<doc id="18562964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562964" title="Captain Commando">
Captain Commando

Plot.
"Captain Commando" is set in the crime-ridden future of Metro City in the year 2026, where a superhero named Captain Commando, assisted by his three faithful Commando Companions rise up to protect the Earth and all the Galaxy from a gang of super-powered criminals.
Gameplay.
"Captain Commando" follows the same gameplay established in Capcom's previous beat-'em-up "Final Fight". The arcade version allows up to two, three, or even four players simultaneously depending on the game's settings. The player can select between any of the four "commandos" (Mack, Captain, Ginzu, or Baby-Head) as their character, with each player controlling a different character. The player's objective as usual is to move towards the end of each stage, defeat every adversary who gets in their way while avoiding any traps that they may throw at the player's way before eventually fighting the boss awaiting at the final area of each stage. The game consists of a total of nine stages.
The control configuration is exactly like "Final Fight", with an eight-way joystick for moving the character left or right, as well as towards or away from the background, along with two action buttons for attacking and jumping. The player can perform numerous combination of attacks while standing or jumping, including grabbing the enemy, as well as a special attack by pressing the attack and jump simultaneously that will drain a portion of the player's vitality. An addition to the controls is the ability to dash by pushing the joystick left or right twice. The player can perform a running attack or even a running jump attack.
Like in "Final Fight", the player can pick up health-restoring food items hidden inside barrels and other destructible objects to restore their vitality, as well as other bonus items to increase their score. Weapons also can be picked up, such as three different types of firearms, as well as shurikens that can only be used by Ginzu. Players also can ride certain robots by dismounting their riders and then jumping over the robot. The robots has their own vitality gauge and if they sustains enough damage, it will be destroyed. There are three types of robots in the game: a punching robot, a flame-throwing robot, and a freezing robot. Unlike "Final Fight", weapons can be carried when the player makes the transition to a new area until the stage is completed.
Development.
The origin of Captain Commando as a character predates his appearance in his self-titled game. In the packaging and manuals of many of Capcom's earlier titles for the Nintendo Entertainment System in North America released between and . All of Capcom's games released for the NES between and ("1942", "Commando", "Ghosts 'n Goblins", "Mega Man", "Trojan", "Section Z" and "Gun Smoke") were released as part of the "Captain Commando Challenge Series" and featured a drawing of the Captain on the back of the packaging, which depicted him as a "futuristic" space hero wielding a raygun on each hand and two large medallions around his neck with the letter "C" engraved on each. Each game's instruction manual also featured a "Special Message" from the Captain addressed to the owner of the game, congratulating the player for purchasing one of Capcom's products. Additionally the instruction manual for "Section Z" identified the otherwise nameless player character as being Captain Commando himself.
A revised version of the Captain Commando character appeared again in Capcom's NES lineup in ("Strider", "Mega Man 2", "Willow", and "Duck Tales"). The artwork on the rear packaging of those games featured an illustration of Captain Commando wearing a pilot suit in front of a fighter jet, holding a helmet under his right arm, with an alien chimp sitting on his right shoulder and the Capcom logo in the style of one of the Data East logos above them. The text above the artwork featured a message from the Captain advising the reader to "look to (him) for up-to-date reports for all the exciting action games from Capcom", followed by the Captain's apparent handwritten signature.
Home versions and related releases.
A Super NES 16 Meg port was released in . This port only allows up to two players. A PlayStation port was released in Japan only on September 17, , by New Inc. This port allows up to three players with the use of a multiplayer adapter. The original CPS game is included in emulated form in the compilations "Capcom Classics Collection: Remixed" for the PlayStation Portable and "Capcom Classics Collection Volume 2" for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox, both released in . A Sega CD version was announced but canceled with the end of the system, sometime before the port of the SNES version.
Legacy.
Captain Commando would return as a player character in the fighting game ' in , as one of the characters representing Capcom. The Captain has a transformation sequence prior to each match which depicts him in a suit (or in a cowboy outfit) before donning his superhero costume. His "Commando Strike" special move, as well as both of his Hyper Combos (the "Captain Sword" and the "Captain Storm"), has him summoning his "Commando Companions" to attack his opponent. The Captain's victory quotes consist of random Capcom trivia, while his ending in "Marvel vs. Capcom" is a homage to the ending in his original game. This incarnation of Captain Commando also appears in the sequel, '. Besides the "Marvel vs. Capcom" games, Captain Commando also appears in three other cross-overs: "Capcom World 2", "Namco × Capcom", and the "" series.
Reception.
On release, "Famicom Tsūshin" scored the Super Famicom version of the game a 21 out of 40. In 2013, it was ranked as the 21st top beat 'em up video game of all time by Heavy.com.

</doc>
<doc id="18562977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562977" title="What About Me? (Kenny Rogers song)">
What About Me? (Kenny Rogers song)

"What About Me?" is a song first recorded in 1984 as a trio by singers Kenny Rogers, Kim Carnes and James Ingram. The song was written by Rogers, noted producer David Foster and singer-songwriter Richard Marx, who would later achieve superstar status as a musician ("Right Here Waiting", "Now and Forever"). It was the lead single from Rogers' Platinum-plus 1984 album of the same name.
Background and writing.
Rogers has described "What About Me?" as "like a three-way love song...Everybody involved said 'Hey, what about me?' I think it's a beautiful record." Originally the male and female parts not sung by Rogers were to be performed by Lionel Richie and Barbra Streisand, but after Richie backed out of the project, Streisand did as well. The second proposed trio of singers was Rogers, Olivia Newton-John and Jeffrey Osborne, but Newton-John began working on a duet with Barry Gibb of the Bee Gees and decided not to do both projects simultaneously. Osborne had a conflicting schedule as well, so the line-up of Rogers, Carnes and Ingram was ultimately the one that recorded the song.
Chart performance.
"What About Me?" charted on four "Billboard" singles charts in the United States at the time of its release in late 1984. It was most successful on the adult contemporary chart, where it spent two weeks at number one in November of that year. This was the first adult contemporary chart topper for either Carnes or Ingram, who also had a #1 adult contemporary song with Patti Austin "Baby, Come to Me" in 1983, though both had achieved pop hits before this song. For Rogers, this was his eighth (and to date, final) number one on the AC chart. On the Billboard Hot 100, the song peaked at number 15, while it accomplished the rare feat of charting on both the R&B (#57) and country (#70) charts. This was Rogers' second single to reach the R&B chart, following his 1980 hit "Lady". That song, written by Richie, had reached number 42 on the R&B chart as well as going to number one on the pop, country and AC charts.

</doc>
<doc id="18562984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562984" title="2008 Air New Zealand Cup">
2008 Air New Zealand Cup

The 2008 Air New Zealand Cup was a provincial rugby union competition involving 14 teams from New Zealand. Matches started on Thursday 31 July 2008, and continued until the final on 25 October 2008.
This season was the third of the expanded competition, which succeeded the First Division of the National Provincial Championship. It started with a 10-week round robin in which every team missed out on playing 3 teams in the competition. This was followed by a knockout playoff involving 8 teams, made up of quarterfinals, semifinals and the final.
On 11 August 2008 the New Zealand Rugby Union initially announced that Tasman and Northland would both be relegated from the Air New Zealand Cup after the completion of the 2008 season. Both teams failed to meet criteria which included financial stability, population, player training and development, playing history, and administration. This decision was reversed towards the end of the 2008 season, with Tasman and Northland remaining in the competition for two more years.
Canterbury won their sixth national provincial title by defeating Wellington 7–6 at Westpac Stadium, Wellington. It was the third consecutive season that Wellington have finished runners-up.
Standings.
The top eight teams in pool play advanced to the Quarter Finals.
Table notes.
NB:

</doc>
<doc id="18562989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562989" title="Nimbus Roman No9 L">
Nimbus Roman No9 L

Nimbus Roman is a serif typeface created by URW Studio in 1982. 
Nimbus Roman No 9 L is a serif typeface created by URW Studio in 1987, and eventually released under the GPL and AFPL (as Type 1 font for Ghostscript) in 1996 and LPPL in 2009. It features Normal, Bold, Italic, and Bold Italic weights, and is one of several freely licensed fonts offered by URW++.
Although the characters are not exactly the same, Nimbus Roman No 9 L has metrics almost identical to Times and Times New Roman. It is one of the Ghostscript fonts, a free alternatives to 35 basic PostScript fonts (which include Times).
It is a standard typeface in many GNU/Linux distributions. It was used as default font in OpenOffice.org Writer in some GNU/Linux distributions (e.g. Ubuntu - up to version 8.10; since Ubuntu 9.04 the default font was changed to Liberation Serif).

</doc>
<doc id="18563000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563000" title="Jurong Island Highway">
Jurong Island Highway

Jurong Island Highway (Chinese: 裕廊岛大道; ; ) is a major highway in Singapore which links Jurong Pier Road in Jurong Port of the main island to Jurong Island. It was opened in March 1999. It is also the only highway within Jurong Island.
There are plans to build a second causeway to link the Western end of Jurong Island Highway and Gul Road in Jurong Industrial Estate, Mainland Singapore but the plan was put on hold due to the possibility that the causeway might affect the passage of ships to the shipyards in the Southern part of Jurong Industrial Area.
A speed camera (limit 70 km/h) was set up in 2009 next to the CNG station.

</doc>
<doc id="18563001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563001" title="List of Loyola University New Orleans people">
List of Loyola University New Orleans people

Many notable politicians, entertainers, and figures in United States history are alumni of Loyola University New Orleans. These include former members of the United States House of Representatives, members of the Louisiana House of Representatives and Louisiana State Senate, high ranking Presidential United States Cabinet officials, a former Head of State, a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, and numerous music celebrities, including opera star Norman Treigle. The university is also home to a number of high profile professors, including Walter Block, the free market economist and anarcho-capitalist associated with the Austrian School.
This is a list of notable people associated with the university.

</doc>
<doc id="18563047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563047" title="Philip Neilsen">
Philip Neilsen

Philip Max Neilsen (born 20 September 1949) is an Australian poet, fiction writer for adults, young adults and children, and editor. He is professor of creative writing and English at the Queensland University of Technology.
Biography.
Neilsen was born in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. His grandparents and great grandparents were emigrants to Australia from Norway, Scotland, England and Germany. He attended Brisbane Grammar School and the University of Queensland where he gained honours, masters and doctoral degrees in English and taught for nine years. He founded the creative writing program at the Queensland University of Technology in 1997. He has been a member of the Literature Board of the Australia Council for the Arts. Previously, he has been Chair of the Queensland Writers Centre. Neilsen is married to legal ethicist Mhairead MacLeod.
Writing and editing.
Neilsen’s work uses satire, comic fantasy and realism to explore social, environmental and personal subjects. Favourite writers he has mentioned include W. H. Auden, Philip Roth, Margaret Atwood, David Malouf, Kurt Vonnegut, Judith Wright, Roald Dahl, Billy Collins and Elizabeth Bishop. His poetry earned a Young Writer’s Fellowship from the Australia Council in 1976. " Edward Britton ", a young adult novel co-authored with Gary Crew was a CBC Australian notable Book in 2001. His work has been translated into Chinese, German, Korean and Serbian. His poetry was included in the 2008 Norton anthology "The Making of a Sonnet" (Eds. Edward Hirsch & Eavan Boland). He wrote the first monograph of literary criticism on David Malouf’s work, "Imagined Lives" (UQP, 1990 & 1996) and edited the first collections of Australian satirical poetry (The Penguin Book of Australian Satirical Verse (1986) and "The Sting in the Wattle" (UQP, 1993). Neilsen’s poetry has been acclaimed by Les Murray, John Kinsella, Bronwyn Lea, and Bruce Dawe, among others.
His areas of research include creative writing arts therapy for those with schizophrenia and other mental illness, and eco-criticism. 
Poetry books.
"Faces of a Sitting Man" (Makar Press, 1975).
"The Art of Lying" (Makar Press, 1979)
"Life Movies" (QCP, 1981)
"We’ll All Go Together" (with Barry O’Donohue)(QCP, 1983)
"Without an Alibi" (Salt: Cambridge, 2008)
Children’s and young adult books.
"Emma and the Megahero" (Reed Books, 1995)
"The Lie" (Lothian, 1997) 
"The Wombat King, " (Lothian, 1997)
"Edward Britton" (with Gary Crew) (Lothian, 2000)
"Splot the Viking" (Penguin, 2008)
Scholarly Books.
"Imagined Lives: A Study of David Malouf" (University of Queensland Press, 1996)
"The Cambridge Companion to Creative Writing" Co-edited with David Morley (CUP, 2013)
Short stories.
His short stories have appeared in "The State of the Art" (ed. Frank Moorhouse), "Paradise to Paranoia" (eds. Nigel Krauth and Robyn Sheehan), "Latitudes" (ed. Susan Johnson), "The Dark House" (ed. Gary Crew) and journals such as "Southerly", "Overland" and "Linq". The autobiographical essay ‘"Humility"’ appeared in "Eleven Saving Virtues" (ed. Ross Fitzgerald). A digital story ‘"The Storyteller’" is available at http://www.kgurbanvillage.com.au/sharing/digital/philip.shtm
References.
Review of "Without an Alibi" in "Australian Book Review" June, 2008.
External links.
QUT profile at http://www.creativeindustries.qut.edu.au/about_us/staff-profile/profile.jsp

</doc>
<doc id="18563052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563052" title="Coke-Jamrong Samerwong Stadium">
Coke-Jamrong Samerwong Stadium

Coke-Jamrong Samerwong Stadium () is a stadium in Chonburi province, Thailand. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Coke-Bangpra FC.

</doc>
<doc id="18563087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563087" title="Supersports">
Supersports

Supersports is an Australian motor racing class designed as a relatively cheap class of sports racing car. While looking like international sports cars the vehicles themselves are smaller and lighter. Engines are liquid-cooled, four stroke, naturally aspirated engines. The can be sourced from motorcycles with a limit of 1100 cubic centimetres, or from cars with a limit of 1630 cubic centimetres. Cockpit dimensions must have space for two seats.
The category superseded the previous small sports car category, Clubman Sports 1300 (which was limited to 1300cc car engined vehicles) in 2003. The increasing popularity internationally of motorcycle powered small sports cars like those built by Radical and others brought on the change, which also sought to modernise the category. The requirement for a two seat cockpit has seen several, mostly American sports cars, like those built by West Race Cars excluded from Supersports.
Supersports raced competitively at state level in New South Wales, racing with state level Australian Formula 2 cars, as well as cars appearing in most eastern states. Up until 2010 the most prominent title for the class was the Supersports Interstate Challenge, a title first awarded to the Sports 1300 class in 1979. The most recent title was won by Stephen Morcombe driving a Chiron.
In 2010 a new national series began for Supersports and invited cars (to allow single-seat sports cars such as West designs) was created called the Sports Racer Series. The series however collapsed after only two rounds. The series is being revived for 2011, but will clash directly with the one-make Radical Australia Cup, the former New South Wales series expanding to a national series for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="18563184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563184" title="Imetit">
Imetit

Imetit is a Histamine H3 receptor agonist.

</doc>
<doc id="18563186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563186" title="The Gong Show with Dave Attell">
The Gong Show with Dave Attell

The Gong Show with Dave Attell is a revival of the 1970s Chuck Barris comedy game show called "The Gong Show", hosted by comedian Dave Attell. The show premiered on July 17, 2008. It was produced by Adam Sandler's production company Happy Madison Productions and Sony Pictures Television.
Show format.
Faithful to the classic format, each show presented a contest between amateur performers of often dubious talent, with a panel of three celebrity judges. If any judge considered an act to be particularly bad, he or she could strike a large gong, thus forcing the performer to stop and eliminating that contestant from the competition.
If the act survived without being gonged, the performers were given a score by each of the three judges on a scale of 0 to 500 (instead of 0 to 10), for a maximum possible score of 1,500. The contestant who achieved the highest combined score won the grand prize of $600 and a ""Gong Show" Championship Belt" trophy.
The last act of each show (which was interrupted by a siren and the doors closing) was usually performed by Dave Juskow.
The scores and prizes were brought out by Prize Girls Heidi Van Horne and Amy Harwick.
Judges.
Among the new show's celebrity judges were J.B. Smoove, Dave Navarro, Andy Dick, Steve Schirripa, Brian Posehn, Ron White, Jim Norton, Adam Carolla, Kate Walsh, Triumph the Insult Comic Dog, and Greg Giraldo.

</doc>
<doc id="18563248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563248" title="Motive Power">
Motive Power

Motive Power is a bi-monthly railway related magazine that focuses on diesel locomotives in Australia. The content includes photographs of locomotives & trains, news about newly delivered and repainted locomotives, technical articles, and fleet listings of the various Australian railway operators. Articles about railway photography itself are sometime included, as well as articles and advertisements about railway modelling. 

</doc>
<doc id="18563253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563253" title="Judex (1963 film)">
Judex (1963 film)

Judex is a 1963 French-language crime film remake of the 1916 French film serial of the same name concerning the adventures of pulp hero Judex. Directed by French filmmaker Georges Franju, the film stars Channing Pollock as Judex/Vallieres, Édith Scob as Jacqueline, Francine Bergé as Diana and Michel Vitold as Favraux.
Plot.
The plot revolves the banker Favraux, receiving a threatening note from Judex demanding that he pay back people he has swindled. He is later drugged by Judex and locked away. Meanwhile the former governess Diana, kidnaps Jacqueline to try to get the banker's money.
Production.
The production of "Judex" happened by chance. French writer Francis Lacassin was writing an article on French film, and while doing research he was approached by a production manager with an idea for a film, when he suggested to do a film on "Judex". The story came to Jacques Champreux who was the grandson of the original creator of Judex, Louis Feuillade. Champreux has been a fan of director Georges Franju and asked him to make the film, who accepted despite having a larger desire to remake "Fantômas". Franju was not very interested in the character or original story of "Judex," stating that ""Judex" is the only film of Feuillade that isn't good Feuillade," but he wanted to recreate the film in the style of early French cinema that he remembered from his childhood. Jacques Champreux's idea for the film was to combine Franju's film style with the elements of the story in the original "Judex" and started writing the screenplay with that in mind. Champreux and Franju had the film open with a costume ball where everyone is wearing animal masks. This scene is influenced by French cartoonist J.J. Grandville, who depicted people with the heads of animals and birds.
Casting.
Channing Pollock, who was a famous conjurer in cabaret circles, was cast as Judex. Pollock had been in several films beforehand and the backing producers wanted to make him into a Rudolph Valentino-type star. Franju and Champreux made his character into more of a magical character rather than a "dispenser of justice". Many actresses were thought of for the role of Diana Monti, originally played by Musidora in the Feuillade's "Judex". Franju and Champreaux wanted someone who would "still look good even in the dark" and originally desired to have Brigitte Bardot as Diana Monti which excited their producers. After seeing "Les Abysses" at the Cannes Film Festival, they chose Francine Bergé who also played the role of Michele in the film. Franju cast Édith Scob as Jacqueline who he had worked with on his previous films, including "Eyes Without a Face" and "Thérèse Desqueyroux".
Release and reception.
"Judex" was released on December 4, 1963 in France. The general reception for the French critics of "Judex" was fairly positive, with most critics applauded the homage to the original silent film serial while noting the problems that arose when with the over-conscientious approach to style and atmosphere. A critic from "L'Express" wrote that the film was "pure entertainment, pure charm, a total success". while another from "Les Nouvelles littéraires" called the film's pacing "lazy" and the film direction "nonchalant, not to say laborious". Claude Mauriac of "Le Figaro littéraire" wrote that the film did not let the audience relate to the action as it was to caught up attracting them to the "plastic beauty" of the film. The film opened up to generally positive review in the United States as well. "Variety" wrote a positive review stating that the film was "...a successful homage to the French film serials of the early, silent days...film does not send up this form of pic but rather captures its essential simplicity, adventurousness and innocence." "Time" also wrote a positive review stating "Judex has too much low-key charm and seriousness to be wildly funny, but Director Franju seems content to woo a minority taste." "The New York Times" wrote a negative review, stating that "Judex" "suffers from several afflictions, one of which is ambiguity. It is hard to tell whether Georges Franju, who made it, wants us to laugh at it or take it seriously."
Modern reception has been generally positive. Jonathan Rosenbaum of the Chicago Reader wrote that "Judex" was "one of the better features of [Franju's] middle period". "Time Out" wrote that the film is "superbly elegant" and an "enjoyable tribute to the adventure fantasies of Louis Feuillade".
Home video.
A Region 2 release of "Judex" was released on August 25, 2008 by Eureka in their Masters of Cinema series. This release also included the 1973 film "Nuits Rouges" also directed by Franju.

</doc>
<doc id="18563257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563257" title="Milton Petrie">
Milton Petrie

Milton Petrie (August 5, 1902 – November 6, 1994) was an American retailer, investor and philanthropist. He made a fortune from a chain of retail stores and supplemented it through a series of investments in real estate and stocks. He was well known in New York City as a philanthropist who gave money to universities and cultural institutions and also to many individuals.
Early life and career.
His parents were Russian Jewish immigrants who ran a pawn shop in Salt Lake City when he was born. In 1927, he started a chain of hosiery stores, but it ultimately failed. He then built a large retail company called Petrie Stores, which operated over a seventeen hundred discount women's clothing stores under various names, Petries, Jean Nicole, Rave, Stuarts, Winklemans, Marianne's and G & G. In 1987, he began to acquire shares in Toys "R" Us for less than a dollar per share. His stake grew to 38% percent of the company and was worth $1.5 billion at the time of his death. In 1977, his $10 million investment in a consortium organized by A. Alfred Taubman to buy the Irvine Company returned $100 million.
Philanthropy.
Petrie was known for large contributions to educational and cultural institutions in New York. The Carroll and Milton Petrie European Sculpture Court at the Metropolitan Museum of Art was named in appreciation of his gift of $10 million to the museum. In appreciation for his $1 million gift to the Cathedral of Saint John the Divine, his likeness is carved in the form of a corbel on the wall of the cathedral's south bell tower. He also gave millions more to the Beth Israel Medical Center, United Jewish Appeal, and Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. The Minnie Petrie Synagogue at the Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion in Manhattan is named after his mother. 
Petrie was also known for his gifts to ordinary individuals. He gave $20,000 a year to Marla Hanson, a model whose face was slashed in an attack instigated by a former landlord. He was especially generous to police officers. He pledged $20,000 a year to the widow of Anthony Venditti, a New York City police detective who was killed in a 1986 shootout, as well as setting up trust funds for the college education of the detective's children. He made the same gift to the widow of Louis Miller, a New York City police detective who was killed in 1987 and to Steven McDonald, a New York City police officer who was shot and paralyzed in 1987.
Personal life.
In 1978, he married his fourth wife, a Baptist by upbringing from Greenville, South Carolina and thrice-married, Carroll McDaniel Portago Carey-Hughes Pistell Petrie. She was the widow of the Spanish race car driver Alfonso de Portago. At the time of Petrie's death, he was survived by his wife Carroll, his children by earlier marriages Bernard Petrie, Marianne Miller and Patricia Hugenberg and grandchildren Matthew Miller and Kurt Hugenberg. At his death, he left $300–400 million to establish the Carroll and Milton Petrie Foundation, which continued his philanthropy.

</doc>
<doc id="18563294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563294" title="Horizon (U.S. magazine)">
Horizon (U.S. magazine)

Horizon was a magazine published in the United States from 1958 to 1989. Originally published by "American Heritage" as a bi-monthly hardback, "Horizon" was subtitled "A Magazine of the Arts". In 1978, Boone Inc. bought the magazine, which continued to cover the arts. Publication ceased in March 1989.
American Heritage years.
The history magazine and book publisher "American Heritage" began "Horizon: A Magazine of the Arts" as a hardback bi-monthly in September 1958. The editor was Joseph J. Thorndike, Jr., with James Parton as publisher. Contributors in the early years included architectural critic Allan Temko; art critic Russell Lynes, biologist Julian Huxley; composers Igor Stravinsky and Leonard B. Meyer; drama critic Robert Brustein; economist John Kenneth Galbraith; filmmaker Ingmar Bergman; historians Correlli Barnett, Hugh Trevor-Roper and J.H. Plumb; journalist Fernand Auberjonois; literary critic Carlos Baker; novelists Anthony Burgess and Jean Stafford; poet Frank O'Hara; screenwriter D. M. Marshman, Jr., travel writers Freya Stark, Jan Morris (as James Morris) and Tim Severin; and essayists Lesley Blanch, Geoffrey Grigson, Gilbert Highet, Walter Karp, Raymond Postgate, Francis Steegmuller and Irving Stone.
While "Horizon" remained bimonthly to July 1962, volume IV, there was an anomalous volume V that had eight issues. After November 1963, there were only four issues a year, and the magazine changed its issue dates to the current season rather than a month. This is shown in Linda Prestwidge's master table of contents for hard cover "Horizon" issues in the reference link below. From Winter 1964, volume VI, to January 1977, volume XIX, "Horizon" produced four issues a year which are still prized by collectors and actively traded on the Internet. Link label
The May 1977 issue contained an insert from the publisher, Rhett Austell, informing the subscribers that "Horizon" would become a monthly magazine in soft cover. The reason was plainly financial. "Horizon" was not able to attract enough subscribers to maintain the luxury magazine devoted to the arts and history that had been envisioned by Thorndike and Parton. Austell referred in this insert to "a time of inflationary prices" and announced that Otto Fuerbringer, a former editor at "Time" magazine, had been hired as editor of "Horizon". There was an editorial in this issue describing the changes in the quality of the printing, binding, and content imposed by the shorter time between issues. 
The July 1977 issue, volume XIX number 4, had another insert from the publisher confirming that this would be the last hard-cover issue. The response from the subscribers to the lower quality of printing and binding and a new emphasis on current events was overwhelmingly negative, resulting in the sale of "Horizon" to Boone, Inc. a year later.
"American Heritage" also published books under the "Horizon" name, such as 1961's "Horizon Book of the Renaissance", edited by Richard M. Ketchum and written by Plumb, with contributors including Trevor-Roper, Kenneth Clark, Iris Origo and Jacob Bronowski. ().
Boone years.
In December 1978, publication of "Horizon" moved from New York City, New York, to Tuscaloosa, Alabama. The new owner was Boone Inc., with editor and publisher Gray D. Boone. Contributors included Robert Joffrey, Alan Rich, Lanford Wilson, Ray Bradbury and Brendan Gill. Publication ceased eleven years later, with volume 32, number 2, March/April 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18563303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563303" title="The Eye (comics)">
The Eye (comics)

The Eye, in comics, may refer to:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18563313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563313" title="Joseph Boutin Bourassa">
Joseph Boutin Bourassa

Joseph Boutin Bourassa (November 13, 1853 in St. Romuald, Canada East – July 12, 1943) was a politician and notary. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1911 as a Member of the Liberal Party to represent the riding of Lévis. He was re-elected in 1917 as a Laurier Liberal and 1921. He lost the 1908 election in Lévis to Louis-Auguste Carrier.

</doc>
<doc id="18563314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563314" title="Tamil Nadu Professional Courses Entrance Examination">
Tamil Nadu Professional Courses Entrance Examination

The Tamil Nadu Professional Courses Entrance Examination (TNPCEE) was an entrance examination used for admitting students to the Engineering and Medical Colleges in the state of Tamil Nadu in India. It is conducted by Anna University on behalf of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
Content.
The Entrance examination contains 3 papers: Mathematics, Physical Science (Physics and Chemistry) and Biology. Each paper carries 50 marks and it follows Multiple Choice Question pattern. The performance in the TNPCEE is combined with the performance in the Class 12 Board Examination to arrive at a "cut-off" which is used to determine the rank of the students. TNPCEE carries 100 marks and Class 12 Board Examination carries 200 marks (marks obtained in Class 12 Board Examination of Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry normalized to 100 marks, 50 marks and 50 marks respectively).
History.
TNPCEE was first conducted in 1984 by Anna University. Before that an interview was conducted but this was found to be inadequate. Anna University has the impeccable record of conducting the test without any question or answers keys being leaked. (Exam questions were leaked in the case of IIT-JEE, CAT and the EAMCET conducted by Andhra Pradesh.)
Controversies.
For some years there have been controversies surrounding TNPCEE.
The Class 12 Board Examination is insufficient when it comes to ranking the students. Many students obtain the same marks and to break the tie it was suggested that date of birth be used. If the date of birth were also to match lots would be used (In 2005-06 when the TN Government discarded TNPCEE marks this happened). This would certainly cause heart-burn among the students. TNPCEE is conducted to reduce the probability of many students obtaining same marks.
In the year 2005, an attempt was made by the erstwhile Tamil Nadu government to revoke TNPCEE pattern of engineering admissions. Tamil Nadu government, based on the reservation policies, defended that the admission be made solely on the 12’Th standard marks. This brought a lot critics attention who warned that would abysmally lower the engineering education since Plus 2 examinations tests mostly of a student's memory retention whereas TNPCEE tests the student's problem solving capabilities. High court of Chennai quashed this idea of admission. Hence the TNPCEE admission system is back in vogue.
TNPCEE 2006.
After all the controversy about scrapping the TNPCEE, the Tamil Nadu government finally decided to hold it on the 18th and 19 May 2006.
Initially, all the self-financing and government aided colleges in Tamil Nadu were to admit students considering the cut-off with the TNPCEE marks. Then, by a ruling called the Inaamdar Commission, around 180 self-financing colleges decided to break away from the TNPCEE clique and formed the TNSF (Tamil Nadu Self Financing) Consortium. This consortium then conducted an exam called the CET on 15th and 16 July.
First, this consortium was to fill up 100% of its seats based on a cut-off combining the board marks and the CET marks. But now, by a court ruling, all minority colleges have surrendered 50% of their seats and non-minority colleges have surrendered 70% of their seats to the TNPCEE pool. This means that the CET marks will be used to fill only 50% in minority and 30% in non-minority colleges.
Counselling for general category candidates started on 21 July 2006. The vacancy positions at the end of each day are shown on the Anna University Website. There is, however, no information brochure available online.
The State Government has been following the rule of 69% reservation for SC/ST/OBC etc. This year, a high court ruling has stated that this reservation should not exceed 50%. Due to this, the excess 19% seats have been allocated in the open category under the title FOC - Fifty percent Open Category. This has led to increased number of seats from self-financing and government colleges for the open category.
Also, there will be no second round of counselling for TNPCEE. Seats that have been taken and discarded will not be available to other deserving students but will be wasted for a year and then offered to diploma holders who are eligible for lateral entry.
Counselling process.
The candidates are divided into time-slots according to their state rank and are required to report at the counselling venue at their allotted slot. Here, they can collect their counselling passes after paying the counselling fee.
The students then go to the "Briefing Hall" where there are two big screens showing the seats that are currently available in all colleges under the TNPCEE. Here, the original certificates are verified and the candidates are called for the actually counselling in order of their state rank.
Once in the counselling room, there are around 40 terminals at which students can make their choice. Each terminal has a person who assists the student in the counselling. When a student is allotted a terminal, the student is supposed to enter their top three choices. Before doing this, the student can check up on seat status of various colleges. Once this is done, a screen appears which shows choices and also how many people above you are yet to click their choices. You will be able to freeze a choice only when students above you in rank have frozen theirs. As the number of students above you keeps decreasing, if there is a sure chance of your getting your preferred college and branch, that particular choice becomes green indicating that your seat there is assured.

</doc>
<doc id="18563320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563320" title="Zénaïde Fleuriot">
Zénaïde Fleuriot

Zénaïde-Marie-Anne Fleuriot (28 October 1829 -19 December 1890), was a French novelist. She wrote eighty three novels, all aimed at young women, most of which were published in the series Bibliothèque rose and Bibliothèque bleue. Her writings were initially published under the pseudonym Anna Edianez, Edianez being an anagram of Zénaïde and Anna being derived from one of her own given names, Anne. She also wrote under the names Anna Edianez de Saint-B. and Anna Edianez de L.
Biography.
Zénaïde Fleuriot was born in Saint-Brieuc, Brittany to a devoutly Catholic and Royalist family, faithful to the Bourbons. Her parents had sixteen children of which only five survived. Her father, Jean-Marie, having lost his mother as a child, was brought up by his uncle, a priest, who was shot by the Revolutionaries in Brest in 1794 for refusing to sign the Civil Constitution of the Clergy. At the age of fourteen he had fought in the Battle of Austerlitz (1802). Repatriated in 1806, he turned to the study of law, becoming an advocate in Saint-Brieuc. During the July Monarchy he lost his fortune and his job after attacking the régime in the aftermath of the 1830 Revolution. Zenaïde Fleuriot was deeply influenced by the political and religious milieu of her family environment.
Between 1849 and 1860, she worked as governess to the children of the Guillotou family in Kerever, staying in Saint-Brieuc during the winter and in Château-Billy, Ploufragan, during the summer. During this period she produced a significant number of novels, which gave her financial independence.
In 1867, suffering from depression, she contemplated abandoning literature. Her deep Christianity led her to dream of living a sequestered religious life. In Rome, she met Princess Carolyne zu Sayn-Wittgenstein, another Catholic writer, who became her confidante. Wittgenstein convinced her to continue with her literary career. She resumed literary work. In 1871 she founded and later led a vocational school intended to promote youth employment.
In the spring of 1872, Fleuriot visited her deceased brother’s children and their mother at the seaside town of Locmariaquer. She fell in love with this little port, acquiring a large estate in 1873 with a magnificent view over the Gulf of Morbihan. She built a house which she named "Kermoareb" (meaning "My Aunt’s House" in the Breton language). It was here that she wrote one of her best-known novels, "Petit chef de famille".
Literary career.
Fleuriot published a number of essays under the name Anna Edianez, but very soon her early novels were published under the name Zénaïde Fleuriot.
After her early publications she worked for the "Journal des demoiselles et la Mode illustrée". Her novel "Aigles et colombes" (Eagles and Doves) was rewarded by the Académie française with a 1500 Franc prize. 
She was a constant contributor to "Le Journal de la jeunesse" and "La Bibliothèque rose", whose aim was to provide young people with unobjectionable reading. Her novels are written in a simple, easy style.
Her background gave her a deep respect for traditional Christian and family values, which infused her work. This helped to make her work very popular among the Catholic middle class. 
From 1874 to 1879, she edited the journal "la Semaine des familles".
Novels.
Posthumous publications :

</doc>
<doc id="18563330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563330" title="Wallace No. 243">
Wallace No. 243

Wallace No. 243 is a rural municipality of 901 residents (2006 census) in the east-central part of Saskatchewan, Canada. The RM was incorporated December 11, 1911. Other localities in the area include Rhein, Rokeby and Stornoway. 
A rural municipality is an administrative district consisting of an elected reeve, councilors, administrator who provide essential services within their area.

</doc>
<doc id="18563356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563356" title="Jordan James (soccer)">
Jordan James (soccer)

Jordan James (born November 25, 1982 in Syracuse, New York) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the USL First Division.
Youth.
James played youth soccer with the Syracuse Blitz. He then attended St. Lawrence University where he played on the men’s NCAA Division III soccer team from 2001 to 2004. He finished his collegiate career with 36 victories in 44 games.
Professional.
In 2004, James spent the collegiate off season with the Albany Blackwatch Highlanders of the fourth division Premier Development League, earning a 0.82 goals against average in fifteen games. In 2005, he signed with the Wilmington Hammerheads of the USL Second Division before moving to the Cincinnati Kings of the USL-2 in 2006. James had an outstanding 2006 season, leading the league in saves and shutouts and was selected as first team All League. This led to interest from Major League Soccer and trials with both the Columbus Crew and FC Dallas. However, it was the Houston Dynamo which signed him for the 2007 season. He made no first team appearances, playing twice with the Houston Reserves before being released at the end of the season. On February 28, 2008, the Portland Timbers of the USL First Division signed Jordan. He retired at the end of the season.
Coach.
In 2005 and 2006, James served as the goalkeeper coach for the St. Lawrence University men’s soccer team. While playing for the Cincinnati Kings of the USL Second Division, James served as an assistant and goal keeper coach for The University of Cincinnati Men's Soccer Program. When he signed with the Houston Dynamo, he then moved to San Jacinto College as that school’s goalkeeper coach.

</doc>
<doc id="18563357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563357" title="Heinrich Emanuel Grabowski">
Heinrich Emanuel Grabowski

Heinrich Emanuel Grabowski; also Henryk Grabowski (July 11, 1792 - October 1, 1842) was a German botanist and pharmacist of Polish heritage. He was a native of Leobschütz (today known as Glubczyce, Poland).
He studied pharmacy as an apprenctice in Breslau (Wrocław), and from 1824 until 1840 was manager of his own pharmacy in Oppeln (Opole). He is remembered for his investigations of Silesian flora, and also his studies of fossil flora in the Oppeln region of Silesia (Opole Silesia). The botanical species "Rubus grabowskii" is named after him.
With German botanist Christian Friedrich Heinrich Wimmer (1803-1868), he was the author of "Flora Silesiae", a three-part work on Silesian flora that was published in two volumes (1827-1829).

</doc>
<doc id="18563366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563366" title="Jemma Palmer">
Jemma Palmer

Jemma "Jem" Palmer (born 10 April 1983) is an English model and professional wrestler. She was briefly signed to WWE. She is also known by the name Inferno, which she used in the 2008 British television series "Gladiators". In 2011, she became known for taking part in the twelfth series of "Big Brother" - the first series broadcast on Channel 5.
Modelling.
Palmer grew up modelling under the encouragement of her mother, winning the Little Miss Midlands and Miss Littlesea competitions as a child. As an adult she entered a number of competitions, becoming a finalist in the 2006 Musclemania Britain which she later won, Miss Hawaiian Tropic, Ms USA Dream Bikini Body and Miss Maxim UK competitions. She also came third in the Maxim Little Black Book UK modelling competition.
She went on to model in many publications including Loaded, WWE Magazine, FHM and Fabulous Magazine. Her modelling work was compared to video game character Lara Croft by the Daily Mail.
Gladiators.
While her mother encouraged Palmer into modelling, her father encouraged her into athletics. She enrolled in the cadets where she began to train in climbing, abseiling and amateur wrestling. She would later gain a purple belt in submission wrestling.
As a fan of "Gladiators" growing up, when rumours mounted of a revival show in 2008 she began sending promotional material to television companies. Her wrestling manager landed her an audition for the similarly timed "American Gladiators" revival, but she received a call up for Sky1's British version days later and passed their fitness test. She performed in both series of "Gladiators" under the name Inferno, sporting red hair and a fiery, flirtatious personality. Despite not appearing on the American version, BBC America aired "Gladiators" in the United States. As a cadet, she also later appeared on Sky1's "Battle of The Forces" which pitted the British Army, Royal Navy and RAF against each other.
Wrestling career.
British circuit (2005–present).
Along with her other exploits Palmer also was a fan of wrestling, particularly the original incarnation of D-Generation X. In 2005, she began to appear for the Frontier Wrestling Alliance (FWA) mainly as a valet for Doug Williams. This led to her having a try out match with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) alongside Katarina Waters who went on to become Katie Lea Burchill. Although she was not signed, she was later offered a scholarship to train at Ultimate Pro Wrestling. During her time on the circuit, Palmer filmed a reality television show based on pro wrestling as one of the three lead stars.
After much training, she was booked for her debut match against Jetta at Pro-Wrestling: Eve's first show on 8 May 2010 in Sudbury, Suffolk. Before her match with Jetta she suffered an injury in her hand but wrestled the match anyway, with a storyline written in that Jetta attacked her and goaded her into a match while she was explaining the injury to the crowd. The referee stopped the contest and awarded it to Jetta out of concern for Palmer's health.
World Wrestling Entertainment.
On June 29, 2009 it was announced that Palmer had signed a contract with World Wrestling Entertainment. Palmer was released from her contract before reporting to WWE's farm territory Florida Championship Wrestling after she was granted her usa work visa for unknown reasons.
Big Brother.
Palmer entered the UK "Big Brother" house part-way through the twelfth series in October 2011, joining her younger sister, Faye who had been part of the series since the beginning. Palmer voluntarily left the House on Day 48.
Business interests.
In October 2011, Palmer invested in a company called Buff Naked Butlers, which provides semi-naked butlers for events in Wales and England. Additionally, there is evidence of connections between Palmer and Palmer industries.

</doc>
<doc id="18563375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563375" title="Douglas Scott">
Douglas Scott

Douglas Scott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18563377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563377" title="Joan Dickson">
Joan Dickson

Joan Dickson (21 December 1921 in Edinburgh – 9 October 1994 in London) was one of the great cello teachers of the twentieth century. She worked primarily in the United Kingdom, and was a professor at the Royal College of Music in London. She was also a notable performer, giving many duo recitals with her longtime partner Joyce Rathbone. Joan also collaborated regularly with her sister Hester, who is also a pianist, and remains a piano accompaniment lecturer at the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland.
She studied with Enrico Mainardi in Paris.
Her students included soloists Alexander Baillie and Richard Harwood, as well as orchestral cellists Andrew Shulman and Louisa Tuck.

</doc>
<doc id="18563380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563380" title="NGC 5879">
NGC 5879

NGC 5879 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Draco. The galaxy was discovered in 1788 by William Herschel. It is a member of the NGC 5866 Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18563384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563384" title="Edificio Panamericano">
Edificio Panamericano

The Panamericano Building is a housing construction located in the area Buceo of Montevideo, Uruguay. It is located on the coast, across the Port of Buceo and on the border with the neighbourhood of Pocitos.
It was designed and constructed by the architect Raul A. Sichero Bouret. This building stands out by the form of its supports (in V) of double height and by its facade. 
It was declared a building of "Municipal Interest" by the Mayor of Montevideo in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18563386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563386" title="Dennis Werth">
Dennis Werth

Dennis Dean Werth (born December 29, 1952) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman and outfielder.
Career.
Werth is an alumnus of Southern Illinois University Edwardsville. Drafted by the New York Yankees in the 19th round of the 1974 Major League Baseball Draft, Werth made his major league debut with the New York Yankees on September 17, 1979, and appeared in his final game on September 27, 1982. During the baseball strike in 1981, Werth played for the Columbus Clippers.
Personal.
Werth is the stepfather of current Washington Nationals outfielder Jayson Werth, and the husband of former U.S. Olympic athlete Kim Schofield Werth.

</doc>
<doc id="18563394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563394" title="Baldwin, North Dakota">
Baldwin, North Dakota

Baldwin is an unincorporated community in western Burleigh County, North Dakota, United States. It lies along U.S. Route 83 north of the city of Bismarck, the county seat of Burleigh County. Its elevation is 1,939 feet (591 m). Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 58521.
Baldwin is referenced in the Highway to Heaven episode 1:23, entitled "The Right Thing." A grandfather character, played by Lew Ayres, talks about a plaque with his name "back on the wall of the YMCA in Baldwin, North Dakota."

</doc>
<doc id="18563395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563395" title="Ōuchiyama, Mie">
Ōuchiyama, Mie

As of 2003, the village had an estimated population of 1,543 and a density of 23.84 persons per km². The total area was 64.73 km².
On February 14, 2005, Ōuchiyama, along with the towns of Kisei and Ōmiya (all from Watarai District), was merged to create the town of Taiki and thus no longer exists as an independent municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="18563398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563398" title="Rocky Mountain Junior Hockey League">
Rocky Mountain Junior Hockey League

The Rocky Mountain Junior Hockey League was a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey league in British Columbia.
History.
In 1975, the Quesnel Millionaires and Prince George Spruce Kings joined the Peace Junior B Hockey League. The PJBHL already included the Fort St. John Huskies, Dawson Creek Canucks, and Grande Prairie North Stars. Previously, Fort St. John won the Cyclone Taylor Cup as British Columbia Jr. B Champions in 1969 as a member of the Peace Jr. B League. With the expansion, the PJBHL became the Peace-Cariboo Junior Hockey League. The first championship of the new PCJHL was won by Prince George, but Quesnel won the league and the Cyclone Taylor Cup as BC Champions in 1977, 1978, and 1979 and the Grande Prairie North Stars won the Russ Barnes Trophy and Alberta champions in 1976.
In 1980 the PCJHL became a Junior "A" League, one season after the British Columbia Junior Hockey League-Pacific Coast Junior Hockey League merger. The league's most successful team, by far, was the Prince George Spruce Kings. Every season, their playoff champion earned the right to play for the Mowat Cup, the British Columbia Junior "A" Title. The PCJHL/RMJHL was eligible for the Royal Bank Cup, the Junior "A" National Title.
In 1991, the Peace Cariboo league doubled in size when it took in a portion of the Jr. B Kootenay International Junior Hockey League and renamed itself the Rocky Mountain league. The original teams to the North would form the Peace-Cariboo Division, while the newer teams to the South would form the Kootenay Division.
In 1995, the Trail Smoke Eaters walked away from the league and joined the British Columbia Hockey League. In 1996, the entire Peace-Cariboo Division left the Kootenay Division behind when the Prince George Spruce Kings and Quesnel Millionaires jumped to the BCHL, the Grande Prairie Chiefs jumped to the Alberta Junior Hockey League, the Williams Lake Mustangs went defunct, and the Fort St. John Huskies jumped to Hockey Alberta's North West Junior Hockey League.
To fill the void left when the Peace-Cariboo Division folded in 1996, the Castlegar Rebels joined the fold. In 1998, however, the Rebels would return to the KIJHL and the Cranbrook Colts would fold to make way for the Western Hockey League's Kootenay Ice. Left with 4 teams, the 4 teams of the RMJHL (Creston Valley Thunder, Kimberley Dynamiters, Nelson Leafs, and Fernie Ghostriders) played an interlocking schedule with the America West Hockey League of USA Hockey. On February 12, 1999, the commissioner of the RMJHL, Bronco Horvath, presented a letter to the management of the British Columbia Hockey League proposing the four remaining teams join the BCHL as a "Kootenay Division". The proposal was universally rejected by the BCHL. After the 1998-99 season, Creston took a one-year hiatus which forced the RMJHL to fold. Nelson jumped to the KIJHL. Kimberley and Fernie outright joined the AWHL for the 1999-00 season and Kimberley left for the KIJHL in 2001, while Fernie moved to the North American Hockey League in 2003 before joining the KIJHL in 2004. Creston returned to hockey after one year off in 2000 with the KIJHL.
The Mowat Cup.
The Mowat Cup is the championship trophy of Junior A hockey in British Columbia. For 19 years, starting in 1981, the champion of the RMJHL was forced to square off against the champion of the British Columbia Hockey League for the right to face the Alberta Junior Hockey League champion in the Doyle Cup. In the end, the BCHL had a virtually spotless record against the RMJHL, winning all 19 Mowat Cups and compiling a record 48 wins and 1 loss in that time frame. In fact, until the 1999 Mowat Cup (the final year of the RMJHL's existence), no BCHL champion had ever lost a playoff game against a RMJHL champion. In the 1999 Mowat Cup, the Kimberley Dynamiters were able to snap the losing streak against the BCHL's Vernon Vipers before losing the series.
Champions.
From its founding until 1991, the league's champion was awarded the PCJHL Trophy. From 1992 until 1996, the league's champion was awarded the Citizen Cup. From 1997 until 1999, the league's champion was awarded the Subway/Eddie Mountain Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="18563404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563404" title="Seven Day Sonnet">
Seven Day Sonnet

Seven Day Sonnet is an American progressive rock group from Chicago, Illinois. In 2009 Seven Day Sonnet's debut album release "Reprisal" produced by Brett Hestla of Dark New Day and Creed was released. In 2010 they signed with California label BigTime Records. In 2011 their single release 'Hapless' broke top 40 on the Active Rock charts. They are currently writing new material and touring the US.
History.
The beginning.
After the disbandment of Ziel, Anthony, Jordon and Steve decided to rejoin to form a new Hard Rock group. Rick and Ben joined shortly after and began contributing to the writing process immediately. A two-song demo was released in November 2007, and was well received in the Chicago music community.
2008.
In March 2008, Seven Day Sonnet being playing their first shows. Drawing fans of different genres together, they began making an impact in Chicago and beyond. 7DS entered the studio in April 2008 to start tracking a new 3-song demo with Shea Villwock of Glasswall Productions. Production wrapped in early May, with the mastering of the demo done with Blaise Barton of JoyRide Studios in Chicago. To be released on July 18, 2008, the demo consists of "My Day Is Over," "Jamie" and "Ben's Blue Coat." Shortly after completion of the demo, Steve Floro was fired due to conflicts within the band, postponing original plans for a full length album. In July 2008 Dan Kashuck (Emetic, 7th Vial) was hired to fill the drumming position in the band.
2009.
Seven Day Sonnet entered the studio on February 16, 2009 to track their independent, debut full-length album "Reprisal" with producer Brett Hestla of Dark New Day and Creed fame. Brett was chosen due to "his experience with this type of music" according to Jordon. Album art was later created by friend and fellow Chicago musician David Scotney of the band Janus. The album was released on July 18, 2009 at famous Chicago venue, The Metro. 
Seven Day Sonnet spent the rest of 2009 hitting the Chicago scene hard and opening for various national acts on select dates including Lacuna Coil, Killswitch Engage, Disturbed, Attack Attack!, The Chariot and more.
2010.
In July 2010 Seven Day Sonnet signed with Robert Beadles and his California based label, BigTime Records. The band was then immediately flown out to California for a preliminary recording session with producer Sylvia Massy (Tool, System of a Down, Powerman 5000) and then to Chicago's Johnny K in October(Disturbed, Sevendust, Avenged Sevenfold)to record their 2011 singles.
Shortly after the Sylvia session, Jordon and the band split due to differences. Lead guitar duties are now held by the band's former guitar tech, Mike Scarlata.
2011.
Seven Day Sonnet is currently on tour with many house hold name bands. Their first single "Hapless" peaked at #36 on the active rock charts, and also hit #39 on the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks.
They are scheduled to release their full length album in early 2012. Their second single "Farewell to Good Days" has also cracked the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks, peaking at #38.

</doc>
<doc id="18563409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563409" title="J. Garber Drushal">
J. Garber Drushal

J. Garber Drushal (July 16, 1912 – December 3, 1982) was the eighth President of The College of Wooster, in Wooster, Ohio USA. He served as President from 1967–1977.
Life and career.
Born in Lost Creek, Kentucky, Drushal obtained his B.A. degree from Ashland College now known as Ashland University and his Ph. D. in Speech from The Ohio State University. He served as a Lieutenant (J.G.) in the United States Navy during World War II. He taught Speech and coached Debate at Wooster and became Dean of the Faculty in 1964 and Vice President for Academic Affairs in 1966. He became President of the College upon the death of Howard Lowry in July 1967. His tenure was marked by successful handling of campus unrest arising from protests against the Vietnam War and the Civil Rights movement. Drushal led the College's efforts to have a more diverse faculty and student body. 
Scholarship and honors.
Drushal published an article in The Journal of Higher Education in 1954 on independent study programs and published another in March 1968 entitled "Can the Churches Take Their Educational Responsibilities Seriously?" Drushal received an honorary doctorate from Wittenberg University in Ohio at Wittenberg's 1977 commencement ceremony. He was the president of the Ohio Communication Association from 1950-51 and the Executive Director of the Central States Communication Association from 1950 to 1953.
Wooster has honored Drushal by creating the J. Garber Drushal Distinguished Visiting Professor Position. The position was created in 1977 by the Wooster Board of Trustees to attract a visiting professor whose achievements are of high excellence to campus.
Drushal and his wife, Dorothy, were honored by their son Mike and his wife by an endowed a scholarship at their alma mater, Ashland College. Their sons, Doug, Rich, and Mike Drushal, and Rich's son, Rick, and daughter Ali all attended Wooster.
Publications.
With Robert H. Bonthius and F. James Davis, Drushal authored The Independent Study Program in the United States. (Columbia University Press, 1957)

</doc>
<doc id="18563419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563419" title="Fenouilia kreitneri">
Fenouilia kreitneri

Fenouilia kreitneri is a species of small freshwater snail with gills and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiopsidae.
Distribution.
This species is endemic to Erhai Lake, Yunnan Province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18563420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563420" title="Love Will Turn You Around (song)">
Love Will Turn You Around (song)

"Love Will Turn You Around" is a song performed and co-written by American country music singer Kenny Rogers. It was released in June 1982 as the first single and title track from Rogers' album of the same name. It is also the theme song to Rogers' 1982 film "Six Pack". Rogers wrote the song with Thom Schuyler, David Malloy and Even Stevens.
The song was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Male Country Vocal Performance. On the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart, the song reached number thirteen, while reaching number one on both the country and adult contemporary charts.
Critical reception.
Kip Kirby, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably, saying that Rogers "creates a sound similar to his First Edition work, with high-strung acoustic guitars backing a quick, unstrained vocal." He goes on to say that the song is notable for its "sharp metaphors on human relationships."

</doc>
<doc id="18563435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563435" title="George J. Whelan">
George J. Whelan

George J. Whelan (birth and death dates unknown) served as the eighth Mayor of San Francisco in from July 8 to November 15, 1856. He had been a lawyer and before serving as mayor. He actually was chosen mayor by justices of the peace who were acting as the County Board of Supervisors. His brief term was marred by the vigilance movement, Chinese immigration issues, collecting back taxes from the city's most prominent citizens of the day, and uncooperative elected officials. His last act as mayor was to give a farewell address in which members of the soon-to-be-inaugurated Burr administration refused to attend. 
During his term, the San Francisco City and County governments merged into one unit.
He would later return to practicing law.
San Francisco's least-documented mayor.
Whelan was the least-documented person ever to hold the office. No photographs or drawings of him are known to exist today. His name does not appear in any San Francisco city directories after 1860. For many years afterwards, many official listings of San Francisco officeholders refused to even acknowledge him as a former mayor. For example, the 1862–1863 volume of San Francisco's Municipal Reports list James Van Ness' successor as E.W. Burr – with an asterisk after Burr's name. In another example, Oscar Shuck's official listing of all San Francisco city officeholders up to 1894 mentions Whelan as once being president of the County Board of Supervisors – but not as mayor.
San Francisco District Attorney.
Whelan had served as District Attorney for San Francisco County.

</doc>
<doc id="18563440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563440" title="Nick Perri">
Nick Perri

Nick Perri (born: Nicholas B. Perri) is a professional lead guitarist, songwriter, producer-engineer, and business owner. He has played for Shinedown, Perry Farrell, Silvertide, Matt Sorum, Sinai, and Christina Perri. In 2009 Perri launched "Perri Ink. LLC" as a parent company for his future endeavors off stage. In 2011 the company's first product was debuted: boutique electric guitars. Later that year he started releasing instrumental singles under the moniker "Nick Perri Music", and on October 3 opened the doors to the Perri Ink. Cartel, his first retail store.
Personal life.
Perri grew up in Bensalem, Pennsylvania, a Philadelphia suburb with his younger sister, singer-songwriter Christina Perri, who wrote the song Jar of Hearts. He attended Father Judge High School for three years, and Bensalem High School for part of the fourth. During his time there, he was very involved in the theater department, and in his junior year at Judge, had the starring role in "The King and I". He married in 2011.
Career.
For the last eleven years, Perri has been playing, recording, and touring around the globe, and has bounced between living in Los Angeles and Philadelphia depending on the project.
In 2001, Perri co-founded the Philadelphia based blues-rock group, Silvertide. They released their first EP "American Excess" in 2002. Their first full album, "Show and Tell", was released in 2004. After completion of their debut album in 2003, Silvertide hit the road and toured straight until 2006, with bands such as Van Halen, Velvet Revolver, and Mötley Crüe.
Following the disbanding of Silvertide, Perri moved back to Los Angeles in 2007 and picked up a role as lead guitarist for Perry Farrell. After touring and playing with Farrell and Satellite Party for a year he left the group and took another lead guitarist role with the modern rock band Shinedown.
He stayed with them from 2008 through 2009 touring in support of the "The Sound of Madness" record. On December 18, 2008, Brent Smith announced via Shinedown's website that Perri would be leaving the band.
In 2009, Perri began a stint with drummer Matt Sorum. Perri and Sorum played throughout the year in Los Angeles and Las Vegas with a group called The Darling Stilettos.
In 2010 Perri moved back to Philadelphia, and with former Silvertide frontman Walt Lafty started a new rock band called Sinai. They spent over a year writing and recording music, and in February 2012, announced a full length album was finally on the way. The record, entitled "A Pinch of Chaos", was released on April 1 as a limited edition hard copy, and then worldwide via download on May 1.
Citing his love for custom guitars, custom motorcycles, tattoos, clothing, and old school barber shops as influences for the decision, In October 2011, Perri announced his return to Los Angeles to open the first "Perri Ink." retail store. The All-American boutique opened its doors for a soft opening on October 3, followed by a grand opening on November 11, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18563441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563441" title="Nayanova University">
Nayanova University

SMNU - Samara municipal Nayanova University, University in Samara
Address: Russia, 443001, Samara Oblast, Samara, Molodogvargejskaja St., 196
Nayanova university was founded in 1993 (1988).
The permanent rector of university, from the date of its foundation, is Najanova Marina Venediktovna.
The university teaches around 300 students and approximately 80 post-graduate students.
Official site is http://nayanova.edu/
The conception of education in the university is founded on the model of developing uninterrupted education. It includes 7 stages. Each of the stages corresponds to level of educational programs (preschool, primary school (1st-4th grades), primary continue (5th-7th grades), secondary education(Full school), the higher education, postgraduate study, doctoral studies). All the programs work out of the base of the state educational standards. Graduates of university besides the state high education diploma can receive the diploma in a speciality "An interpreter in sphere of professional communications".
All the lessons of the High Education Stage take place in the second housing of the university.
Due to uninterrupted education idea there are grades in marking university groups (e.g. "13 Г", means 2nd year student of the economical faculty (see below)) instead of year of education.
Like in school, marking the group with the letter means here belonging group to the corresponding faculty. It uses in high grades of school too (from 8th up to 11th grade).
Faculties, specialities, specialisations.
Faculty of mathematics and computer sciences (А).
The faculty was founded in 1993.
The faculty structure includes 3 departments:
Dean: Candidate of physical sciences and mathematical sciences Sokolovsky Valery Borisovich
Philosophical faculty (Б).
The faculty was founded in 1993.
The faculty structure includes 3 departments:
Dean: Candidate of philosophical sciences Styopkina Marina Vladimirovna
Chemical and biological faculty (В).
The faculty was founded in 1993.
The faculty structure includes 3 departments:
Dean: Candidate of biological sciences Sinitsky Andrey Viktorovich
Economical faculty (Г).
The faculty was founded in 1993.
The faculty structure includes 3 departments:
Dean: Candidate of economical sciences Zinoveva Olga Gennadevna
Faculty of law (Д).
The faculty was founded in 1993.
The faculty structure includes 3 departments:
Dean: Candidate of jurisprudence Nikishchenkova Maria Aleksandrovna
Faculty of foreign affairs (Е).
The faculty was founded in 2005.
The faculty structure includes department:
Dean: Candidate of philological sciences Somova Svetlana Vladimirovna
Tech-Management Faculty (У).
The faculty was founded in 2005.
The faculty structure includes 2 departments:
Dean: Candidate of engineering science Sigova Olga Borisovna
Theatrical faculty (Т).
The faculty was founded in 2008.
The faculty structure includes 2 departments:
Сorrespondence department.
The correspondence department of university have their lessons in the second housing of university.
There are education programs on economical and law faculties:
Postgraduate study.
On the present moment (July 2008) exist postgraduate studies departments with corresponding specialities to 5 faculties which was founded in 1993.
The postgraduate study department, as well as the high education stage is situated at the second housing of university.
University housings.
The First housing (I housing).
The housing have an address: Samara, Chapaevskaja st., 186. 
It is opposite to the Officers house (through Worker st.) on square of Kuibyshev on the contrary of the Samara academic theatre of opera and ballet.
The first housing do preparation of students on preschool and primary school (2nd and 3rd stages) (0 - 7 classes).
After transferring in the second housing the student selects specialisation of his educational program.
The Second housing (II housing).
The housing have an address: Samara, Molodogvardejskaya st., 196. 
It is on the side of street Molodogvardejsky closer to Volga between Ulyanovskaja st. and a student's lane, between Samara state architectural university and the dwelling of scientists.
In days of The Second World War in this building was hospital for evacuees № 3999 (look at photo) .
In this housing preprofile and profile stages of this educational model, high education department and postgraduate educational stages situated.
School stages (8-11 class-rooms) are situated on the first floor of the housing.
The high school department(12-15 (16) classes/groups) is situated on the second floor.
The Third housing (III housing).
The housing have an address: Samara, Molodogvardejskaya st., 135.
It is on the side of Molodogvardejskaja st. long-distance from Volga, on traverse with Ulyanovskaja st.
The university occupies a part of the ground floor of a building which is predominantly a block of flats.
Earlier having a lecture rooms, this housing has now exclusively administrative value.
Here the personnel department, office and accounting servise place.

</doc>
<doc id="18563444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563444" title="Wartmannsroth">
Wartmannsroth

Wartmannsroth is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18563448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563448" title="Trèves">
Trèves

Trèves may refer to:
France.
Trèves is the name or part of the name of several communes in France:

</doc>
<doc id="18563450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563450" title="Greg Meyer">
Greg Meyer

Greg Meyer (born September 18, 1955) is an American distance runner. He is the last American male to win the Boston Marathon.
Education.
Meyer is a 1973 graduate of Grand Rapids West Catholic High School. In 1977 he earned a degree in education and social studies from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, MI. In 1986 he earned a Master of Education degree from Boston University.
Personal Life.
Meyer was born in Grand Rapids, MI to parents Rita and Jay. He has one older sibling, Matthew Meyer. He met and married fellow runner Paula Lettis in 1980 while living in Boston and together they had three children, Nicolle (1981), Jacob (1983) and Daniel (1986)[http://www.mlive.com/grgallery/galleries/gallery.ssf?cgi-bin/view_gallery.cgi/mlive/view_gallery.ata?g_id=7287. He divorced in 2005 while living in Dexter, MI. 
Meyer resides near Rockford, MI, and since 2008 has served as Associate Vice President for Institutional Advancement at Aquinas College. Previously, Greg was employed from approximately 2000 through March 2007 by the University of Michigan as director of Major Gifts for the Greater Michigan Region,[http://www.umich.edu/~urecord/0506/Jul24_06/17.shtml] where he helped raise over $125 million for the university.
Sports career.
Meyer's winning time for the 1983 Boston Marathon race was 2:09.00. He set ten American Road Racing records and two world records, and won the River Bank Run, in his home town of Grand Rapids, seven times. 
"He held the American record for the ten mile run. On the track, he was a sub 4-minute miler (3:58.4), ran 8:26 for the 3,000 meter steeplechase, 13:35.44 for 5,000 meters, and 27:53.1 for the 10,000 meters (1983). Meyer's top-level performances deserve recognition. He set ten American road running records at the following distances: 8K, 10K, 15K, 25K, ten miles. Set two World Records in 1980 & 1981 in the 15K (Gasparilla 15K, Tampa, FL) and the (Cherry Blossom 10 Mile, Washington, D.C.) Some of Meyer's other accomplishments include United States Male Distance Runner of the Year 1983, being nominated for the James E. Sullivan Award (America's highest amateur award) 1983, and being inducted into the following Halls of Fame: ESPN Road Racing, Road Runners Club of American, and Grand Rapids Sports Hall of Fame. He also had victories at the following major races: Detroit Marathon (1980), Chicago Marathon (1982), Boston Marathon (1983), Cascade Run Off (1980), Cherry Blossom (1983), 25K River Bank Run (seven times), and the U.S. National Cross Country Champion (1978). He broke the American indoor 5,000 meter track record with a time of 13:41 at Harvard in 1981. Meyer was one of the founding members of A.R.R.A, which was the first athletic union of road racing athletes. In the early 1980s helped fight [for and win the right to earn prize money, starting with the Cascade Run Off in 1980. After many runners were banned from running T.A.C. events (now USAT&F) due to the "contamination rule" dealing with professionalism, T.A.C. instituted the TAC Trust system, which eventual lead to open competition and the prize money the athletes today enjoy…not to mention an open Olympic Games."
Quoted from National Distance Running Hall of Fame (with punctuation altered and linking added).
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18563467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563467" title="Wilhelm Wilmers">
Wilhelm Wilmers

Wilhelm Wilmers (b. at Boke in Westphalia, 30 January 1817; d. at Roermond, Netherlands, 9 May 1899) was a German Jesuit Professor of philosophy and theology.
Life.
He entered the Society of Jesus at Brieg in the canton of Valais, Switzerland, 1834, was expelled from the country with the other Jesuits in 1847, and ordained priest at Ay in Southern France, 1848. Shortly after, he taught philosophy at Issenheim in Alsace, then exegesis at the Catholic University of Leuven, theology at Cologne, philosophy at Bonn and Aachen and theology at Maria-Laach. 
In 1860 Cardinal Geissel requested Wilmer's services as theologian at the provincial council of Cologne. Wilmers also attended the First Vatican Council in 1870 as theologian of Bishop Leo Meurin, Vicar Apostolic of Bombay. 
After a brief residence at Bonn and Munster, he went to Ordrupshoj, near Copenhagen, where he wrote against the attacks of the Protestant preacher Martensen on the Catholic Church. This work was translated into Danish by the prefect Apostolic Hermann Grüder, and published under the latter's name with the title: "Det protestaniske og katholiske Trosprincip" (Copenhagen, 1875). 
In 1876 Wilmers was called by Cardinal Archbishop Louis Pie to the theological faculty of Poitiers. In 1880 he lectured on theology to the French Jesuits in Saint Helier, Jersey. Thenceforward he devoted himself entirely to writing, living first at Ditton Hall, England, and then at Exaeten in the Netherlands.
Works.
Besides the above treatise, Wilmers wrote: 
These treatises were frequently republished. His last works were "De religione revelata" and "De Christi ecclesia" (1897); he nearly finished the third volume of the series "De fide divine", which was published in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="18563473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563473" title="Rivoli Ballroom">
Rivoli Ballroom

The Rivoli Ballroom is the only intact 1950s ballroom remaining in London, England. It is famed for its original decor and interior fittings (red velvet, flock wallpaper, chandeliers, glitter balls and oversized Chinese lanterns) and is often used as a film location and plays host to many dance and musical events.
History.
The current building was originally the "Crofton Park Picture Palace" which opened in July 1913. It was designed by Henley Attwater with a simple barrel-vaulted auditorium. It became The Rivola Cinema in 1929. 
The last film there was shown on 2 March 1957 after which the building was converted to a dance hall by local businessman Leonard Tomlin. It reopened as The Rivoli on Boxing Day, 1959 with a large Canadian sprung maple dance floor. Further improvements were made with the addition of a Member's Bar in 1960. It is currently owned by Bill Mannix.
Style.
Exterior.
The Brockley Road frontage is based on an Art Deco elevation which dates from 1931. A broad flight of steps passes into a deep-recessed central foyer. Pilasters, topped with plasterwork urns, terminate the elevation and the frontage currently features two signs reading 'Dancing' and 'Tonight'.
Interior.
The ballroom comprises an eclectic mix of neo-classical, Deco and oriental motifs set within an exotic and luxuriant decorative scheme mainly dating from the 1950s. The main auditorium ceiling survives from the earlier cinema. From the off-street entrance steps a small foyer is reached featuring a raked floor and Deco-style marquetry panelling. The main motif is a geometric composition of intersecting curves in a shape with broad segmental top, tapering centre and curved base. The design is accentuated through the use of dark wood inlay and a diamond shape in the centre is picked out in glass or mirror. Although 1920s in inspiration, it is characteristic of the 1950s fashion for reviving the Deco aesthetic that had been unwillingly abandoned with the onset of WWII. 
The foyer leads directly into the ballroom, a large auditorium with a shallow barrel-vaulted ceiling, complete with raised viewing dais, stage, proscenium, fixed banquettes and a sprung maple dance floor. The decorative scheme is kitsch and flamboyant, the effect created through red velour padded walls with gilt picture-frame style panels and decorated pilasters, scallop-shaped lights, a red velour pelmet, French chandeliers and Chinese lanterns. 
Either side of the ballroom are two bars, running the length of the hall, one dating 1958 and the other of 1960. The right hand bar of 1958 features booths and tables with leather upholstery arranged similar to a railway-carriage. The bar at the end of the room has an tiled front of Arabesque interlaced patterns. Lighting is provided by exotic saucer-shaped lamps decorated with a mixture of Georgian and oriental patterns. The panelling motif established in the foyer is continued on various doors, to the ladies powder room and the gentleman's cloakroom for example, and there is also signage throughout the building some of which, to the 'Buffet' for example, appears to be contemporary with the late 1950s refurbishment. 
There is a second function room, dating from the late twentieth century, with a neo-classical decorative scheme with gilded Corinthian capitals, a modillion cornice and Adam-esque garlands along the beams which support a ceiling adorned with photographs of Old Master paintings; this room is not of special interest.
Venue usage.
It has found favour with pop video producers and style shoots - Tina Turner's "Private Dancer" video was shot there and rock band Oasis, pop group S Club 7, singer Charlotte Church, fashion model Kate Moss are some glitterati to make use of the venue for shoots. It is probably most famously remembered for its use in the 1983 Elton John video for the song "I Guess That's Why They Call It The Blues". 
Live music plays a part at the Rivoli regularly. Indie rock band The White Stripes played a gig there on 12 June 2007. Florence + The Machine played a live show there on 7 July 2009, which appears on the DVD packaged with the special edition box set of "Lungs", and returned there on 8 November 2012 for a Radio 2 Live In Concert broadcast. It is, however, more usual to find jive, rock and roll and swing bands making use of the ballroom.
Television host Justin Lee Collins also filmed his chat-show series "Good Times" there in March 2010. On 27 October 2010, Kings Of Leon performed a set for BBC Radio 1. The music video released for Lana Del Rey's promotional single, "Burning Desire", was filmed at the Rivoli Ballroom by Ridley Scott in 2013.
Listed building.
On 21 December 2007, the building was granted Grade II-listed status by English Heritage in response to press concern about a possible sale, which might have led to its closure and demolition.
The venue was listed for the following reasons:
In conclusion it was noted: "The Rivoli Ballroom is a highly unusual building which is of special architectural interest for its flamboyant interior and special historic interest for its rarity as a surviving 1950s dance hall in a former cinema."
Transport Connections.
The ballroom is located on Brockley Road, opposite Crofton Park National Rail station.

</doc>
<doc id="18563481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563481" title="Lake Hillier">
Lake Hillier

 
Lake Hillier, is a lake on Middle Island, the largest of the islands and islets that make up the Recherche Archipelago, Western Australia.
The most notable feature of the lake is its pink colour. It is such a significant distinguishing feature of the archipelago that air passengers often take note of it. The colour is permanent, and does not alter when the water is taken in a container. The length of the lake is about . The lake is surrounded by a rim of sand and a dense woodland of paperbark and eucalyptus trees with a narrow strip of sand dunes covered by vegetation separating it to the north from the Southern Ocean.
The lake is thought to have been first visited by the Flinders expedition in January 1802. Flinders observed the pink lake after ascending the island's peak. John Thistle, the ship's master, collected some of the lake's water, which he found to be saturated with salt. Although the source of the pink colour has not been definitively proven in the case of Lake Hillier, the pink colour of other salt lakes (e.g., Pink Lake) in the region arises from a dye created by the organisms "Dunaliella salina" and "Halobacteria". Another hypothesis is that the pink colour is due to red halophilic bacteria in the salt crusts.
Despite the unusual hue, the lake exhibits no known adverse effects upon humans. From above, the lake appears a solid bubble gum pink, but from the shoreline it appears more of a clear pink hue. The shoreline is also covered in salt crust deposits.

</doc>
<doc id="18563486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563486" title="Ricardo Serrano (athlete)">
Ricardo Serrano (athlete)

Ricardo Serrano (born 29 October 1980) is a Spanish long-distance runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres.
At the 2004 IAAF World Cross Country Championships he finished in 33rd place. Two years later, he managed only 65th place at the competition. He was the silver medallist at the 2006 European Cup 10000m in Antalya. He finished ninth over 10,000 m at the 2006 European Championships. He also competed at the 2007 World Road Running Championships. He did not compete much over the following seasons, but marked a return to international competition at the 2010 European Cross Country Championships and helped Spain to the team bronze medals. At the 2011 IAAF World Cross Country Championships he was 89th overall. His marathon debut followed later that year and he was sixth at the 2011 Berlin Marathon with a time of 2:13.32 hours. He again shared in the team bronze with Spain at the 2011 European Cross Country Championships.
At the 2012 European Clubs Cross Country he managed third place and led his club, Otsu Colibri Guadalajara, to second in the team rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="18563487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563487" title="Erwin Plein Nemmers Prize in Economics">
Erwin Plein Nemmers Prize in Economics

The Erwin Plein Nemmers Prize in Economics is awarded biennially from Northwestern University. It was initially endowed along with a companion prize, the Frederic Esser Nemmers Prize in Mathematics. Both are part a $14 million donation from the Nemmers brothers, who envisioned creating an award that would be as prestigious as the Nobel prize. Six of the award recipients (Aumann, Diamond, Hansen, McFadden, Prescott, and Sargent) have subsequently been awarded the Nobel Prize for Economics. The award is given to recognize "work of lasting significance" in the respective disciplines. In particular, the prizes recognize "major contributions to new knowledge or the development of significant new modes of analysis." 
Currently, the award carries a $200,000 stipend, believed to be the largest monetary prize for economics in the U.S., and the scholar spends 10 weeks in residence at Northwestern University.

</doc>
<doc id="18563519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563519" title="Eye (Centaur Publications)">
Eye (Centaur Publications)

The Eye is a fictional comic book character created by Frank Thomas and published by Centaur Publications. The character had no origin story, and existed only as a giant, floating, disembodied Eye, wreathed in a halo of golden light. This super powerful being was obsessed with the concept of justice, and existed to encourage average people to do what they could to attain it for themselves. If the obstacles proved too great, the Eye would assist its mortal charges by working miracles. Time and space meant nothing to The Eye and it existed as a physical embodiment of man's inner conscience.
Publishing history.
The Eye appeared in the pages of Centaur's "Keen Detective Funnies" from December 1939 to September 1940, in a feature entitled "The Eye Sees." This run, which began with the book's 16th issue, continued in until the title folded after its 24th issue (September, 1940). Following its run in "Keen Detective", Centaur promoted The Eye to its own book, "Detective Eye", which ran for two issues in November and December 1940 before folding as well.
Golden age appearances.
All told, the Eye had eleven golden age appearances. They included
Reprints.
In 1987, Michael T. Gilbert included one of the original Centaur Publications Eye stories in the first issue his two-part anthology comic, Mr. Monster's Hi-Shock Schlock. This comic was the sixth of eight "Super-Duper Specials" published by Eclipse Comics in which Gilbert's Mr. Monster would introduce forgotten gold and silver age short stories which had not seen a reprint.
Revivals.
In 1992, Malibu Comics revived several Centaur heroes — which by that time had lapsed into public domain — as the superhero team, The Protectors. A reworked version of the Eye appeared as a supporting character throughout the 20-issue series' run until it was canceled in 1994. According to Malibu, the series was canceled (along with the rest of the "Genesis" titles) so that they could focus more on the "Ultraverse" line.

</doc>
<doc id="18563551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563551" title="Estíbaliz Urrutia">
Estíbaliz Urrutia

Estíbaliz Urrutia González (born 22 February 1970 in Bilbao) is a retired Spanish long-distance runner who specialized in the 5000 metres.
She finished tenth in 3000 metres at the 1997 World Indoor Championships and thirteenth in 5000 metres at the 1998 European Championships. She also competed one edition of the World Cross Country Championships.
Her personal best times are:
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18563555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563555" title="Timber (Berkshire cricketer)">
Timber (Berkshire cricketer)

Timber (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 10 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1792 to 1795.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Berkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18563563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563563" title="Goad (disambiguation)">
Goad (disambiguation)

Goad may refer to:
As a surname:

</doc>
<doc id="18563566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563566" title="Mercedes (car)">
Mercedes (car)

Mercedes was a brand of the Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft (DMG). DMG began to develop in 1900, after the death of its co-founder, Gottlieb Daimler. Although the name was not lodged as a trade name until 23 June 1902 and had to wait until 26 September to be registered legally, the brand name eventually would be applied to an automobile model built by Wilhelm Maybach to specifications by Emil Jellinek that was delivered to him on 22 December 1900. By Jellinek's contract, the new model contained a newly designed engine designated "Daimler-Mercedes". This engine name is the first instance of the use of the name, Mercedes, by DMG. The automobile model would later be called, the "Mercedes 35 hp".
Emil Jellinek was an Austrian diplomat based in Nice, ran a profitable business selling cars, and, as a racing enthusiast, had been racing DMG automobiles under the pseudonym "Mercédès", after his daughter, Mercédès Jellinek. Later he contracted with DMG for a small series of dedicated sports cars containing an engine that officially bore his daughter's name. He raced them very successfully, gaining recognition that increased interest in customers and Jellinek was placed on the board of directors of DMG. This model was a significant advancement in the history of automobiles. The model was released for sale in 1901 under the name of Mercedes 35 hp and, because of the success of the model, DMG began to apply the name as a series to other models such as, "Mercedes 8/11 hp" and "Mercedes 40 hp Simplex". Jellinek seems to have become obsessed with the name and even had his name changed to Jellinek-Mercedes. Maybach quit DMG in 1907 and started up his own business.
The name, Mercedes, later was used to represent DMG in another new brand name, "Mercedes-Benz", created in 1926 when it was applied to all vehicles produced by the new company, Daimler-Benz AG, resulting from the merger of Benz & Cie. and Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft in that year. The last name of Karl Benz was retained in the new brand, but since DMG had sold exclusive licences to foreign companies, they couldn't use the name of their founder, Daimler, legally in all countries and decided to use the name of their most popular model. Since Jellinek was a member of the board of directors by the time of the merger, the name was promoted for continued good luck to the new company.
History of the beginning of the Mercedes series.
Mercedes was a brand in the Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft (DMG) which began to develop in 1901, after the death of its co-founder, Gottlieb Daimler.
On 30 March 1900, few weeks after the death of Gottlieb Daimler, Wilhelm Bauer decided spontaneously to enter the "Nice-La Turbie" hill climb but crashed fatally after hitting a rock on the first turn while avoiding spectators. This caused DMG to abandon racing.
Nonetheless, Emil Jellinek came to an agreement with DMG on 2 April 1900 by promising the large sum of 550,000 Goldmark if Wilhelm Maybach would design a revolutionary sports car for him, later to be called the "Mercedes 35 hp", of which 36 units had to be delivered before 15 October. The contract also included an order for 36 standard DMG 8 hp cars. Jellinek soon became a member of the "DMG" "Board of Management" and obtained the exclusive dealership for the model—that would become the new "Mercedes 35 hp"—for France, Austria, Hungary, Belgium, and United States of America. The first one was not delivered to Jellinek until 22 December, however.
Jellinek laid down strict specifications for the new model stating "I don't want a car for today or tomorrow, it will be the car of the day after tomorrow". He itemized many new parameters to overcome the problems found in many of the ill-designed "horseless carriages" of the time which made automobiles unsuitable for high speeds and at risk of overturning:
A new engine, developed for the model, would be called the "Daimler-Mercedes" engine, officially, which the DMG chairman accepted readily as it overcame the problem of the Daimler name in France being owned by Panhard & Levassor.
Over the next few months, Jellinek oversaw the development of the new car—at first by daily telegrams—and later by traveling to Stuttgart. He took delivery of the first one on 22 December 1900, at Nice's railway station—it had already been sold to the Baron Henry of Rothschild, who also had raced cars in Nice.
In 1901, the car amazed the automobile world. Jellinek again won the Nice races, easily beating his opponents in all the capacity classes and reaching 60 km/h. The director of the French Automobile Club, Paul Meyan, stated: ""We have entered the Mercedes era"", a sentiment echoed by newspapers worldwide.
The records set by the new Mercedes 35 hp model amazed the entire automobile world. DMG's sales shot up, its Stuttgart plant was operating at full capacity, and it was consolidating its future as an automobile manufacturer—rather than merely an engine manufacturer who built some automobiles. The number of employees steadily increased from 340 in 1900 to 2,200 in 1904.
"Mercedes" was not lodged as a trade name for DMG automobile models until 23 June 1902, but soon the company decided to use the name as the trade name for its entire line of automobile models—and officially registered it on 26 September 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="18563580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563580" title="Kinara (1977 film)">
Kinara (1977 film)

Kinara is a 1977 Hindi film by Gulzar. A major portion of the film was shot in Mandu, an ancient fort city in Madhya Pradesh.
Synopsis.
Inder (Jeetendra) is a well-off person working along with his uncle (Shreeram Lagoo) as an architect. His uncle is a fan of famous dancer Aarti Sanyal (Hema Malini). Whilst playing snooker against his uncle, Jeetendra loses the game and his uncle asks him to join him at Aarti Sanyal's concert. On the way to the concert, Inder meets with a near fatal accident. 
One day his uncle suggests him to go to Mandu to see the architectural beauty there. He meets Hemamalini there and learns soon that she is the famous dancer Aarti Sanyal. She tells him that she has quit dancing since 6 months and her grandfather tells him that it is because of an incident that shook her life. Soon, they become more friendly and she ends up telling about her love Chandan (Dharmendra) who calls her Tikoo with love. Her only dream is to publish a historical book written by Dharmendra. She tells him that 6 months ago, he died in a car accident on way to her concert. Inder is surprised by this revelation and asks her where the accident exactly took place. He realises that it was his accident in which the person in the oncoming vehicle died. Exremely upset, he calls up his uncle and asks him why this was withheld from him. As his stay in Mandu continues, Aarti cries remembering her past. Inder cannot hold it further and tells her that he was in the accident in which her Chandan had died. She becomes extremely upset. She tries to snatch Chandan's book from his hand saying that she needs no sympathy from him. In the confusion of trying to take the book, she falls of stairs and sustains injuries. 
He tries to meet her, but her grandfather tells him that she hates to even hear his name and they leave in the wee hours of the morning.
He goes back to his home where his uncle advises him to leave her alone if it is only because of sympathy on her. But if he has fallen in love with her, then he should try to win her. Inder explains to his uncle that he went to her grandfather's house (the address given in the hotel register at Mandu) but no one was there. His uncle asks his secretary to call up clinics to find out if any lady has come for treatment. They finally find the clinic where Aarti is. Inder goes there where she has undergone eye surgery. The doctor removes the eye bandage but Aarti loses her eyesight. Inder talks to her mother and she asks her mother if it is Inder. The doctor lies and tells her that it is his friend Prakash. 
Inder as Prakash goes regularly to her home and supports her. He takes her out to church to pray and also helps her get back to her dancing skills. He arranges for her show to be performed where he supports her during her dance. She uses the money which she earned from the concert to try to publish Chandan's book. She gives the book to publisher,finding it empty the publisher tells her that the book she has given is empty. She goes home where Inder comes and tells her that he has brought a surprise for her. She asks him whether it is Chandan's book as only Inder knew about Chandan's death anniversary and Prakash wouldn't know about it. She tells him that he snatched everything from her. Chandan, her eyesight and her only dream of publishing Chandan's book.She tells him to leave. As days go by, Aarti realises she is still stuck to her past. She goes to the same church with her grandfather where she meets Inder again. She asks for his forgiveness and explains to him that she always tried to live in her past. She tells him that she never realised how much Inder has been an important part of her life. Both Inder and Aarti unite.
Box office.
Kinara was well received by the masses as well as the critics.
References.
1. Chatterjee, Saibal (2007) - Echoes and Eloquences, The Life and Cinema of Gulzar, Rupa & Co. ISBN 978-81-291-1235-4.

</doc>
<doc id="18563581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563581" title="Terrorism in the United Kingdom">
Terrorism in the United Kingdom

Terrorism in the United Kingdom, according to the Home Office, poses a significant threat to the state. 1834 people were arrested in the United Kingdom from September 2001 to December 2009 in connection with terrorism, of which 422 were charged with terrorism-related offences and 237 were convicted. The British state and its security forces took part in terrorism in Northern Ireland.
Banned organisations.
The British government has designated 58 organisations as terrorist and banned them. 44 of these organisations were banned under the Terrorism Act of 2000. Two of these were also banned under the Terrorism Act of 2006 for "glorifying terrorism." The other fourteen organisations operate (for the most part) in Northern Ireland, and were banned under previous legislation.
International organizations.
International organisations the government has designated as terrorist and banned are:
Irish organisations.
Irish organisations the British government has banned are:
Terrorist Incidents in the United Kingdom.
There have been many historically significant terrorist incidents within the United Kingdom, from the Gunpowder Plot of 1605 to the various attacks related to The Troubles of Ireland. In recent history, the UK security services have focused on the threat posed by radical Islamic militant organisations within the UK, such as the cell responsible for the 7 July 2005 London bombings.
Profile of a British terrorist.
A "restricted" 12 June 2008 MI5 analysis of "several hundred individuals known to be involved in, or closely associated with, violent extremist activity" concludes that British terrorists "are a diverse collection of individuals, fitting no single demographic profile, nor do they all follow a typical pathway to violent extremism".
Around half were born in the United Kingdom, the majority are British nationals and the remainder, with a few exceptions, are here legally. Most UK terrorists are male, but women are often aware of their husbands', brothers' or sons' activities. While the majority are in their early to mid-20s when they become radicalised, a small but not insignificant minority first become involved in violent extremism at over the age of 30. Those over 30 are just as likely to have a wife and children as to be loners with no ties. MI5 says this challenges the idea that terrorists are young Muslim men driven by sexual frustration and lured to "martyrdom" by the promise of beautiful virgins waiting for them in paradise.
Those involved in British terrorism have educational achievement ranging from total lack of qualifications to degree-level education. However, they are almost all employed in low-grade jobs.
Far from being religious zealots, a large number of those involved in terrorism do not practise their faith regularly. Many lack religious literacy and could actually be regarded as religious novices. Very few have been brought up in strongly religious households, and there is a higher than average proportion of converts. Some are involved in drug-taking, drinking alcohol and visiting prostitutes. The report claims a well-established religious identity actually protects against violent radicalisation, while the influence of clerics in radicalising British terrorists has reduced in recent years.
Counter-terrorism.
"The Sun" newspaper obtained a leaked memo from the British government, originally dating 17 January, in late January 2007 detailing a proposed plan to place X-ray cameras in lampposts to see through clothes and identify terrorists. The memo says Home Office officials believe "detection of weapons and explosives will become easier... The social acceptability of routine intrusive detection measures and the operational response required in the event of an alarm are likely to be limiting factors." The Home Office did not comment on the memo.

</doc>
<doc id="18563588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563588" title="Terrorism in the United States">
Terrorism in the United States

A common definition of terrorism is the systematic use or threatened use of violence to intimidate a population or government and thereby effect political, religious, or ideological change. This serves as a list and compilation of acts of terrorism, attempts of terrorism, and other such items pertaining to terrorist activities within the domestic borders of the United States.
Attacks by type.
Right-wing terrorism.
Islamic extremism.
Refer to the following link for this list. 

</doc>
<doc id="18563637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563637" title="Bon Savants">
Bon Savants

Bon Savants is an American indie rock band formed in Boston, Massachusetts. 
Consisting of lead singer and guitarist Thom Moran, guitarist Kevin Haley, bassist David Wessel, and drummer Andrew Dole, they have been nominated for two awards in the Boston Music Awards (Best Pop Act and Best Local Male Vocalist).
Although their debut EP "Post Rock Defends the Nation" suggests a post-rock sound, the band has been classified as shoegaze with a soothing, sweet, literate sound.
History.
The first origins of Bon Savants began with Kevin Haley and Thom Moran in the mid-1990s while living in Frankfurt, Germany. Upon returning to the United States in 1997, they began to record songs about their experiences in post-Cold War Germany. In 2003, bassist David Wessel joined the band, and named themselves the Bon Savants ("good scientists" in French). While playing small live shows in and around Boston (Moran was and still is a part-time rocket scientist at MIT), they rotated drummers until finally adding the drummer Andrew Dole as a permanent member. They released their first album "Post Rock Defends the Nation" without a label in 2006. The album was mixed by Bill Racine (who worked with Rogue Wave, Phantom Planet, and The Flaming Lips).

</doc>
<doc id="18563659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563659" title="Teresa Recio">
Teresa Recio

Maria Teresa Recio (born 7 July 1963 in Villares de la Reina) is a retired Spanish long-distance runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres and cross-country running.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18563670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563670" title="Thompson (Berkshire cricketer)">
Thompson (Berkshire cricketer)

Thompson (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 11 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1785 to 1794.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Berkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18563681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563681" title="Omar Bradley (politician)">
Omar Bradley (politician)

Omar Bradley (born May 9, 1958) was the mayor of Compton from 1993 until 2001.
Biography.
Omar Bradley grew up in Compton, California. As an adult, he stayed in the neighborhood and taught high school before entering politics.
In 1991, Bradley defeated Pedro Pallan to become City Councilman for the 1st District of Compton. Despite winning the race decisively with 2,904 votes over Pallan's 1,577, Bradley adopted a very conciliatory tone, when he said, "My first priority is to extend the olive branch to the Latino community, find out what they lack in city services and find out how to meet them." 
Just two years later in the spring of 1993, Bradley faced off against Councilwoman Patricia A. Moore for the city's top job. In a bitterly fought runoff campaign, Bradley received just 349 votes over Moore to replace the outgoing Mayor Walter R. Tucker III. Immediately upon taking office, Bradley stirred controversy. During his campaign he had garnered the support of many Latino voters with the promise that if he were elected mayor, he would appoint a Latino to replace him on the council. It was generally assumed that he would appoint his former opponent Pallan, who was the first Latino in Compton to qualify for a run-off election. On the night of the presumed appointment, Bradley joined two other council members to appoint political newcomer Ronald Green, an African American instead.
That fall, comments he made regarding the violence in rap videos angered members of the Jewish community. When gangster rapper Eazy-E was seeking permission to film a music video in Compton, Bradley scolded him during a council meeting by saying that he was being exploited by a "specific ethnic group" that was "having a bar mitzvah at the same time." On October 13, 1993 he held a press conference with Eazy-E to announce his approval of the music video and to apologize for his previous remarks. 
In 2001, Bradley narrowly lost his bid for re-election to a third term to political novice Eric J. Perrodin.
Controversies.
After leaving office, Bradley was investigated and convicted of misappropriating public funds during his tenure as City Mayor. Bradley was convicted of using a city-issued credit card to pay for golf rounds, hotel rooms, clothing and in-room movies, among other things. He was convicted of taking cash advances for city business expenses and then charging those items to his city credit cards and pocketing the money. Bradley charged over $ 3,800 in personal expenses on his City credit card, double-billed the City over $ 3,700 and in addition failed to return travel advances for two conferences that the jury could infer he failed to attend. The district attorneys office alleged that Bradley misspent closer to $19,000.
City Manager John D. Johnson II and council member Amen Rahh were convicted on similar charges of misappropriating public funds and were sentenced to prison. 
On May 14, 2004 Bradley was sentenced to three years in state prison on felony corruption charges. Bradley served his time in a halfway house, from which he was allowed to leave five days a week to work in a job-training program for the developmentally disabled in Carson, California. Bradley was released in August 2005 because he had served jail time while awaiting trial.
Bradley's corruption conviction was overturned by an appeals court in August 2012.
2013 Campaign for Mayor of Compton.
Omar Bradley is running for mayor of Compton, Ca in 2013. The primary nominating election on April 2013 was close. Bradley came in second in with 25.5% of the vote after Aja Brown who had 27.8 percent of the vote beating incumbent mayoral candidate Eric J. Perrodin who obtained only 24.5% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18563695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563695" title="Analídia Torre">
Analídia Torre

Analídia Torre (born 10 October 1976 in Portela Susa) is a retired Portuguese long-distance runner who specialized in cross-country running.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18563718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563718" title="Bartolomé Serrano">
Bartolomé Serrano

Bartolomé Serrano (born 5 March 1969) is a retired Spanish long-distance runner who specialized in the half marathon.
He finished fourteenth at the 1998 World Half Marathon Championships in a personal best time of 1:01:43 hours.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18563722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563722" title="Australian Philatelic Federation">
Australian Philatelic Federation

The Australian Philatelic Federation is the peak National body of organised philately in Australia. It is a federation of the seven State organisations (ACT Philatelic Council, 
Philatelic Association of NSW Inc, The Queensland Philatelic Council, the South Australian Philatelic Council, The Tasmanian Stamp Council, The Victorian Philatelic Council, and The Western Australian Philatelic Council (Inc.) ) whose members, in turn, are representatives of local clubs and societies, stamp dealers and in some cases representatives of Australia Post. 
The Federation is a member of the Federation Internationale de Philatelie (FIP) and the Federation of Inter-Asian Philately (FIAP).
Responsibilities.
The Federation is responsible for the organization of National competitive philatelic exhibitions and participation in international exhibitions through its affiliations. As well, it is responsible for the promotion of organised philately nationally, and representation to Australia Post on their promotion and stamp-issuing policy. 
The APF trains and accredits philatelic judges at the National level within Australia.
The President is Gary Brown (of Victoria) and Secretary is Ian McMahon (ACT).
Mission statement.
The published mission of the Australian Philatelic Federation is: 
"to grow organised philately within Australia and provide international representation for that body of collectors;"
"to function as the National controlling body for organised philately in Australia; to act as the voice of organised philately in Australia;" 
"to represent the interests of organised philately, positively and effectively, to community and government organisations;" 
"to represent Australian organized philately to international philatelic federations and other major international philatelic organisations;" 
"to promote and encourage an increasing understanding of the art and science of philately among stamp collectors; &"
"to increase the popular awareness of stamp collecting as an interesting, rewarding and educative hobby."

</doc>
<doc id="18563726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563726" title="Jalan Utama Berakas">
Jalan Utama Berakas

Jalan Utama Berakas is a dual carriageway divided road in Brunei-Muara District, Brunei. The road passes through the town of Lambak Kanan in Berakas. The speed limit on the entire stretch is 80 km/h.
Junction list.
! scope=col|"Mukim"
! scope=col|Location
! scope=col|KM
! scope=col|Destinations
! scope=col|Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18563752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563752" title="Neil Dombrowski">
Neil Dombrowski

Neil Dombrowski (born March 19, 1984 in West Allis, Wisconsin) is an American soccer player, who last played for the Portland Timbers of the USL First Division.
Youth.
Dombrowski, one of four brothers who play professional soccer, grew up in Wisconsin, attending Nathan Hale High School. In high school, he was three time All Conference and led his team in scoring as a senior. He then attended the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee, playing on the men’s soccer team from 2002 to 2005. He played a total of 83 games over his four-year career, leading the team in goals and points his senior season.
Professional.
In 2005, Dombrowski spent the collegiate off season with the Chicago Fire Premier of the fourth division Premier Development League. In 2006, the Milwaukee Wave of the Major Indoor Soccer League selected Dombrowski in the first round (seventh overall) in the MISL Draft, but he did not sign with the Wave. Instead, on April 11, 2006, he signed with the Rochester Raging Rhinos of the USL First Division. In 2007, he moved to the Portland Timbers. He played nineteen games, but suffered a season ending knee injury on August 26. He was a regular with the Timbers in 2008, but did not sign with the team in 2009.
Personal.
Neil is one of the Dombrowski brothers, all of whom are also pro soccer players: Scott Dombrowski, Zeke Dombrowski, Tighe Dombrowski and Chad Dombrowski.

</doc>
<doc id="18563764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563764" title="List of ship launches in 1876">
List of ship launches in 1876

The list of ship launches in 1876 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1876.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18563765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563765" title="List of ship commissionings in 1876">
List of ship commissionings in 1876

The list of ship commissionings in 1876 includes a chronological list of all ships commissioned in 1876.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18563768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563768" title="List of ship decommissionings in 1876">
List of ship decommissionings in 1876

The list of ship decommissionings in 1876 includes a chronological list of all ships decommissioned in 1876.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18563770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563770" title="List of shipwrecks in 1876">
List of shipwrecks in 1876

The list of shipwrecks in 1876 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="18563784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563784" title="Greg Patton">
Greg Patton

Greg Patton (born 1952) is a tennis coach, both nationally and at a collegiate level. He currently leads the nationally ranked Boise State University men's tennis program as their head coach. His career record at Boise State is 203-67. At Boise State, he has won seven conference championships in nine seasons in four different conferences (Big Sky, Big West, Western Athletic Conference, Mountain West).
His overall college coaching record is 554-260.
Patton is also a veteran coach in the World TeamTennis ranks. He was the head coach of the St. Louis Aces, whose roster includes Andy Roddick.
He lives in Boise, ID with his wife, Christa, who was an adjunct French Professor at Boise State, and two children, Chelsea and Garrett. Garrett is currently on the BSU Tennis Team.
As a player.
Greg Patton played his collegiate tennis at UC-Santa Barbara in 1972-73 and 1973-74.
Coaching history.
Patton began his coaching career at his alma mater, UC-Santa Barbara, where he coached in 1976-77 and 1977-78. He also coached at CSU Bakersfield one season (1978–79) before beginning his 13 year stint at UC Irvine.
National coach.
From 1984 through 1987 he served as the Head Junior National Coach with the USA Junior National Team that included Pete Sampras, Jim Courier, Michael Chang, Patrick McEnroe, Luke Jensen, David Wheaton and MaliVai Washington.
Locally and nationally, Patton is popularly credited with putting Boise State on the American collegiate tennis map. When he first joined the Broncos, Boise State had not won a conference tennis title since 1974. Coach Patton changed things quickly – winning Big Sky trophies in 1993, 1994, 1995 and 1996. He then led the Broncos to their fifth consecutive league title in 1997, which was a Big West trophy. That same season, Boise State was ranked as high as second in the nation, went to the Sweet 16 in the NCAA Tournament and finished fifth.
He moved full-time to U.S. national team coaching duties when he first left Boise State in 1998, coaching primarily at the junior level. In winter of 2002-03, he led the National boys 14's team to a World Junior Cup Championship, beating teams from Spain and Argentina to take the title. He has coached several junior players to finish in the top five in the world rankings. Before coaching for U.S.A. Tennis on a full-time basis, Patton had coached with junior national teams for several years.
Back to Boise.
Patton returned for a second Boise State tour in March 2003 and marked that comeback with a bang that led to a trophy – the 2003 Western Athletic Conference Championship. Patton took over a team that was 5-5 and led the Broncos to a 13-3 run and three consecutive upsets (over Tulsa, Rice and SMU) to win the WAC Championship and then a first-round NCAA Tournament upset over Arizona before being stopped in the round of 32 by California. The Broncos celebrated the season with a final ranking of 34th, one region honoree (senior Marcus Berntson), and two All-WAC honorees (Berntson and junior Guillaume Bouvier).
In his 28 years of collegiate coaching, Coach Patton has led his teams to 17 Conference Titles. In his second season back at Boise State (2003–2004), Coach Patton lead the Broncos to a 24-8 record, and third place finish in the WAC, and a National ranking that hovered between 30 and 45th in the nation. The final ranking was 45th. Boise State was ranked #1 in the Mountain Region and qualified as the regional representative in the National Team Indoor Championships. Senior Guillaume Bouvier earned a Singles All American Honor by reaching the round of 16 at the NCAA Championships. This past season (2004–2005), the Broncos under Coach Patton's leadership won the WAC Conference for the second time in the past three years, earned a berth to the NCAA National Team Championships where they defeated North Carolina before losing to Texas A&M. The final national ranking for the Broncos was 31st in the nation with a 31-8 record. Freshman Luke Shields was named an All American in singles and doubles. Partner Thomas Schoeck earned All American Honors in doubles. They finished the season ranked 8th in the nation. Luke was named Freshman of the Year by the Mountain Region (Region VII). Team Captain, Beck Roghaar was honored with the Regional Arthur Ashe Sportsmanship/Leadership Award.
(first time that USA has won this international team event) August, 2002
Led Boise State to top 20 National Rankings during these six years and as high as #2 in Division I
Won Big Sky and Big West conference Titles (5 out of 6 seasons)
Reached Championships of World Team Tennis in Three Seasons.
Led UC Irvine to top 20 National Ranking in 10 out of 13 Seasons and as high #2 in Division I
Won Big West Conference Title 9 out of 13 Seasons
Named Big West Conference Coach of the Year - 1981, 1983, 1985, 1987, 1988 (Five Awards)
Including UC Santa Barbara (1977–1978) and Cal State Bakersfield (1979)
World TeamTennis.
Patton is currently the head coach of the WTT St. Louis Aces. He also coached the Idaho Sneakers from 1994 through 1997 and the Newport Beach Dukes from 1990 through 1993. He was named the WTT Coach of the Year in 1993 and 1995. Three of Coach Patton’s World TeamTennis Teams reached the Championship Match. Players who have played for Coach Patton in World TeamTennis have been Robby Ginepri, Sargis Sargisian, Ricky Leach, Amy Frazier, Zina Garrison, Andy Ram, Jonathon Erlich, as well as Andy Roddick. He has served on numerous NCAA and ITA Committees and is currently a member of the ITA Division I Tennis Operating Committee, representing the Mountain Region.
2008 Coach of World TeamTennis team the St. Louis Aces.
Davis Cup.
Greg has also been credited with bringing the Davis Cup to Boise.
Awards.
Before moving to Idaho in the fall of 1992, Greg coached at UC Irvine from 1979 through 1992. With the Anteaters, Patton led his teams to nine Big West championships and 10 top-25 final national rankings. He was named NCAA Coach of the Year in 1987, and was a five-time Big West Coach of the Year with the Anteaters.
Greg Patton was named Big Sky Coach of the Year in 1993, 1994, 1995 and 1996. 1997 was a big year for Greg, being named Big West Coach of the Year, awarded the USTA/NCAA National Community Service Award and named the NCAA National Men's Coach of the Year in 1997. Coach Patton was once again awarded the USTA/NCAA National Community Service Award in 2003. Thus Coach Patton has accomplished an unprecedented accomplishment by being awarded the National Collegiate Coach of the Year twice (in 1987 and then in 1997) as well as being named the National Community Service Award twice (in 1997 and 2003). In the first seven years he coached at Boise State, the Broncos were ranked in the top 35 in the final national rankings three times (1997, 1996 and 1995). He was inducted in the UC Irvine Athletic Hall of Fame in 2000. In 2004 Coach Patton was named the Mountain Region Coach of the Year. This past season, Coach Patton was named the 2005 WAC Coach of the Year.
Motivational speaker.
Patton is also a motivational speaker.

</doc>
<doc id="18563789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563789" title="Appeal-Democrat Park">
Appeal-Democrat Park

Appeal-Democrat Park (formerly known as Bryant Field and later as All Seasons RV Stadium) is a stadium in Marysville, California, USA. Its name reflects a sponsorship deal with the local newspaper, the Appeal-Democrat. The stadium is primarily used for baseball and is the home field of the Marysville Gold Sox, formerly named the Yuba-Sutter Gold Sox, of the Horizon Air Summer Series, a collegiate woodbat league. The ballpark has a capacity of 4,000 people. Located on the corner of 14th & B Streets, the stadium has the look and feel of an old-time ballpark with its brickwork trim, sunken dugouts, and outfield wall adorned with billboards.

</doc>
<doc id="18563807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563807" title="Southern Oceans Seabird Study Association">
Southern Oceans Seabird Study Association

The Southern Oceans Seabird Study Association (SOSSA) is an Australian natural history research and conservation organisation. It is based in Wollongong, New South Wales. It was formally established in 1994 by members of the New South Wales Albatross Study Group Lindsay Smith and Harry Battam to be an umbrella organisation for groups involved with biological research on, and concerned about the environment of, the Southern Ocean. However, its origins go back to the start of long-term banding studies of albatrosses by Doug Gibson and Allan Sefton on the coast of New South Wales in the mid-1950s, with SOSSA continuing one of the longest-running albatross research programs in the world. 
SOSSA is also involved in research and conservation of Little Penguins in New South Wales, making its data sheets available to the NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service and being represented on their Little Penguin Recovery Team.
SOSSA operates monthly public pelagic trips from Wollongong to see seabirds and marine mammals. Projects supported by SOSSA include studies of "Diomedea" and "Thalassarche" albatrosses, Sooty Oystercatchers, cuttlefish, and the Five Islands Nature Reserve off Port Kembla.

</doc>
<doc id="18563832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563832" title="Jean-Baptiste Chavannes">
Jean-Baptiste Chavannes

Jean-Baptiste Chavannes was born in 1947 in Haiti. Educated as an agronomist, he founded the Peasant Movement of Papay (MPP) in 1973 to teach Haitian principles of sustainable agriculture. The MPP has become one of the most effective peasant movements of Haiti's history, succeeding in terms of economic development, environmental protection and the survival of each.
Chavannes continues his work despite the political climate in Haiti, which remains unstable. He has been exposed to several assassination attempts during periods of political destabilization in Haiti. Death threats have forced into exile between 1993 and 1994. He received the Goldman Environment Prize in 2005 for his work on forest protection.

</doc>
<doc id="18563834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563834" title="List of active Royal Danish Navy ships">
List of active Royal Danish Navy ships

This is a list of the active vessels of the Danish Navy.
1st Squadron.
Division 19.
Has replaced two of the three "Agdlek" class cutters.
2nd Squadron.
MCM Denmark.
MCM Denmark is a container based mine countermeasures concept, which can be deployed on "Absalon"-, "Thetis"-, "Sea Supply"-, "Knud Rasmussen"- class, "HDMS Sleipner", chartered ships with container positions or ordinary trucks.
Vessels not organised in the squadrons.
Plus a variety of RHIBs, smaller vessels as well as several Ro/Ro-vessels on a permanent charter.
Naval Home Guard.
Though not a part of the Royal Danish Navy, Naval Home Guard vessels support the Danish Navy in a number of tasks.

</doc>
<doc id="18563842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563842" title="Tampereen Isku-Volley">
Tampereen Isku-Volley

Tampereen Isku-Volley is volleyball team from Finland. It is based on Tampere. It is founded 1911 when club know named Rantaperkiön Isku. Name changed to Tampereen Isku-Volley 1990s beginning.
History.
Isku-Volley is Finland volleyball league oldest team. It has played on the league over thirteen year. Played games are over nine hundred. That is biggest reading of the Finnish teams ever. Club has six Finland Champion, eight silver and six bronze medal. Finland Cup team has won third times. Last Finland league Champion is season 2005-2006.
Team.
Season 2008-2009.
Setters:
Middle-blockerst:
Wing-spikers:
Opposite:
Libero:

</doc>
<doc id="18563847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563847" title="Memorandum van een dokter">
Memorandum van een dokter

Memorandum van een dokter is a Dutch television series based on A. J. Cronin's stories about the fictional hero, Dr. Finlay. The series was broadcast from 1963 to 1965 and was directed by Peter Holland. It starred Bram van der Vlugt as Dr. Finlay, Rob Geraerds as Dr. Cameron, and Fien Berghegge as Janet.

</doc>
<doc id="18563850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563850" title="Guidance">
Guidance

Guidance may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18563863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563863" title="State Government Affairs Council">
State Government Affairs Council

The State Government Affairs Council (SGAC) was created in 1975 by government affairs executives of major corporations to provide support to several major United States non-governmental organizations, including the Council of State Governments, the National Conference of State Legislatures and the American Legislative Exchange Council.
SGAC always meets during major CSG and NCSL meetings, as well as it holds its own separate meetings. It is led by a president elected among its members to a one-year term and an Executive Director, who serves at the pleasure of its Executive Committee. 
SGAC Past Presidents and affiliation during term.
2006-07 - Katja Zastrow, Anheuser-Busch
2005-06 - Thomas Langan, Unilever
2004-05 - Janet Lamkin, California Bankers Association
2003-04 - Jeff Lane, Procter & Gamble
2002-03 - Maureen Riehl, National Retail Federation
2001-02 - Jean Cantrell, Circuit City
2000-01 - H. C. "Pete" Poynter, BellSouth
1999-00 - John Burke, Foodservice and Packaging Institute
1998-99 - Dennis Brown, Equipment Leasing Association
1997-98 - O. Keith Owen III, BP America
1996-97 - Evelyn Jarvis-Ferris, Shaklee Corporation
1995-96 - Michael A. Donahue, McDonald's Corporation
1994-95 - John H. Brown, Amway Corporation
1993-94 - D.J. "Jack" Brewer, Olin Corporation
1992-93 - Linda A. Adams, AT&T
1991-92 - John T. Gould, Jr., Unilever
1990-91 - Alan B. Smith, Nationwide Insurance
1989-90 - R. Parker Sherrill, HealthTrust
1988-89 - Freeman H. Smith, Corning Incorporated
1987-88 - Alan W. Koppes, Procter & Gamble
1986-87 - Wayne I. Campbell, NFIB
1977-78 - Robert J. Grimm, Avon Products, Inc.
1976-77 - W. Alan Luce, Tupperware
1975-76 - Charles S. Mack, CPC North America

</doc>
<doc id="18563878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563878" title="Antonio Serrano (athlete)">
Antonio Serrano (athlete)

Antonio Serrano Sánchez (born 8 March 1965 in La Solana, Ciudad Real) is a retired Spanish long-distance runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18563892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563892" title="Honolulu Printmakers">
Honolulu Printmakers

Honolulu Printmakers is a non-profit organization of Honolulu-based printmaking artists that operates a printing studio open to the community. It conducts public exhibitions, lectures, demonstration, workshops, and an outreach program in local intermediate and high schools. The organization holds an annual juried print exhibition.
The Honolulu Printmakers was established in 1928 by Charles W. Bartlett, John Melville Kelly, Huc-Mazelet Luquiens and Alexander Samuel MacLeod. It has developed the tradition of the “gift print”, a print commissioned for sale as a fundraiser at the organization’s exhibitions. The 75th anniversary of the organization was celebrated with a retrospective exhibition at the Honolulu Museum of Art and an accompanying catalogue, "A Tradition of Gift Prints". 

</doc>
<doc id="18563907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563907" title="Cuasso al Monte">
Cuasso al Monte

Cuasso al Monte is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about northeast of Varese. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,252 and an area of .
Cuasso al Monte borders the following municipalities: Arcisate, Besano, Bisuschio, Brusimpiano, Cugliate-Fabiasco, Marchirolo, Marzio, Porto Ceresio, Valganna.
Among the main industrial activities we remember : the Cava Bonomi ( red porfid stones) , Valceresio Costruzioni edili ( building industry) and the MESSEGUE fitness center .
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18563914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563914" title="Yüreğir">
Yüreğir

Yüreğir is a district in the Adana Province of Turkey. It lies east of the Seyhan River, south and west of Sarıçam and north of Yumurtalık. Large portion of the district is within the city of Adana, incorporated as a lower-tier municipality.
The area contains a number of sites of historical interest; bridges, burial mounds, mosaics, waterworks, mosques, baths, and a stone caravanserai. The name comes from the first Turks to settle in the Çukurova. The Yüreğir were a branch of the Oğuz Turks, from whom most Turkish people today are descended. They came to the area in flight from Mongol invasions of their homelands in central Asia. Adana was subsequently settled and resettled by many other peoples including other Turkish dynasties but they were first and the name was given to the area in their memory much later (in the early 20th century).
Governance.
Yüreğir district is administered by three levels of government; central government, provincial administration and the municipalities. 
Yüreğir Governorship is the district branch of the central government operating under the Adana Governorship. The chief executive of the Yüreğir district is the District Governor who is appointed by the Ministry of Internal Affairs. Yüreğir Governorship overseas the functioning of the district directorates of the ministries.
Yüreğir directorate of the Adana Province Special Administration is the district branch of the provincial administration. Yüreğir district is represented with 8 members at the 61-member Adana Provincial Parliament.
Yüreğir district is divided into municipalities and villages. Municipalities are further divided into neighborhoods.
Municipalities.
The municipalities incorporated in the Yüreğir district are Yüreğir and Çelemli. Yüreğir Municipality is a lower tier municipality of City of Adana and Çelemli is a stand alone municipality outside the city. Yüreğir Municipality serves most of the Yüreğir district and it is further divided into neighborhoods.
Yüreğir Municipality.
Yüreğir Municipality was incorporated in 1986 as a lower-tier municipality as Adana Municipality is upgraded to a metropolitan status. The organs of the Yüreğir Municipality are the mayor, encümen (the executive committee) and the municipal council.
Mayor is the chief executive of the municipality, presides municipal departments and chairs the municipal council. Mayoral candidates are either nominated by National Parties or run independently. The mayor is elected by first past the post voting for a 5-year term. Mahmut Çelikcan is the mayor of Yüreğir since 2009. In the local elections on March 29, 2009, he was elected with %35 of the popular votes. The turnout was a high of %82.8, where the total number of registered voters were 256,616.
Encümen is the executive committee of the Yüreğir Municipality.The mayor presides the encümen and the committee consists of 7 members, 3 councilors elected from the municipal council, 3 department directors appointed by the mayor and the treasurer.
Municipal Council is the decision making organ of the Yüreğir Municipality. It is responsible for approving by-laws, founding, splitting or amalgamating neighborhoods, strategic planning, urban development planning and zoning, making investments, budgeting, loaning and controlling the mayor's activities. The chair of the council is the mayor. The council consists of 37 members. The candidates for the councilor positions are either nominated by National Parties or run independently. The councilors are elected by the d'Hondt method, where the whole municipality is one electoral district and there is 10% threshold for a party to gain seat at the council. As with mayor, councilors are elected for a 5-year term. Conservative AKP leads the council with 20 members, left leaning CHP have 9 members and far-right Turkish nationalist MHP have 8 members at the council.
Çelemli.
Çelemli is a small town at the south-west section of the district. Situated east of the Ceyhan River, it is inland from the Mediterranean sea and away from the city of Adana. It is incorporated as a municipality and governed by the mayor Hüseyin Özaydın, 10-member Municipal Council and the 5-member Encümen. The population of the municipality is 1396.
Neighborhoods.
Neighborhoods (Mahalle) are administered by the muhtar and the Neighborhood Seniors Council consisting of 4 members. Muhtar and the Senior Council are elected for 5 years at the local elections and are not affiliated with political parties. Neighborhoods are not an incorporation therefore do not hold government status. Muhtar although being elected by the residents, acts merely as an administrator of the district governor. Muhtar also voices the neighborhood issues to the municipal hall together with the Seniors Council. 
Yüreğir has total of 99 neighborhoods, 38 of them in the urban area, 61 are outside the urban area. The neighborhoods outside the urban area are the former villages and the municipalities that annexed to the city of Adana as city borders are expanded in 2008.
Neighborhoods in the urban area.
The urban neighborhoods of Yüreğir are spread into 6 distinctive zones. The major separators of these zones are the D400 state road, Yüreğir Canal, Kozan Street, Mustafakemalpaşa Boulevard. 
Karşıyaka: Settled in the late 19th century, Karşıyaka is the first expansion of Adana to the east bank of Seyhan River. It is bordered by D400 state road on the north, Seyhan river on the west and Yüreğir Canal on the east. Traditionally an Arabic area, Karşıyaka has seen mass migration of Kurds during 1990's. Yüreğir District Hall, Adana State Hospital and Asri Cemetery are located in this zone. 14 neighborhoods of this zone are:Cumhuriyet, Yamaçlı, Seyhan, Haydaroğlu, Bahçelievler, Akdeniz, Güneşli, Anadolu, Dede Korkut, Yunus Emre, 19 Mayıs, Yeşilbağlar, Koza and Başak.
West of the Yüreğir Canal: Bounded with Seyhan river on the west, Mustafakemalpaşa Boulevard on the north, Yüreğir Canal on the east and D400 state road on the south, this zone is getting increasingly important, with the bridges that were built on the river and the extension of Adana Metro. An urban redevelopment under effect to convert Sinanpaşa and Yavuzlar neighborhoods into modern commercial and residential areas. Yüreğir Municipal Hall and Yüreğir Bus Terminal are located in this zone. The 5 neighorhoods of this are: Sinanpaşa, Sarıçam, Özgür, Yavuzlar and Akıncılar. Total population of the zone is 48270.
North of Mustafakemalpaşa Boulevard: This zone is another area of Yüreğir that is facing urban transformation. It will be converted into a modern residential area in which 2000 houses will be demolished and replaced by high rise buildings. Bordered by Mustafakemalpaşa Boulevard on the south, Seyhan river on the west, motorway on the north and Çukurova University property on the east, this zone will be home to Adana Court of Justice and 47.5 hectare Health Campus. 6th corps of the 2nd army is also based at this zone. The 3 neighborhoods of this zone are: Kışla, Köprülü and Kazım Karabekir. Total population is 34294.
West of the Kozan Street: Bounded by Kozan street on the east, Yüreğir Canal on the south, Çukurova University property on the west and Yeşil Boulevard on the north, this zone has 6 neighborhoods: PTT Evleri, Karacaoğlan, Selahaddin Eyyubi, Serinevler, Tahsilli and Dadaloğlu.
East of the Kozan Street: This zone is bordered by Kozan street on the west, Yüreğir Canal on the south-west, D400 state road on the south, İncirlik Air Base on the east. The 10 neighborhoods of this zone are: Yıldırım Beyazıt, Remzi Oğuz Arık, Ulubatlı Hasan, Kiremithane, Dervişler, Şehit Erkut Akbay, Çamlıbel, Yenidoğan, Mutlu and Atakent.
South of the D400: Bounded by D400 state road on the road and Yüreğir Canal on the west, this zone has 2 neighborhoods: Levent and Güzelevler.
Neighborhoods outside the urban area.
As the city borders expanded the municipalities and villages in the new limits of the city are annexed to the city. Neighborhoods of the former municipalities and former villages then became part of the Yüreğir district as neighborhoods. There are total of 61 non-urban neighborhoods which are located on the east and south end of Yüreğir.
Abdioğlu: 9 neighborhoods of this former municipality are, Büyükkapılı, Cumhuriyet, Çotlu, Düzce, Esenler, Herekli, Kütüklü, Özler, Yahşiler
Doğankent: 10 neighborhoods of this former municipality are, Ağzıbüyük, Bahçelievler, Cumhuriyet, Danişment, Denizkuyusu, Gazipaşa, Kışla, Pekmezli, Sağdıçlı, Şeyhmurat
Geçitli: Cumhuriyet, Havraniye
Havutlu: – The 7 neighborhoods of this former municipality are Ali Hocalı, Aydıncık, Havutlu, Kayarlı, Köklüce,Taşcı, Yukarı Çiçekli
İncirlik: Cumhuriyet
Kürkçüler: Camili, Dedepınar
Solaklı: 16 neighborhoods of this former municipality are Akdam, Atatürk, Beyköy, Cumhuriyet, Çağırkanlı, Eğriağaç, Gökçeli, Hürriyet, Kamışlı, Köprügözü, Paşaköy, Sazak, Şahinağa, Yalnızca, Yenice, Zağarlı
Yakapınar – Located on the west bank of Ceyhan river, its two neighborhoods are Eski Misis and Yakapınar
Yunusoğlu – The 12 neighborhoods of this former municipality are Cırık, Cine, Cumhuriyet, Gümüşyazı, Hacıali, Hürriyet, Irmakbaşı, Kadıköy, Karaahmetli, Sakızlı, Yeniköy, Yerdelen.

</doc>
<doc id="18563918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563918" title="Heart of Huntsville Mall">
Heart of Huntsville Mall

The Heart of Huntsville Mall was a shopping mall located in Huntsville, Alabama. It opened in 1961. The mall was demolished in 2007 to make way for a new $150 million mixed-use development called "Constellation."
History.
The Heart of Huntsville Mall was the first enclosed shopping mall in Huntsville when it opened in 1961. The single-story complex was built just outside of downtown at the intersection of Clinton Avenue and Memorial Parkway. Its major tenant was a Sears at the southern end of the mall.
Heart of Huntsville hosted many community events over the years including several Scout Expos and craft fairs. The long-running Delta Zeta Arts and Crafts Show began in 1967 with roughly 100 booths at Heart of Huntsville Mall.
The mall prospered for decades until the opening of Madison Square Mall in west Huntsville in 1984. Sears moved to Madison Square and, over time, other tenants would close as well. The Woolworth's closed in 1992. As major chain stores closed, local businesses moved in to take advantage of lower rents. 
In the late 1990s the center was renamed "Market Square." The two anchor tenants were Burlington Coat Factory and Gold's Gym with various smaller tenants including a club called "721," an exercise equipment shop, and Ivey's Restaurant. In the early 2000s the owner of the mall, Scott McLain, began plans to redevelop the center. He had recently completed a redevelopment of "The Mall", just north of Heart of Huntsville, into a power center with tenants such as Home Depot and Costco. By mid-2007, all but one of the tenants, a tanning salon, had moved out of the mall to make way for a $150 million mixed-use development called "Constellation."
Future.
By September 2007, all of the former Heart of Huntsville Mall was razed to make way for Constellation, a mixed-use development that is projected to include retail, restaurants, two five-story, 160-room hotels (a Residence Inn by Marriott and a SpringHill Suites), of office space, and a seven-story condo/apartment tower with up to 80 residential units. The complex will also include a multi-deck parking garage. The developer had initially suggested that restaurants on the site might include a Hard Rock Cafe or Cheesecake Factory but in November 2007 he announced that these concepts were unsuitable for the market and other concepts were being researched. In January 2008, Huntsville City Council president Glenn Watson suggested that the site might also be a good home for a new City Hall.
Site construction on the project began in the Spring of 2008, with completion expected in 2010. McLain told "The Huntsville Times" that the name Constellation is "a nod to Huntsville's space heritage, while also reflecting that it offers a 'collection' of venues, just as a constellation is a collection of stars." Construction on the SpringHill Suites began in August 2008 with a Courtyard by Marriott projected as "soon to follow". , only the SpringHill Suites has been constructed and is open for business.
The site includes a tree planted in 1961, the year the original mall opened, and the developer plans to continue to include this tree in the "Constellation" development. McLain is working to have the project Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certified.

</doc>
<doc id="18563921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563921" title="Meir Ariel">
Meir Ariel

Meir Ariel () (March 2, 1942 – July 18, 1999) was an Israeli singer-songwriter. 
He was known as a "man of words" for his poetic use of the Hebrew language in his lyrics. His influences included Hebrew poets such as Natan Alterman, S. Y. Agnon and Hayim Nahman Bialik, and American singer-songwriters such as Bob Dylan.
Biography.
Ariel was born on the Fast of Esther in 1942 and grew up in Kibbutz Mishmarot. He and Israeli rock singer Shalom Hanoch were friends from childhood. He served in the Paratroopers Brigade and was one of the soldiers who took Jerusalem at the beginning of the Six-Day War. This inspired him to write the song "Yerushalayim Shel Barzel" ("Jerusalem of Iron"). The song was based on Naomi Shemer's hit song "Jerusalem of Gold", and borrowed its tune. It was represented as a cynical reaction to the over-patriotism of the Israeli public and media of that time. Ariel was referred to in the media as "The Singing Paratrooper" because of the "Yerushalayim Shel Barzel" mini-album cover that represented him in his military uniform.
After he had lived in the USA for some time, Ariel returned to Israel and decided to create folk rock inspired music. He served in the Yom Kippur War in the Suez Canal and returned to his kibbutz after the war. Between 1978 and 1988, he released his three first LPs. The first album's title, "Shirey Chag Umoed Venofel", is a parody of the term "Shirey Chag Umoed" which means "Songs for holidays". The album's title could also mean, in Hebrew, "Songs for the circling, tripping and falling". 
In 1987, Ariel, his wife Tirtza and their three children moved to Tel Aviv. Between 1990 and 1997, he released one more EP, one collection album, one live album and three more LPs, the last one being "Bernard ve Louise" (Bernard and Louise).
Ariel died on July 18, 1999 from the Mediterranean spotted (or "Boutonneuse") fever which is caused by the rickettsia parasite and transmitted by a tick bite. He was buried in the Kibbutz Mishmarot cemetery.
Three live albums with various Israeli artists performing his songs have been released so far, as well as an album of Ariel's recordings, released posthumously and titled 'Mode Ani', which can be translated as 'I am thankful' and also as 'I confess'.
Among the many singers for whom Meir Ariel wrote are Shalom Hanoch, Arik Einstein, Rita and David Broza. 
In 2005, he was voted the 34th-greatest Israeli of all time, in a poll by the Israeli news website "Ynet" to determine whom the general public considered the 200 Greatest Israelis. In 2009, the Israeli postal service issued a stamp in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18563925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563925" title="New York state election, 1932">
New York state election, 1932

The 1932 New York state election was held on November 8, 1932, to elect the Governor, the Lieutenant Governor, the State Comptroller, the Attorney General, the Chief Judge, a U.S. Senator and two U.S. Representatives-at-large, as well as all members of the New York State Assembly and the New York State Senate.
History.
By a re-apportionment in 1932, the state of New York received two more seats in the U.S. House of Representatives, but instead of redistricting the congressional districts, the additional congressmen were elected at-large on the state ticket until the election of 1944. 
The Socialist Labor state convention met on April 29, a day before the party's national convention, in New York City, and nominated Aaron M. Orange for Governor; and Emil F. Teichert for Lieutenant Governor.
The Communist state convention met on June 19 at Schenectady, New York, and nominated Israel Amter for Governor; and Henry Shepard, a "Harlem Negro," for Lieutenant Governor 
The Socialist state convention met on July 3 at Utica, New York, and nominated Louis Waldman for the third time to run for Governor; and Frank R. Crosswaith for Lieutenant Governor. Crosswaith however declined, instead running for Congress in Harlem, and Charles W. Noonan was substituted on the ticket.
The Law Preservation state convention met on October 3 at Syracuse, New York and nominated the Rev. Dr. John F. Vichert, of Rochester, a professor of practical theology at Colgate Divinity School, for Governor; H. Westlake Coons for Lieutenant Governor; Ralph H. Culley, of Rochester, for Attorney General; Francis A. Walters, of Rome, for Comptroller; and Dr. D. Leigh Colvin for U.S. Senator. At first Vichert declined, but a few days later changed his mind. 
The Republican state convention met on October 4 at Buffalo, New York, and nominated Colonel William J. "Wild Bill" Donovan for Governor; and Assistant U.S. Secretary of War F. Trubee Davison for Lieutenant Governor; Mayor of Rochester, New York Charles S. Owen for Comptroller; Moses G. Hubbard, of Utica, for Attorney General; George Z. Medalie for the U.S. Senate; and the incumbent Chief Judge Cuthbert W. Pound to succeed himself. 
The Democratic state convention met on October 4 at Albany, New York, and nominated Lieutenant Governor Herbert H. Lehman for Governor to succeed Governor Franklin D. Roosevelt who had been nominated for U.S. President; M. William Bray for Lieutenant Governor; and re-nominated the other incumbent state officers, among them the Republican Chief Judge Cuthbert W. Pound.
Result.
The whole Democratic ticket was elected in another landslide.
The incumbents Tremaine, Bennett, Pound and Wagner were re-elected. 

</doc>
<doc id="18563933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563933" title="Alfred Watkins">
Alfred Watkins

Alfred Watkins (27 January 1855 – 15 April 1935) was an English author, self-taught amateur archaeologist, antiquarian and businessman who, while standing on a hillside in Herefordshire, England, in 1921 experienced a revelation and noticed on the British landscape the apparent arrangement of straight lines positioned along ancient features, and subsequently coined the term "ley", now usually referred to as ley line, because the line passed through places whose names contained the syllable "ley".
Life.
Watkins was born in Hereford to an affluent family which had moved to the town in 1820 to establish several businesses including a flour-mill, a hotel and brewery. Watkins travelled across Herefordshire as an 'out-rider' representing the family businesses and so got to know the area intimately.
Watkins was also a respected photographer. He made some cameras himself and manufactured an exposure meter called the 'Watkins Bee Meter' due to its small size and efficiency. An example is in the Museum Resource & Learning Centre, Hereford, and one accompanied Robert Falcon Scott to the South Pole. He was an active member of the Photographic Convention of the United Kingdom and served as its President when the Convention was held in Hereford in 1907. In 1910 he was awarded the Progress Medal of the Royal Photographic Society (RPS). Over 3,000 photographs, taken from Alfred's original glass negative plates are held by Hereford Library and can be viewed on request.
On 30 June 1921, Watkins visited Blackwardine in Herefordshire when he had the idea that there was a system of straight lines crossing the landscape dating from Neolithic times. He presented his ideas at a meeting of the Woolhope Naturalists' Field Club of Hereford in September 1921, and published his first books "Early British Trackways" in 1922 and "The Old Straight Track" in 1925. Thereafter he spent a major part of his life developing his theory. He published a further book on leys and participated in the Old Straight Track Club from 1927 to 1935 (the papers from this organisation are also in the Hereford City Museum).
Watkins was a member of the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings, an authority on beekeeping and a fellow of the Royal Photographic Society. He was also involved in the preservation of Pembridge, Herefordshire Market Hall.
Legacy.
Archaeologists in general do not accept Watkins' ideas on leys. At first they regarded the ancient Britons as too primitive to have devised such an arrangement, but this is no longer the argument used against the existence of leys. More crucially, there are so many ancient features that finding some in approximate alignment is highly likely. Watkins was sensitive to such arguments and argued for caution. He also drew up a list according to which landscape features could be given values between ¼ and 1 point, five points or more being required as evidence of a ley.
Watkins' work resurfaced in popularised form from the 1960s following the publication of John Michell's book "The View over Atlantis" in 1969. Michell merged Watkins' ideas with mystical concepts not present in Watkins' own work. In 2004, John Bruno Hare of the Internet Sacred Texts Archive (ISTA) wrote:
In 2002 Watkins had a beer named after him, "Watkins' Triumph", brewed by Wye Valley Brewery Ltd.
Books by Alfred Watkins.
Alfred Watkins' Herefordshire in his own words and photographs - publisher - Logaston Press, 14 November 2012. A previously unpublished manuscript, written in 1931.
References.
Biographies.
Alfred Watkins, A Herefordshire Man by Ron Shoesmith; Publisher - Logaston Press; 1990
Biographical introduction to Alfred Watkins' Herefordshire in his own words and photographs by Ron & Jennifer Shoesmith; Logaston Press; November 2012

</doc>
<doc id="18563938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563938" title="André Popp">
André Popp

André Charles Jean Popp (born 19 February 1924) is a French composer, arranger and screenwriter.
Born in Fontenay-le-Comte, Vendée, he started his career as a church organist, filling the place of his father who had been called up to serve in World War II in 1939. Popp studied music at the Saint Joseph Institute. In the 1960s, he co-wrote (with Pierre Cour) two songs for the Eurovision Song Contest — "Tom Pillibi", which won the competition for France in 1960, and "L'amour est bleu" ("Love is Blue") which came fourth for Luxembourg in 1967, but which later became a Number one hit in the US for Paul Mauriat. During this time he was the arranger for many top French singers such as Juliette Greco. He worked for many years for French radio.
Popp is the composer of "Piccolo, Sax and Co", a musical tale for children intended as a guide to the instruments of the orchestra and the rudiments of harmony.
In 1957, Popp released "Delirium in Hi-Fi" (originally titled "Elsa Popping et sa musique sidérante"), a collaboration with Pierre Fatosme, an experiment in the recording techniques of the time.
André Popp has been an inspiration for newer French composers such as Fred Pallem.
Popp is the author of the pop song "Manchester et Liverpool" sung by Marie Laforêt. Its melody gained fame in the former Soviet Union as the background music to the Vremya television news programme's weather forecast since the early 1970s.
Popp made one-of-a-kind space age instrumental recordings during the 1950s and by the early 1960s had built quite a good reputation in the music recording industry and was in demand as an arranger. He made orchestrations for Rive Gauche legend Juliette Gréco that were jazzy, urbane, vibrant, quirky, even cartoonish at times. The arrival of Rock and Roll in France and, consequentially, yé-yé music, dramatically changed the expectations of French audiences and record-buyers, especially the younger ones, who were more interested in singers like Johnny Hallyday than Jacques Brel, although chansonniers such as Brel ultimately remained just as popular as they had been in the 1950s.
Popp had to adapt to these new trends. He worked almost exclusively with female singers during this period, preferably the Lolita types, such as Chantal Goya, but also with Françoise Hardy. "Love is Blue", a song Vicky Leandros performed at the Eurovision Song Contest 1967 on behalf of Luxembourg, also recorded by Claudine Longet, became internationally popular. In these recordings, Popp does not sacrifice the sophistication of his 1950s orchestrations, but rather than animate the songs, he seems to set the tone, the mood, painting a colorful picture. Sometimes there are silky, smooth strings; often there is harpsichord and oboe and flute; elsewhere adventurous brassy fanfares; occasionally an ethereal soprano chorus; always some magical musical final touch, like the faint, quavering harmonica in "Manchester et Liverpool". Marie Laforêt's voice fit perfectly in André Popp's 1960s soundscapes and he created more of them for her than for her contemporaries.

</doc>
<doc id="18563942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563942" title="List of Turkish architects">
List of Turkish architects

The following is a list of Turkish architects in alphabetical order. 

</doc>
<doc id="18563945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563945" title="Charles B. Tripp">
Charles B. Tripp

Charles B. Tripp (July 6, 1855–January 26, 1930) was a Canadian-American sideshow performer known as the "Armless Wonder".
A native of Woodstock, Ontario, Tripp was born without arms, but learned to use his legs and feet to perform everyday tasks. He was a skilled carpenter and calligrapher and started supporting his mother and sister when he was a teenager. In 1872, Tripp visited P.T. Barnum in New York City and was quickly hired to work for Barnum's Great Traveling World's Fair. He worked for Barnum (and later James Anthony Bailey) for twenty-three years, then toured for the Ringling Brothers for twelve years.
On stage, Tripp cultivated a gentlemanly persona and exhibited his skills in carpentry and penmanship. He also cut paper, took photographs, shaved, and painted portraits. For extra income, he signed promotional pictures of himself with his feet. Tripp often appeared in photographs with Eli Bowen, a "legless wonder" from Ohio. In the photographs, the two rode a tandem bicycle, with Tripp pedalling and Bowen steering. 
By the 1910s, Tripp was no longer drawing large crowds for the major circuses, so he joined the traveling carnival circuit. He was accompanied by his wife, Mae, who sold tickets for midway attractions. Tripp died of pneumonia (or asthma) in Salisbury, North Carolina, where he had been wintering for several years. He was buried in Olney, Illinois. 

</doc>
<doc id="18563954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563954" title="4th United States Congress">
4th United States Congress

The Fourth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met at Congress Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from March 4, 1795 to March 4, 1797, during the last two years of George Washington's Presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the First Census of the United States in 1790. The Senate had a Federalist majority, and the House had a Democratic-Republican majority.
Party summary.
This was the first Congress to have organized political parties. Details on changes are shown below in the "Changes in membership" section.
Members.
This list is arranged by chamber, then by state. Senators are listed in order of seniority, and Representatives are listed by district.
Senate.
Senators were elected by the state legislatures every two years, with one-third beginning new six-year terms with each Congress. Preceding the names in the list below are Senate class numbers, which indicate the cycle of their election. In this Congress, Class 1 meant their term ended with this Congress, requiring reelection in 1796; Class 2 meant their term began in the last Congress, requiring reelection in 1798; and Class 3 meant their term began in this Congress, requiring reelection in 1800.
House of Representatives.
Connecticut.
All representatives were elected statewide on a general ticket.
Georgia.
Both representatives were elected statewide on a general ticket
New Hampshire.
All representatives were elected statewide on a general ticket.
New Jersey.
All representatives were elected statewide on a general ticket.
Pennsylvania.
The 4th district was a plural district with two representatives.
Rhode Island.
Both representatives were elected statewide on a general ticket.
Changes in membership.
The count below reflects changes from the beginning of this Congress
Senate.
There were 10 resignations, 2 new seats, and 1 election to replace an appointee. There was a 1-seat gain for both the Federalists and the Democratic-Republicans.
House of Representatives.
There were 9 resignations, 1 death of a Representative-elect, and 1 new seat. There was a 1-seat gain for both the Federalists and the Democratic-Republicans.

</doc>
<doc id="18563955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563955" title="Conversion (law)">
Conversion (law)

Conversion is a common law tort. A conversion is a voluntary act by one person inconsistent with the ownership rights of another. It is a tort of strict liability in the United Kingdom. Its criminal counterpart is not typically theft but rather criminal conversion, which differs from theft in the lack of intent to deprive the owner of possession of the property.
Examples are seen in cases where trees are cut down and the lumber hauled from the land by someone not having clear ownership; or removing furniture belonging to another from a cohabited dwelling, placing it in storage and not telling the owner of the whereabouts. In medieval times, a conversion would occur when bolts of cloth were bailed for safe keeping, and the bailee or a third party took them and made clothes for their own use or for sale. (See below)
Many questions concerning joint ownership in enterprises such as a partnership belong in equity, and do not rise to the level of a conversion. Traditionally, a conversion occurs when some chattel is lost, then found by another who appropriates it to his own use without legal authority to do so. It has also applied in cases where chattels were bailed for safe keeping, then misused or misappropriated by the bailee or a third party.
Conversion, as a purely civil wrong, is distinguishable from both theft and unjust enrichment. Theft is obviously an act inconsistent with another's rights, and theft will also be conversion. But not all conversions are thefts because conversion requires no element of dishonesty. Conversion is also different from unjust enrichment. If one claims an unjust enrichment, the person who has another's property may always raise a change of position defense, to say they have unwittingly used up the assets they were transferred. For conversion, there always must be an element of voluntarily dealing with another's property, inconsistently with their rights.
Elements of conversion.
The elements of a conversion cause of action are:
In another formulation, it has been stated that one claiming conversion must show a tortious conversion of the chattel, a right to property in it, and a right to immediate possession which is absolute, unconditional, and not dependent upon the performance of some act.
History of conversion.
Conversion has been described as a fascinating tort, albeit one which has largely eluded the attention of legal writers. The literature frequently laps over into that of trover. Other sources define conversion as a distinct act of dominion wrongfully exerted over another's personal property in denial of or inconsistent with his title or rights therein, or in derogation, exclusion, or defiance of such title or rights, without the owner's consent and without lawful justification.
A conversion occurs when a person does such acts in reference to the personal property of another as amount, in view of the law, to his appropriating the property for himself. The action probably developed because there was no equivalent form of action in English law to the Roman law "rei vindicatio". This was an action in protection of one's property, whereby a claimant could simply allege in court "that's mine!". Early cases of conversion are to be found in 1479, where reference to an even earlier action on the case is made when the defendant "converted" the goods by changing their character, making clothes out of gold cloth.
Otherwise, conversion had its origin in the common law action in trover, as a branch of action on the case. The earliest cases are most likely lost. These probably involved cases when the finder of lost goods did not return them to the rightful owner, but used them himself or disposed of them to someone else. It became necessary to invent a new writ which covered the gap between action in trespass which lay for the wrongful taking of a chattel, and detinue which lay for its wrongful detention.
The claim in conversion had become standardized by 1554 in the case of "Lord Mounteagle v Countess of Worcester" , . The plaintiff was in possession of certain goods, he casually lost them, the defendant found the goods and did not return them, but instead "converted them to his own use."
There is a distinction between trover and conversion. Trover resolved the old procedural problem of wager of law which had developed as a form of licensed perjury, which made detinue unattractive to an honest plaintiff suing a dishonest defendant. Wager at law allowed testimony from many witnesses, who might have nothing to do with the actual litigation. In this sense, it was not much different from champerty and maintenance. Because trover sidestepped these old problems, there was an effort to expand it into many different forms. The legal device to accomplish this at first was to treat the allegation of losing the goods and then finding them as a fiction. This method was seen in several cases in the 17th century. As a technical factor, the defendant was not permitted to deny losing and finding, so the only issues to be litigated were those of the plaintiff's right to possession and the conversion as an existent fact. With losing and finding no longer essential, trover became the standard remedy for any form of interference with a chattel. It entirely replaced detinue, which fell into complete disuse. It replaced trespass to chattels to such an extent that the former was rarely seen. In 1756, Lord Mansfield stated in "Cooper v Chitty" ; :
Similar results are seen in other cases from the time. The two actions were regarded as alternative remedies for the same wrong. Often, the plaintiff had a choice of action, although there were differences between the choices. Trover must involve a wrongful detention of goods which had not been wrongfully taken, while trespass would not. The theory of trespass was that the plaintiff remained the owner of the chattel, with his possession only interrupted or interfered with, so that when it was tendered back to the plaintiff, he must accept it. The damages must be limited to the loss of use, which could be considerably less than its total value. Trover, which involved lost goods or those placed in a bailment, necessitated full replacement damages. Once the damages were paid, the ownership of the chattel passed to the defendant in trover.
The modern law of conversion crystallised after the case of "Fouldes v Willoughby" , . Two horses owned by the plaintiff were placed on a river ferry. The horses were put back on the shore by the defendant ferryman. The plaintiff/owner of the horses remained on the ferry and subsequently lost the horses. It was held that this was a trespass, but not a conversion, since there was no interference with the plaintiff's "general right of domination" over the horses.
Property subject to conversion.
In order for a conversion to occur, it used to need to be lost then found by some other person than the owner. In the process, it was a possible that the property could be converted. Chattels converted have included a dog, money and tax receipts. Land could not be the subject of an action in trover, since it could not be lost, then found and converted. The same was true for sand and gravel, timber, crops and fixtures, so long as they were considered as a part of the land. No action in trover could be had. Once there was severance from the land, these became personal property, and trover could be entertained because of removal from the land. 
Intangible rights.
Intangible rights could not be lost or found, and the original common law rule was that there could not be a conversion of such. This restriction has been discarded for the most part. In the absence of contravening evidence, the measure of damages for conversion of a negotiable instrument usually is taken to be its face value.
Tangible and intangible property.
The conception that an action for conversion lies only for tangible property capable of being identified and taken into actual possession is based on a fiction by which the action of trover was founded, namely, that the defendant had found the property of another, which was lost. This conception has become, in the progress of the law, something without meaning which has been discarded by most courts. Therefore, it has been generally accepted that an action for conversion lies for every species of personal property which is the subject of private ownership, whether animate or inanimate. Intangible property can be the subject of a conversion in the United States. There cannot be an action in conversion for choses in action or mere debt. Computer software can be the subject of a conversion.
Both tangible items and intangible property can be the subject of a claim for conversion under United States law. In "Kremen v. Cohen", , when the domain name sex.com was wrongfully transferred to a con man, a claim for conversion was held to be available against the domain name registrar. In English law, however, the recent case of "OBG Ltd. v. Allan" held intangible property cannot be the subject of a claim for conversion.
Written instruments.
A judgment that is in the nature of a debt of record, but has neither goods nor a chattel attached is not subject to a conversion, because the judgment creditor has no property in it. A writ of execution can be the subject of a conversion, despite the fact that it is not private property. Unpublished and published manuscripts, whether copyrighted or not can be the subject of a conversion, as can paintings, pictures, photos, letters, business books, pamphlets, newspapers and the like. Insurance policies, stock certificates, bills of lading, securities, bonds and commercial paper can be converted.
Real estate and property affixed thereto.
The general rule is that an action for conversion lies only with respect to personal property, and cannot apply to real estate. The fact that personal property is annexed to realty after its conversion usually does not prevent the maintenance of an action for the conversion, although opinion on this subject remains mixed. Actions for conversion of a building, machinery attached to a building or a grain elevator have been allowed. Severance of property from real estate can be converted. Buildings can be converted. Manure can be converted.
Acts constituting conversion.
An action for conversion does not rest on knowledge or intent of the defendant. The act constituting "conversion" must be an intentional act, but does not require wrongful intent, and is not excused by care, good faith, or lack of knowledge. Fraudulent intent is not an element of conversion. The defendant is answerable for the conversion, no matter how good his intentions were, or how careful he has been, or how apparently well-founded was his belief that his tortious act was right. The existence of probable cause does not preclude liability. A person may be liable for conversion even though he was reasonably mistaken in thinking the facts to be such as would give him a legal right to the goods.
There are cases in which the defendant does not clearly appropriate the property to his own use, and in which the question whether there is a conversion therefore depends on the intent of the defendant either express or implied.
In general.
Conversion, being a wrongful act, cannot spring from the exercise of a legal right. Such acts include the right of execution on a legal judgment or contesting rights under a contract. The general rule is that there is no conversion until some act is done which is a denial or violation of the plaintiff's dominion over or rights in the property. To constitute a conversion of a chattel, there must be an unauthorized assumption of the right to possession or ownership. The act must have the essence of a tort.
Depriving owner of possession.
The exercise of ownership over property may take a number of forms. All that is required is that the defendant exercise control over the chattel in a manner inconsistent with the plaintiff's right of possession. The gist of a conversion is not the acquisition of the property by the wrongdoer, but the wrongful deprivation of another's property which the owner is entitled to possess.
Receipt of property.
A person who accepts the possession of personal property from one not authorized to transfer it may be regarded as a converter. The Restatement (Second) of Torts is in accord with this concept, stating that one who receives possession of a chattel from another with the intent to acquire for himself or a third person a proprietary interest in the chattel which the other has not the power to transfer is subject to liability for conversion to a third person then entitled to the immediate possession of the chattel.
Disposal of property.
An action for conversion may be predicated upon an improper disposal, removal, transportation, delivery, or transfer of possession of property to one not authorized by the owner to receive the property. The Restatement (Second) of Torts states that, with some exceptions, one who makes an unauthorized delivery of a chattel to a person not entitled to its immediate possession is subject to liability for conversion to another who is so entitled. A bailee, agent, or servant who re-delivers to his bailor, principal, or master is not liable for conversion unless the person entitled to immediate possession had made an adverse claim upon him. A bailee, agent or servant who delivers the chattel to a third person pursuant to the instructions of his bailor, principal or master is not liable for conversion unless he has knowledge or reason to know that his bailor, principal, or master is not authorized so to dispose of it.
Detention or refusal to surrender possession.
A common conversion is a refusal to surrender possession of the chattel to one who is entitled to it. Normally, this is judged to be a sufficiently serious interference with the plaintiff’s right of control. If the detention is small or not deemed to be serious, it will not be considered a conversion. A garage which delays delivery of an automobile for 30 minutes does not commit a conversion. The same is true of a stock certificate. Placing furniture or other goods in storage to prevent damage or theft is also not a conversion, "per se", if proper notice of its location is given to the owner. If the delay is long, or intentional, it is a conversion. Holding an automobile for a month is a conversion. Goods placed in storage or in bailment destroyed by fire are considered to have been converted. In 1704, it was stated in "Baldwin v Cole":
Wrongful use, loss or injury.
The use of or intermeddling with the property of another has often been held to constitute a conversion, whether the act is done by one who had no authority to use the property, or by one who has authority to use the property but uses it in an unauthorized way. Any unjustified exercise of dominion over property by one who is not the owner nor entitled to possession which interferes with the right of possession of another who is lawfully entitled thereto constitutes a conversion. According to the Restatement (Second) of Torts, one who uses a chattel in a manner which is a serious violation of the right of another to control its use is subject to liability to the other for conversion. A conversion may be predicated upon destruction of personal property. An action for conversion may lie for killing an animal or rendering a musical instrument useless.
Persons entitled to bring action.
An agent entrusted by a principal with the possession of goods is generally recognized as having a sufficient interest in the goods to enable him to maintain an action against a third person for a conversion. Some jurisdictions hold that the agent must have more than a mere right of possession. A similar result has been reached where the servant left the property in the possession of the defendant, who subsequently converted it. Where a sheriff attached chattels and delivered them for safekeeping to a person, the person was merely the sheriff's servant, and having no interest in the chattels, could not maintain an action for their conversion. Causes of action for conversion are generally assignable, so that the action may be instituted by the assignee. An officer in possession of property may ignore a conversion of the same by a wrongdoer and proceed to sell the property on execution, the purchaser then being permitted to sue the wrongdoer for the conversion of the property. A transferee of personal property, or interest therein, who acquires the right of possession by or through the transfer, may maintain an action for a conversion committed after the transfer, though he has not yet received actual possession of the goods. A creditor, having no interest, generally may not be a plaintiff in an action to retrieve a debtor's converted property. An owner of land may bring an action in conversion, but he must be in material possession of the land and of the property severed from the land at the time of the conversion.
Persons subject to action.
The owner of a partial interest in property may be liable for converting the same, where he wrongfully takes it out of the possession of another, or does some other act amounting to a conversion. The following are the typical defendants in an action in conversion:
Conditions precedent to recovery.
In order to maintain an action for conversion, the plaintiff must have an interest in the thing converted. He must recover on the strength of his own title, without regard to the weakness of that of his adversary. It is necessary that the plaintiff be the owner of the property claimed to be converted, or that he be in possession or entitled to possession at the time of the alleged conversion. Absolute and unqualified title is sufficient, but it is not necessary. A mere right of possession is generally regarded as an interest sufficient to maintain an action.
Interest in property.
An action for conversion may be maintained by persons having the immediate right of possession of the article converted. In order for a plaintiff to recover in a suit for conversion, it is necessary that the plaintiff establish a right to the property and what is converted. An immediate right to possession at the time of conversion is usually all that is required in the way of title or possession to enable the plaintiff to maintain an action. The possession of personal property carries with it the presumption of title, and enables the possessor to maintain an action for conversion against any person except the rightful owner. As against a stranger with no possession rights, mere possession alone is good enough, and in such a case, the plaintiff need prove no more than possession. Generally, a peaceable possession of land, even though wrongful, is a sufficient interest on which to base an action for conversion against a trespasser upon the land who severs property from the soil as part of the trespass, although neither party has title to the land or the property severed therefrom.
Tender of debt due defendant.
Where a tender of a debt due the defendant is necessary to entitle the plaintiff to the immediate possession of the property, such tender is necessary to entitle him to maintain the action for conversion. This is because an action for conversion cannot be maintained unless the plaintiff, at the time of the alleged conversion, was entitled to the immediate possession of the specific property that is the subject of the conversion. A tender is not required where it is no longer within the power of the defendant to perform his part of the agreement out of which the debt arose.
Demand.
Some jurisdictions require a demand and refusal to be necessary to constitute a conversion and to maintain a subsequent action for conversion. The usual rule is that demand and refusal are never necessary, except to furnish evidence of the conversion. Without these, when the circumstances (circumstantial evidence) are sufficient to prove the conversion, demand and refusal are superfluous. In those jurisdictions requiring a demand and refusal, there is no specific form the demand must take. In cases where stolen property ends up in the hands of a third party, demand may be necessary to put the third party on notice that the property has been stolen.
Defenses.
In a conversion suit, it is no defense to claim that the defendant was not negligent or that the defendant acquired the plaintiff's property through the plaintiff's unilateral mistake, or that the defendant acted in complete innocence and perfect good faith.
The following are traditional defenses to an action in conversion:
Damages.
In general.
The remedy for conversion is usually in the form of damages equal to the fair market value of the chattel at the time of conversion. The converter can offer to return possession of the chattel to the complainant, but the complainant is not obligated to accept. If the complainant wants the chattel returned without any additional monetary damages, they can claim a related tort, detinue. One may use force in order to recover a chattel only if the wrongdoer is either in the process of taking the chattel or the owner of the chattel is in "hot pursuit" of the chattel. This is because a victim of conversion should use the legal remedies available as opposed to "self-help" or violence. Deadly force may never be used in the recovery of chattels.
The exact measure of compensation due to a plaintiff whose goods have been wrongfully converted may be merely nominal if the wrong is technical and the defendant can return the goods; it may be limited to the actual damage where the goods can be returned, but the wrong is substantial; but in ordinary cases it is the full value to the owner of the goods of which he has been deprived.
Special damages.
When the conversion occurs, the injured party should receive full compensation for actual losses. Special damages may be recovered in an action for conversion for any injury proximately resulting from the conversion. The Restatement (Second) of Torts indicates these damages can consist of:
It is a generally recognized rule that interest lost from the conversion is recoverable. Loss of rental value can be considered as interest.
Mitigation.
The defendant is allowed to show the existence of facts which would make it unjust to allow the plaintiff to recover full value. Ordinarily, the defendant is not allowed to deduct maintenance and upkeep expenses which would normally accrue taking care of the converted property. Return of the property with acceptance by the owner can dismiss the action, or be used as a mitigating fact. However, the mere offering of the converted property does not necessarily dismiss all damages which may have occurred based on the original tort. Action under legal process can be a complete defense and can mitigate damages.
Measure for converting particular kinds of property.
There are certain cases which require special calculation of damages. 
Practice and procedure in the United States.
In general.
The first question in an action for conversion is that of venue and jurisdiction. Mere questions of ownership within partnerships and some contract law do not arise to the level required for an action in conversion. These are matters best settled in a suit in equity with a determination of equity on the case. A true conversion is strictly a legal case. In general, relief through an action in conversion can proceed, even if other potential remedies have not been exhausted. However, once the action in conversion is commenced, the plaintiff may be precluded from seeking concurrent remedies. Other concurrent remedies typically are: 
Joinder of parties can usually be allowed. Successive converters need not be named in an action in conversion.
Pleading by plaintiff.
The facts sufficient to constitute a cause of action for conversion must be set forth in the complaint or declaration, so as to show that the plaintiff has a right to maintain an action. The typical pleading should include:
Answer of defendant.
In general, the defendant should answer the charge of conversion by asserting:
Evidence.
Rules of evidence are no different in an action for conversion than any other tort case. The burden is on the plaintiff to establish the case. The following areas are generally necessary to be established:
These are established through testimony and documentary evidence.
Verdict and judgment.
An action in conversion is for the monetary value of the property and not the property itself. A judgment which requires either monetary damages or return of the property is not, "per se", erroneous. A verdict demanding only the return of property is reversible error. It is within the discretion of the trier of fact to determine actual value, which may be different from that of market value, testimony or documentary evidence. A judgment is for the title and ownership of the property at the time of the conversion, and does not necessarily effect subsequent transactions which may have occurred.
Conversion and crime.
Conversion is an interference with another's ownership of property. It is a general intent tort, not a specific intent tort. That means that the intent to take or otherwise deal with the property is enough to support the claim, and it doesn't matter whether the defendant knew that the act would constitute interference with the property of another. Therefore, the defendant's innocent reasons for the act cannot be used as an excuse. It does not matter if the defendant made a mistake. The standard remedy for conversion is a judgment for damages in an amount equal to the fair market value of the property. Punitive damages are also possible, because conversion is an intentional tort.
The standard remedy in a detinue action is an order that the property be returned. The standard remedy in an action for trespass to chattels is a judgment for an amount equal to the value of loss of use of the property. Damages from a trespass claim are based on the harm caused to the plaintiff, rather than the value of the chattel. Many actions can constitute both conversion and trespass. In these cases, a plaintiff must eventually choose which claim to press based on what damages they seek to recover. It is the difference between forcing a rental fee and a total sale upon a defendant.
In some cases the exercise of the dominion may amount to an act of trespass or to a crime, "e.g." where the taking amounts to larceny, or fraudulent appropriation by a bailee or agent entrusted with the property of another (Larceny Acts of 1861 and 1901). Fraudulent conversion by any person to his own use (or that of persons other than the owner) of property entrusted to him is a crime in the case of custodians of property, factors, trustees under express trusts in writing (Larceny Act 1861, ss. 77-85; Larceny Act 1901).

</doc>
<doc id="18563960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563960" title="Wesley Clark presidential campaign, 2004">
Wesley Clark presidential campaign, 2004

Wesley Clark has said that he began to truly define his politics only after his military retirement in 2000 around the 2000 presidential election that would give George W. Bush the presidency. Clark had a conversation with Condoleezza Rice. She told him that the war in Kosovo would have never taken place under a Bush administration, as they adhered more to realpolitik. Clark found such an administration unsettling, as he had been selected for the SACEUR position because he believed more in the interventionist policies of the Clinton administration. He said he would see it as a sign that things were "starting to go wrong" with American foreign policy if Bush was elected. Clark supported the administration's War in Afghanistan in response to the September 11, 2001 attacks but did not support the Iraq War. Clark continued to warn people as a commentator on CNN that he believed the United States was undermanned in Iraq, and has said the war was "never WMD or regime change," and believes "the connection to the War on Terrorism was not shown."
Background and Preparations.
Clark met with a group of wealthy New York Democrats including Alan Patricof to tell them he was considering running for the presidency in the 2004 election. Patricof, a supporter of Al Gore in 2000, met with all the Democratic candidates and ultimately supported Clark in 2004. Clark has said that he voted for Al Gore in 2000, but has voted for Republicans such as Ronald Reagan, held equal esteem for Dwight D. Eisenhower and Harry S. Truman, and had been a registered independent voter throughout his military career. Ultimately as Clark himself put it, however, he decided he was a Democrat because "I was pro-affirmative action, I was pro-choice, I was pro-education... I'm pro-health care... I realized I was either going to be the loneliest Republican in America or I was going to be a happy Democrat." Clark said he liked the Democratic party, which he saw as standing for "internationalism", "ordinary men and women", and "fair play."
A "Draft Clark" campaign began to grow with the launch of DraftWesleyClark.com on April 10, 2003. DraftWesleyClark signed up tens of thousands of volunteers, made 150 media appearances discussing Clark, and raised $1.5 million in pledges for his campaign. DraftClark2004.com, another website in support of drafting Clark, was the first organization to register as a political action committee in June 2003 to persuade Clark to run. They had earlier presented him with 1000 emails in May 2003 from throughout the country asking Clark to run. One of DraftClark2004's founders, Brent Blackaby, said of the draft effort: "Just fifty-two years ago citizens from all over the country were successful in their efforts to draft General Eisenhower. We intend to do the same in 2004 by drafting General Clark. If he runs, he wins."
Clark spent time during these early stages of the draft movement deciding whether to run, a decision he said was based heavily on deciding whether to expose his family to a presidential campaign. His wife, Gert, said she was "initially ... not delighted about it," but later changed her mind after hearing their son Wesley Clark, Jr. say that "things have to change, and we're willing to do it. And I want my son to grow up in a different world." Clark went on "Meet the Press" in June 2003 and said he was "seriously consider" running for president. Clark believes Bill Clinton encouraged him to run when he attended a party hosted by the Clintons, and Clinton toasted his wife Hillary and Clark as the two "stars" of the Democratic Party. Clark's repeated connections with Bill Clinton led pundits to speculate that Clark was being maneuvered by the Clintons to change the Democratic field and clear a path for Hillary to enter the race. This theory lasted only a few months, and Antonia Felix speculated in her biography of Clark that it came from the largely unexplained connection between Clark and Bill Clinton that led to speculation.
Announcement.
Clark announced his candidacy for the Democratic presidential primary elections from Little Rock on September 17, 2003, months after the other candidates. He acknowledged the influence of the Draft Clark movement, saying they "took an inconceivable idea and made it conceivable". Clark's early campaign staff took on many figures prominent in the 1992 and 1996 Clinton-Gore campaigns, including Mickey Kantor. He also hired one of the founders of DraftWesleyClark.com, John Hlinko, to be his director of Internet strategy. Some of the Draft Clark movement people played a major role in Clark's and later Kerry's campaign and even became delegates at the Democratic National Convention like Dr. Dritan Zela, an Albanian-American and the co-founder of the Draft Clark movement in Arizona. The campaign raised $3.5 million in the first two weeks. The internet campaign would also establish the Clark Community Network of blogs, which is still used today and made heavy use of Meetup.com, where DraftWesleyClark.com had established the second-largest community of Meetups at the time.
Campaign.
Clark's loyalty to the Democratic Party was questioned by some as soon as he entered the race. Senator Joe Lieberman called Clark's party choice a matter of "political convenience, not conviction." Republican Governor Bill Owens of Colorado and University of Denver president Marc Holtzman have claimed Clark once said "I would have been a Republican if Karl Rove had returned my phone calls." Clark later claimed he was simply joking, but both Owens and Holtzman said the remark was delivered "very directly" and "wasn't a joke." Katharine Q. Seelye wrote that many believed Clark had only chosen to be a Democrat in 2004 because it was "the only party that did not have a nominee." On May 11, 2001, Clark also delivered a speech to the Pulaski County Republican Party in Arkansas saying he was "very glad we've got the great team in office, men like Colin Powell, Don Rumsfeld, Dick Cheney, Condoleezza Rice, Paul O'Neill – people I know very well – our president George W. Bush." "U.S. News and World Report" ran a story two weeks later claiming Clark might be considered some form of political run as a Republican.
Clark, coming from a non-political background, had no position papers to define his agenda for the public. Once in the campaign, however, several volunteers established a network of connections with the media, and Clark began to explain his stances on a variety of issues. He was, as he had told "The Washington Post" in October, pro-choice and pro-affirmative action. He called for a repeal of recent Bush tax cuts for people earning more than $200,000 and suggested providing healthcare for the uninsured by altering the current system rather than transferring to a completely new universal health care system. He backed environmental causes such as promising to reverse "scaled down rules" the Bush administration had applied to the Clean Air and Clean Water Acts and dealing with global warming by reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Clark also proposed a global effort to strengthen American relations with other nations, reviewing the PATRIOT Act, and investing $100 billion in homeland security. Finally, he put out a budget plan that claimed to save $2.35 trillion over ten years through a repeal of the Bush tax cuts, sharing the cost of the Iraq War with other nations, and cutting government waste. Clark had testified before the House Committee on Armed Services on September 26, 2002 that while he supported the Iraq Resolution he believed the country should try other options before the more immediate war President Bush had been calling for at the time, and this testimony was later used during his presidential campaign to portray Clark as pro-war although FactCheck called this a "classic case of ripping quotes out of their full context in order to create a false picture." Clark testified before this committee again in 2005, a hearing Dana Milbank of "The Washington Post" characterized as having a "different tune" as some of Clark's 2002 testimony that had been portrayed by some committee members as "fuzzy stuff" and "dumb clichés" had proven itself true in the ensuing two and a half years.
Some, such as Clark's biography writer Antonia Felix, have speculated that Clark's inexperience at giving "soundbite" answers hurt him in the media during his primary campaign. The day after he launched his campaign, for example, he was asked if he would have voted for the Iraq War Resolution, which granted President Bush the power to wage the Iraq War, a large issue in the 2004 campaign. Clark said, "At the time, I probably would have voted for it, but I think that's too simple a question," then "I don't know if I would have or not. I've said it both ways because when you get into this, what happens is you have to put yourself in a position – on balance, I probably would have voted for it." Finally, Clark's press secretary clarified his position as "you said you would have voted for the resolution as leverage for a UN-based solution." After this series of responses, although Clark opposed the war, "The New York Times" ran a story with the headline "Clark Says He Would Have Voted for War". Clark was repeatedly portrayed as unsure on this critical issue by his opponents throughout the primary season, being forced to continue to clarify his position such as at the second primary debate when he said, "I think it's really embarrassing that a group of candidates up here are working on changing the leadership in this country and can't get their own story straight ... I would have never voted for war. The war was an unnecessary war, it was an elective war, and it's been a huge strategic mistake for this country."
Another media incident started during the New Hampshire primary September 27, 2003, when Clark was asked by space shuttle astronaut Jay C. Buckey what his vision for the space program was after the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster. Clark responded he was a great believer in the exploration of space but wanted a vision well beyond that of a new shuttle or space plane. "I would like to see mankind get off this planet. I'd like to know what's out there beyond the solar system." Clark thought such a vision could probably require a lifetime of research and development in various fields of science and technology. Then at the end of his remarks, Clark dropped a bombshell when he said "I still believe in "E" = "mc"². But I can't believe that in all of human history we'll never ever be able to go beyond the speed of light to reach where we want to go. I happen to believe that mankind can do it. I've argued with physicists about it. I've argued with best friends about it. I just have to believe it. It's my only faith-based initiative." This led to a series of headlines deriding the response, such as "Beam Us Up, General Clark" in "The New York Times", "Clark is Light-Years Ahead of the Competition" in "The Washington Post", "General Relativity (Retired)" on the U.S. News & World Report website, and "Clark Campaigns at Light Speed" in "Wired" magazine.
Several polls from September to November 2003 showed Clark leading the Democratic field of candidates or as a close second to Howard Dean. The John Edwards campaign brought on Hugh Shelton – the general who had said Clark was made to leave the SACEUR post early due to "integrity and character issues" – as an advisor, a move that drew criticism from the Clark campaign. Since Dean consistently polled in the lead in the Iowa caucuses, Clark opted out of participating in the caucuses entirely to focus on later primaries instead. The 2004 Iowa caucuses marked a turning point in the campaign for the Democratic nomination, however, as front-runners Dean and Dick Gephardt garnered results far lower than expected, and John Kerry and John Edwards campaigns' benefited in Clark's absence.
Withdrawal.
Although Clark performed reasonably well in later primaries, such as a tie for third place with Edwards in the New Hampshire primary and narrowly winning the Oklahoma primary over Edwards, he saw his third-place finish in Tennessee and distant third in Virginia as signs that he had lost the South, which his campaign had been centered on. He withdrew from the race on February 11, 2004 and announced his endorsement of John Kerry at a rally in Madison, Wisconsin on February 13. Clark believed his opting out of the Iowa caucus was one of his campaign's biggest mistakes, saying to one supporter the day before he withdrew from the race that "everything would have been different if we had in Iowa."
Notable endorsements.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="18563972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563972" title="Gold Coast Highway">
Gold Coast Highway

The Gold Coast Highway in Queensland, Australia links the coastal suburbs of the Gold Coast. 35 km in length, the highway runs from the Pacific Motorway at Helensvale to the Pacific Motorway at Tweed Heads. It passes through the numerous popular tourist areas including Surfers Paradise and Broadbeach, a commercial centre at Southport, residential areas, shopping centres and the Gold Coast (Coolangatta) Airport.
It is characterised by a variety of urban landscapes, ranging from:
The highest point of the highway is 42 metres at Currumbin Hill. 
History.
It was formerly part of the Pacific Highway, when it handled transport between Queensland and New South Wales through the Gold Coast. The Pacific Highway now runs about 8 km to the west as the M1.
Road Conditions.
The highway is divided along the entire length, mostly with 4 lanes. There are some 6 lane segments (often as bus lanes). It is also predominately well lit at night, with a few exceptions such as Currumbin and Burleigh Heads. Median fencing to prevent pedestrians crossing has also been introduced in areas such as Mermaid Beach. Traffic hazards include rear-end collisions at traffic lights, pedestrians crossing (many have been killed) and hooning (speeding) and the light rail line (particularly in respect to U-turns). The highway at Surfers Paradise is subject to congestion during events, notably during the street circuit carnival held each October (currently the Gold Coast 600). During the carnival the highway becomes part of the Surfers Paradise Street Circuit at Paradise Waters, the width is reduced to 2 lanes (one carriageway) and the speed limit reduced to 40 km/h.
Projects and Improvements.
1. Labrador: Between Government Road and North Street, along a section mostly called Frank Street. The Highway was upgraded from a single carriageway to a divided 4 lane highway. A new bridge with a 4 lane crossing has been completed across Loders Creek in 2007. The road upgrade resulted in a thoroughfare similar to that in Surfers Paradise, with a narrow median and narrow road reserve due to limited space and to minimise property resumptions. One of the two lanes in each direction was initially designated a transit lane (busses and vehicles with 2 or more occupants), but this designation was removed in 2013. 
2. Broadbeach to Miami: Bus lanes will be added along the route as well as changes to bus stops, u-turns, traffic lights, signs, lighting and the median strip. The first phase (Alexandra Avenue to Hilda Street) was finished in mid September 2008. The second phase (Hilda Street to Chairlift Avenue) was largely completed in July 2009.
3. Tugun: The most notorious "bottle-neck" is at Tugun, where the Gold Coast Highway joins the Pacific Highway 8 km north of Coolangatta has been eliminated with the opening of the Tugun Bypass in June 2008. Some minor changes and improvements near Stewart Road in Tugun have coincided with the completion of the bypass to deal with the changed traffic flow.
Public Transport.
Bus.
Bus services throughout the area are operated by Surfside for Translink.

</doc>
<doc id="18563973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563973" title="Chazara">
Chazara

Chazara is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae of the brush-footed butterfly family (Nymphalidae). The most well-known is the Hermit Butterfly ("C. briseis"). "C. briseis" can be found as far west as Morocco and as far eastward as Mongolia. They inhabit the Tian Shan mountain range of Central Asia, also known as the Celestial Mountains, which are fabled in Daoist literature as the place where the Goddess of the West attends to the peaches of immortality.

</doc>
<doc id="18563976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563976" title="Pinery Provincial Park">
Pinery Provincial Park

The Pinery Provincial Park is a small provincial park located on Lake Huron near Grand Bend, Ontario. It occupies an area of 25.32 square kilometres (6,330 acres). It is a natural environment-class Provincial Park created to help preserve oak savannah and the beach dune ecology. It has 1,275 sites of which 404 have electrical hookups. These include the Yurt camping area and the group camping sites. 
In 1966, the park saw a 433-acre addition, adding 200 campsites to the park's existing 1,075 to accommodate the growth of the park patronage, which had reached peaks of 1,500 campers per day, causing many to be packed into overflow areas. 
Visitors to Pinery Provincial Park may access free wireless internet at the Visitor Centre provided by the Friends of Pinery Park .
Facilities.
Park Office.
The Park Office is located on Ontario Highway 21 south of Grand Bend. The park is open year round. Senior staff, including the Superintendent, can be reached at the Park Office between 9:00 AM and 4:00 PM during summer months. The office is open from 8:00 AM until 9:00 PM. There is a sub-office for the Riverside Campground that is open during peak arrival times.
Campgrounds.
Riverside Campground.
Riverside Campground is located beside the Old Ausable Channel. It is the largest of the Pinery campgrounds. This campground is open year round. There are a large number of electrical and pull through sites for RV's and motor homes. Permits are obtained at the park gatehouse. Firewood is available for purchase at the gatehouse and from the Hosts at posted hours .
Burley Campground.
This area is open from May to September. It is the farthest from the main gate. It contains the smaller, more secluded sites within a short walk to the beach. These are camping sites that do not have electricity or pull-through site capabilities.
Dunes Campground.
This area is open from May to September. The sites are within easy walking distance to the beach, the outdoor amphitheater and Visitor Centre. Dunes campground provides a mixture of electrical, pop-up trailer and tenting sites.
Group Sites Campgrounds.
There are three group camping areas. The ten sites each accommodate up to 35 people. Water taps and vault toilets are on site. The sites are located near the beaches but are not adjacent to the comfort stations.
Yurts.
Twelve yurts are located in Area 1 of the Riverside Campground. These yurts are wheelchair accessible. Each "Yurt" includes bunks for sleeping 6 people, table and chairs, electric lighting and a heater. Also included are a propane gas barbecue and picnic shelter. These special sites are in high demand in all seasons.
Ecology.
The park features the largest area of Oak Savanna in Ontario. To preserve this habitat, a population control program for White-tailed Deer has been implemented. During the early 1960s, because the value of the native savanna was not recognized, large numbers of Red and White pine trees were planted in the park, displacing the native vegetation. That is also how the park got its name.
The Old Ausable Channel is a wide, slow-moving river which flows through the park. It was separated from the main Ausable River when two channels were excavated at Port Franks and Grand Bend at the end of the 19th century.
Juniper trees growing in the dunes are constantly shifting with the sands. Fallen junipers are eventually re-buried, with main branches becoming new trees, so that distant trees are genetically identical, and sometimes still connected below ground. The oak trees are also critical to this habitat. Oaks are one of the few trees that will share the water it draws from deep underground with the surface plants that surround it, a critical element in this dry sandy ecosystem.
Many of the plant species in the park depend on fire to reproduce. In recent years controlled burning has been attempted to try and restore some of the original flora and fauna.
To ensure that the water at public beaches is safe for swimming, the Community Health Services Department regularly conducts sampling for beach water quality. Ontario beaches are posted with warnings of possible health risks when elevated E. coli levels are detected. Storm water runoff, combined with sewer overflows, sewage treatment plant by-passes, agricultural runoff, faulty septic systems, and large populations of waterfowl which colonize a beach or the surrounding area all contribute to water pollution which can result in beach postings.

</doc>
<doc id="18563981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563981" title="Roxy Bernstein">
Roxy Bernstein

Allen "Roxy" Bernstein (born 1972) is an American sportscaster.
Early life and career.
Bernstein was born in San Francisco, and grew up on the peninsula in the Bay Area.
After graduating from Pinewood School in Los Altos, California in 1991, Bernstein went on to the University of California, Berkeley and graduated in 1996 with a degree in American Studies. While at Cal, Bernstein broadcast football, men's and women's basketball and baseball and served as sports director of the student radio station, KALX (FM). Bernstein was hired by Cal at the age of 24 to take over as the voice of Cal basketball in 1997 after serving as the back-up broadcaster and pre-game and post-game host the previous season.
Broadcasting stops.
Roxy Bernstein is currently a play-by-play broadcaster of college basketball and football for ESPN, Pac-12 Network and is the broadcast voice for University of California Golden Bears men's basketball team on the IMG Sports/Cal Basketball Radio Network. Bernstein has held this position since 1997 and also does national college football play-by-play on the Touchdown Radio Network with 1992 Heisman Trophy winner and College Football Hall of Fame member Gino Torretta. He also currently a broadcaster for the Oakland A's and a talk show host for KGMZ 95.7 FM The Game in San Francisco, formerly hosted noon to 3pm on Xtra Sports 860/Sports Byline (KTRB) in San Francisco with J.J. Stokes and Geoff Sheen, and hosted "The Randy Bennett Radio Show", a weekly broadcast which features St. Mary's College of California men's basketball coach Randy Bennett. In the Winter of 2008-2009, Bernstein was one of the two finalists to become the next San Diego Padres television play-by-play announcer, but did not get the job. In the August, 2009, Bernstein was emcee of the opening ceremonies for the San Francisco Maccabi Games. Bernstein had played in the games as a youth, 21 years earlier.
Bernstein spent three years as a broadcaster with the Florida Marlins (2005–2007), teaming with 2011 Ford C. Frick Award Winner Dave Van Horne, but left the Marlins to return to the Bay Area full-time. Prior to his stint with Florida, Bernstein called games for the San Francisco Giants and Montreal Expos in Major League Baseball. He also worked for numerous minor league baseball clubs, including the Sonoma County Crushers, Solano Steelheads, High Desert Mavericks and Tacoma Rainiers. Bernstein has shown his versatility providing play-by-play for the San Jose Sharks, California Golden Bears football, San Francisco Demons, ESPN Radio, NHL Radio, Westwood One and the NFL on Sports USA Radio Network, as well as numerous events on television for Fox Sports Net and Comcast Sports Net.
He also does part-time games for the Oakland Athletics as of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18563982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563982" title="Derek Parra">
Derek Parra

Derek Parra (born March 15, 1970) is an American of Mexican Native American decent. inline skater and speed skater from San Bernardino, California, who graduated from Eisenhower High School (Rialto, California) in 1988. Parra won two medals at the 2002 Winter Olympics, held in Salt Lake City, Utah. 
Parra's most successful season was from 2001 to 2002. At the 2002 Winter Olympics, he took the gold in the 1500 meters, an event in which he had been expected to do well but faced a deep pool of competition. Before that, he won the silver in the 5000 meters being bested by Jochem Uytdehaage of the Netherlands. He has worked part-time in Home Depot's gardening department in West Valley, Utah. In his book, "Reflections in the Ice", Parra recounts pursuing his dream of becoming an inline skater at 17, working at McDonald's in Tampa, Florida and being so poor he had to eat out of the trash.
Derek Parra was selected to take over as U.S. speed skating national all-around coach for the 2010 Olympics. 
He appears in a Restore Our Future television ad endorsing Republican Mitt Romney in the 2012 U.S. presidential election and spoke at the 2012 Republican National Convention.
Records.
World record.
Source: SpeedSkatingStats.com
Personal records.
Source: SpeedskatingResults.com

</doc>
<doc id="18563988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563988" title="Skandha">
Skandha

In Buddhist phenomenology and soteriology, the skandhas (Sanskrit) or khandhas (Pāḷi), aggregates in English, are the five functions or aspects that constitute the sentient being. The Buddha teaches that nothing among them is really "I" or "mine".
In the Theravada tradition, suffering arises when one identifies with or clings to an aggregate. Suffering is extinguished by relinquishing attachments to aggregates. 
The Mahayana tradition further puts forth that ultimate freedom is realized by deeply penetrating the nature of all aggregates as intrinsically empty of independent existence.
Etymology.
Outside of Buddhist didactic contexts, "skandha" can mean mass, heap, pile, gathering, bundle or tree trunk. 
According to Thanissaro, the buddha gave a new meaning to the term "khanda":
Description in the Sutta Pitaka.
The Sutta Pitaka of the Pali Canon contains the teachings of the Buddha, as preserved by the Theravada tradition.
The five skandhas.
The sutras describe five aggregates:
The Buddhist literature describes the aggregates as arising in a linear or progressive fashion, from form to feeling to perception to mental formations to consciousness. In the early texts, the scheme of the five aggregates is not meant to be an exhaustive classification of the sentient being. Rather it describes various aspects of the way an individual manifests.
Suffering and release.
Bhikkhu Bodhi (2000b, p. 840) states that an examination of the aggregates has a "critical role" in the Buddha's teaching for several reasons, including:
Understanding dukkha.
In the Dhammacakkappavattana Sutta the Buddha provides the classic elaboration on the first of his Four Noble Truths, "The Truth of Suffering" (Dukkhasacca):
Clinging causes future suffering.
The Samyutta Nikaya contains the "Khandhavagga" ("The Book of Aggregates"), a book compiling over a hundred suttas related to the five aggregates. The "Upadaparitassana Sutta" ("Agitation through Clinging Discourse," SN 22:7) describes how non-clinging to form prevents agitation: 
The most explicit denial of substantiality in the early texts is one that was quoted by later prominent Mahayana thinkers: 
Release from samsara.
In the Pāli Canon and the Āgamas, the majority of discourses focusing on the five aggregates discusses them as a basis for understanding and achieving liberation from suffering.
Liberation is possible by insight into the workings of the mind. Traditional mindfulness practices can awaken this by understanding, release and wisdom.
In the classic Theravada meditation reference, the "Satipatthana Sutta" ("The Foundations of Mindfulness Discourse," MN 10), the Buddha provides four bases for establishing mindfulness: body (kaya), sensations (vedana), mind (citta) and mental objects (dhamma). When discussing mental objects as a basis for meditation, the Buddha identifies five objects, including the aggregates. 
Through mindfulness contemplation, one sees an "aggregate as an aggregate" — sees it arising and dissipating. Such clear seeing creates a space between the aggregate and clinging, a space that will prevent or enervate the arising and propagation of clinging, thereby diminishing future suffering. As clinging disappears, so too notions of a separate "self."
No essence.
"See Sunyata"
The aggregates don't constitute any 'essence'. In the Samyutta Nikaya, the Buddha explains this by using the simile of a chariot:
Just as the concept of "chariot" is a reification, so too is the concept of "being". The constituents of being too are unsubstantial in that they are causally produced, just like the chariot as a whole. 
The chariot metaphor is not an exercise in ontology, but rather a caution against ontological theorizing and conceptual realism. Part of the Buddha's general approach to language was to point towards its conventional nature, and to undermine the misleading character of nouns as substance-words.
Arahants.
The skandha analysis of the early texts is not applicable to arahants. A tathāgata has abandoned that clinging to the personality factors that render the mind a bounded, measurable entity, and is instead "freed from being reckoned by" all or any of them, even in life. The skandhas have been seen to be a burden, and an enlightened individual is one with "burden dropped".
Understanding in Theravada Abhidhamma.
While early Buddhism reflects the teachings as found in the Pali Sutta Pitaka and the Chinese Agama, the Early Buddhist schools developed detailed analyses and overviews of the teachings found in those sutras, called Abhidharma. Each school developed its own Abhidharma. the best known is the Theravāda Abhidhamma. The Sarvāstivāda Abhidharma has been preserved partly in the Chinese Agama.
Six consciousnesses.
The teaching of the "six sense bases" provides an alternative to the five aggregates as a description of the workings of the mind. In this teaching, the coming together of an object and a sense-organ results in the arising of the corresponding consciousness. The suttas themselves don't describe this alternative. It is in the Abhidhamma, striving to "a single all-inclusive system" that the five aggregates and the six sense bases are explicitly connected.
This might be described as follows (illustrated in the figure to the right):
In this scheme, form, the mental aggregates, and consciousness are mutually dependent.
Twelve Sense Bases.
There are Twelve Sense Bases:
While the benefit of meditating on the aggregates is overcoming wrong views of the self (since the self is typically identified with one or more of the aggregates), the benefit of meditation on the six sense bases is to overcome craving (through restraint and insight into sense objects that lead to contact, feeling and subsequent craving).
Eighteen Dhātus.
The eighteen dhātus – the Six External Bases, the Six Internal Bases, and the Six Consciousnesses – function through the five aggregates. The eighteen dhātus can be arranged into six triads, where each triad is composed of a sense object, a sense organ, and sense consciousness. In regards to the aggregates:
Four Paramatthas.
The Abhidhamma and post-canonical Pali texts create a meta-scheme for the Sutta Pitaka's conceptions of aggregates, sense bases and dhattus (elements). This meta-scheme is known as the four "paramatthas" or four ultimate realities.
Ultimate realities.
There are four paramatthas; three conditioned, one unconditioned:
Mapping of the paramatthas.
The mapping between the aggregates, the twelve sense bases, and the ultimate realities is represented in this chart:
Twelve Nidanas.
The Twelve Nidanas describe twelve phenomenal links by which suffering is perpetuated between and within lives.
Inclusion of the five aggregates.
Embedded within this model, four of the five aggregates are explicitly mentioned in the following sequence: 
The interplay between the five-aggregates model of immediate causation and the twelve-nidana model of requisite conditioning is evident, for instance underlining the seminal role that mental formations have in both the origination and cessation of suffering.
Three lives.
According to Schumann, the nidānas are a later synthesis of Buddhist teachings meant to make them more comprehensible. Comparison with the five skandhas shows that the chain contains logical inconsistencies, which can be explained when the chain is considered to be a later elaboration. This way it is explainable that nāma-rūpa in consciousness in the nine-fold are the beginning or start, while in the twelve-fold chain they are preceded by ignorance and formations. Those can only exist when "nāma-rūpa" in consciousness are present.
Schumann also proposes that the twelve-fold is extended over three existences, and illustrates the succession of rebirths. While Buddhaghosa in Vasubandhu maintains a 2-8-2 schema, Schumann maintains a 3-6-3 scheme, putting the five skandhas alongside the twelve nidānas.
Understanding in the Mahayana-tradition.
The Mahayana developed out of the traditional schools, introducing new texts and putting other emphasises in the teachings, especially sunyata and the Bodhisattva-ideal.
India.
Prajnaparamita.
The Prajnaparamita-teachings developed from the first century BCE onward. It emphasises the "emptiness" of everything that exists. This means that there are no eternally existing "essences", since everything is dependently originated. The skandhas too are dependently originated, and lack any substantial existence .
This is famously stated in the Heart Sutra. The Sanskrit version of the classic "Prajnaparamita Hridaya Sutra" ("Heart Sutra") states:
In the second verse, after rising from his aggregate meditation, Avalokiteshvara declares:
Madhyamaka.
The Madhyaka-school elaborates on the notion of the middle way. Its basic text is the Mūlamadhyamakakārikā, written by Nagarjuna. Nagarjuna refuted the Sarvastivada conception of reality, which reifies dhammas. The simultaneous non-reification of the self and reification of the skandhas has been viewed by some Buddhist thinkers as highly problematic.
Yogacara.
The Yogacara-school further analysed the workings of the mind, and developed the notion of the Eight consciousnesses. These are an elaboration of the concept of nama-rupa and the five skandhas, adding detailed analyses of the workings of the mind.
China.
When Buddhism was introduced in China it was understood in terms of its own culture. Various sects struggled to attain an understanding of the Indian texts. The Tathāgatagarbha Sutras and the idea of the Buddha-nature were endorsed, because of the perceived similarities with the Tao, which was understood as a transcendental reality underlying the world of appearances. Sunyata at first was understood as pointing to the Taoist "wu", "nothingness".
Absolute and relative.
In China, the relation between absolute and relative was a central topic in understanding the Buddhist teachings. The aggregates convey the relative (or conventional) experience of the world by an individual, although Absolute truth is realized through them. 
Commenting on the Heart Sutra, D.T. Suzuki notes:
Tathagatagarbha.
The Tathāgatagarbha Sutras, which developed in India, played a prominent role in China. The tathagatagarbha-sutras, on occasion, speak of the ineffable skandhas of the Buddha (beyond the nature of worldly skandhas and beyond worldly understanding). In the Mahayana Mahaparinirvana Sutra the Buddha tells of how the Buddha's skandhas are in fact eternal and unchanging. The Buddha's skandhas are said to be incomprehensible to unawakened vision.
Tibet.
The Vajrayana tradition further develops the aggregates in terms of mahamudra epistemology and tantric reifications.
Insubstantiality.
Referring to mahamudra teachings, Chogyam Trungpa identifies the form aggregate as the "solidification" of ignorance (Pali, "avijja"; Skt., "avidya"), allowing one to have the illusion of "possessing" ever dynamic and spacious wisdom (Pali, "vijja"; Skt. "vidya"), and thus being the basis for the creation of a dualistic relationship between "self" and "other."
According to Trungpa Rinpoche, the five skandhas are "a set of Buddhist concepts which describe experience as a five-step process" and that "the whole development of the five skandhas...is an attempt on our part to shield ourselves from the truth of our insubstantiality," while "the practice of meditation is to see the transparency of this shield." 
Deity yoga.
Trungpa Rinpoche writes (2001, p. 38):
Bardo deity manifestations.
The Tibetan Book of the Dead (Fremantle & Trungpa, 2003) makes the following associations between the aggregates and tantric deities during the bardo after death:

</doc>
<doc id="18563990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563990" title="Carlos de la Torre">
Carlos de la Torre

Carlos de la Torre Allariz (born 18 May 1966 in Marín, Pontevedra) is a retired Spanish long-distance runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18563993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563993" title="Picolines">
Picolines

Picolines are pyridines which have an additional single methyl group (one carbon).
The most well known picoline is vitamin B6 and its derivatives.

</doc>
<doc id="18563996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18563996" title="Angel Grove">
Angel Grove

Angel Grove is the fictional town in the "Power Rangers" universe, the setting for much of the action of the television series "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" and its immediate sequels. Angel Grove is presumably a fictional suburb of Los Angeles, California, however no specific location was ever mentioned. The population is 376,000 and the elevation is 241 ft. According to a computer trivia program it was established in 1775. In the second season three-part episode "Return of the Green Ranger", when the Rangers went back in time to colonial Angel Grove, it was apparently established by the British rather than the Spanish who colonized the rest of California. Whether this is simply an inaccuracy or the establishment of some sort of alternate historical timeline has not been revealed. Angel Grove also existed as a "typical" wild west town in the 1880s, as seen in the "Wild West Rangers" two-parter.
In the show, Angel Grove is the home of the Power Rangers, who for most of the series attend Angel Grove High School, the exteriors of which were shot at Grant High School in Los Angeles. Angel Grove is close to the site of the Command Center, the Power Rangers' base of operations, exteriors of which were shot at the Brandeis-Bardin Institute, a Jewish religious retreat in the Los Angeles area. Angel Grove was the setting of the villains attacks until Countdown to Destruction (the "Power Rangers in Space" finale). It was also said by Leo Corbett (the Red Lost Galaxy Ranger) that the most of the people of the Terra Venture space colony are from Angel Grove wanting to find a new home to get away from all the alien and monster attacks. Whenever the Power Rangers battle evil forces in the city, Angel Grove is seen and taken place in Tokyo due to the footage of the "Super Sentai" series.
Angel Grove is mentioned multiple times in "Power Rangers Dino Thunder", given that Tommy is a main character and Ranger in this series, but the events occur in Reefside, California. 
As of late, the most recent mention of Angel Grove was in the 15th anniversary Power Rangers Operation Overdrive: Once A Ranger. With the six Operation Overdrive Rangers left powerless by Thrax, the son of Lord Zedd and Rita Repulsa, five former Rangers from various teams, led by Adam, the second Black Ranger, temporarily replace them until they can regain their powers. Adam travels to Angel Grove to recover Alpha 6, who had somehow returned from Mirinoi since the events of Lost Galaxy and been stored inactive in a box in an Angel Grove warehouse, in order to be able to help the Operation Overdrive Rangers regain their powers.
The Youth Center.
The Power Rangers' local meeting place of choice is the Angel Grove Youth Center, sometimes referred to as the "Gym and Juice Bar", which is operated by Ernie (ownership transferred to Lt. Jerome Stone during "Power Rangers Turbo"). During the earlier seasons, the Power Rangers spent most of their time in the "Gym and Juice Bar", mainly because the establishment had a lot of activities that the teenagers enjoyed doing.
Throughout the series, the Youth Center held many special events, such as karate classes and karate competition events, as well as birthday parties, costume parties, food drives, dance competitions, and special holiday events.
During Master Vile's "End of the World" party, the Youth Center was the gathering spot of dozens of monsters.
In "Power Rangers in Space", the Youth Center was bought by Adelle Ferguson who remodeled it and renamed it the Surf Spot. 
In "Power Rangers Wild Force", Bulk and Skull worked for Tommy Oliver who owns a restaurant and/or resort.
The Park.
Angel Grove also has a community park, which hosts a number of community events and outdoors-oriented fundraisers. In the early days of "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers", the Rangers would often go to the park after school to play football. On the downside, they would also often wind up battling Putties in the park as well. Somewhere in the park is a Sentinel Statue, a giant stone fist that was animated to become the Scarlet Sentinel by Lord Zedd in "White Light".
The park is home to a bright, crystal-clear lake, which is the site of many tender moments between Power Rangers Tommy Oliver and Kimberly Hart. Tommy also came here to practice karate occasionally. In "Power Rangers Turbo", the lake also served as a hiding place for Divatox and her Subcraft until the Space Base arrived.
The Airport.
Angel Grove hosts a general aviation airport with an air traffic control tower as seen in season one of "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" episode 14, "Foul Play in the Sky"

</doc>
<doc id="18564003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564003" title="Roméo Calenda">
Roméo Calenda

Roméo Calenda (born August 21, 1972 in Meulan, Yvelines) is a French football player, who currently plays for ES Saint-Benoit. 
Career.
He was part of Paris SG squad at the 1996 UEFA Super Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18564007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564007" title="List of architecture magazines">
List of architecture magazines

List of notable architecture magazines

</doc>
<doc id="18564009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564009" title="American Guide Series">
American Guide Series

The American Guide Series was a group of books and pamphlets published under the auspices of the Federal Writers' Project (FWP), a Depression-era works program in the United States. The American Guide Series books were compiled by the FWP, but printed by individual states, and contained detailed histories of each state with descriptions of every city and town. In total, the project 
employed over 6,000 writers. The format was uniform, comprising essays on the state's history and culture, descriptions of its major cities, automobile tours of important attractions, and a portfolio of photographs.

</doc>
<doc id="18564012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564012" title="Economy rice">
Economy rice

Economy rice, found in Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand, refers not to a specific dish in the Singaporean, Malaysian and Thai pantheon of cuisine, but rather to a type of food or a food stall commonly found in hawker centres, street vendors or food courts in these countries. Economy rice is also commonly referred to as chap fan or mixed rice.
Economy rice stalls typically consist of a glass case containing anywhere from 10-15 troughs of cooked food, including meat, vegetables, eggs and tofu. Customers select any combination of these dishes, which are served accompanied by a portion of steamed white rice. In Malaysia, it is more common to find the food on open troughs kept warm by hot water and an electric heater below.
Better quality economy rice stalls have warmers beneath the troughs of food which ensure that food is served hot.
Origins.
Economy rice is thought of as a predominantly Chinese food - it is roughly analogous to the Malay or Indonesian concept of Nasi Padang or Nasi Campur (mixed rice). It is what most Chinese Singaporeans and Malaysians think of when they refer to 'home-cooked food' as it is similar to what would be eaten at home, with rice forming the basis of their meal and accompanied by various cooked dishes.[http://www.penangfaces.chanlilian.net/chinese-economy-rice/]
Economy rice stalls thus evolved as a way for the general public to obtain a quick, and most importantly, cheap meal option outside of home. An Economy Rice meal is usually one of the cheapest options available for a meal at a hawker centre (hence its name), especially if one is judicious in choosing the less expensive dishes (generally vegetables and tofu).
Common dishes.
Common dishes offered at an economy rice stall can include sweet and sour pork, braised tofu, braised cabbage, steamed egg custard, stir-fried Chinese vegetables, fried eggs, and an assortment of deep-fried items. 
True to its Chinese origins, most of the dishes on offer tend to have their roots in Chinese cuisine.
Other names.
Economy rice is known by several other names, and in general conversation it is rare for anyone to refer to it as such, even though many stalls tend to proclaim "Economy rice" on their signboards.
Other names for economy rice include "Chap Chye Png" (杂菜饭, "mixed vegetable rice" in the local Hokkien dialect) and colloquially, "Point Point Rice", named for the method of ordering one's meal which involves simply asking for a plate of rice and then pointing at the various dishes desired. It is unclear how the latter term originated.

</doc>
<doc id="18564013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564013" title="Vilangkattuvalasu">
Vilangkattuvalasu

Vilangkattuvalasu, or Vilangattuvalasu, is a small village in Erode District (State: Tamil Nadu, Country: India)
Vilangkattuvalasu is situated 4 km away from Sivagiri.
Villages around Vilangkattuvalasu include Molapalayam, Sadaiyapapuram, Rangasamudhram, Kandasamypalayam, Valliyampalayam.
Address:
The small Vinayagar temple in Vilangkattuvalasu is a great asset for people of the village.
The Vinayagar temple is the place where people discuss some issues, plays and enjoy their social life.
Kumbabisaeham for the Vinayagar temple occurred in 2000. The next Kumbabisaeham will be in 2012. All the people are expecting eagerly for that event.
Vilangkattuvalasu is an agricultural village. People used to cultivate Sugarcane, rice, turmeric etc. Lower Bhavani Project (LBP) irrigates Vilangkattuvalasu.
Nowadays, this village is slowly losing its uniqueness.
The good thing is the young generation is getting good education, which would surely help in uplift of this village.
Vilangkattuvalasu comes under Modakurichi Legislative Council Constituency and Erode Parliament Constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="18564020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564020" title="Play (Brad Paisley album)">
Play (Brad Paisley album)

Play, also known as Play: The Guitar Album, is the sixth studio album by American country music artist Brad Paisley. It was released on November 4, 2008 (see 2008 in country music). Like all of his previous albums, "Play" was released on Arista Nashville and produced by Frank Rogers. The album is largely instrumental in nature, except for five vocal tracks. One of these tracks, "Start a Band" (a duet with Keith Urban), has been released as a single and has become Paisley's ninth consecutive Number One country hit, and his thirteenth overall. The album cover photograph was taken at Bristow Run Elementary School in Bristow, Virginia.
Content.
"Play" is largely an album of instrumentals, though Paisley sings five duets with other vocalists, including B.B. King, Buck Owens, and Keith Urban. King and Urban both play guitar on their respective duet tracks. Another track, "Cluster Pluck", features James Burton, Vince Gill, Albert Lee, John Jorgenson, Brent Mason, Redd Volkaert and Steve Wariner. The Buck Owens duet is a song which Owens co-wrote. It is not strictly a country music record, featuring jazz guitar and a song described by Paisley as "very heavy metal." The final track, "Waitin' on a Woman", was first included on Paisley's 2005 album "Time Well Wasted", and was later re-recorded as a bonus track to 2007's "5th Gear", from which it was released as a single. The version featured here includes guest vocals from Andy Griffith, and is the version used in the song's music video.
"Start a Band", the only single from the album, was released in September 2008. It is a collaboration with Keith Urban, who sings duet vocals and plays second lead guitar on it, and it reached Number One on the "Billboard" country singles charts in January 2009. At the 51st Grammy Awards, "Cluster Pluck" won the Grammy for Best Country Instrumental Performance, which was awarded to all of the guitarists featured.
Reception.
The album so far has a score of 70 out of 100 from Metacritic based on "generally favorable reviews". Chris Neal of "Country Weekly" magazine gave "Play" four stars out of five, calling it "as indispensable as any album Brad has recorded to date—not to mention one of his best", also noting the "sharp melodies and constantly shifting musical terrain". "Play" received three-and-a-half stars out of five from Allmusic critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine, who referred to most songs as "fallwithin the realm of the expected", but cited others as "pure '80s shred[…revealing a side he's previously camouflaged." Erlewine also said that, like Paisley's other albums, "Play" was "among the most adventurous and best country music of this decade." Ken Tucker of "Billboard" called the album "both outstanding and diverse" and made note of the Buck Owens duet, which he referred to as "bring an old friend back to life with the utmost respect."
Whitney Pastorek, reviewing the album for "Entertainment Weekly", gave the album a B- rating. She referred to the duets as "a welcome respite from all the noodling", but said that as a whole, the album was "an indulgence he's earned but doesn't quite pull off." In his Consumer Guide, Robert Christgau picked out one song from the album, "Waitin' on a Woman", as a "choice cut" (), calling it "a good song on an album that isn't worth your time or money".

</doc>
<doc id="18564021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564021" title="Nechtan of Aberdeen">
Nechtan of Aberdeen

Nechtan of Aberdeen is the first Bishop of Aberdeen after the seat of the bishopric had been moved to Aberdeen from Mortlach. The only contemporary sources for Bishop Nechtan are charters; he appears as "Nectan escob Abberdeon" in a Gaelic charter recorded in the "notitiae" on the "Book of Deer", a charter which explicitly dates to "the eighth year of the reign of David", that is, 1131. He also appears in a charter granted to him by King David I of Scotland, a charter which the modern editor dates to 1137.
Later Medieval authorities make specific claims about dates. Hector Boece, for instance, wrote that Nechtan became bishop in 1122, and that Nechtan ruled Mortlach for 14 years, and a further 17 years at Aberdeen. Moreover, Gavin Dunbar, a 16th-century Archbishop of Glasgow, wrote in his "Epistolare" that Nechtan's see was moved from Mortlach to Aberdeen in the year 1125, partially contradicting the account of Boece. Neither source is particularly reliable.

</doc>
<doc id="18564030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564030" title="Metropolis">
Metropolis

A metropolis is a large city or urban area which is a significant economic, political, and cultural center for a country or region, and an important hub for regional or international connections, commerce, and communications. The term is Greek and means the "mother city" of a colony (in the ancient sense), that is, the city which sent out settlers. This was later generalized to a city regarded as a center of a specified activity, or any large, important city in a nation.
Urban areas of fewer than one million people are rarely considered metropolises in contemporary contexts. Big cities belonging to a larger urban agglomeration, but which are not the core of that agglomeration, are not generally considered a metropolis but a part of it. The plural of the word is most commonly "metropolises".
For urban centers outside metropolitan areas that generate a similar attraction at smaller scale for their region, the term Regiopolis was introduced by German professors in 2006.
Antiquity.
In the past, "metropolis" was the designation for a city or state of origin of a colony. Many large cities founded by ancient civilizations have been considered important world metropolises of their times due to their large populations and importance. Some of these ancient metropolises survived until the modern days and are among the world's oldest continuously inhabited cities.
Etymology and modern usage.
This is a Greek word, coming from μήτηρ, "mḗtēr" meaning "mother" and πόλις, "pólis" meaning "city"/"town", which is how the Greek colonies of antiquity referred to their original cities, with whom they retained cultic and political-cultural connections. The word was used in post-classical Latin for the chief city of a province, the seat of the government and, in particular, ecclesiastically for the seat or see of a metropolitan bishop to whom suffragan bishops were responsible. This usage equates the province with the diocese or episcopal see.
In modern usage the word has come to refer to a metropolitan area, a set of adjacent and interconnected cities clustered around a major urban center. In this sense "metropolitan" usually means "spanning the whole metropolis" (as in "metropolitan administration"); or "proper of a metropolis" (as in "metropolitan life", and opposed to "provincial" or "rural").
Global cities.
The concept of a global city (or world city) is of a city that has a direct and tangible effect on global affairs through socioeconomic means. The term has become increasingly familiar, because of the rise of globalization (i.e., global finance, communications, and travel). An attempt to define and categorize world cities by financial criteria was made by the Globalization and World Cities Study Group & Network (GaWC), based primarily at Loughborough University in England. The study ranked cities based on their provision of "advanced producer services" such as accountancy, advertising, finance and law. The Inventory identifies three levels of world cities and several sub-ranks (see GaWC study).
A metropolis is not necessarily a global city—or, being one, it might not be among the top-ranking—due to its standards of living, development, and infrastructures.
Local definitions by country.
Australia.
The Government of Australia defines a metropolitan area as any statistical division or district with a population of more than 100,000. According to this definition, there are at least 16 metropolitan areas in Australia, including every state capital. By population the largest of these metropolitan areas is Sydney, New South Wales (urban area population at 2011 Census of 3,908,642) and the smallest is Darwin, Northern Territory (Urban area population at 2011 census of 103,016).
Bangladesh.
In the People's Republic of Bangladesh, there are seven metropolitan areas Dhaka, Chittagong, Rajshahi, Khulna, Sylhet, Barisal and Rangpur. Lands are highly priced and residents are considered to have a better urban lifestyle. Special police departments are allotted for the metropolitan cities, and there are city corporations for which mayors are elected for five year regimes. Most of these cities have population density of 35,000/square mile or more. Dhaka is considered a mega city because its population surpasses 10 million.
Bosnia and Herzegowina.
In Bosnia and Herzegovina is Sarajevo the only metropolis and most important city of the country. Sarajevo is Bosnian political, economical, educational, cultural and traffic center. Moreover, Sarajevo has region-wide influence in politics, education, entertainment, media, fashion, science, and the arts. 
Having some 515.012 inhabitants on its metropolitan area, Sarajevo is Jugoslavia´s third largest city and fifth largest in the Balkans.
City of Sarajevo is also popular due to its standards of living, development, and infrastructure. Its also one of the most popular cities worldwide due assassination of the Archduke of Austria in 1914. that sparked World War I. and 1984 Winter Olympics which were held in Sarajevo.
Brazil.
In Brazil, São Paulo is the principal metropolis with over 15 million inhabitants. In the larger cities, such as São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro (6.3 million), favelas (slums) grew over decades as people migrated from rural areas in order to find work. The term used in Brazilian Portuguese for a metropolitan area is "Região Metropolitana". Others metropolises in Brazil that feature over one million inhabitants include: Belém, Belo Horizonte, Campinas, Curitiba, Fortaleza, Goiânia, João Pessoa, Florianópolis, Manaus etc.
Canada.
Statistics Canada defines a census metropolitan area as one or more adjacent municipalities situated around a major urban core where the urban core has a population of at least 100,000. Canada's largest metropolis' are Toronto, Montreal, Vancouver, Ottawa, Calgary and Edmonton.
Denmark.
Statistics Denmark defines a "storby" (Danish for metropolis) as an area with more than 100.000 inhabitants. Inhabited houses must be within 200 meters of each other, or they are not to be considered a single area. Following that definition, Denmark is home to 4 metropolis: Copenhagen (the national capital, with 1.230.728 people), Aarhus (the largest city of the Jutland-peninsula, with 256.018 people), Odense (170.327 people), and finally Aalborg, with 106.916 inhabitants.
Germany.
In Germany a metropolis is a big and important city. The importance of a city is measured with three groups of indicators, also called metropolitan functions: The decision making and control function, the innovation and competition function and the gateway function. These functions are seen as key domains for metropolitan regions in preserving and developing their performance.
In spatial planning a metropolis is usually observed within its regional context, thus the focus is mainly set on the metropolitan regions. These regions can be mono central or multi central. Eleven metropolitan regions have been defined due to these indicators:
Berlin-Brandenburg, Bremen-Oldenburg, Frankfurt-Rhein-Main, Hamburg, Hannover-Braunschweig-Göttingen-Wolfsburg, Mitteldeutschland (Dresden, Halle, Leipzig), München, Nürnberg, Rhein-Ruhr, Stuttgart and Rhein-Neckar.
India.
In India, declared metropolitan cities are Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Pune, Surat and Jaipur. Residents of these cities are also entitled to a higher house-rent allowance. The Census Commission defines the qualification for metropolitan city as a population more than four million.
Israel.
In Israel there are four main metropolitan areas: Tel Aviv, Jerusalem, Haifa, Beer Sheva. "Israel Central Bureau of Statistics" has defined the boundaries of metropolitan areas of Tel Aviv, Haifa and Beer Sheva, and divided the metropolitan area concentric rings that define the intensity of the main city links.
Lebanon.
Beirut, Sidon, and Tripoli are three of the main metropolitan areas along the Lebanese coast. Most of Lebanon's metropolitan areas and biggest cities are situated along the coast.
Italy.
With the 2001 reform of the Title V of the Constitution of Italy, the Italian republic has provided for the institution of "Aree Metropolitane". "Aree Metropolitane" will be instituted at least for the major conurbations of Rome, Milan, Turin and Naples, but, , it is yet unclear whether the "Aree Metropolitane" will replace Provinces, or just be added to the older administrative subdivisions.
Turkey.
In Turkey the metropolitan cities are described as "büyükşehir belediyesi." There are 17 metropolitan municipalities in Turkey now.
Japan.
The Japanese legal term "to" (都) is commonly translated as "metropolis". Structured like a prefecture instead of a normal city, there is only one "to" in Japan, namely Tokyo. , Japan has 11 other cities with populations greater than one million.
Mexico.
In Mexico, the term metropolis is used to refer to an urban area of economic, political, and cultural importance. Mexico City represents all three factors as it is the country's capital and financial center.
Pakistan.
In Pakistan, the major metropolitan cities are Karachi and Lahore. Others include the nation's capital, Islamabad, and Faisalabad, which is an industrial hub.
Philippines.
Metropolitan Manila, or simply Metro Manila, is the metropolitan region encompassing the City of Manila and its surrounding areas in the Philippines. It is composed of 17 cities namely City of Manila, Caloocan, Las Piñas, Makati, Malabon, Mandaluyong, Marikina, Muntinlupa, Navotas, Pasay, Pasig, Parañaque, Quezon City, San Juan, Taguig, Valenzuela, and the Municipality of Pateros. The region is the political, economic, social, cultural, and educational center of the Philippines. As proclaimed by Presidential Decree No. 940, Metro Manila as a whole is the Philippines' seat of government but the City of Manila is the capital. The largest city in the metropolis is Quezon City, while the largest business district is the Makati Central Business District.
Poland.
The "Union of Polish Metropolises" (), established in 1990, is an organization of the largest cities in the country. Currently twelve cities are members of the organization, of which 11 have more than a quarter-million inhabitants. The largest metropolitan area in Poland, if ranked solely by the number of inhabitants, is the Silesian Metropolis (in fact a metroplex), with 2 million inhabitants (5 million inhabitants in the Silesian metropolitan area), followed by Warsaw, with 1.7 million inhabitants in the city proper and 2.7 million in the Warsaw metropolitan area. The Silesian Metropolis is an initiative of recent years attempting to unite a large conurbation into one official urban unit. Other polish metropolises are e.x. Kraków, Wrocław or Poznań
South Africa.
In South Africa, a metropolitan municipality or "Category A municipality" is a municipality which executes all the functions of local government for a conurbation. This is by contrast to areas which are primarily rural, where the local government is divided into district municipalities (comparable to a "county" in the US) and local municipalities. There are eight metropolitan municipalities in South Africa.
South Korea.
In the Republic of Korea there are seven special and metropolitan cities at autonomous administrative levels include: Seoul, Busan, Incheon, Daegu, Gwangju, Daejeon and Ulsan.
UK.
In the UK, the term "the Metropolis" was used to refer to London, or the London conurbation. The term is retained by the London police force, the Metropolitan Police Service (the "Met"). The chief officer of the Metropolitan Police is formally known as the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis.
Since 1974 six conurbations (outside London) have been known as metropolitan counties, each divided into metropolitan districts. Other conurbations in the United Kingdom are also sometimes considered to be metropolitan areas, most notably the West Midlands (centred around the city of Birmingham), West Yorkshire (centred around the city of Leeds), Greater Manchester and Greater Glasgow which make up the most densely populated areas in the British Isles outside of London.
USA.
In the USA, an incorporated area or group of areas having a population more than 50,000 is required to have a metropolitan planning organization in order to facilitate major infrastructure projects and to ensure financial solvency. Thus, a population of 50,000 or greater has been used as a de facto standard to define a "metropolis" in the United States. A similar definition is used by the United States Census Bureau. The bureau defines a metropolitan statistical area as "at least one urbanized area of 50,000 or more inhabitants."
The six largest metropolitan cities in the USA are New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, and Philadelphia, with New York City being the largest.
Metropolis as a mainland area.
In France, Portugal, Spain, and the Netherlands "metropolis" ("métropole" (Fr.) / "metrópole" (Port.) / "metrópoli" (Spa.) / "metropool" (Dutch)) designates the mainland part of a country near or on the European continent; in the case of France, this would mean France without its overseas departments. For Portugal and Spain during the Spanish Empire and Portuguese Empire period, the term was used to designate Portugal or Spain except its colonies (the "Ultramar"). In France "métropole" is also used to refer to large agglomerations.

</doc>
<doc id="18564042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564042" title="What About Me">
What About Me

What About Me may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18564057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564057" title="Vammalan Lentopallo">
Vammalan Lentopallo

Vammalan Lentopallo — Valepa is volleyball team in southwest Finland founded in 1978. It is based in the Vammala district of the town of Sastamala, in the Pirkanmaa Region. Valepa plays in the highest level in Finland.
History.
Vammalan Lentopallo was founded 1978, with the club's first season in SM-liiga in 1980-1981. The team's best result to date is champion title for season 2012. Valepa played in the European Cup in the 2008-2009 season, where it lost 0-2 to the Bulgarian "Neftehimik Burgas" team. 2012-2013 VaLePa played in CEV Cup. First round was against Estonian side Selver Tallinn. VaLePa won trough golden set. Selver - VaLePa 3-2, VaLePa - Selver 3-0. Second round VaLePa faced italian Andreoli Latina which was stronger in golden set. VaLePa- Latina 3-1, Latina - VaLePa 3-0.
New Arena:
Season 2012-2013 was a big change for the club. Old small homeground Sylvää was abandoned for new bigger VexVe Arena. The team sometimes still train in Sylvää and second team also plays there some of their games.

</doc>
<doc id="18564103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564103" title="José Manuel García">
José Manuel García

José Manuel García González (born 24 January 1966 in León) is a retired Spanish long-distance runner. He specialized in the marathon and cross-country running.

</doc>
<doc id="18564110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564110" title="Russula caerulea">
Russula caerulea

Russula caerulea, commonly known as the humpback brittlegill, is a member of the "Russula" genus, whose members are also known as brittlegills. It is a dark vinaceous or purple-colored edible mushroom, and grows with coniferous trees in late summer and autumn. It is found in Europe and North America.
Taxonomy.
First described by mycologist Christian Hendrik Persoon in his 1801 work "Synopsis methodica fungorum" as "Agaricus caeruleus", its specific epithet is the Latin "caeruleus" meaning "blue". It was transferred to the genus "Russula" in 1838 by the Swedish father of mycology Elias Magnus Fries. The 1927 name "Russula amara" by Kučera is a synonym.
Description.
The cap is 3–10 cm (1.2–4 in) in diameter. It is dark purplish-brown, with a dark, sometimes almost black centre. At first it is convex, or even nearly bell-shaped, but later flattens. It nearly always retains a broad pointed boss (umbo) in the cap centre which is a profile that is almost unique within the genus. The cap skin peels to two-thirds, and it later has a furrowed margin. The firm, white stipe is 4–9 cm (1.6–3.6 in) high, 1–2 cm (0.4–0.8 in) wide and narrowly club-shaped. The gills are adnexed to almost free, and are pale ochre, giving a spore print of the same colour. They are quite closely spaced initially. The flesh is white and tastes mild, but the cap skin is bitter on the tongue. 
Similar species.
"Russula atropurpurea" (Krombh.) Britzelm is infrequent with conifers, preferring deciduous woods, and forests. Its cap is never umbonate, but usually depressed.
"Russula viscida" Kudrna has no umbo either, and is very rare. The cuticle of the cap hardly peels at all.
Distribution and habitat.
"Russula caerulea" appears in late summer and autumn. It is widespread in the northern temperate zones, Europe, Asia, and North America. It is probably mycorrhizal with pine trees ("Pinus"), on sandy soils.
Edibility.
This mushroom is edible, but has a bitter cap skin after chewing.

</doc>
<doc id="18564112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564112" title="Tampere Hall">
Tampere Hall

The Tampere Hall () is the largest concert and congress centre in the Nordic countries, located in the southern edge of Sorsapuisto, in the centre of Tampere, Finland. Opposite of the Tampere Hall is the main building of the University of Tampere, and the Tampere railway station is only half a kilometre away. The main auditorium has capacity of 1,756 seats.
Due to its central location, Tampere Hall hosts many small fairs, including the first ever Finncon in Tampere. The Tampere Opera and the Tampere Philharmonic Orchestra are also based there.
The Managing Director of the Tampere Hall is Paulina Ahokas. Previous Managing Directors have included Carl Öhman, Kaarina Suonio, and Kalervo Kummola.
As of the year 2012, the Tampere Hall has been nominated five times as the best congress venue in Finland. 

</doc>
<doc id="18564119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564119" title="Tunglam">
Tunglam

Thunglam is a suburban area in Visakhapatnam.
History.
Thungalam, a fast developing village, has a history of over 100 years. Nothing historical here but, has been recognised in many aspects.
Features.
This place is from Visakhapatnam airport, from Visakhapatnam Railway station and 6 km from Duvvada railway station.
Other Information.
Most of the people living here work in AutoNagar industrial area. On November 14, 2008, Mr.RamojiRao of eenadu group will inaugurate EENADU main office which is presently located at Seethmmadara. This place is in Gajuwaka Constituency, which is previously a part of Pendurthi constituency before constituency reformations. The first counselor of this ward was Mr.Kaki. Govinda Reddy of TDP party. This ward has been awarded "fastest developing ward" under the ruling of Mr.Govind Reddy. Telugu Desam Party which was led by Mr Chandra Babu Naidu gave him State secretary and also worked as Telugu Yuvatha Chief Secretary of Andhra Pradesh. BHPV,a well-renowned company which has been taken over by BHEL recently is just besides Tunglam. Most of the people from here work abroad, mostly in Singapore, Qatar and Dubai. This village was previously in Gajuwaka municipality with 5th ward and now merged into Greater Visakha Municipal Corporation with 59th ward.
In 20th April 1989 the fans of Sri kala Ratna NTR & Bala Krishna Fans Constructed Jai Santoshimatha Temple. This mandir was reconstructed by nandamuri fans with around 10Lakhs rupees and was inaugurated by Mr Kala Ratna Nandamuri Bala Krishna on 24th February, 2011. He attended to various poojas at this place.
Transport.
RTC buses are available here 1 & 1T. also buses are available at BHPV.

</doc>
<doc id="18564124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564124" title="Write strategy">
Write strategy

In DVD authoring, a write strategy is a set of low-level parameters that enables an optical disc drive to write on a specific type of blank media according to its optimum specifications. The media type is identified by the manufacturer and media ID, which is often unrelated to the brand of the media due to rebadging. Write strategies are essential for compatibility with various types of blank media, and are typically stored in the drive's firmware. If a drive lacks a write strategy for a media type, it will only be able to write using minimum speed. Drive manufacturers typically include new or improved write strategies as part of a firmware upgrade, in order to extend or improve compatibility with blank media. In cases where official support for a drive has been discontinued or is deemed unsatisfactory, users have come up with ways to patch the write strategies by modding the drive's firmware.
Learning.
Many DVD-writers have a learning feature (branded with names like "smart-burn") that allows the drive to collect empirical data from its actual usage. The drive stores data from previous burns in its EEPROM, allowing it to adapt the default write strategies to account for individual drive variations, such as calibration, which may be affected by environment and age.
A newer feature contained in some DVD writers allows a drive to invent write strategies for unknown media types, ostensibly reducing its dependence on firmware to provide explicit compatibility. However, because the drive initially knows nothing of the media type, early burns are frequently of poor quality, and the media's optimal strategy may never be found. Thus, in practice, this form of learning is generally a last resort, and firmware support is preferable. An attempt to address this weakness is online learning, which allows the drives to share learned data. Branded technologies that incorporate this form of learning have been given names like "solid burn" and "hypertuning".
In either case, if the history data is reset, or if the data is skewed by a series of irregular burns, the speed and/or quality of a typical burn may not be optimal until the history is repopulated with proper result data again.

</doc>
<doc id="18564127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564127" title="Collective punishment">
Collective punishment

Collective punishment is the punishment of a group of people as a result of the behavior of one or more other individuals or groups. The punished group may often have no direct association with the other individuals or groups, or direct control over their actions. In times of war and armed conflict, collective punishment has resulted in atrocities, and is a violation of the laws of war and the Geneva Conventions. Historically, occupying powers have used collective punishment to retaliate against and deter attacks on their forces by resistance movements (e.g. destroying entire towns and villages where such attacks have occurred).
History.
2nd century BC.
During the Qin Dynasty of China (221BC – 207BC), emperor Qin Shi Huang upheld his rule by enforcing strict laws, with the most serious of crimes, such as treason, punishable by what is known as nine familial exterminations - this involved the execution of the perpetrator's entire families as well as the perpetrators themselves, where the members are categorized into nine groups. The process of familial extermination was carried on by subsequent Chinese dynasties for serious crimes, with a significant number of recorded sentences during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644), until the punishment was officially repealed by the government of the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912) in 1905.
9th - 15th century.
In the Tithing, groups of ten men swearing the Frankpledge, the compulsory sharing of responsibility and punishment, was in use at least since the time of Alfred the Great in the 9th century. The Statute of Winchester of 1285 provided that "the whole hundred … shall be answerable" for any theft or robbery.
18th century.
The Intolerable Acts were seen as a collective punishment of Massachusetts for the Boston Tea Party.
19th century.
The principle of collective punishment was laid out by Union General William Tecumseh Sherman in his Special Field Order 120, November 9, 1864, which laid out the rules for his "March to the sea" in the American Civil War:
V. To army corps commanders alone is entrusted the power to destroy mills, houses, cotton-gins, etc..., and for them this general principle is laid down: In districts and neighborhoods where the army is unmolested, no destruction of such property should be permitted; but should guerrillas or bushwhackers molest our march, or should the inhabitants burn bridges, obstruct roads, or otherwise manifest local hostility, then army commanders should order and enforce a devastation more or less relentless according to the measure of such hostility.
20th century.
United States.
In 1906, 167 Black U.S. soldiers stationed in Brownsville, Texas were dishonorably discharged by orders of President Theodore Roosevelt in response to the shooting of two white citizens in the middle of the night of August 13, 1906. One man was killed and the other, a police lieutenant, was injured and it was never discovered who the shooter(s) were, though they were presumed to have been members of the nearby Fort Brown. The soldiers of Companies Bravo, Charlie, and Delta of the 25th infantry regiment, many of whom served in Cuba and the Philippines, were punished for the crime collectively and they were not entitled to pensions.
Nazi Germany war crimes.
Poland.
During the occupation of Poland by Nazi Germany, the Germans applied collective responsibility: in Poland, any kind of help given to a person of Jewish faith or origin was punishable by death, and that not only for the rescuer but also for his/her family. This was widely publicized by the Germans. During the occupation, for every German killed by a Pole, 100-400 Poles were shot in retribution. Communities were held collectively responsible for the purported Polish counter-attacks against the invading German troops. Mass executions of roundup (pol: "łapanka") hostages were conducted every single day during the Wehrmacht advance across Poland in September 1939 and thereafter. Poland has lost over 5 million citizens during the occupation by Nazi Germany, mostly civilians.
Other countries.
British forces in the Boer Wars and the Germans in both the Franco-Prussian War and World War I justified such actions as being in accord with the laws of war then in force.
In the summer of 1941 during World War II, Nazi troops executed several hundred people in Kondomari, Alikianos, Kandanos and elsewhere in retaliation for the participation of Cretan civilians to the Battle of Crete. During its occupation by the Axis from 1941 to 1944, Greece paid a remarkably high death toll due to reprisals against the support and involvement of the population in the Resistance. Large scale massacres were carried out in places such as Domeniko, Kommeno, Viannos, Drakeia, Kalavryta, Mesovouno, Distomo, Kedros, Chortiatis and many others.
In Yugoslavia (now Serbia), Nazi troops killed 434 men in three villages near Kragujevac on October 19, 1941 as punishment for previous actions of the Serbian resistance movement. In the next two days, the Nazis also killed more than 13,000 people in Kraljevo, Kragujevac, and Sumarice, including 300 students from Kragujevac First High School. In 1942, the Germans destroyed the village of Lidice, Czechoslovakia (now the Czech Republic) killing 340 inhabitants as collective punishment or reprisal for that year's assassination of Reinhard Heydrich by nearby commandos; the village (the village of Ležáky was also destroyed in retribution). In the French village of Oradour-sur-Glane 642 of its inhabitants — men, women, and children — were slaughtered by the German Waffen-SS in 1944. In the Dutch village of Putten and the Italian villages of Sant'Anna di Stazzema and Marzabotto, as well as in the Soviet village of Kortelisy (in what is now Ukraine), large scale reprisal killings were carried out by the Germans.
Expulsion of Germans after the war.
The Expulsion of Germans after World War II by Soviets, Poles and Czechoslovaks has been sometimes justified as collective punishment. The goal was to punish the Germans; the Allies declared them collectively guilty of German war crimes. In the US and UK the ideas of German collective guilt and collective punishment originated not with the US and British people, but on higher policy levels. Not until late in the war did the US public assign collective responsibility to the German people.
British Empire.
According to "The New York Times", the British planned "'collective punishment' for aiding Reds, rewards and more troops" in Malaya in 1951. The British used collective punishment as an official policy to suppress the Mau Mau uprising in Kenya in 1952. In 1956, Britain officially used collective punishment in Cyprus in the form of evicting families from their homes and closing shops anywhere British soldiers and police had been murdered, to obtain information about the identity(ies) of the attackers Today, it is considered by most nations contradictory to the modern concept of due process, where each individual receives separate treatment based on his or her role in the crime in question. Article 33 of the Fourth Geneva Convention specifically forbids collective punishment.
USSR.
Joseph Stalin's mass deportations of many nationalities of the USSR to remote regions (including the Chechens, Crimean Tatars, Volga Germans and many others) is an example of officially-orchestrated collective punishment.
The partial removal of potentially trouble-making ethnic groups was a technique used consistently by Stalin during his career: Poles (1939–1941 and 1944–1945), Romanians (1941 and 1944–1953), Estonians, Latvians and Lithuanians (1941 and 1945–1949), Volga Germans (1941), Chechens, Ingushs (1944). Shortly before, during and immediately after World War II, Stalin conducted a series of deportations on a huge scale which profoundly affected the ethnic map of the Soviet Union.It is estimated that between 1941 and 1949 nearly 3.3 million were deported to Siberia and the Central Asian republics. By some estimates up to 43% of the resettled population died of diseases and malnutrition.
The deportations started with Poles from Belarus, Ukraine and European Russia (see Poles in the former Soviet Union) 1932-1936. Koreans in the Russian Far East were deported in 1937 (see Deportation of Koreans in the Soviet Union). After the Soviet invasion of Poland following the corresponding German invasion that marked the start of World War II in 1939, the Soviet Union annexed eastern parts (so-called ""Kresy"") of the Second Polish Republic. During 1939-1941 1.45 million people inhabiting the region were deported by the Soviet regime, of whom 63.1% were Poles, and 7.4% were Jews. The same followed in the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and. More than 200,000 people are estimated to have been deported from the Baltic in 1940-1953. 10% of the entire adult Baltic population was deported or sent to labor camps. (see June deportation, Operation Priboi, Soviet deportations from Estonia) Volga Germans and seven (overwhelmingly Turkic or non-Slavic) nationalities of the Crimea and the northern Caucasus were deported: the Crimean Tatars, Kalmyks, Chechens, Ingush, Balkars, Karachays, and Meskhetian Turks. All Crimean Tatars were deported "en masse", in a form of collective punishment.
Pogroms may be considered examples of unofficial collective punishment which resemble rioting. About 14 million East Germans were moved out of what was Germany; 3 million of them died.
Azerbaijan.
Black January was a massacre of civilians committed by the Red Army in the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic in 1990. The Human Rights Watch report entitled "Black January in Azerbaijan" states: "Indeed, the violence used by the Soviet Army on the night of January 19–20 was so out of proportion to the resistance offered by Azerbaijanis as to constitute an exercise in collective punishment."
21st century.
In the Israeli/Palestinian conflict.
Israel's current blockade of Gaza has been criticized by the International Committee of the Red Cross, in a United Nations report, and by various other organisations as collective punishment aimed at the Palestinians. The Israeli practice of demolishing the houses of Palestinians who are detained, suspected or convicted for crimes against them has also been alleged to be a form of collective punishment, as their family will be punished for their acts, if any, by losing their homes, in violation of international law. 
India.
The 1984 anti-Sikh riots or the 1984 Sikh Massacre was a riot directed against Sikhs in India, by anti-Sikh mobs, in response to the assassination of Indira Gandhi by her Sikh bodyguards, there were more than 3000 deaths. CBI is of the opinion that the acts of violence were well organized with support from the then Delhi police officials and the central government headed by Indira Gandhi's son, Rajiv Gandhi. Rajiv a congress member, who was sworn in as the Prime Minister after his mother's death, when asked about the riots said "when a big tree falls, the earth shakes".
In 2011, Human Rights Watch reported the Government of India had "yet to prosecute those responsible for the mass killings". The 2011 WikiLeaks cable leaks revealed that the United States was convinced about the complicity of Indian Government ruled by the Indian National Congress in the riots, and termed it as "opportunism" and "hatred" of the Congress government against Sikhs. Also in 2011, a new set of mass graves were discovered in Haryana, and Human Rights Watch reported that "Widespread anti-Sikh attacks in Haryana were part of broader revenge attacks" in India.
Pakistan.
On 20 May 2008, the Pakistan Army conducted collective punishment against a village called Spinkai, located in the frontier province of Pakistan. The operation was called 'zalzala' which is Arabic for earthquake. At first, the Pakistan Army swept through with helicopter gunships, artillery and tanks that crunched across a parched riverbed. After four days of heavy fighting, 25 militants and six soldiers died. The rest of the militants retreated up the valley. After the capture of the village the army discovered bomb factories, detonation-ready suicide jackets and schools for teenage suicide bombers.
The Pakistan Army immediately decided to punish the village for harboring the Taliban and allowing the militants to operate in and from the village to conduct further terror attacks in Pakistan. Bulldozers and explosives experts turned Spinkai's bazaar into a mile-long pile of rubble. Petrol stations, shops, and even parts of the hospital were leveled or blown up. The villagers were forbidden from returning to their homes.
Pakistani commanders, who were speaking to the media, insisted they had been merciful in their application of "collective punishment" - a practice invented by the British who demarcated the tribal areas over a century ago.
South Africa.
South Africa still retains the Apartheid-era law of common purpose, by which those who make up part of a group can be punished for the crimes of other group members, even if they were not themselves actively involved. In August 2012 this came to public attention when 270 miners were threatened with prosecution for participating in a demonstration. During the demonstration at the Marikana mine, 34 miners were shot by police. Many of the miners were armed. When prosecutors said they would pursue charges against other miners who were part of the protest, there was a public outcry.
Syria.
Throughout most of Syria's ongoing civil war, collective punishment was a recurring method used by the Syrian government to quell opposition cities and suburbs throughout the country whereby entire cities would be sieged, shelled, and destroyed, if that city was deemed as pro-opposition.
Upon retaking the capital Damascus after the Battle of Damascus (2012), the Syrian government began a campaign of collective punishment against Sunni suburbs in-and-around the capital which had supported FSA presence in their neighborhoods.
In opposition-controlled cities and districts in Aleppo province and Aleppo city reports indicate that the Syrian government is attacking civilians at bread bakeries with artillery rounds and rockets, with the reports indicating that the bakeries were shelled indiscriminately. HRW said these are war crimes, as the only military targets in the areas were the few rebels manning the bakeries and that dozens of civilians were killed.
In Idlib province in the northwest of the country, entire cities were shelled and bombed for sheltering opposition activists and rebels, with the victims mostly civilians, along with heavy financial losses.

</doc>
<doc id="18564130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564130" title="Sit on It">
Sit on It

Sit on it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18564144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564144" title="Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense">
Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense

Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense (), commonly known as just Grêmio, is a Brazilian professional association football team based in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul that plays in the Campeonato Gaúcho and the Série A the highest professional leagues in Rio Grande do Sul state and Brazil, respectively.
Grêmio was founded by English and German immigrants on September 15, 1903. Major titles captured by Grêmio include one Intercontinental Cup, two Copa Libertadores de América, two national championships and four national cups. Grêmio plays in a tricolor (blue, white and black) striped shirt, black shorts and white socks (first kit).
History.
The beginning.
On September 7, 1903 Brazil's first football team, Sport Club Rio Grande, played an exhibition match in Porto Alegre. An entrepreneur from Sorocaba, São Paulo named Cândido Dias was besotted with the sport and went to the ground to watch the match. During the match, the ball deflated. As the only owner of a football in Porto Alegre, he lent his ball to the players, and the match resumed. After the match, he talked to the players about how to found a football club. On September 15, 1903, 32 people, including Cândido Dias, met at Salão Grau restaurant in the city and founded Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense. Carlos Luiz Bohrer was elected as first president.
The new club's first match took place on March 6, 1904, against Fuss Ball Porto Alegre, the first of two matches played that day. Grêmio won the first match 1–0. Unfortunately, newspaper reports of the time do not record the name of the player who scored the first goal in the club's history. The trophy Grêmio won that day, the Wanderpreis, still exists and is displayed at the club's museum. Five months later, Grêmio opened its first stadium, named Baixada.
In the early years of Grêmio's history, football was not a very popular game in Brazil and few teams existed. On July 18, 1909, Grêmio beat Internacional 10–0 on the latter's debut. Grêmio's goalkeeper Kallfelz reportedly left the field and went to talk with fans during the match. Even now this victory is remembered with pride by the Gremistas (Grêmio supporters). The match was the starting point for a strong rivalry which lives on to this day. Gre–Nal is the name given to this city derby.
Grêmio was one of the founding members of Porto Alegre's football league in 1910, and in 1911 won the city league for the first time. On August 25, 1912, in a city league match, Grêmio beat Sport Clube Nacional of Porto Alegre 23–0. Sisson scored 14 goals in the match in Grêmio's biggest ever win.
In 1918, Grêmio was one of the founders of "Fundação Rio-Grandense de Desportes" (later known as Federação Gaúcha de Futebol), a club federation which organized the first state championships of Rio Grande do Sul. The first championship was scheduled for 1918, but the Spanish flu epidemic forced the whole event to be postponed until 1919. In 1921, a year after the arrival of legendary goalkeeper "Eurico Lara", Grêmio won its first state championship.
Grêmio enjoyed many pioneering moments in the 20th century. On July 7, 1911 Grêmio beat Uruguay's national team 2–1. In 1931, Grêmio became one of the first teams in Brazil to play matches at night after installing floodlights at its Estádio Baixada. On May 19, 1935, Grêmio became the first team from Rio Grande do Sul to beat a team from the state of São Paulo (considered the strongest Brazilian league at the time) when it defeated Santos 3–2. Grêmio was also the first club outside Rio de Janeiro state to play at the Maracanã Stadium, defeating Flamengo 3–1 in 1950.
During this period, Grêmio started to earn a reputation abroad. In 1932 it played its first international match in Rivera (Uruguay). In 1949, the match against Uruguay's Nacional ended in a 3–1 win for Grêmio and the players received a hero's welcome on their return to Porto Alegre. In that same year, Grêmio played for the first time in Central America. During the years 1953–1954, Grêmio travelled to Mexico, Ecuador and Colombia, an achievement dubbed "the conquest of the Americas". On February 25, 1959, Grêmio defeated Boca Juniors 4–1 in Buenos Aires, becoming the first foreign team to beat Boca at La Bombonera Stadium. And in 1961, Grêmio went for its first (and very successful) European jaunt, playing 24 games in 11 countries: France, Romania, Belgium, Greece, Germany, Poland, Bulgaria, Luxembourg, Denmark, Estonia and Russia.
Professionalism at the club.
The Gremistas (Grêmio fans) were growing in number. 1946 saw the first appearance of the famous statement "com o Grêmio onde o Grêmio estiver" ("with Grêmio wherever Grêmio may be"), which was later incorporated at Grêmio's official anthem. This phrase was created by "Salim Nigri", one of the most famous and revered Grêmio fans. It celebrates the Gremistas reputation for attending all Grêmio matches, regardless of the difficulties and obstacles, making long trips to follow their team wherever they played.
In the late 1950s, Grêmio joined the Taça Brasil, as the Brazilian league was known at the time. The team reached the Taça Brasil semifinals in 1959, 1963 and 1967. In 1968, the team won its first international title in a friendly cup with teams from Brazil and Uruguay. In 1954, Grêmio first played at what was the biggest private stadium in Brazil at the time, the Olímpico Stadium.
In 1971, the Taça Brasil championship was replaced by the Campeonato Brasileiro, which is the top football showcase in Brazil today. The first goal ever scored in the Campeonato Brasileiro was by Grêmio player Néstor Scotta, an Argentine, in a match against São Paulo at Estádio do Morumbi. Grêmio maintained a series of respectable results in Campeonato Brasileiro, usually staying at the top half of the league table.
Valdir Espinosa and the Intercontinental Cup 1983.
The greatest period in Grêmio's history came in the 1980s, coinciding with the completion in July 1980 of their new stadium, the Olímpico Monumental. On May 3, 1981, Grêmio won its first Campeonato Brasileiro after defeating São Paulo in the final at the Morumbi Stadium in São Paulo. The scores in the two-leg final were 2–1 at Olímpico and 1–0 for Grêmio at Morumbi. The winning goal was scored by striker Baltazar. Earlier, on April 26, 1981 Olímpico had its biggest attendance ever, when 98,421 fans watched Grêmio lose to Ponte Preta 0–1 in the Campeonato Brasileiro semi-final. This record will never be beaten, as the Olímpico Monumental was later rebuilt and now holds no more than 50,000 people.
1983 was the most successful year in Grêmio's history. First, Grêmio won the South-American Copa Libertadores, after a consistent yet eventful campaign. One of the matches of the triangular semi-final, the 3–3 draw against Estudiantes at Jorge Luis Hirschi Stadium, became legendary for its belligerence on and off the pitch, and is dubbed the "Batalha de La Plata" ("Battle of La Plata"), in reference to the hometown of Estudiantes. In the finals, Grêmio beat the 1982 South America and World champions Peñarol from Uruguay, with a 1–1 draw in Montevideo and a 2–1 win in Porto Alegre. The winning goal was scored by César just before the end of the match. A year later, Grêmio was runner-up in the Copa Libertadores final, being defeated by Argentina's Independiente.
Also in 1983, Grêmio won the Intercontinental Cup after defeating Hamburger SV of Germany 2–1. Renato scored both goals, and Uruguayan defender De León and goalkeeper Mazaropi were also regarded as heroes of this victory. In Porto Alegre, Grêmio's fans began the chant: ""The Earth is Blue"". Another chant created by Grêmio's fans when the club won the World Club title was "Nada Pode Ser Maior" ("Nothing Can Be Greater"). Soon after winning the Intercontinental Cup, Grêmio beat America of Mexico in Los Angeles, and won the Los Angeles Cup.
In 1989, Grêmio won the first Copa do Brasil, a Brazilian knockout cup featuring football teams from all around the country. After humiliating Flamengo – the best supported football team in Brazil – with a 6–1 win in the second leg of the semifinals, Grêmio defeated Sport Recife in the final, with a 0–0 draw in Recife and a 2–1 win in Porto Alegre.
In 1991, after a poor season, Grêmio was relegated for the first time to the Brazilian Second Division of Campeonato Brasileiro, but gained immediate promotion back to the Campeonato Brasileiro's elite in the following season (1993). After this return to top form, 1994 saw Grêmio win its second Copa do Brasil, defeating Ceará in the two-leg final (0–0 and 1–0), the solitary goal scored by striker Nildo. The club then started its Tokyo Project.
Luiz Felipe Scolari (Felipão) and the Libertadores 1995.
In May 1995, under head coach Luiz Felipe Scolari, Grêmio was runner-up in the Copa do Brasil, losing the final match to Corinthians 0–1 at Olímpico Monumental. In August, a few days after beating arch-rivals Internacional for the state title with a reserve squad, the club won the Copa Libertadores for the second time. In the finals, Grêmio defeated Atlético Nacional of Colombia, by winning 3–1 in Porto Alegre and drawing 1–1 in Medellín. The tournament was marked by the matches against Palmeiras in the quarter-finals. Palmeiras had perhaps the best squad on the competition, with players such as Rivaldo, Cafu, Edmundo, César Sampaio, Antônio Carlos, Roberto Carlos and Mancuso, but was beaten by Grêmio on the 1st leg in an epic 5–0 match with a hat-trick from Jardel in the 2nd half. In the 2nd match Palmeiras beat Grêmio in another incredible match by a 5–1 score, which wasn't quite enough for Palmeiras.
In the World Club tournament, Grêmio had a player sent off and was eventually defeated by Ajax Amsterdam of the Netherlands in the penalty shootout. Early 1996 saw Grêmio win the Recopa Sudamericana, beating Argentina's Independiente 4–1.
On December 15, 1996, Grêmio won its second Campeonato Brasileiro, after defeating Portuguesa in the final. Portuguesa won the first match at home 2–0, and therefore Grêmio was forced to win the final match at Porto Alegre for the same score or more. Grêmio got to 2–0, with midfielder Ailton scoring the second goal a few minutes before the final whistle. Grêmio won the title due to their higher finish in the league.
In 1997, Grêmio won its third Copa do Brasil title. In the finals against Romário's Flamengo, Grêmio won on away goals after a 0–0 draw in Porto Alegre and a 2–2 in Rio de Janeiro. Four years later, in 2001, Grêmio won its fourth Copa do Brasil, defeating Corinthians. The first leg of the final, in Porto Alegre, finished with the score of 2–2. The second game in São Paulo ended with a 3–1 Grêmio victory, in a match which is regarded by many as one of the finest in Grêmio's history.
Batalha dos Aflitos and the Libertadores 2007.
In 2004, after performing poorly for two consecutive seasons in the Série A, Grêmio finished bottom of the league and was once again relegated to Campeonato Brasileiro's Second Division. Grêmio's task was much more difficult this time, with only two clubs able to qualify for promotion to the First Division. On November 26, 2005, at Estádio dos Aflitos, Recife, Grêmio had four players sent off and two penalty kicks against them. The first penalty was shot off the post by Bruno Carvalho in the first half when Grêmio still had 11 players on the field; the second was saved by goalkeeper Galatto after Grêmio had been reduced to 7 men. Grêmio beat Náutico by 1–0, with Anderson the scorer. With this victory, Grêmio won the Série B of the Campeonato Brasileiro and were promoted back to the Série A. That crucial match is referred to by fans as "The Battle of the Aflitos" ("A Batalha dos Aflitos", "Aflitos" being the name of Náutico's home field), because all the incidents both on and off the pitch resembled a true battle. The match became so legendary for Grêmio supporters that two movies and a book were made to tell the story.
On April 9, 2006, at Estádio Beira-Rio, Grêmio won the state championship against Internacional, preventing its rival from winning a fifth title in a row. Playing away, Grêmio managed to obtain a 1–1 draw at the last match, enough to secure the title. Grêmio players said after the match that there were more than 50,000 Internacional fans in Beira Rio's Stadium, and they could still hear the noise made by 6,000 Gremistas, which was an extra source of motivation. In 2007, at Estádio Olímpico Monumental, Grêmio won the state championship (Campeonato Gaúcho) once again, against Juventude. In the semifinals against Caxias, Grêmio suffered a 3–0 defeat in the first match, but managed to score a 4–0 win at Olímpico to qualify to the final.
Also in 2007, Grêmio reached the final of the 2007 Copa Libertadores, after a series of dramatic games against the top clubs in South America. Even after a 3–0 defeat at the away match, Gremistas formed huge lines to buy tickets for the final game in Porto Alegre, with some of the fans queuing for four days or more. In the 2007 Série A, Grêmio came sixth in the league table.
In 2008, after the sudden firing of their new head coach Vagner Mancini, the club hired Celso Roth. Within a month they had prematurely dropped out of both the domestic cup (Copa do Brasil) and their state championship (Campeonato Gaúcho). This led to the team going through a state of crisis and, soon after, major renovation. They were expected to be on the bottom half of the Campeonato Brasileiro's table, and maybe even relegated, but managed to finish in second place. For many supporters, even that was considered a failure as in the first half of the championship, the team was considered the best of the country, and more than 10 points ahead of their rivals. But unexpected loses during the final games of the season lost the championship.
In 2009, giving priority to the 2009 Copa Libertadores, the team played most of the state championship matches with the reserve squad. This and some controversial attitudes of coach Celso Roth led to several poor results, notably three losses to their main rival Internacional. In April, after the premature loss of the state championship, Celso Roth was fired.
In 2010 coach Paulo Silas was hired, leading to the conquest of Campeonato Gaúcho. In this year Grêmio also had a fairly good cup run,being defeated only by Santos of Neymar at the Semifinals. In mid-2010 Silas was replaced due to bad results at the Brazilian Championship,leading to the signing of former idol Renato Portaluppi as the club's coach. Grêmio then went on to win major games in the season resulting in the classification to Copa Libertadores in the following year.
In 2011 the club had a poor Libertadores run,followed by similar disappointments at the Regional and National Championships.
2012 marked the last year of the club's former stadium, Olímpico Monumental. The expectations by the fans were high but were not matched by the team's performance. Grêmio did however classify to Libertadores the following year.
In February 2013 Arsenal's left back, Andre Santos, joined the club on loan.
Stadium.
Grêmio's original stadium was the Estádio Olímpico Monumental, as it is called today. It was inaugurated on September 19, 1954 as Estádio Olímpico. At the time it was the largest private stadium in Brazil. Estádio Olímpico's first game was between Grêmio and Nacional from Montevideo; Grêmio won by a score of 2–0, with both goals scored by Vitor.
In 1980 a second tier was added to the Olímpico, and the stadium was renamed the Olímpico Monumental. The first game at the renamed Olímpico Monumental was played on June 21, 1980, when Grêmio beat Vasco da Gama by a score of 1–0.
Estádio Olímpico Monumental has an attendance record of 98,421 people for the game against Ponte Preta on April 26, 1981.
Estádio Olímpico Monumental has 40 luxury booths which hold 10 people, and 5 booths which hold 20 people. It also has 140 places in a Tribune of Honor. It has 28 seats reserved for handicapped fans, 22 of which have space for people accompanying them.
The Estádio Olímpico Monumental's Parking lot has space for 700 vehicles.
In 2012, Grêmio moved into their new stadium, Arena do Grêmio. Its capacity is 60,540.
Anthem.
Grêmio's anthem is one of the most critically well-acclaimed amongst all Brazilian clubs because, other than the anthems of the clubs from Rio de Janeiro (all composed by Lamartine Babo), it is the only football anthem composed by a renowned composer, Lupicínio Rodrigues. Featuring a vivid and playful melody, the anthem features the famous verses: "Até a pé nós iremos / para o que der e vier / mas o certo é que nós estaremos / com o Grêmio onde o Grêmio estiver" (Even on foot we shall go / against all obstacles / but it is for sure we will be / with Grêmio wherever Grêmio may be). Grêmio fans are very fond of their faith, even when the club is not doing well, and boast that Grêmio, as the anthem hints, has never played without supporters somewhere in the world.
Eurico Lara, a goalkeeper who played for the club in the 1920s and in the 1930s, is mentioned in the anthem, where he is called the "immortal idol" (or "craque imortal", in Portuguese).
Symbols.
Stars.
According to the club the gold star represents the victory in the World Club Championship; the silver one represents the two South American competition victories; and the bronze one represents the National competitions. There is also a gold star in Grêmio's flag that represents a player Everaldo, a star from the 1970s who was the first Gaúcho (people from Rio Grande do Sul) to become a world champion with the Brazilian National team.
Flag.
The first club flag was unveiled by the club for the first time during the opening ceremony for the Baixada stadium. At that time, it had a horizontal stripe of blue, black and white, with a medallion on the left top corner.
The Brazilian Flag was the inspiration for the Tricolor's standard from 1918 to 1944.
Supporters.
There are around 8 million Grêmio fans in Brazil, meaning that, in terms of numbers of followers, Grêmio is 6th in Brazil.
The largest group of Grêmio supporters is Geral do Grêmio, the first Brazilian barra brava, movement similar to European ultras.
Rivalries.
As the years went on, Grêmio and another important Brazilian football club, Internacional, started to form a rivalry. Soon the games between these two clubs got their own name, Gre–Nal, and resulted in record attendance. Now the games fill the streets of Porto Alegre with football-crazed fans. The rivalry is now so ingrained that for many gaúchos and portoalegrenses blue is the opposite color of red, much like in video game culture.
In 1935, Eurico Lara, who was Grêmio's goalie, conceded a penalty kick. When the Internacional player was about to kick it, Lara's brother stopped the game and reminded him of his doctor's recommendation that he didn't overexert himself. He didn't listen. Soon the Internacional player took the shot. Lara caught it, but as soon as he did he fell sideways and didn't move. He was substituted after the wondrous save, and Grêmio won the game. But unfortunately he died two months later as a result from the fatigue from that game. Lara has been immortalized in the club anthem.
Current squad.
As of "February 11, 2014"
Notable former players.
Argentina
Chile
England
Germany 
Paraguay
Uruguay

</doc>
<doc id="18564154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564154" title="Orphan">
Orphan

An orphan (from the Greek ὀρφανός "orfanos") is a child whose parents are dead or have abandoned them permanently. In common usage, only a child who has lost both parents is called an orphan. When referring to animals, only the mother's condition is usually relevant. If she has gone, the offspring is an orphan, regardless of the father's condition. 
Adults can also be referred to as orphans, or "adult orphans". However, survivors who reached adulthood before their parents died are normally not called orphans. It is a term generally reserved for children whose parents have died while they are too young to support themselves.
Definitions.
Various groups use different definitions to identify orphans. One legal definition used in the United States is a minor bereft through "death or disappearance of, abandonment or desertion by, or separation or loss from, both parents". 
In the common use, an orphan does not have any surviving parent to care for him or her. However, the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), Joint United Nations Programme on HIV and AIDS (UNAIDS), and other groups label any child that has lost one parent as an orphan. In this approach, a "maternal orphan" is a child whose mother has died, a "paternal orphan" is a child whose father has died, and a "double orphan" has lost both parents. This contrasts with the older use of "half-orphan" to describe children that had lost only one parent.
Populations.
Orphans are relatively rare in developed countries, because most children can expect both of their parents to survive their childhood. Much higher numbers of orphans exist in war-torn nations such as Afghanistan. 
Notable orphans.
Famous orphans include world leaders such as Nelson Mandela and Andrew Jackson; the Hebrew prophet Moses and the Muslim prophet Muhammad; writers such as Edgar Allan Poe, and Leo Tolstoy. The American orphan Henry Darger portrayed the horrible conditions of his orphanage in his art work. Other notable orphans include entertainment greats such as Louis Armstrong, Marilyn Monroe, Babe Ruth, Ray Charles and Frances McDormand, and innumerable fictional characters in literature and comics.
History.
Wars and great epidemics, such as AIDS, have created many orphans. World War Two, with its massive numbers of deaths and population movements created large numbers of orphans—with estimates for Europe ranging from 1,000,000 to 13,000,000. Judt (2006) estimates there were 9,000 orphaned children in Czechoslovakia, 60,000 in the Netherlands 300,000 in Poland and 200,000 in Yugoslavia, plus many more in the Soviet Union, Germany, Italy and elsewhere.
In literature.
Orphaned characters are extremely common as literary protagonists, especially in children's and fantasy literature. The lack of parents leaves the characters to pursue more interesting and adventurous lives, by freeing them from familial obligations and controls, and depriving them of more prosaic lives. It creates characters that are self-contained and introspective and who strive for affection. Orphans can metaphorically search for self-understanding through attempting to know their roots. Parents can also be allies and sources of aid for children, and removing the parents makes the character's difficulties more severe. Parents, furthermore, can be irrelevant to the theme a writer is trying to develop, and orphaning the character frees the writer from the necessity to depict such an irrelevant relationship; if one parent-child relationship is important, removing the other parent prevents complicating the necessary relationship. All these characteristics make orphans attractive characters for authors.
Orphans are common in fairy tales, such as most variants of "Cinderella". 
A number of well-known authors have written books featuring orphans. Examples from classic literature include Charlotte Brontë, Charles Dickens, Mark Twain's "Tom Sawyer", L. M. Montgomery's "Anne of Green Gables" books, Thomas Hardy's Jude the Obscure, and J. R. R. Tolkien. Among more recent authors, A. J. Cronin, Lemony Snicket, A. F. Coniglio, Roald Dahl, J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series, as well as some less well-known authors of famous orphans like Little Orphan Annie have used orphans as major characters. One recurring storyline has been the relationship that the orphan can have with an adult from outside his or her immediate family as seen in Lyle Kessler's play "Orphans".
Orphans are especially common as characters in comic books. Almost all the most popular heroes are orphans: Superman, Batman, Spider-Man, Robin, The Flash, Captain Marvel, Captain America, and Green Arrow were all orphaned. Orphans are also very common among villains, Bane, Cat Woman, and Magneto are examples. Lex Luthor, Deadpool, and Carnage can also be included on this list, though they killed one or both of their parents.
In religious texts.
Many religious texts, including the Bible and the Quran, contain the idea that helping and defending orphans is a very important and God-pleasing matter. Two of the most important religious leaders, Moses and Muhammad, were orphaned as children. Several scriptural citations describe how orphans should be treated:
Bible
Qu'ran

</doc>
<doc id="18564163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564163" title="Alejandro Gómez (athlete)">
Alejandro Gómez (athlete)

Alejandro Gómez Cabral (born 11 April 1967 in Vigo, Pontevedra) is a retired Spanish long-distance runner who specialized in the marathon and cross-country running.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18564164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564164" title="Mercedes-Benz">
Mercedes-Benz

Mercedes-Benz () is a brand of the German manufacturer Daimler AG. The brand is used for luxury automobiles, buses, coaches, bicycles and trucks. Mercedes-Benz is headquartered in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
The name first appeared in 1926 under Daimler-Benz but traces its origins to Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft's 1901 Mercedes and to Karl Benz's 1886 Benz Patent Motorwagen, which is widely regarded as the first automobile. Mercedes-Benz's slogan is "Das Beste oder nichts" (English: "The best or nothing"). Mercedes-Benz is part of the "German Big 3" luxury automakers, along with Audi and BMW, which are among the best selling luxury automakers in the world.
History.
Mercedes-Benz traces its origins to Karl Benz's creation of the first petrol-powered car, the Benz Patent Motorwagen, financed by Bertha Benz and patented in January 1886, and Gottlieb Daimler and engineer Wilhelm Maybach's conversion of a stagecoach by the addition of a petrol engine later that year. The Mercedes automobile was first marketed in 1901 by Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft. The first Mercedes-Benz brand name vehicles were produced in 1926, following the merger of Karl Benz's and Gottlieb Daimler's companies into the Daimler-Benz company. Throughout the 1930s, Mercedes-Benz produced the 770 model, a car that was popular during Germany's Nazi period. Adolf Hitler was known to have driven these cars during his time in power, with bulletproof windshields. Most of the surviving models have been sold at auctions to private buyers. One of them is currently on display at the War Museum in Ottawa, Ontario. Mercedes-Benz has introduced many technological and safety innovations that later became common in other vehicles. Mercedes-Benz is one of the best known and established automotive brands in the world, and is also one of the world's oldest automotive brand still in existence today, having produced the first petrol-powered car.
For information relating to the famous three-pointed star, see under the title Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft including the merger into Daimler-Benz.
Subsidiaries and alliances.
As part of the Daimler AG company, the Mercedes-Benz Cars division includes Mercedes-Benz and Smart car production.
Mercedes-AMG.
Mercedes-AMG became a majority owned division of Mercedes-Benz in 1999. The company was integrated into DaimlerChrysler in 1999, and became Mercedes-Benz AMG beginning on 1 January 1999.
Mercedes-Benz McLaren.
Between 2003 and 2009, Mercedes-Benz produced a limited-production sports car with McLaren Cars. The resulting Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren was an extension of the collaboration by which Mercedes engines are used by the Team McLaren-Mercedes Formula One racing team, which was then part owned by Mercedes. McLaren ceased production of the SLR in 2009 and went on to develop its own car, the McLaren MP4-12C, launched in 2011. Now McLaren Mercedes have developed a new car called the P1 which has been tested on the television series Top Gear. Also the new 650S has been created with 641 bhp (brake horsepower) and a top speed of 207 mph (miles per hour).
Maybach.
Daimler's ultra-luxury brand Maybach was under Mercedes-Benz cars division until 2013, when the production stopped due to poor sales volumes.
Production.
Factories.
Besides its native Germany, Mercedes-Benz vehicles are also manufactured or assembled in:
Quality rankings.
Since its inception, Mercedes-Benz had maintained a reputation for its quality and durability. Objective measures looking at passenger vehicles, such as J. D. Power surveys, demonstrated a downturn in reputation in these criteria in the late 1990s and early 2000s. By mid-2005, Mercedes temporarily returned to the industry average for initial quality, a measure of problems after the first 90 days of ownership, according to J. D. Power. In J. D. Power's Initial Quality Study for the first quarter of 2007, Mercedes showed dramatic improvement by climbing from 25th to 5th place and earning several awards for its models. For 2008, Mercedes-Benz's initial quality rating improved by yet another mark, to fourth place. On top of this accolade, it also received the Platinum Plant Quality Award for its Mercedes’ Sindelfingen, Germany assembly plant. J. D. Power's 2011 US Initial Quality and Vehicle Dependability Studies both ranked Mercedes-Benz vehicles above average in build quality and reliability. In the 2011 UK J. D. Power Survey, Mercedes cars rated above average.
Models.
Current model range.
Mercedes-Benz carries a full range of passenger, light commercial and heavy commercial equipment. Vehicles are manufactured in multiple countries worldwide. The Smart marque of city cars and Maybach luxury cars are also produced by Daimler AG.
Models:
Trucks.
Mercedes-Benz Trucks is now part of the Daimler Trucks division, and includes companies that were part of the DaimlerChrysler merger. Gottlieb Daimler sold the world's first truck in 1886.
Buses.
Mercedes-Benz produces a wide range of buses and coaches, mainly for Europe and Asia. The first model was produced by Karl Benz in 1895.
Limousines.
The Mercedes-Benz 600 or 600S Pullman Guard limousines offer a "bulletproof" option and have been used by diplomats worldwide.
Vans.
Mercedes-Benz produces a range of vans including the Mercedes-Benz Vito, Mercedes-Benz Sprinter and Mercedes-Benz Vario. In 2012 it announced the Mercedes-Benz Citan, a version of the Renault Kangoo.
The first factory to be built outside Germany after WWII was in Argentina. It originally built trucks, many of which were modified independently to buses, popularly named Colectivo. Today, it builds buses, trucks and the Sprinter van.
Car nomenclature.
Until 1994, Mercedes-Benz used an alphanumeric system for categorising their vehicles, consisting of a number sequence approximately equal to the engine's displacement in liters multiplied by 100, followed by an arrangement of alphabetical suffixes indicating body style and engine type.
Some models in the 1950s also had lower-case letters (b, c, and d) to indicate specific trim levels. For other models, the numeric part of the designation does not match the engine displacement. This was done to show the model's position in the model range independent of displacement or in the price matrix. For these vehicles, the actual displacement in liters is suffixed to the model designation. An exception was the 190-class with the numeric designation of "190" as to denote its entry level in the model along with the displacement label on the right side of the boot (190E 2.3 for 2.3-litre 4-cylinder petrol motor, 190D 2.5 for 2.5-litre 5-cylinder diesel motor, and so forth). Some older models (such as the SS and SSK) did not have a number as part of the designation at all.
For the 1994 model year, Mercedes-Benz revised the naming system. Models were divided into "classes" denoted by an arrangement of up to three letters (see "Current model range" above), followed by a three-digit (or two-digit for AMG models, with the number approximately equal to the displacement in litres multiplied by 10) number related to the engine displacement as before. Variants of the same model such as an estate version or a vehicle with a diesel engine are no longer given a separate letter. The SLR and SLS supercars do not carry a numerical designation.
Today, many numerical designations no longer reflects the engine's actual displacement but more of the relative performance and marketing position. Despite its engine displacement in two litres, the motor in A45 AMG produces more than 375 horsepowers so the designation is higher as to indicate the higher performance. Another example is the E250 CGI having greater performance than the E200 CGI due to the different engine tuning even though both have 1.8-litre engines. From the marketing perspectives, E200 seems more "upscale" than E180. Recent AMG models use the "63" designation (in honor of the 1960s 6.3-litre M100 engine) despite being equipped with either a 6.2-litre (M156) or 5.5-litre (M157) engine.
Some models carry further designations indicating special features:
All model designation badges can be deleted upon the customer's request.
Environmental record.
Mercedes-Benz has developed multi concept cars with alternative propulsion, such as hybrid-electric, fully electric, and fuel-cell powertrain s. At the 2007 Frankfurt motor show, Mercedes-Benz showed seven hybrid models, including the F700 concept car, powered by a hybrid-electric drivetrain featuring the DiesOtto engine. In 2009, Mercedes-Benz displayed three BlueZERO concepts at the North American International Auto Show. Each car features a different powertrain - battery-electric, fuel-cell electric, and gasoline-electric hybrid. In the same year, Mercedes also showed the Vision S500 PHEV concept with a all-electric range and emissions of 74 grams/km in the New European Driving Cycle.
Since 2002, Mercedes-Benz has developed the F-Cell fuel cell vehicle. The current version, based on the B-Class, has a 250 mile range and is available for lease, with volume production scheduled to begin in 2014. Mercedes has also announced the SLS AMG E-Cell, a fully electric version of the SLS sports car, with deliveries expected in 2013. The Mercedes-Benz S400 BlueHYBRID was launched in 2009, and is the first production automotive hybrid in the world to use a lithium-ion battery. In mid-2010, production commenced on the Vito E-Cell all-electric van. Mercedes expects 100 vehicles to be produced by the end of 2010 and a further 2000 by the end of 2011.
In 2008, Mercedes-Benz announced that it would have a demonstration fleet of small electric cars in two to three years. Mercedes-Benz and Smart are preparing for the widespread uptake of electric vehicles (EVs) in the UK by beginning the installation of recharging points across their dealer networks. So far 20 Elektrobay recharging units, produced in the UK by Brighton-based Elektromotive, have been installed at seven locations as part of a pilot project, and further expansion of the initiative is planned later in 2010.
In the United States, Mercedes-Benz was assessed a record US$30.66 million fine for their decision to not meet the federal corporate average fuel economy standard in 2009. Certain Mercedes-Benz cars, including the S550 and all AMG models sold in the United States, also face an additional gas guzzler tax. However, newer AMG models fitted with the M157 engine will not be subject to the gas-guzzler tax, due to improved fuel economy, and newer models powered by the M276 and M278 engines will have better fuel economy. In 2008, Mercedes also had the worst average of all major European manufacturers, ranking 14th out of 14 manufacturers. Mercedes was also the worst manufacturer in 2007 and 2006 in terms of average levels, with 181 g and 188 g of emitted per km, respectively.
Bicycles.
Mercedes-Benz Accessories GmbH introduced three new bicycles in 2005, and the range has developed to include the patent pending Foldingbike in 2007. Other models include the Mercedes-Benz Carbon Bike, Fitness Bike and the Trailblazer Bike.
Motorsport.
The two companies which were merged to form the "Mercedes-Benz" brand in 1926 had both already enjoyed success in the new sport of motor racing throughout their separate histories. A single Benz competed in the world's first motor race, the 1894 Paris–Rouen, where Émile Roger finished 14th in 10 hours 1 minute. Throughout its long history, the company has been involved in a range of motorsport activities, including sports car racing and rallying. On several occasions Mercedes-Benz has withdrawn completely from motorsport for a significant period, notably in the late 1930s, and after the 1955 Le Mans disaster, where a Mercedes-Benz 300 SLR collided with another car and killed more than 80 spectators. Stirling Moss and co-driver Denis Jenkinson made history by winning the 1955 Mille Miglia road race in Italy during a record-breaking drive with an average speed of almost 98 mph in a Mercedes-Benz 300 SLR.
Although there was some activity in the intervening years, it was not until 1987 that Mercedes-Benz returned to front line competition, returning to Le Mans, Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft (DTM), and Formula One with Sauber. The 1990s saw Mercedes-Benz purchase British engine builder Ilmor (now Mercedes-Benz High Performance Engines), and campaign IndyCars under the USAC/CART rules, eventually winning the 1994 Indianapolis 500 and 1994 CART IndyCar World Series Championship with Al Unser, Jr. at the wheel. The 1990s also saw the return of Mercedes-Benz to GT racing, and the Mercedes-Benz CLK GTR, both of which took the company to new heights by dominating the FIA's GT1 class.
Mercedes-Benz is currently active in three forms of motorsport, Formula Three, DTM and Formula One.
Formula One.
Mercedes-Benz took part in the world championship in 1954 and 1955, but despite being successful with two championship titles for Juan-Manuel Fangio, the company left the sport after just two seasons. He is considered by many to be the best F1 driver in history.
Mercedes-Benz returned as an engine supplier in the 1990s and part-owned Team McLaren for some years, to which it has supplied engines engineered by Ilmor since 1995. This partnership brought success, including drivers championships for Mika Häkkinen in 1998 and 1999, and for Lewis Hamilton in 2008, as well as a constructors championship in 1998. The collaboration with McLaren had been extended into the production of roadgoing cars such as the Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren.
In 2007, McLaren-Mercedes was fined a record US$100 million for stealing confidential Ferrari technical data.
In 2009, Ross Brawn's newly conceived Formula One team, Brawn GP used Mercedes engines to help win the constructor's championship, and Jenson Button to become champion in the F1 drivers' championship. At the end of the season, Mercedes-Benz sold its 40% stake in McLaren to the McLaren Group and bought 70% of the Brawn GP team jointly with an Abu Dhabi based investment consortium. Brawn GP was renamed Mercedes GP for the 2010 season and is, from this season on, a works team for Mercedes-Benz.
Innovations.
Numerous technological innovations have been introduced on Mercedes-Benz automobiles throughout the many years of their production, including:
Half a century of vehicle safety innovation helped win Mercedes-Benz the Safety Award at the 2007 "What Car?" Awards.
Robot cars.
In the 1980s, Mercedes built the world's first robot car, together with the team of Professor Ernst Dickmanns at Bundeswehr University Munich. Partially encouraged by Dickmanns' success, in 1987 the European Union's EUREKA programme initiated the Prometheus Project on autonomous vehicles, funded to the tune of nearly €800 million. A culmination point was achieved in 1995, when Dickmanns' re-engineered autonomous S-Class Mercedes took a long trip from Munich in Bavaria to Copenhagen in Denmark, and back. On highways, the robot achieved speeds exceeding (permissible in some areas of the German Autobahn). The car's abilities has heavily influenced robot car research and funding decisions worldwide.
Tuners.
Several companies have become car tuners (or modifiers) of Mercedes Benz, in order to increase performance and/or luxury to a given model.
AMG is Mercedes-Benz's in-house performance-tuning division, specialising in high-performance versions of most Mercedes-Benz cars. AMG engines are all hand-built, and each completed engine receives a tag with the signature of the engineer who built it. AMG has been wholly owned by Mercedes-Benz since 1999. The 2009 SLS AMG, a revival of the 300SL Gullwing, is the first car to be entirely developed by AMG.
There are numerous independent tuners including Brabus, Carlsson, Kleemann and Renntech.
Sponsorships.
In football, Mercedes-Benz sponsors Germany National Football Team. Mercedes-Benz sponsors Bundesliga club VfB Stuttgart and provides the naming rights for their stadium, the Mercedes-Benz Arena. The company also holds the naming rights to the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="18564178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564178" title="String Quartet No. 1 (Dvořák)">
String Quartet No. 1 (Dvořák)

Antonín Dvořák finished the composition of his String Quartet No. 1 in A major, Op. 2, (B. 8), in March, 1862. It was one of his early chamber works.
Background.
Dvořák's fourteen string quartets covers the substantial part of his composing career, from 1862 (No. 1.) to 1895 (No. 14). The first string quartet wasn't Dvořák's first chamber composition, he had written the "String Quintet in A minor (Op. 1)" in Summer 1861. 
In 1887 Dvořák decided to rework the long forgotten quartet, he removed the unnecessary filling out of the original version.
The composition was dedicated to the director of Prague Conservatory Josef Krejčí, Dvořák's teacher of music theory at the "Prague Organ School". No actual performance has been documented till 1888, when the revised version of the work was played at the concert of the "Umělecká beseda" in the Rudolfinum in Prague. The players were members of the orchestra of the National Theatre, Karel Ondříček, Jan Pelikán, Petr Mareš and Alois Neruda.
Structure.
The work is composed in four movements:
The approximate duration is 33 minutes.
The strongest pre-echo of Dvořák's future mastership is apparent mainly in the 3rd movement, in the three part trio section resonates the forerunner of the many future furiants.

</doc>
<doc id="18564184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564184" title="Demonic Art">
Demonic Art

Demonic Art is the fifth album by Darkane. It is the only album to feature vocalist Jens Broman. The concept of the album is based on the song "Organic Canvas" from Layers of Lies.
Credits.
Darkane

</doc>
<doc id="18564186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564186" title="Martin Simonson">
Martin Simonson

Martin Simonson is a Swedish scholar, novelist, and translator, specialized in fantasy literature and nature writing. He teaches English language and literature at the University of the Basque Country in Spain.
Simonson, who was born in Göteborg, Sweden, in 1973, holds a Ph.D. in English literature from University of the Basque Country (March 2006) that was awarded "Premio Extraordinario de Doctorado".
He has written several novels and a book-length essay on "The Lord of the Rings". He has also translated novels from English and Swedish into Spanish, as well as books on American history, and published many articles and chapters in books on the works of J.R.R. Tolkien.
He is married and has two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="18564195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564195" title="Tom Poltl">
Tom Poltl

Tom Poltl (born September 21, 1977) is a retired American soccer midfielder who was a member of the United States U-20 men's national soccer team at the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Career.
Youth.
Poltl attended San Marcos High School, and played college soccer at UCLA from 1995 to 1998. In 1997, Poltl was part of the Bruins team which won the NCAA Men's Soccer Championship over the Virginia Cavaliers.
Professional.
In February 1999, the Colorado Rapids selected Poltl in the second round (20th overall) of the MLS College Draft. Soon after, the San Francisco Bay Seals of the USL A-League selected Poltl in the second round (forty-ninth overall) in the A-League draft. The Rapids did not sign him, and the Seals traded his rights to the Boston Bulldogs of the A-League, with whom he spent the 1999 and 2000 seasons. 
In 2002 Poltl signed as a player-coach with the Orange County Blue Star of the fourth division USL Premier Development League. On April 20, 2005, he moved to the Portland Timbers of the USL First Division. He played over 100 games for Portland in his five years with club, leading his team to the 2009 USL First Division championship, before being released on December 7, 2009.
International.
Between 1995 and 1997, Poltl earned eleven caps with the U.S. U-20 national team. In 1997, he was a member of the U.S. team at the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship. He played one game, a 3-0 loss to Uruguay in the Round of 16.

</doc>
<doc id="18564201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564201" title="José Carlos Adán">
José Carlos Adán

José Carlos Adán (born 22 July 1967) is a retired Spanish long-distance runner who specialized in cross-country running.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18564205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564205" title="Social Credit Party of Alberta leadership election, 1968">
Social Credit Party of Alberta leadership election, 1968

The Alberta Social Credit leadership convention, 1968, took place in the Northern Alberta Jubilee Auditorium in Edmonton, Canada, on December 4, 1968, to select a candidate to replace Ernest Manning as leader of the Social Credit Party of Alberta. Because Social Credit enjoyed a substantial majority in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta at the time and because convention dictates that the Lieutenant-Governor of Alberta asks the leader of the largest party in the legislature to form government, the contest was a "de facto" selection of the next Premier of Alberta. Harry Strom, long-time Minister of Agriculture and later Minister of Municipal Affairs in Manning's government, came out on top of a six person field on the second ballot.
Background.
Ernest Manning had been Social Credit's leader and premier of Alberta since he was selected by his caucus to succeed deceased party founder William Aberhart in 1943. Though still not an old man, he had decided to retire as premier after a record-setting 25 years, sensing the mood of change that was beginning to grip the province - his son, Preston Manning, claimed in 2003 that his father was concerned that Social Credit might lose the next election.
Social Credit had never held a leadership contest before. As founder, Aberhart had emerged as the unquestioned leader in advance of the 1935 election, and Manning was the obvious and unanimous choice of his caucus after Aberhart's death in 1943.
The initial favourite was Anders Aalborg, Manning's provincial treasurer. He wanted the job, but declined to enter the race due to health concerns. This left the field open to other, less well-known, candidates.
Candidates.
There were five candidates for most of the pre-convention period, with veteran Alfred Hooke entering at the last minute before the convention. The candidates were
Campaign.
The campaign aroused little interest, and a poll in the Spring of 1968 found that well over half of respondents had not selected a candidate (the same poll placed Taylor in the lead with 9.8% of the vote, followed by Strom at 5.3% and Reierson and 3.6%). Strom enjoyed the strongest organization, and entered the convention as the favourite.
The convention.
As delegates arrived at the December 4 convention, they were greeted by an enormous red and white billboard supporting Reierson and a rock band supporting Gerhart. Inside the convention centre, an oom-pah band was trying to get a snake dance going. Party secretary Orvis Kennedy was trying to prevent a resolution in favour of the Social Credit youth branch, endorsing the legalization of marijuana from making the convention floor (he succeeded).
The convention was attended by delegates elected by party members by constituency. A candidate required a majority of votes to win. On the first ballot, Strom led with 47.6% of the vote, well ahead of the other candidates (Taylor, in second place, had 16.5%). Hooke, in last place, was automatically eliminated, and Gerhart, in a disappointing fifth, dropped out as well. The third place Reierson made his way to the stage to make an announcement, but was physically obstructed by Kennedy. Breaking free, Reierson complained "I never thought I'd live to see the day that a Social Credit candidate would be denied the right to speak to his own supporters" announcing his withdrawal and endorsement of Taylor. Walt Buck, in fourth place, stayed on the ballot, despite entreaties from the Taylor and Reierson camps.
On the second ballot, Strom retained his large lead, although Taylor gained ground. Well above the majority threshold, he was elected leader.
Aftermath.
Harry Strom became premier of Alberta a week after the convention. However, his government proved unable to deal with the province's desire for change, and was soundly defeated in the 1971 election by Peter Lougheed's Progressive Conservatives, marking the end of the thirty-five year Social Credit dynasty in Alberta, and the beginning of the Progressive Conservatives' still-longer tenure.

</doc>
<doc id="18564225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564225" title="Goranci (Mostar)">
Goranci (Mostar)

Goranci is the village in Bosnia and Herzegovina, near Mostar, part of Mostar municipality. 
Overview.
In 1991 village had 509 people:
Name Goranci does not have direct link to ethnic group Goranci, in Serbia. Zagreb has location Gorenci.
Locations around Goranci are Bogodol, Bile, Crnač, Drežnica, Gradac, Knešpolje, Mostar, Planinica, Polog, Raška Gora, Široki Brijeg, Vrdi, Grabova Draga and Sovići.

</doc>
<doc id="18564228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564228" title="Feather River Mudcats">
Feather River Mudcats

The Feather River Mudcats were a minor league baseball team located in Marysville, California. The team played in the independent Western Baseball League, and was not affiliated with any Major League Baseball team. Their home stadium was Bryant Field.
The Mudcats were founded in 2000 and played only two seasons before ceasing operations after the 2001 season. They were replaced in 2002 by the Yuba-Sutter Gold Sox, which played until the league folded after the season.

</doc>
<doc id="18564230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564230" title="Kamal Ziani">
Kamal Ziani

Kamal Ziani (born 20 February 1972) is a retired Spanish long-distance runner who specialized in the marathon.
He finished seventh at the 2002 European Championships. He also competed at the 2006 European Championships and the World Championships in 2001 and 2005.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18564236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564236" title="Thornbird">
Thornbird

Thornbird may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18564239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564239" title="Jack Williams (rugby union)">
Jack Williams (rugby union)

John Frederick 'Jack' Williams (18 November 188228 August 1911) was a Welsh international rugby union lock who played club rugby for London Welsh. He won four caps for Wales between 1905 and 1906 and most notably was a member of the winning Welsh team against the original All Blacks.
International career.
Of all the Welsh players who made up the 1905 "Champions of the World" team, Williams is the most enigmatic. Over his career he achieved by far the lowest number of international caps out of the 1905 team and played the majority of his career outside Wales. It was said that Williams was a good kicker of the ball and "could pick up like a half, pass like a centre and run like a wing". During his club career with London Welsh he captained the club during the 1907/08 season.
Williams began playing rugby while in school at Christ College, Brecon. After moving to London, he joined Welsh exile club London Welsh, also turning out for English side Richmond. Williams made his international debut against Ireland on March 11, 1905 while playing for London Welsh. He was chosen for the 1905 All Blacks game and he proved an excellent choice working well with Harding and Hodges to back up Dai Jones in the pack and line out. Williams short international career ended in the disastrous 1906 South African game, where dissent surrounding the pack resulted in a Welsh team without cohesion. The selectors decided a 'clean sweep' was required and very few of that team, including Williams, played for Wales again.
In 1908 Williams was chosen to join Harding's Anglo-Welsh team who toured Australia and New Zealand.
International matches played.
Wales
Later career and death.
In 1910, Williams was sent to Northern Nigeria, by the Colonial Office to work in the capacity of a commissioner. It was recorded in "The Sportsman" that shortly after assuming his post, Williams was shot by a local. The paper went on to state that Williams had recovered from the bullet wound, and that the shooting had been an accident. Williams died the next year, at the age of 28, after contracting blackwater fever in Nigeria while on Colonial Service.

</doc>
<doc id="18564243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564243" title="Raision Loimu">
Raision Loimu

Raision Loimu is volleyball team from Finland. It is based on Raisio city. It has played volleyball in Finland's highest level since 1977. During these years Loimu has won six championships, two silver and six bronze medals. The team won the Finland Cup in 2004.
History.
Raision Loimu club was founded in 1958. The team rose to the Finland Volleyball league for first time in 1977. After that the team had its first medal season in 1978 with theclub earning a bronze medal. Loimu won its first Finland Championship in 1982. Aftert that the team has been Finland Champion six times. It has played in the Champions league in 1998 and 2001.
Loimu has had many famous players such as Mikko Oivanen, Matti Oivanen, Simo-Pekka Olli, Tuomas Sammelvuo, Janne Heikkinen and many others.
Team.
Season 2010–2011.
Setters:
Middle blockers:
Outside hitters:
Opposite:
Libero:
Other.
Loimu's audience arithmetic mean in the 2009-2010 season was 721 per game.

</doc>
<doc id="18564264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564264" title="2005 Qatar Open">
2005 Qatar Open

The 2005 Qatar Open, known as the 2005 Qatar ExxonMobil Open, for sponsorship reasons, was an ATP tournament held in Doha, Qatar. The tournament was held from January 3 to January 10.

</doc>
<doc id="18564274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564274" title="Ernakulam (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Ernakulam (Lok Sabha constituency)

Ernakulam is a Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala.
Assembly segments.
Ernakulam Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
Travancore-Cochin
Kerala

</doc>
<doc id="18564287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564287" title="List of Ahmadiyya Muslim Community buildings and structures">
List of Ahmadiyya Muslim Community buildings and structures

This is a list of mosques, hospitals, schools and other structures throughout the world that are constructed/owned by the Ahmadiyya Community, arranged according to their respective countries. Additional information pertaining to the countries is also included.
As of 2009, the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community has built over 15,055 mosques, 510 schools, and over 30 hospitals. The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community is established in 195 countries of the world.
Asia.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community originated in India in 1889, with the birth of the Community taking place in Qadian, India. the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community has been established in all Asian countries except for Tajikistan, Turkmenistan (established 2010), Georgia and North Korea.
Rabwah (Pakistan).
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community established itself in Rabwah on September 30, 1948.
Rabwah was a town founded and created from scratch by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in the time of its Second Caliph, Mirza Basheer-ud-Din Mahmood Ahmad and was named ‘Rabwah’ by the Ahmadiyya Missionary Jalal-ud-Din Shams (the author of the famous book “Where Did Jesus Die?” and companion of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad) because ‘rabwah’ in Arabic means ‘elevated/exalted place’ and thus, Jalal-ud-Din Shams coined for the town Rabwah because of the narration in the Qur’an of Jesus being exalted/elevated towards God.
Rabwah acted as the International Headquarters of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community after the India-Pakistan partition and before the migration of the Fourth Khalifa (International Head) of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, Mirza Tahir Ahmad to Europe in London, England, due to the government of Pakistan’s on-going Anti-Ahmadiyya laws. England is the present location of the International administrative Headquarters of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community.
Africa.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community had been established in all African countries by the year 2000. The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community was introduced to Africa when several individuals living in East Africa became Ahmadis in 1900, during the life of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad.
Mauritius.
Rodrigues Island
Europe.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community was introduced to Europe in 1907 when, in response to Mirza Ghulam Ahmad’s messages to Europe, a German woman converted to the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community is currently established in all European countries except for Latvia, Slovakia and Greece, though there are individual members of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community within the latter which consist of mostly Arabs and a small number of indigenous Greeks.
Albania.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community established itself here in c. 1934.
Austria.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community established itself here in c. 1936. Website: Ahmadiyya Muslim Community Austria
Belgium.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community established itself here in c. 1982. Website: Ahmadiyya Muslim Community Belgium
Denmark.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community established itself here in 1959.
France.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community established itself here in 1946. Website: Ahmadiyya Muslim Community France
Germany.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community established itself here in 1923 in Berlin. () Website: Ahmadiyya Muslim Community Germany
Baden-Württemberg
Bavaria
Berlin
Bremen
Hamburg
Hesse
Lower Saxony
North Rhine-Westphalia
Rhineland-Palitanate
Schleswig-Holstein 
Luxembourg-Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.
Website: Ahmadiyya Muslim Community Luxembourg
United Kingdom.
Greater London
Birmingham
Bradford
Gillingham
Leamington Spa
Manchester
Oxford
Sheffield
Huddersfield
Hartlepool
North America.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community was introduced to North America in 1921, with the pioneering efforts of the missionary Mufti Muhammad Sadiq. The first country to receive the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community was the USA where it appealed mainly to the African-American population though with some Caucasian converts. Many eminent jazz musicians converted to the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community like Sahib Shihab, Art Blakey (Abdullah ibn Buhaina) and Yusef Lateef.
United States of America.
Arizona
California
Connecticut
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Illinois
Louisiana
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Missouri
New Jersey
New York
North Carolina
Ohio
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Texas
Washington
Wisconsin
South America.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community was introduced to South America in the 1950s, beginning with its presence on the island nation of Trinidad & Tobago in 1952. It is now on established in all of South America except for Paraguay, Uruguay, Chile, and Panama.
Oceania.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community was introduced to Oceania in the 1920s. Since then, it has expanded to several island nations such as Tuvalu, the Solomon Islands, Tonga, Vanuatu, Kiribati, Nauru, Micronesia, Guam, Palau, New Zealand, and the Fiji Islands.
Australia.
Sydney
Brisbane
Melbourne
Fiji Islands.
Viti Levu
Vanua Levu
New Zealand.
Since then the community has purchased its own property in 1999 at 20 Dalgety Drive, Manukau Central 2104, Auckland, Zealand. Hadrat Mirza Tahir Ahmad, Khalifatul Masih IV named the new centre Bait ul Muqeet.
In 2010, the community opened a proper communal kitchen to serve the community and guests. This new communal kitchen ("Langar Khana") of the Promised Messiah was completed in preparation for the community's Annual Convention to be held on 27–28 January 2012.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama'at NZ has constructed their first Historic mosque in Auckland. The mosque design was approved by Hadrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad, Khalifatul Masih V (atba). He kindly named it Masjid Baitul Muqeet. On Friday, 1 November 2013, Hadrat Khailfatul Masih V (atba) officially inaugurated the mosque.
See also.
100-Mosque-Plan in Germany

</doc>
<doc id="18564301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564301" title="Monsteroso">
Monsteroso

Monsteroso can refer to two different characters in the universe of Marvel Comics.
Monsteroso (Amazing Adventures).
Monsteroso is a giant monster in Marvel Comics. It first appeared in "Amazing Adventures" #5 (Oct 1961), and was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby.
Fictional character history.
Monsteroso first appeared as an unnamed young passenger on an alien spacecraft passing near Earth. He accidentally launched himself in the vessel's lifeboat towards Earth, which crashed in Africa. Monsteroso was knocked unconscious in the impact.
The unconscious, almost comatose Monsteroso was discovered by a man named Phil, a circus owner from the United States. Thinking the creature dead, Phil had its body brought to the American Museum of Natural History in New York City. It is Phil who first names the creature "Monsteroso".
After healing, Monsteroso revives in the museum. The young alien, confused by its surroundings began rampaging through the city. The police attempted to stop him with conventional force (i.e. bullets and tear gas), unsuccessfully. Meanwhile, Phil realizes that Monsteroso's nature was childlike, not evil, and he convinced an Army scientist to sedate, rather than kill, the creature. After scaling the United Nations building, it is successfully sedated, and falls into the East River.
Immediately afterwards, an enormous spacecraft lands, and two enormous aliens disembark, Monsteroso's parents. They retrieve their child and prepare to depart, saying: "It is fortunate that he is unharmed! Fortunate for you!"
The story of Monsteroso's origin was reprinted in Marvel Comics' "Monsters on the Prowl" #28 (June, 1974).
Monsteroso (Tales to Astonish).
Monsteroso is another (apparently) giant monster in Marvel Comics. It first appeared in "Tales to Astonish" #18 (Apr 1961), and was created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko.
Fictional character history.
This Monsteroso was hatched in solitude from an egg on a planet apparently devoid of intelligent life otherwise. Soon after his birth, Monsteroso began to uncontrollably grow in size, larger and larger, with no apparent upper limit. Eventually, Monsteroso dwarfed even massive geological features like mountains. Being so large, Monsteroso hailed himself as conqueror and ruler of all he surveyed, until a flood came in which Monsteroso drowned. The "flood" was subsequently revealed to be a scientist washing out a glass slide, utterly unaware of the microscopic ecosystem that had lived within it.
In later mentions in the Marvel Universe, this Monsteroso was said to be an inhabitant of the Microverse.
The first appearance of this Monsteroso was reprinted in "Fantasy Masterpieces" #9 (June 1967).

</doc>
<doc id="18564311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564311" title="Antoni Peña">
Antoni Peña

Antoni ("Toni") Peña Pico (born 26 August 1970 in Felanitx, Islas Baleares) is a retired male long-distance runner from Spain, who specialized in the marathon during his career.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18564361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564361" title="Astra Chamber Music Society">
Astra Chamber Music Society

The Astra Chamber Music Society is a concert organisation for choral music and contemporary performance, based in Melbourne, Australia and under the musical direction of John McCaughey.
Astra presents an annual series of concerts based around the work of the Astra Choir. The concerts present new and original work from all musical periods, ranging from medieval tropes and Vietnamese work songs through recent European and American music to newly commissioned Australian compositions. Each Astra program is planned as an event that engages the audience with the stimulus of contrasting materials, extending from the sound of voices to combinations with instruments, electro-acoustics, text and theatre. 
Astra also publishes CD recordings of the work of the Astra Choir and associated artists. It also has a continuing project to publish scores of the works of the influential Australian composer, performer and educator Keith Humble.
History.
Astra was formed in 1951 as an orchestra of women musicians under the direction of Madame Asta Flack, a violinist and conductor who had migrated to Australia from Lithuania. 
In 1958, George Logie-Smith became Musical Director, extending the orchestra to include men and a larger wind section and founding the Astra Choir. Over a period of 20 years, he developed links with Australian composers as well as giving performance of choral and chamber orchestral repertoire rarely heard at that time (for example the Bach Passions, Stravinsky's "Les Noces", and works by Bartok, Britten, Penderecki et al.)
Since John McCaughey became Musical Director in 1978, the Astra Choir has provided the principal focus of concerts, joined by many of Australia's leading contemporary instrumental performers as guests. 
Robert Smallwood was Director of Astra in the period 1983-4, and other guest directors (Joan Pollock, Graeme Leak, Kenneth Gaburo, Sue Healey, Anne Thompson, William Henderson and Allan Walker) have extended the Choir's work into the domains of film, dance and improvisation.
Since 1978, Astra has performed over 1280 individual works by about 430 composers (170 of them Australian) in almost 70 different venues throughout Melbourne and regional Victoria.
Funding.
Astra is funded by the Australia Council for the Arts, Arts Victoria, the William Angliss Trust, Diana Gibson and a number of private benefactors.
Awards.
Astra's contribution to musical and performing life in Australia has been recognised by numerous awards and commissions including:

</doc>
<doc id="18564364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564364" title="Bruno Toledo">
Bruno Toledo

Bruno Toledo (born 23 November 1973) is a Spanish retired long-distance runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18564379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564379" title="Fearless (Cowboy Mouth album)">
Fearless (Cowboy Mouth album)

Fearless is Cowboy Mouth's eleventh album, released September 23, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18564380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564380" title="Friday Foster (film)">
Friday Foster (film)

Friday Foster is a 1975 blaxploitation film, written and directed by Arthur Marks, and starring Pam Grier in the title role. Yaphet Kotto, Eartha Kitt, Scatman Crothers and Carl Weathers co-starred. It was an adaptation of the 1970-74 eponymous syndicated newspaper comic strip, scripted by Jim Lawrence and illustrated by Jorge Longarón and Gray Morrow. This was Grier's final film with American International Pictures. The tagline on the film's poster is "Wham! Bam! Here comes Pam!"
Characters and story.
Friday Foster (Grier) is a magazine photographer who refuses to heed her boss's admonitions against becoming involved in the stories to which she is assigned. After witnessing an assassination attempt on the nation's wealthiest African American and then seeing her best friend murdered, Friday finds herself targeted for death. She teams up with private detective Colt Hawkins (Kotto) to investigate, and soon the two are hot on the trail of a plot to eliminate the country's African-American political leadership. 
In addition to the standard blaxploitation plot elements, the film also dealt with the themes of the power and importance of African American political unity and the potential threat thereto posed not only by the perceived white power structure, but also by those African-Americans willing to betray that goal in search of reward from that establishment.

</doc>
<doc id="18564382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564382" title="Wilbroad Axweso">
Wilbroad Axweso

Wilbroad Axweso (born 1 January 1974) is a retired Tanzanian long-distance runner.

</doc>
<doc id="18564404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564404" title="Muvattupuzha (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Muvattupuzha (Lok Sabha constituency)

Muvattupuzha was a Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala.
Assembly segments.
Muvattupuzha Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
Muvattupuzha Lok Sabha constituency is no longer in existence due to changes in constituencies made by election commission. Most parts have been merged to Kottayam, some to Idukki, Pathanamthitta and Chalakudy .

</doc>
<doc id="18564412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564412" title="Escuela Brasil (Montevideo)">
Escuela Brasil (Montevideo)

Escuela Brasil, or Escuela N° 17 Brasil, or Escuela "República del Brasil", is a public elementary school located in the barrio of Pocitos in Montevideo, Uruguay.
History.
The original building was designed and constructed by architect Americo Maini in 1908. It was founded in 1885 and originally located on 85 Gabriel Pereira Street. It shared the premises with Escuela No. 18 – Noruega (School No. 18 Norway). In 1904 the government bought the parcel of land located on what was then Avenida de los Pocitos (Avenue of the Pocitos) and is now called Avenida Brasil (Brazil Avenue). On November 15, 1927 the school was named Brazil. From 1949 until 2002 the school shared the premises with Escuela No. 71 Baron de Rio Branco (School No. 71).
Since 1993 it had been considered a building of local interest and in 2002 was declared a National Heritage Site by resolution 1.448/002 of the Ministry of Education and Culture. The design and in particular its tiled roof, main entrance and its railings are an outstanding example of modernist architecture, which is quite common in Pocitos.
The main entrance of the old building is on Avenida Brasil 2963, while the school occupies most of the block between streets Avenida Brasil, 26 de Marzo and José Martí. Behind the left wing of the original building has been annexed a building originally designed with 3 levels, of which only 2 levels were constructed. The annex was designed to expand the leasable capacity of this institution. With the same purpose, architect Marcelo de Vita projected classrooms for temporary use in 1969. At the same time and by the same architect, the gym was designed, which was built after the construction of the annexed building along with two accesses from Jose Marti street.

</doc>
<doc id="18564419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564419" title="Miroslav Mindev">
Miroslav Mindev

Miroslav Mindev (; born 27 July 1980) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Sliven 2000 as a forward. 
With Sliven Mindev became two times the championship's top goalscorer in Bulgarian second division. In season 2006–07 he scored 20 goals and in season 2007–08 scored 25 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18564423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564423" title="1814 in Chile">
1814 in Chile

Events from the year 1814 in Chile

</doc>
<doc id="18564451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564451" title="Benedict Ako">
Benedict Ako

Benedict Ako (born 5 August 1968) is a retired Tanzanian long-distance runner. Ako is a three-time champion of the Mount Meru Marathon in Arusha, Tanzania (1993, 1994, 2002). He holds an "all-comers" record for the fastest marathon performance in Tanzania, 2:13:46, set August 1, 1993 in Arusha.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18564452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564452" title="Dodrupchen Jigme Trinle Ozer">
Dodrupchen Jigme Trinle Ozer

Dodrupchen Jigme Trinle Ozer (Wylie: jigs med phrin las 'od zer") (1745–1821) was a Nyingmapa terton who was the "heart-son" of Jigme Lingpa for whom he became the 'principal lineague holder' (Wylie: "tTsa Ba'i Ch'os bDag") of the "Longchen Nyingthig" terma cycle. Jigme Trinle Ozer was recognized by Jigme Lingpa as the mindstream embodiment of one of King Trisong Detsen's sons, Prince Murum Tsenpo. Jigme Trinle Ozer blessed Patrul Rinpoche as child and gave him his name whilst prophesying his eminence. 
A list of Drodrupchen Rinpoche's are as follows:
1.Dodrupchen Jikmé Trinlé Özer (1745-1821)
2.Dodrupchen Jikmé Puntsok Jungné (1824-1863)
3.Dodrupchen Jikmé Tenpé Nyima (1865-1926)
4.Dodrupchen Rigdzin Tenpé Gyaltsen (1927-1961) & Dodrupchen Tubten Trinlé Pal Zang (b. 1927)
Nomenclature, etymology and orthography.
The name "Jigme Trinle Ozer (Wylie: jigs med phrin las 'od zer")" was given to Jigme Trinle Ozer by Jigme Lingpa and it may be rendered into English as "Rays of Fearless Enlightened Action". An alternate orthography of Jigme Trinle Ozer's name is Jikmé Trinlé Özer.

</doc>
<doc id="18564457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564457" title="Peter Chebet">
Peter Chebet

Peter Kiptoo Kiplagat is a Kenyan long-distance runner.
Biography.
Peter Kiptoo Kiplagat was born in Kaptarakwa, Elgeyo Marakwet County in Kenya. He attended Mokwo primary school and Kilibwoni High School.
Achiements

</doc>
<doc id="18564458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564458" title="Gualberto Campos">
Gualberto Campos


</doc>
<doc id="18564467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564467" title="Christopher Cheboiboch">
Christopher Cheboiboch

Christopher Cheboiboch (born 3 March 1977) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes in the marathon. He has won the Leipzig Marathon and the San Diego Marathon and was the runner-up at the 2002 New York City Marathon. He represented his country at the 2003 World Championships in Athletics, but did not finish the marathon race.

</doc>
<doc id="18564475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564475" title="John Gwako">
John Gwako

John Gwako (born 4 September 1978) is a Kenyan long-distance runner.
He won the Marseille-Cassis Classique Internationale half-marathon in 1997, setting a course record of 1:00:27.
After suffering from injuries for quite some time, he is now planning a comeback in 2014.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18564483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564483" title="Mohammad Hamrang">
Mohammad Hamrang

Mohammad Hamrang (, born 9 March 1984) is an Iranian football player of Saba Battery. He usually plays in the defender position. He was part of Iran national under-17 football team at 2001 FIFA U-17 World Championship.
Club career.
Club Career statistics.
Last Update 22 August 2011 

</doc>
<doc id="18564484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564484" title="Frank Thomas (comics)">
Frank Thomas (comics)

Frank Thomas (1914–1968) was an American Golden Age cartoonist who worked primarily for Centaur Publications.
For Centaur he created The Eye, Chuck Hardy, Dr. Hypno, and Solarman (no relation to the Marvel Comics superhero of the same name). Later in his career, he worked for Dell on The Owl, Billy and Bonnie Bee, Buddies and other characters. He wrote scripts for "Andy Panda", "Little Lulu", "Woody Woodpecker" and "Little Scouts".
Comic strips.
Also in the 1940s, he did the "Dinky Doyle" daily strip. In the following decade, he did the "Going West" strip (1951–54), as well as "Hossface Hank" (Al Smith Service, 1955–64). Between 1955 and 1965 he was ghost artist on Henning Dahl Mikkelsen's "Ferd'nand" comic strip. His Aunty and Arabella comic panels for "Cats" magazine continued in print for over two decades after his death.
Legacy.
Despite his relatively brief career and obscure status as a creator, Thomas's characters saw numerous revivals in the years and decades that followed his retirement from the field. In the 1960s, Gold Key Comics revived The Owl and Owl Girl, inspired by the success of the "Batman" television series. The two issues of Gold Key’s "The Owl"—in which the duo was shown in campy, self-parodying stories—came out in April 1967 and April 1968. In the 1970s, The Owl appeared in issue #22 of Gold Key’s "The Occult Files of Doctor Spektor".
In 1999, The Owl appeared in issue #17 of the AC Comics title "Men of Mystery Comics". Most recently, The Owl is one of many public domain characters to appear in Dynamite Entertainment’s 2008 miniseries "Project Superpowers".
His Eye character also saw a brief revival in the early 1990s as a supporting character in Malibu Comics' Protectors series.

</doc>
<doc id="18564485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564485" title="Kottayam (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Kottayam (Lok Sabha constituency)

Kottayam is a Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala.
Assembly segments.
Kottayam Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18564489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564489" title="Klisino">
Klisino

Klisino () is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. The settlement was first historically mentioned in the year 1245. It lies approximately north of Głubczyce and south of the regional capital Opole.

</doc>
<doc id="18564490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564490" title="Abner Chipu">
Abner Chipu

Abner Chipu (born 2 January 1972) is a retired South African long-distance runner. His specialties include Cross, Half Marathon, Marathon, Cross team event and the Half Marathon Team Event. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18564494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564494" title="Salvadoran Australian">
Salvadoran Australian

Salvadoran Australian () is an Australian who has Salvadoran ancestry. The entry of Salvadorans in Australia is caused by economic and political problems. The largest immigration happened when people left El Salvador as refugees who turned from Salvadoran Civil War in 1980s and helped by Australian allies in the war. The majority of Salvadorians that live in Australia are of white and mestizo ancestry. The largest percentage of Salvadorans in Australia live in Melbourne- 32% in Melbourne, 21% in Brisbane and 18% reside in Sydney.
Census data records that 25% work in managerial or professional roles. A further 23% work in production, transport and trades; 20% are labourers. Many migrants from El Salvador are skilled workers, but their lack of English has forced them to take unskilled jobs. Over 92% still speak Spanish at home, and the majority are Catholic. 
Race and ethnicity.
Much of the Salvadoran population that came to Australia are of mixed Native American, African, European ancestry. The Salvadorians of mixed ancestry, can vary differently with Native American background ancestry European, West African, Mayan, Pipil, Lenca. The Indigenous Salvadorans are mostly of Pipil and Lenca ancestries, some are Mayan. 
Many of the biracial mixed and White Caucasian Salvadorans and other Central Americans have ancestry from Spain, Italy, Portugal, Germany, France, Ireland, Poland, Jews and other European countries that arrived in all parts of El Salvador during the World War Two as refugees with the help of José Castellanos Contreras. 

</doc>
<doc id="18564507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564507" title="Vilnius Marathon">
Vilnius Marathon

The Danske Bank Vilnius Marathon is an annual road marathon, held in Vilnius, Lithuania. The main sponsor of the marathon is Danske Bank. It was introduced in 2001 as 10k race and grew to a classic marathon in 2004. Half marathon was introduced in 2006. Quarter marathon was introduced in 2012. Member of AIMS from 2007. It's probably fastest growing marathon in Baltics, it doubled number of participants in 2012 and 2013. In 2012 there were over 5000 runners, while 2013 10 000 runners ran the marathon.
The start and finish line is near the Cathedral Square in the very heart of Vilnius.

</doc>
<doc id="18564509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564509" title="Ocarina Networks">
Ocarina Networks

Ocarina Networks was a technology company selling a hardware/software solution designed to reduce data footprints with file-aware storage optimization. A subsidiary of Dell, their flagship product, the Ocarina Appliance/Reader, released in April 2008, uses patented data compression techniques incorporating such methods as record linkage and context-based lossless data compression. The product includes the hardware-appliance-based compressor, the Ocarina Optimizer, and a real-time decompressor, the software-based Ocarina Reader.
History.
Ocarina was founded by Murli Thirumale, formerly a vice-president and general manager at Citrix Systems; Carter George, formerly a vice-president and co-founder of PolyServe (acquired by HP); and Goutham Rao, formerly Chief Technical Officer and Chief Architect for Advanced Solutions Group of Citrix Systems.
Its solution works by identifying redundancy at a global file system level, and applying specific algorithms for different data formats, such as algorithms specific to images, text, executables, seismic data, and so forth. Ocarina's Optimizers work with existing storage systems through standard network protocols such as NFS, or are directly integrated with partner vendors storage systems. 
On July 19, 2010, Dell announced it plans to acquire Ocarina Networks. The transaction was completed on July 31, 2010.
Technology.
The company's ECOsystem (Extract, Correlate, Optimize) provides data reduction technology, providing both deduplication and content-aware data compression in a reliable, scalable, policy-based package. ECOsystem consists of 3 primary components, an optimizer, a reader, and a management and reporting framework. These components are delivered in software or appliance form depending on customer, application, and underlying storage solution.
The standard ECOsystem workflow is a post process. Files are first stored to disk in native form. Policies are used to specify which files are to be optimized (based on age, location, or file type), and what compression settings to use. Policies are commonly used to avoid optimization of files that are actively being modified. ECOsystem may also be configured to migrate optimized data to a secondary tier of lower-cost storage for disk-based archival applications.
Compression and deduplication algorithms.
ECOsystem is content aware, with selection of compression solution based on the type of data being processed. This goes beyond file-extension filtering. ECOsystem will recursively decompose compound files, until elemental text, media, or binary components are identified. At the heart of the optimizer software is a context-weighted neural net that will apply the most effective compression solution based on the nature of the elemental file component identified, and will efficiently remember optimal settings based on similar files processed.
ECOsystem in most cases is highly effective at achieving results on novel or proprietary file-types, as well as pre-compressed media such as JPEG images and MPEG4 video. Ocarina has successfully processed data in over 600 file formats to-date.
ECOmax and NFO workflows.
Two forms of Ocarina's post-processing workflow are available; ECOmax and Native Format Optimization or NFO. ECOmax utilizes all available compression methods to shrink data, including on-disk structures that maximize utilization of physical blocks. The ECOmax workflow requires the use of the ECOreader, which is run-anywhere software that efficiently decodes data for transparent readback. ECOmax may be applied to any file or data types including specialized files used by various vertical industries.
The NFO workflow is designed specifically for web-based media companies. In NFO, media files (for example JPEGs) are stored in their native state, which eliminates the need for decoding, and allows customers to capture data-reduction benefits throughout the workflow, including web distribution (bandwidth savings and better end-user experience), and movement into archival systems. NFO provides "visually identical" compression that tailors image parameters to the sensitivities of the Human Visual System Model, and the intended use of the image, without creating any perceivable quality degradation.
Partners.
Ocarina delivers its products as either hardware (appliance) or software solutions directly to customers or via OEM partners.

</doc>
<doc id="18564513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564513" title="Isoelastic utility">
Isoelastic utility

In economics, the isoelastic function for utility, also known as the isoelastic utility function, or power utility function is used to express utility in terms of consumption or some other economic variable that a decision-maker is concerned with. The isoelastic utility function is a special case of HARA and at the same time is the only class of utility functions with constant relative risk aversion, which is why it is also called the CRRA utility function.
It is
where formula_2 is consumption, formula_3 the associated utility, and formula_4 is a non-negative constant. Since additive constant terms in objective functions do not affect optimal decisions, the term –1 in the numerator can be, and usually is, omitted (except when establishing the limiting case of formula_5 as below).
When the context involves risk, the utility function is viewed as a von Neumann-Morgenstern utility function, and the parameter formula_4 is a measure of risk aversion.
The isoelastic utility function is a special case of the hyperbolic absolute risk aversion (HARA) utility functions, and is used in analyses that either include or do not include underlying risk.
Empirical parametrization.
There is substantial debate in the economics and finance literature with respect to the empirical value of formula_4. While relatively high values of formula_4 (as high as 50 in some models) are necessary to explain the behavior of asset prices, some controlled experiments have documented behavior that is more consistent with values of formula_4 as low as one.
Risk aversion features.
This and only this utility function has the feature of constant relative risk aversion. Mathematically this means that formula_10 is a constant, specifically formula_4. In theoretical models this often has the implication that decision-making is unaffected by scale. For instance, in the standard model of one risk-free asset and one risky asset, under constant relative risk aversion the fraction of wealth optimally placed in the risky asset is independent of the level of initial wealth.

</doc>
<doc id="18564518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564518" title="Afumați, Dolj">
Afumați, Dolj

Afumaţi is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,320 people. It is composed of three villages: Afumaţi, Boureni and Covei.

</doc>
<doc id="18564523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564523" title="Mostafa Errebbah">
Mostafa Errebbah

Mostafa Errebbah (born 1 August 1971 in Douar Krazza) is a Moroccan-born Italian long-distance runner who specialized in the 5000 metres.
Biography.
He competed at the 2000 World Half Marathon Championships for Morocco. He then became an Italian citizen in January 2001, and finished fifteenth at the 2001 World Half Marathon Championships. He also competed at the 2001 World Half Marathon Championships with less success.
He's married with Daniela Melotti since 1998 and they have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18564530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564530" title="Almăj">
Almăj

Almăj is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,211 people. It is composed of four villages: Almăj, Bogea, Moşneni and Şitoaia. It also included Beharca and Coţofenii din Faţă villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Coțofenii din Față Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18564537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564537" title="Amărăștii de Sus">
Amărăștii de Sus

Amărăştii de Sus is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3.847 people. It is composed of two villages, Amărăştii de Sus and Zvorsca. It also included Dobroteşti and Nisipuri villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Dobroteşti Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18564542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564542" title="Mehmet Ekici">
Mehmet Ekici

Mehmet Ekici (; born 25 March 1990) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Werder Bremen, having previously played for 1. FC Nürnberg and Bayern Munich. Born in Germany, Ekici played for the Germany national football team at Under-17 to Under-21 level before switching to represent Turkey in senior competition.
Career.
Bayern Munich.
Ekici has appeared for Bayern Munich's first team, making his debut in the 2008 T-Home Super Cup. He has been named in Bayern Munich's squad for the both the 2008–09 and 2009–10 UEFA Champions League. In January 2010, it was announced that Ekici would train with the first-team for the rest of the 2009–10 season, along with reserve team-mates David Alaba and Diego Contento, and on 1 February, he followed Contento in signing a contract with the senior team. He was an unused substitute for a few matches before injury ruled him out of the end of the season. In July 2010, he joined 1. FC Nürnberg on a season-long loan.
Werder Bremen.
On 18 May 2011, he transferred to Werder Bremen for a fee believed to be around €5 million. He scored his first goal for Bremen on 17 September, against his former club 1. FC Nürnberg in match that ended in a 1–1 draw.
International career.
Although he has represented Germany, the nation of his birth, at youth and U21 levels, he has elected to play for Turkey at the senior level. He was called up to Turkish side by Guus Hiddink for the friendly match against the Netherlands. On 29 March 2011, Ekici represented Turkey in his first major international match against Austria where he played right-wing with Turkish play-maker Arda Turan on the left-wing, which resulted in Turkey winning the match 2–0 and getting their UEFA Euro 2012 qualification back on-track. Ekici has gone with Turkish manager Guus Hiddink to 1. FC Nürnberg to try to persuade his close friend İlkay Gündoğan to follow in his paths in playing for Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="18564546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564546" title="Somalian slender mongoose">
Somalian slender mongoose

The Somalian slender mongoose ("Galerella ochracea") is a mongoose endemic to Somalia. It is a small to medium-sized carnivoran, averaging about 0.6 kg (1.3 lbs) in weight.

</doc>
<doc id="18564548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564548" title="Apele Vii">
Apele Vii

Apele Vii is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,487 people. It is composed of a single village, Apele Vii.

</doc>
<doc id="18564553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564553" title="Argetoaia">
Argetoaia

Argetoaia is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,903 people. It is composed of twelve villages: Argetoaia, Băranu, Berbeşu, Iordăcheşti, Leordoasa, Malumnic, Novac, Piria, Poiana Fântânii, Salcia, Teascu din Deal and Ursoaia.

</doc>
<doc id="18564555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564555" title="Sai Kung Tang Shiu Kin Sports Ground">
Sai Kung Tang Shiu Kin Sports Ground

Sai Kung Tang Shiu Kin Sports Ground is a sports ground on Fook Man Road, Sai Kung, New Territories, Hong Kong. It is managed by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of Hong Kong.
The sports ground includes a football field and a running track. It holds 3,000. It is the home ground of Sai Kung Football Club. The sports ground is located near the Sai Kung Bus terminus.

</doc>
<doc id="18564564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564564" title="Bârca">
Bârca

Bârca is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,500 people. It is composed of a single village, Bârca.

</doc>
<doc id="18564571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564571" title="Botoșești-Paia">
Botoșești-Paia

Botoşeşti-Paia is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 986 people. It is composed of a single village, Botoşeşti-Paia.

</doc>
<doc id="18564578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564578" title="Brabova">
Brabova

Brabova is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,776 people. It is composed of six villages: Brabova, Caraiman, Mosna, Răchita de Jos, Urdiniţa and Voita.

</doc>
<doc id="18564581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564581" title="Brădești, Dolj">
Brădești, Dolj

Brădeşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,785 people. It is composed of six villages: Brădeşti, Brădeştii Bătrâni, Meteu, Piscani, Răcarii de Jos and Tatomireşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18564582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564582" title="Port Talbot (disambiguation)">
Port Talbot (disambiguation)

Port Talbot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18564585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564585" title="Braloștița">
Braloștița

Braloştiţa is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,200 people. It is composed of six villages: Braloştiţa, Ciocanele, Racoviţa, Schitu, Sfârcea and Valea Fântânilor.

</doc>
<doc id="18564588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564588" title="Bratovoești">
Bratovoești

Bratovoeşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,693 people. It is composed of four villages: Bădoşi, Bratovoeşti, Georocu Mare and Prunet. It also included Rojişte and Tâmbureşti villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Rojiște Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18564594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564594" title="Idukki (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Idukki (Lok Sabha constituency)

Idukki is a Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala.
Assembly segments.
Idukki Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18564598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564598" title="Breasta">
Breasta

Breasta is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,906 people. It is composed of seven villages: Breasta, Cotu, Crovna, Făget, Obedin, Roşieni and Valea Lungului.

</doc>
<doc id="18564601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564601" title="Bucovăț, Dolj">
Bucovăț, Dolj

Bucovăţ is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,224 people. It is composed of seven villages: Bucovăţ, Cârligei, Italieni, Leamna de Jos, Leamna de Sus, Palilula and Sărbătoarea.

</doc>
<doc id="18564602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564602" title="Edward Génicot">
Edward Génicot

Edward Génicot, born at Antwerp (Belgium), 18 June 1856, and died at Leuven (Belgium), 21 February 1900, was a Belgian Jesuit priest and moral theologian.
Life.
After a course of studies at the Jesuit college in Antwerp, he entered the Society of Jesus the 27 September 1872. He was successively professor of humanities and of rhetoric at the Jesuit school of Ghent and at Antwerp. After being ordained priest and sustaining a public defense in all theology, taught first canon law and then moral theology at the Jesuit theological faculty of Louvain, from 1889 until his death.
Works.
In 1896 he published his "Theologiæ Moralis Institutiones" in which the sixth edition, in harmony with recent decrees of the Holy See, appeared in 1909 (at Brussels). Father Génicot drew his inspiration chiefly from the large work of Ballerini-Palmieri. His own work follows principles to their conclusions and sets down the conduct confessors may legitimately follow in the confessional.
Another work, "Casus Conscientiæ", was published after the author's death. The third edition (1906) appeared with additions and corrections in 1909 (Louvain). These 'cases of conscience' were gathered in large part from actual experience.

</doc>
<doc id="18564605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564605" title="VUK">
VUK

Vuk is the Serbo-Croatian word for "Wolf". VUK or Vuk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18564610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564610" title="Bulzești">
Bulzești

Bulzeşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,920 people. It is composed of ten villages: Bulzeşti, Frăţila, Gura Racului, Înfrăţirea, Piscu Lung, Poienile, Prejoi, Sălişte, Seculeşti and Stoiceşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18564614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564614" title="Călărași, Dolj">
Călărași, Dolj

Călăraşi is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 6,576 people. It is composed of two villages, Călăraşi and Sărata.

</doc>
<doc id="18564624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564624" title="Calopăr">
Calopăr

Calopăr is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,000 people. It is composed of five villages: Belcinu, Bâzdâna, Calopăr, Panaghia and Sălcuţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18564628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564628" title="Caraula">
Caraula

Caraula is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,560 people. It is composed of a single village, Caraula.

</doc>
<doc id="18564630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564630" title="Cârcea">
Cârcea

Cârcea is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,100 people. It is composed of a single village, Cârcea, part of Coșoveni Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18564635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564635" title="Sergio Sánchez (athlete)">
Sergio Sánchez (athlete)

Sergio Sánchez (born 1 October 1982 in La Pola de Gordón) is a Spanish long-distance runner who specializes in the 5000 metres.
He finished sixteenth at the 1999 World Youth Championships and eighth at the 2008 World Indoor Championships, both in the 3000 metres. He also won a bronze medal at the European Athletics Indoor Cup that year.
At the 2009 World Championships in Athletics he ran in the 5000 m but did not progress beyond the heats stage. A fourth place finish at the 2009 European Cross Country Championships earned him a team gold medal alongside the Spanish men. He was a surprise winner of the 2009 Cross Internacional de Venta de Baños, beating the reigning European champion Alemayehu Bezabeh.
In early 2010 he ran a Spanish record in the 2000 m and then set a European indoor record over 3000 m (7:32.41 mins). He went on to take a silver medal at the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships behind Bernard Lagat. He reached the final race of the 5000 metres at the 2010 European Athletics Championships in Barcelona, but did not manage to finish the race on home soil. He was the top-performing European at the Cross de la Constitución in December, taking fourth place.
In June 2013 he took the European Cup 10000m title, with a time of 28:31.75, after battling Turkey's Halil Akkaş and overtaking him by 0.07 seconds.
On September 12, 2013 he was identified as having failed a drug test that was taken during the Spain Athletics Championships held in July 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="18564640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564640" title="Cârna">
Cârna

Cârna is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,550 people. It is composed of a single village, Cârna, part of Goicea Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18564643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564643" title="Carpen">
Carpen

Carpen is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,953 people. It is composed of three villages: Carpen, Cleanov and Gebleşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18564652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564652" title="Castranova">
Castranova

Castranova is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,644 people. It is composed of two villages, Castranova and Puţuri.

</doc>
<doc id="18564656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564656" title="Catane">
Catane

Catane is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,010 people. It is composed of two villages, Catane and Catanele Noi. These were part of Negoi Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18564664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564664" title="Celaru">
Celaru

Celaru is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 5,600 people. It is composed of five villages: Celaru, Ghizdăveşti, Marotinu de Jos, Marotinu de Sus and Soreni.

</doc>
<doc id="18564666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564666" title="Gołuszowice">
Gołuszowice

Gołuszowice () is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. The village has an old 16th-century church. It lies approximately west of Głubczyce and south of the regional capital Opole.

</doc>
<doc id="18564669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564669" title="Cerăt">
Cerăt

Cerăt is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,077 people. It is composed of two villages, Cerăt and Malaica.

</doc>
<doc id="18564672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564672" title="M.S.N. Charities">
M.S.N. Charities

M.S.N. Charities is a charitable organization established at East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh, India, in 1915, from the will of Malladi Satyalingam Naicker, who died on 29 January 1915.
About the will.
In 1912, "Malladi Satyalingam Naicker" had a will registered in the District Court at Rangoon. He bequeathed 8 lakhs of rupees in cash for the following charities: 
According his will, a board of Trustees was constituted with Dewan Bhahadur D. Seshagiri rao Panthulu as Chief Trustee, his adopted son Subrahmanyam Naicker, Pinapothu Govindarajulu and Kovvuri Adeyyareddi as the other Trustees.
Probate was granted by the Chief Court of Lower Burma on 1 March 1915 and the 8 lakhs of rupees mentioned in the will were handed over to the trustees in Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh, about 4 March 1915.
A choultry was opened in a rented building on 19 October 1915, for feeding the poor. An extensive site of about was acquired by the Government for the Charities and handed over to the trustees on 24 August 1916. The present choultry building was completed and opened on 29 August 1918.
The school building was completed and opened on 4 October 1919.
In the terms of the will, five lakhs of rupees should be permanently invested on agricultural lands, two lakhs deposited in other securities, and the remaining one lakh spent on the construction of a school building with large playgrounds and up-to-date gymnasium, a choultry adjacent to the school, and a temple at Chollangi village.
The seven lakhs of rupees invested were to provide interest and income to maintain the school, the choultry, the temple, and the fund for higher education.
At Chollangi village, a bathing ghat, temples of Shiva, Rama and Anjaneya, a building for the Archakas, and a rest house for the pilgrims were subsequently constructed.
Institutions.
As per the will of Sri Malladi Satyalingam Naicker, the following institutions are being maintained:
Since inception of this charities, nearly 1,25,000 (one Lakh twenty five thousand) students were studied in this educational Institutions from Class I to Post Graduate, and Andhra Polytechnic, Kakinada
Persons who visited M.S.N.Charities.
The following prominent persons visited Sri M.S.N. Charities:
A brief history of Malladi Satyalingam Naicker.
Malladi Satyalingam Naicker belongs to the Agnikulakshatriya Community\Vanniyar (Pallava) He was born at Coringa, a small village near Kakinada about 1863. Coringa had at one time commanded an over-seas trade and was a prosperous place.
Satyalingam’s ancestors were in foreign trade and rich. This prosperous foreign business came to an end during Satyalingam’s father's tenure. His ships were wrecked at sea, and the family was reduced to poverty.
Karri Narayana Swamy, his maternal uncle, who owned some ships and was doing foreign business took him and his widowed mother under his care. Instead of learning lessons, Satyalingam spent his time playing with other truants in the village. Satyalingam came to know that one of his uncle’s ships were being fitted to set sail to Mullein (Moulmein) in Burma. He requested his uncle to let him be a mate in the ship. The sympathetic uncle entrusted him to the care of the captain (Nakhoda) and thus Satyalingam’s life changed from India to Burma. When the ship had reached the port at Moulmein, a major port in Burma at that time, the boy Satyalingam gave them a slip one night and disappeared from the ship. The captain and his men searched for the boy for a month, but in vain. The helpless widow, the boy’s mother, died of a broken heart.
Satyalingam's integrity in business dealings soon won for him the respect and confidence of European business magnates in Rangoon. He undertook the business of supplying labour to the mill on a contract basis. In two years, he amassed more than one lakh rupees. He used to lend up to Rs. 50,000 to the mill itself.
He purchased two steam launches and employed a number of clerks to assist him in his business.
Satyalingam, the good–for-nothing lad of Coringa became the master of Lakhs and returned to Coringa, married at the instance of his relatives and went back to Rangoon again. But some years later his wife died. He adopted a son known as Sri Subrahmanyam Naicker.
Satyalingam Naicker died in Rangoon on 29 January 1915 when he was about 75 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="18564676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564676" title="Cernătești, Dolj">
Cernătești, Dolj

Cernăteşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Cernăteşti, Corniţa, Rasnicu Bătrân, Rasnicu Oghian and Ţiu.

</doc>
<doc id="18564686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564686" title="Cetate, Dolj">
Cetate, Dolj

Cetate is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 6,000 people. It is composed of two villages, Cetate and Moreni.
In January 1854, during the Crimean War, Cetate was the scene of a battle between a Russian garrison there and a Turkish army based in Kalafat. The battle was inconclusive, though the Turks were unable to capture the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18564692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564692" title="Cioroiași">
Cioroiași

Cioroiaşi is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,006 people. It is composed of three villages: Cetăţuia, Cioroiaşi and Cioroiu Nou.

</doc>
<doc id="18564695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564695" title="Francisco Sánchez (athlete)">
Francisco Sánchez (athlete)

Francisco Sánchez Vargas (born 18 May 1958 in La Rinconada, Seville) is a retired Spanish long-distance runner who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase. He represented Spain at the 1980 Olympic Games.
He won the bronze medal at the 1983 Mediterranean Games. He competed at the 1983 World Championships, the 1986 European Championships and the 1987 World Championships without reaching the final. He won the 1988 edition of the Cross Zornotza.
His personal best time was 8.16.59 minutes, achieved in August 1983 in West Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="18564696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564696" title="Alappuzha (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Alappuzha (Lok Sabha constituency)

Alappuzha is a Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala. This constituency was earlier known as Alleppey.
Assembly segments.
Alappuzha Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:
Lok Sabha Elections 2014.
Sobha Surendran got declared as BJP Alappuzha candidate for Lok Sabha Elections 2014 

</doc>
<doc id="18564697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564697" title="Ciupercenii Noi">
Ciupercenii Noi

Ciupercenii Noi is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 5,899 people. It is composed of two villages, Ciupercenii Noi and Smârdan.

</doc>
<doc id="18564705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564705" title="Coșoveni">
Coșoveni

Coşoveni is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,982 people. It is composed of a single village, Coşoveni. It also included Cârcea village until 2004, when it was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18564707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564707" title="2002–03 Slovenian Cup">
2002–03 Slovenian Cup


</doc>
<doc id="18564710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564710" title="Coțofenii din Dos">
Coțofenii din Dos

Coţofenii din Dos is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,573 people. It is composed of three villages: Coţofenii din Dos, Mihăiţa and Potmelţu.

</doc>
<doc id="18564712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564712" title="Coțofenii din Față">
Coțofenii din Față

Coţofenii din Faţă is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,000 people. It is composed of two villages, Beharca and Coţofenii din Faţă. These were part of Almăj Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18564713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564713" title="Zemina">
Zemina

Zemina (Korean: 재미나, originally 제미나) was a South Korean software maker brand of Saehan Trading (Korean: 새한 상사) founded in 1981. They primarily made games for the Daewoo Zemmix, but because it was an MSX computer made to look and be played like a game console, they work on other MSX computers as well. Although many of them were copies of other games, like Super Boy I (based on "Super Mario Bros."), they also produced some more original ones in their later years.
Korea didn't have a copyright law for computer programs until July 1987. Because of that, many companies, including Zemina, sold pirate copies of foreign titles with their own copyright hacked in. Even after that, the new law protected only the program code, not the intellectual property as a whole, so a lot of their "own" games were ports of famous Japanese games.
Most of their titles were converted to the Sega Master System as well. In 1992, they engaged in developing exclusive games for the Master System and Famicom consoles, but not all of them were released.
They even released "Nemesis 3" under official license from Konami under the title "Salamander II" - all the while still selling multi game cartridges full of pirate copies of older Konami games.
Zemina games.
List of original games.
Note 1: The clone game "Block Hole" is also known as Sagak-ui Bimil; <br> Note 2: Other releases that are merely hacks of Japanese games with Zemina's logo are not listed here.
Hardware.
Zemina also made hardware for the Zemmix. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="18564715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564715" title="South Milwaukee High School">
South Milwaukee High School

South Milwaukee High School, "Home of the Rockets", is a high school located in the city of South Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U.S.A., a suburb of Milwaukee. Approximately 1,300 students attend the high school. Most come from South Milwaukee itself, but some are from Milwaukee. The school is operated by the School District of South Milwaukee.
Sports and activities.
A variety of sports and activities are offered at South Milwaukee High School. The athletic teams compete in the Woodland Conference of the WIAA.
Other events.
In 2003, plans were announced to carve a totem pole for the school.
The school's athletic fields were damaged by flooding in June 2008 when Oak Creek overflowed its banks.
Notable graduates.
Notable graduates include Reginald Lisowski and Kurt Nimphius.

</doc>
<doc id="18564717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564717" title="Daneți">
Daneți

Daneţi is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 7,211 people. It is composed of four villages: Brabeţi, Branişte, Daneţi and Locusteni.
Most of the village's population are farmers. Principal agricultural crops are corn, grain, and grapes: householders also maintain individual vegetable gardens. Daneţi offers a few very small shops where bread and other products needed daily can be bought. Electricity is offered as well as internet connection for a small fee. Daneţi is 50 kilometers from the nearest big city, Craiova. Transportation to and from the town is provided by a bus that run every 30 minutes from 6am to 6pm. 

</doc>
<doc id="18564719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564719" title="Dictionary of Sydney">
Dictionary of Sydney

The Dictionary of Sydney is a digital humanities project to produce an online, expert-written encyclopedia of all aspects of the history of Sydney. 
Description.
The Dictionary is a partnership between the City of Sydney, the University of Sydney, the State Library of New South Wales, the State Records Authority of New South Wales, and the University of Technology Sydney. It began in 2007 with Australian Research Council funding and launched on 5 November 2009.
Geographically, the Dictionary of Sydney includes the whole Sydney basin and chronologically spans the years from the earliest human habitation to the present. It also invites historical contributions from disciplines such as archaeology, sociology, literary studies, historical geography and cultural studies. 
Heurist, developed by the University of Sydney is the underlying technology for the project. The Dictionary of Sydney won an Energy Australia National Trust Heritage Award for Interpretation and Presentation in April 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18564722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564722" title="Desa, Dolj">
Desa, Dolj

Desa is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,940 people. It is composed of a single village, Desa.

</doc>
<doc id="18564723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564723" title="Koreans in Chile">
Koreans in Chile

Koreans in Chile formed Latin America's sixth-largest Korean diaspora community , according to the statistics of South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade.
Migration history.
The earliest Korean migrants to Chile were soldiers of the North Korean army captured by United Nations forces, who declined repatriation after the signing of the , and came to Chile under the auspices of the Red Cross. They were resettled in the city of Temuco.
Immigration from South Korea to Chile would not begin until 1970, when five families came to work in the floriculture sector. Three more families came by way of Bolivia in 1975, and another ten in 1976. By 1978, the year of the founding of the Asociación Coreana de Chile, there were between twenty and thirty Korean families residing in Chile. In 1978, twenty Korean families founded a school, the Colegio Coreano, with the assistances of the Presbyterian Church to offer weekend courses in Korean language, culture, and history to Korean children in Chile.
Most of the families immigrating in those days actually had Argentina as their final destination, and intended to reside in Chile only as long as it took them to obtain an Argentine visa, but as Argentina required prospective immigrants to have at least US$30,000 in capital, many found themselves unable to qualify; they instead settled in Chile, where the requirement was merely one-sixth that amount. Many settled in the Barrio Patronato, a traditionally immigrant-dominated neighbourhood then filled largely with Arabs. They started out in the textile manufacturing sector, but along with Chile's shift away from an import substitution-oriented economic model, they turned to opening shops and importing clothing and other products from their homeland instead.
Between 1997 and 2005, the Korean population of Chile grew by one-quarter, from 1,470 to 1,858 individuals, surpassing in size the community of Koreans in Peru. Afterwards, the population continued to grow, to 2,510 by 2011. South Korean governments showed a total of 48 ethnic Koreans with Chilean nationality, 2,366 with permanent residency, seven international students, and 119 with other types of visas.
Inter-ethnic relations.
Koreans in Chile are respected by Chileans of other backgrounds for their work ethic, but are perceived as a very closed community, especially with regards to interracial marriage. The Korean shops of Patronato are well known for their low prices; their competitors accuse them of unfair commercial practises, and spread rumours that their imports of South Korean products are subsidised by the government. Ordinary Chileans also feel some envy towards the commercial success of Koreans in their country. A 1996 investigation found that many Korean businesses in Chile violated labor safety and hygiene standards, and imposed unfair contracts on workers, cementing the reputation of Korean business owners as "despots" towards their workers. At the same time, however, Chileans have respect for the rapid economic development undertaken by South Korea. On the other hand, Koreans in Chile often perceive Chileans as superficial in their friendships, lazy, irresponsible, and somewhat racist.
Religion.
Among the Korean community in Chile, Protestantism is the majority religion; Patronato has two Presbyterian churches and one Roman Catholic one. Many Korean migrants to Chile were not Christians at the time of their arrival, but became churchgoers in order to take part in the specifically Korean social life offered by the churches, which offered them comfort and reminders of home after the stressful experience of migration to a foreign country.

</doc>
<doc id="18564728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564728" title="Dioști">
Dioști

Dioşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,338 people. It is composed of three villages: Ciocăneşti, Dioşti and Radomir.

</doc>
<doc id="18564733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564733" title="Vuk (name)">
Vuk (name)

Vuk () is a South Slavic male given name, predominantly recorded among the Serbs. The name literally means "wolf". Vuk Karadžić, 19th-century Serbian philologist and ethnographer, explained the traditional, apotropaic use of the name: a woman who had lost several babies in succession, would name her newborn son Vuk, because it was believed that the witches, who "ate" the babies, were afraid to attack the wolves. In the Serbian epic poetry, the wolf is a symbol of fearlessness. Vuk was the 17th most popular name for boys in Serbia in the period 2003–2005.
There are many given names derived from the noun "vuk". The following are male names recorded among the Serbs by the 19th century: Vukaj, Vuko, Vukoje, Vukovoj, Vukovoje, Vukal, Vukalj, Vukajlo, Vukola, Vukel, Vukelja, Vukula, Vukan, Vukolin, Vukota, Vukić, Vukadin, Vukac, Vukas, Vuksan, Vukač, Vukašin, Vukša, Vukdrag, Vukman, Vukoman, Vukmir, Vukomir, Vukmilj, Vukoslav, Vukosav, Dobrovuk, Vučo, Vučko, Vučela, Vučan, Vučen, Vučin, Vučihna, Vučina, Vučeta, Vučić, Vučkulin, Vujo, Vujan, Vujat, Vujadin, Vujin, Vujeta, Vujčeta, Vujčin, Vujić, Vujko, Vujak, Vujica, Vujača, Vujaš, Vule, Vulina, Vulić, Vulic, and Vuleš. There are also female names derived from "vuk": Vuka, Vukana, Vujana, Vukava, Vučica, Vukadinka, Vujadinka, Vukmira, Vukomirka, Vukomanka, and Vukosava. All the derivatives from "vuk" were regarded as apotropaic names. In the period 2003–2005, Vukašin was the 30th and Vukan the 82nd most popular name for boys in Serbia.
The name Vuk is recorded in Serbian sources dating before 1400 in the form of Vlk (Old Cyrillic: ), with a syllabic "l". Through a sound change in Serbian that took place after 1400, the syllabic "l" turned into the vowel "u". In this way Vlk became Vuk, and by the same process the initial "Vuk-" and "Vuč-" in the derivatives developed from "Vlk-" and "Vlč-"; e.g., Vukašin from Vlkašin. The names Vujo and Vule are the bases for the derivatives starting with "Vuj-" and "Vul-". They are formed from "vuk" on the same pattern as the pet names "Brajo" and "Brale" are formed from "brat" "brother".
The given name Vlk and its derivatives, Vlkoň, Vlček, and Vlčata for males, and Vlkava and Vlčenka for females, were recorded among the Czechs, while Wilkan was recorded among the Poles. Janusz, the Archbishop of Gniezno (1374–1382), was nicknamed "Suchy Wilk" or "Suchowilk" "dry wolf". Serbian surnames Belovuk and Bjelovuk mean "white wolf".

</doc>
<doc id="18564735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564735" title="Dobrești, Dolj">
Dobrești, Dolj

Dobreşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,834 people. It is composed of five villages: Căciulăteşti, Dobreşti, Georocel, Murta and Toceni.

</doc>
<doc id="18564740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564740" title="Antonio Sánchez (athlete)">
Antonio Sánchez (athlete)

Antonio Sánchez Muñoz (born 22 September 1963 in Bejar) is a retired Spanish sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.
He won the gold medal at the 1987 Mediterranean Games and finished sixth at the 1986 European Championships in a career best time of 45.41 seconds.
He also competed at the World Championships in 1987 and 1991 and the World Indoor Championships in 1987 and 1989 without reaching the final.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18564741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564741" title="Tallinn Marathon">
Tallinn Marathon

The Tallinn Marathon is an annual road marathon, held in Tallinn, Estonia since 1989.
Winners.
Marathon.
Key: 
Half marathon.
Key: 
10K.
Key: 

</doc>
<doc id="18564742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564742" title="Koreans in Guatemala">
Koreans in Guatemala

Koreans in Guatemala form one of the newest and fastest-growing Korean diaspora communities in Latin America.
Migration history.
The first migrants from South Korea to Guatemala did not arrive in the country until 1985, more than two decades after South Korean mass migration to Latin America began. As recently as 1997, only 2,051 Koreans resided in the country, but by 2005, that number had almost quintupled to 9,944, surpassing the older community of Koreans in Paraguay and giving Guatemala the fourth-largest Korean population in the region, behind Brazil, Argentina, and Mexico. From 2005 to 2009, the number of Koreans in the country remained roughly stable at 9,921 persons. However, in the following two years the number of South Korean nationals in the country grew by 30%, reaching 12,918 persons. Among them 3,101 were permanent residents, 52 were international students, and 9,765 had other kinds of visas. The population exhibits gender imbalance, with 7,409 women (57%) compared to 5,509 men (43%), a sex ratio of 134 to 100. Almost all live in Guatemala City, with only 38 recorded as living in Antigua or other cities.
Business and employment.
The earliest migrants were involved in the textiles industry, setting up factories to produce garments for export to the United States market. From 1988 to 1991, fifty South Korean-owned "maquilas" opened in Guatemala. The value of their exports, at $150 million per year, comprised half of all Guatemalan apparel exports. As of 2001, there were thirty-three Korean restaurants in the capital; other Korean residents operate karaoke bars, mini-supermarkets, book cafes, and clothing stores. In some cases, wives and children remain in Guatemala doing business while their husbands return to Korea. Products from South Korean-owned businesses are reported to make up 10% of Guatemala's total exports.
Community relations.
Guatemalans perceive the Korean community as fairly insular and isolated. South Korean media portray the Korean community in Guatemala as living in constant fear of their lives due to endemic violence in the country, a portrayal which the Guatemalan embassy in Seoul strongly disputes. According to the Korean embassy, twenty-four Koreans have become the victims of violent crime in Guatemala between 2003 and 2008. In March 2009, a pair of South Korean businessmen Sang Park and Bang Mal-sum were murdered in a suburb of the capital. Because they are involved in international business and thus believed to be rich, South Koreans are perceived by the general population as attractive targets for kidnapping, especially in comparison to Americans. In total in 13 months up to February 2010 there were eight cases of murders of South Koreans, along with numerous kidnappings. In February 2010, two South Koreans who ran an illegal casino were arrested for the abduction and murder of Suong Kim, another South Korean who had won money in the casino.
Organisations.
There is an Association of Koreans in Guatemala (Asociación de Coreanos en Guatemala), headed by Lim Byung-yeol. The association has organised a variety of activities, including a sports day at Parque la Democracia in May 2011. That year, the association also began conducting a statistical survey of the community. There is also a Korean School of Guatemala (Colegio Coreano de Guatemala, 과테말라 한글학교), which had 29 teachers and 170 students . Octavio Kang, a graduate of the Hankuk University of Foreign Studies, publishes a newspaper aimed at the community; about three-tenths of its articles are about Guatemala and the Korean community there, with the rest concerning happenings in South Korea. However, it has only 350 subscribers.

</doc>
<doc id="18564745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564745" title="Bülent Ertuğrul">
Bülent Ertuğrul

Bülent Ertuğrul (born September 17, 1978 in Denizli, Turkey), is a Turkish football player currently playing for Denizlispor in defender position. He played in Nazilli Belediyespor in 1999/2000 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18564746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564746" title="Jean-Baptiste Terrien">
Jean-Baptiste Terrien

Jean-Baptiste Terrien (born at St-Laurent-des-Autels, Maine-et-Loire, 26 August 1832; d. at Bellevue, near Paris, 5 December 1903) was a French Jesuit dogmatic theologian.
Life.
He entered the Society of Jesus at Angers, 7 December 1854; he then taught philosophy for two years and dogmatic theology for twenty-two at the seminaries of Laval (France), 1864–80, and Saint Helier (Jersey), 1880-88. After being spiritual father at Laval, he was appointed professor of dogmatic theology and taught three years, 1891–94, at the Catholic Institute of Paris, remaining afterwards in this city as spiritual father and writer.
Works.
During his first period of teaching, he did not publish any theological work, except a treatise, "De Verbo incarnato", Jersey, 1882, for private circulation; there are also five or six other treatises in manuscript or lithographed, which form a substantial body of Positive rather than Scholastic theology, after the manner and doctrine of Cardinal Franzelin.
In a quite different style is framed a neo-Thomistic monograph, published at Paris in 1894: "S. Thomæ Aquinatis, O.P., doctrina sincera de unione hypostatica Verbi Dei cum humanitate amplissime declarata". At this time, Terrien began to write more popular works, and published the following doctrinal treatises in French:

</doc>
<doc id="18564747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564747" title="Dobrotești, Dolj">
Dobrotești, Dolj

Dobroteşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,288 people. It is composed of two villages, Dobroteşti and Nisipuri. These were part of Amărăștii de Sus Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18564753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564753" title="Drăgotești, Dolj">
Drăgotești, Dolj

Drăgoteşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,630 people. It is composed of six villages: Beneşti, Bobeanu, Buzduc, Drăgoteşti, Popânzăleşti and Viişoara.

</doc>
<doc id="18564759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564759" title="Drănic">
Drănic

Drănic is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,007 people. It is composed of four villages: Booveni, Drănic, Foişor and Padea.

</doc>
<doc id="18564764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564764" title="Fărcaș">
Fărcaș

Fărcaş is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,590 people. It is composed of five villages: Amărăşti, Fărcaş, Golumbelu, Golumbu and Plopu-Amărăşti. It included five other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Tălpaș Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18564765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564765" title="Jadu Nath Singh">
Jadu Nath Singh

Naik Jadu Nath Singh was a soldier of Indian Army who fought the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947 in Jammu & Kashmir. He died in the battle and was later awarded with the Param Vir Chakra for his bravery in the War. He was the fourth recipient of Param Vir Chakra.
Personal life.
Naik Jadu Nath Singh, a Rathore Rajput, was born on 21 November 1916 in Shahjahanpur, Uttar Pradesh. He was enrolled in the 1 Rajput (now 4 Guards (1 Rajput))on 21 November 1941.
During War.
During the Jammu & Kashmir operations in the winter of 1947, the capture of Jhangar on December 24, by the Pakistani raiders, placed them in an advantageous position in the Naushahra sector. Being in full command of the communication lines from Mirpur to Poonch, they could now build up their forces for attack on Naushahra. The Army was alive to this threat. In January 1948, they conducted operations to prevent the enemy build up in the area and in the process occupied Kot village to the Northwest of Naushahra. In any case an attack on Naushahra was imminent. Brigadier Usman of the 50 Para Brigade had made adequate preparation to thwart this attack by establishing strong pickets on possible enemy approaches. One of these approaches lay to the north of Naushahra through Tain dhar. 
The expected enemy attack came on the foggy morning of February 6, at 0640 hrs. The enemy started the attack by opening fire from their pickets on the Taindhar ridge on an Indian patrol. Simultaneously, the whole of Tain dhar and the surrounding hills became live with bursts of machine gun and crunches of mortar fire. Meanwhile under the cover of darkness the enemy crept up to the Indian pickets. In the first light of dawn the men on the post saw thousands of hostiles creeping up to them. On the crucial day of February 6, Naik Jadunath Singh was in command of a forward post of picket No.2 at Taindhar. 9 men garrisoned the post. 
The enemy launched their attack in successive waves to take this post. At this juncture Naik Jadunath Singh displayed great valour & superb leadership and used his small force in such a manner that the enemy retreated in utter confusion. When four of his men were wounded he re-organised the battered force for meeting another onslaught. The post did not give in despite its being outnumbered. When all men including him were wounded, he personally took over the Bren gun from the wounded Bren-gunner. The enemy was now right on the walls of the post. Naik Jadunath Singh, unmindful of personal safety encouraged his men to fight. His fire was so devastating that what looked like a certain defeat was turned into a victory. Thus the post was saved a second time. 
By now all men of the post had turned into casualties. The enemy put in his third and final attack determined to capture the post. Naik Jadunath Singh, wounded and alone, rose to give a battle for the third time. He came out of the Sangar and firing his sten gun charged on the advancing enemy. The surprised enemy fled in disorder. He met a gallant death, in this third and last charge, when two enemy bullets pierced him in the head and the chest. At a most critical stage in the battle for the defence of Naushahra, he saved his picket from being overrun by the enemy. Naik Jadunath Singh was honoured with the highest wartime gallantry medal, Param Vir Chakra, posthumously. 
For this ultimate act of personal sacrifice for the sake of the nation, Naik Jadu Nath Singh was decorated with the nation's highest award of gallantry.
A sports stadium is named after him in his birthplace Shahjahanpur.
Citation.
The citation for the Param Vir Chakra awarded to him reads:
NAIK JADUNATH SINGH
1S T BATTALION, RAJPUT REGIMENT (NO 27373)
At No 2 picquet on Taindhar on 6 February 1948, No 27373 Naik Jadunath Singh was in command of a forward section post, which bore the full brunt of the enemy attack. Nine men against overwhelming odds garrisoned the little post. The enemy launched its attack in successive waves and with great ferocity to overcome this post. The first wave swept up to the post in a furious attack. Displaying great valour and superb qualities of leadership Naidk Jadunath Singh so used the small force at his disposal that the enemy retired in utter confusion. Four of his men were wounded but Naik Jadunath Singh again showed his qualities of good leadership by reorganizing the battered force under him, for meeting another onslaught. His coolness and courage were of such an order that the men rallied and were ready for the second attack which came with greater determination and in larger number than the preceding one. Though hopelessly outnumbered, this post under the gallant leadership of Naik Jadunath Singh resisted. All were wounded, and Naik Jadunath Singh, though wounded in the right arm, personally took over the Bren gun from the wounded Bren gunner. The enemy was right on the walls of the post but Naid Jadunath Singh once again showed outstanding ability and valour of the highest order in action. By his complete disregard for his personal safety and example of coolness and courage, he encouraged his men to fight. His fire was so devastating, that what looked like impending defeat was turned into a victory and the enemy retreated in chaos leaving the dead and wounded littered on the ground. With this act of supreme heroism and outstanding example of leadership and determination, Naik Jadunath Singh saved the post from the second assault. By this time, all men in the post were casualties. The enemy put in his third and final attack in undiminished numbers and determination to capture this post. Naik Jadunath Singh, now wounded, prepared literally single-handed to give battle for the third time. With great courage and determination, he came out of the sangar and finally with the Sten gun, made a most magnificent single-handed charge on the advancing enemy, who, completely taken by surprise, fled in disorder. Naik Jadunath Singh, however, met his gallant death in his third and last charge when two bullets hit him in the head and chest. Thus, charging single-handedly at the advancing enemy, this Non-Commissioned Officer, performed the highest act of gallantry and self-sacrifice and by so doing saved his section-nay, his whole picquet from being overrun by the enemy at the most critical stage in the battle for the defence of Nushera.
External links.
Indian Army *[http://indianarmy.nic.in/PVC/photo_18.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18564767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564767" title="The Happy Family (band)">
The Happy Family (band)

The Happy Family were an early-1980s post punk band from Scotland, featuring Momus and members of Josef K.
History.
The band was initially formed in 1981 by Nick Currie (vocals, guitar), who had dropped out of college to form the band, Malcolm Ross (guitar), Dave Weddell (bass) of Josef K and Paul Mason. After a debut EP on 4AD Records in March 1982, they expanded to a 5-piece with the recruitment of former Josef K and Boots For Dancing drummer Ronnie Torrance, keyboard player Neill Martin. The band's debut album, "The Man On Your Street" was issued on 4AD in November 1982 (later reissued on CD in 1992 with the EP tracks added). The band split in 1983, Currie frustrated by the indifference of 4AD towards them (although he later cited poor sales as the reason), with Currie embarking on a solo career. Some demos the band had recorded were released on a cassette album entitled "This Business Of Living" in 1984 on the Les Temps Modernes label (later known as LTM).

</doc>
<doc id="18564769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564769" title="Galicea Mare">
Galicea Mare

Galicea Mare is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,950 people. It is composed of a single village, Galicea Mare.

</doc>
<doc id="18564772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564772" title="Galiciuica">
Galiciuica

Galiciuica is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,760 people. It is composed of a single village, Galiciuica, part of Giubega Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18564779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564779" title="Gângiova">
Gângiova

Gângiova is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,963 people. It is composed of two villages, Comoşteni and Gângiova.

</doc>
<doc id="18564785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564785" title="Bogdanowice">
Bogdanowice

Bogdanowice () is a village located in Poland, in Opole Voivodeship, in Głubczyce County (Gmina Głubczyce). 
Location.
The village is situated about south of the centre of Głubczyce.

</doc>
<doc id="18564788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564788" title="Ghercești">
Ghercești

Gherceşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,598 people. It is composed of five villages: Gârleşti, Gherceşti, Luncşoru, Ungureni and Ungurenii Mici.

</doc>
<doc id="18564791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564791" title="Say (album)">
Say (album)

The album contains all of Misono's singles since "Pochi" up until "Ninin Sankyaku", and all of those singles' A-side and B-side tracks (save for "Ninin Sankyaku"'s medley) and the DVD contains alternate versions of the music videos released for the singles. For example, the "Box ver." of "Zasetsu Chiten" takes place solely in the box setting of the original video.
Say made it to number 13 on the Oricon Daily Album Charts but went to number 20 on the Oricon Weekly Album Charts.

</doc>
<doc id="18564794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564794" title="Ghidici">
Ghidici

Ghidici is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,408 people. It is composed of a single village, Ghidici, part of Piscu Vechi Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18564797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564797" title="Ghindeni">
Ghindeni

Ghindeni is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,264 people. It is composed of a single village, Ghindeni, part of Malu Mare Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18564805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564805" title="Gighera">
Gighera

Gighera is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,405 people. It is composed of three villages: Gighera, Nedeia and Zăval.

</doc>
<doc id="18564809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564809" title="Kanchira">
Kanchira

Kanchira is the name of biggest and densely populated village of Saptary District of Nepal.
This village lies in the Banarjhula village Development Community. This village has one High School, two primary schools and one 'Madrasah' which is Islamic primary education school, one health post, one postal office and one women and disabled children training center which is run by Environmental Development Forum.
Environmental Development Forum.
Everest Development Form (EDF) which is also called 'Sagarmatha Bikash Manch'. This organisation started a buffalo program. In this program 55 farmers involved.
In the terms of this Program, we are giving buffaloes who deserve, basically farmers who are economically very weak are supported in this program, without taking any kind of deposits, but in order to get buffalo, they have to follow certain rules, like after one year or two year, let's say when the buffalo gives new calves after certain time, and then when mutually we are agreeing to sell then we are dividing the profit as equal partnership, and then we are buying again new buffalo from the cost price, and this process goes on and on, But to give more benefit to the farmers we are providing one veterinary doctors and medicines which is free of charge. This program became so successful since two years and still more farmers like to join. In this past two years we are able to buy new buffaloes from our own profit.
We are cooperating and our program is supported by Namaste e.V, Kiel, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18564818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564818" title="Giubega">
Giubega

Giubega is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,000 people. It is composed of a single village, Giubega. It also included Galiciuica village until 2004, when it was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18564819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564819" title="Army Mountain Warfare School">
Army Mountain Warfare School

The Army Mountain Warfare School (AMWS) is an United States Army school located at the Camp Ethan Allen Training Site, Jericho, Vermont to train soldiers in mountain warfare, the specialized skills required for operating in mountainous terrain. The school is located in Vermont's Green Mountains.
Purpose.
The school teaches a number of courses to train soldiers of the army (including the Army Reserve, Army National Guard, and ROTC Cadets) in military operations in mountainous areas. Graduates of these course receive the additional skill identifier of "E," Military Mountaineer.
The school trains individual soldiers, not units. These soldiers then return to their units to provide at least some training and experience in mountain warfare throughout the U.S. Army.
ROTC.
It is very common for Army ROTC cadets to attend AMWS as a specialty school during ROTC. Cadets take the course during the summer as they are in school, and training during the school season. Other ROTC summer schools include: Airborne School, Air Assault School, Combat Diver Qualification Course, Drill Cadet Leadership Training, and Northern Warfare.
References.
Official website

</doc>
<doc id="18564831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564831" title="Giurgița">
Giurgița

Giurgiţa is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,169 people. It is composed of three villages: Curmătura, Filaret and Giurgiţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18564834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564834" title="Institute for Experimental Mathematics">
Institute for Experimental Mathematics

The Institute for Experimental Mathematics (IEM) was founded, with the support of the Volkswagen
Foundation, as a central scientific facility of the former University of Essen, now University of Duisburg-Essen in 1989. With the addition of the Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach Foundation Chair on 1 January 1999, the Institute was expanded in the area of Computer Networking Technology. A.J. Han Vinck is currently the Institute's managing director.
The primary objective of the Institute is to foster interactions between the fields of mathematics, computer science and the engineering sciences. Mathematicians, computer experts and telecommunications engineers are engaged in trans-disciplinary collaboration under one roof. The main areas of research are

</doc>
<doc id="18564835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564835" title="Former Cork City F.C. players">
Former Cork City F.C. players

Cork City F.C. () is an Irish football (soccer) club who play in the League of Ireland. City were founded and elected to the league in 1984. Here is a list of all former players.

</doc>
<doc id="18564839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564839" title="Karin Melis Mey">
Karin Melis Mey

Karin Melis Mey, née Karin Mey, (born 31 May 1983) is a South African-born Turkish female long jumper. She became a naturalised Turkish citizen in June 2008, and took the name Melis in addition to her birth name Karin Mey. The tall athlete at is a member of Fenerbahçe Athletics team, where she is coached by Charley Strohmenger.
Representing South Africa, one of her first international appearances was a sixth place finish at the 2005 Summer Universiade. She represented her adopted country at the 2008 Summer Olympics, competing in the qualifying stages of the long jump. She was also sixth at the 2008 IAAF World Athletics Final that year. Melis Mey qualified for the 2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships but did not make the final. Outdoors she was the silver medallist at the 2009 Mediterranean Games and also in the First League of the 2009 European Team Championships. She won the bronze medal by jumping 6.80 m at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics in Berlin – her first major medal.
She jumped at the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships, but did not progress beyond the qualifying round.
Her personal best jump is 6.93 metres, achieved in July 2007 in Bad Langensalza, which is the South African record for the event. In July 2009 she set a Turkish record of 6.87 metres
Mey qualified for participation in long jump event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She qualified for the final, but was pulled after testing positive for testosterone. She received a two year suspension, which expires on 7 August 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18564841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564841" title="Gogoșu, Dolj">
Gogoșu, Dolj

Gogoşu is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,009 people. It is composed of three villages: Gogoşiţa, Gogoşu and Ştefănel.

</doc>
<doc id="18564846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564846" title="Mavelikara (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Mavelikara (Lok Sabha constituency)

Mavelikara is a Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala.
Assembly segments.
Mavelikara Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly regions:
After the Lok sabha delimitation of 2008
the new assembly constituencies are 

</doc>
<doc id="18564848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564848" title="Goiești">
Goiești

Goieşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,390 people. It is composed of thirteen villages: Adâncata, Fântâni, Goieşti, Gruiţa, Mălăeşti, Mogoşeşti, Muereni, Pioreşti, Pometeşti, Popeasa, Ţandăra, Vladimir and Zlătari.

</doc>
<doc id="18564853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564853" title="Grecești">
Grecești

Greceşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,038 people. It is composed of six villages: Bărboi, Busu, Busuleţu, Grădiştea, Greceşti and Gropanele.

</doc>
<doc id="18564857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564857" title="Întorsura">
Întorsura

Întorsura is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,280 people. It is composed of a single village, Întorsura, part of Radovan Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18564863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564863" title="Ișalnița">
Ișalnița

Işalniţa is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,922 people. It is composed of a single village, Işalniţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18564867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564867" title="Izvoare, Dolj">
Izvoare, Dolj

Izvoare is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,103 people. It is composed of three villages: Corlate, Domnu Tudor and Izvoare.

</doc>
<doc id="18564872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564872" title="George Cash">
George Cash

Samuel (George) Ernest Cash, AM (born 12 September 1946 in Subiaco, Western Australia) is a former Australian politician, who represented the Liberal Party.
Elected to parliament in the 1989 state election, he was a member of the Western Australian Legislative Council representing the North Metropolitan Region.
He was awarded a Bachelor of Laws and later a Master of Laws at the University of Western Australia, later completing a Bachelor of Business. He worked as a business proprietor and a company director before entering parliament.
In 1984, Cash was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly as the member for Mount Lawley following a by-election called after then premier Ray O'Connor resigned from parliament. He was re-elected in 1986 but the seat was then abolished in a redistribution in 1988.
Cash then switched to the Western Australian Legislative Council and was elected in the 1989 state election under the new proportional system in effect for the council. He served 20 years in that chamber, including four years as president (1997–2001) and several years thereafter as deputy president. He announced his retirement before the 2008 election and his term ended on 21 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18564873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564873" title="Leu, Dolj">
Leu, Dolj

Leu is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 5,468 people. It is composed of two villages, Leu and Zănoaga.

</doc>
<doc id="18564878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564878" title="Lipovu">
Lipovu

Lipovu is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,189 people. It is composed of two villages, Lipovu and Lipovu de Sus.

</doc>
<doc id="18564884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564884" title="Hackney Cut">
Hackney Cut

The Hackney Cut is an artificial channel of the Lee Navigation built in England in 1769 by the River Lea Trustees to straighten and improve the Navigation. It begins at the Middlesex Filter Beds Weir, below Lea Bridge, and is situated in the (modern) London Borough of Hackney. When built it contained two pound locks and a half-lock, but was rebuilt to handle larger barges in the 1850s, and now only Old Ford Lock, which is actually a duplicated pair, remains. 
History.
The River Lea (or Lee) has a long history of use for navigation, with records indicating that the Abbot of Waltham was authorised to make improvements in 1190, and evidence for tidal gates at Bow from the reign of King Edward I, when Henry de Bedyk, the prior at Halliwell Priory and owner of the nearby tide mills, erected a structure some time before 1307. River levels were managed by flash locks or sluices, and as the volumes of traffic using the river increased, there was friction between the bargees and the millers, since use of a flash lock affected the head of water available at the adjacent mill. In 1765, the commissioners responsible for the river asked the engineer John Smeaton to survey the river and make recommendations for its improvement.
Smeaton produced his report in September 1766, in which he recommended that the flash locks should be replaced by pound locks with two sets of gates, and that a number of new cuts should be built, including what became known as the Hackney Cut from Lea Bridge to Old Ford. The commissioners advertised in the "London Gazette" and other newspapers that they wanted to borrow £35,000 to finance the improvements, to which there was a huge response. Some £161,500 was offered, and subscribers had to be picked by a ballot. Work on the whole scheme progressed quickly, and the contract for the Hackney Cut was awarded to Jeremiah Ilsley on 18 January 1768. He was probably acting as a public works contractor, since he also had contracts for the Waltham Cut and part of the Limehouse Cut, and so must have been managing a large labour force. He was to be paid 3 old pence (3d, 1.25p) per yard for the Hackney Cut, considerably less than the rate for the Limehouse Cut, which was 7d, and was given four months in which to complete the excavations.
Contracts for the construction of the locks were separate to the excavation, and the work on the two locks of the Hackney Cut was given to Henry Holland, a bricklayer from Piccadilly, on 23 April 1768. Despite tight schedules, the work seems to have been completed on time, and the Hackney Cut opened for traffic on 7 August 1769. At the northern end of the cut, the river flowed to the east, through a weir now known as Middlesex Filter Beds Weir. Beside it was Hackney Waterworks Lock, the third pound lock to be build on the Navigation in 1762. It was tidal, as the course of the Old River Lee was affected by tides from the Thames up to this point. The new cut was protected by Lea Bridge Half Lock, a single set of gates just below the junction. Homerton Lock, which was also known as Hackney Brick Cistern Lock, was about one-third of the way along the cut, while Old Ford Lock was located just above where the cut rejoined the old course of the river. The lock was semi-tidal, as the level on this section of the river was maintained by Bow tidal gates, but spring tides often flowed over the top of the gates and the locks which supplemented them after 1850, continuing to do so until the installation of extra flood walls and higher flood gates in 2000.
Development.
An Act of Parliament obtained in 1850 paved the way for a major upgrade of the navigation. Among other things, it removed the restriction on the maximum load that could be carried by barges. This had been set at 40 tons in 1805, but with the clause removed, the navigation between the Thames and Tottenham was gradually rebuilt to take 100-ton barges.
Lea Bridge Lock remained in operation until 1853, when it was demolished. It was replaced by Pond Lane Lock, which was built in 1865 at Cow Bridge, about half way between Lea Bridge and Homerton Lock. Seven years later, the navigation was rebuilt so that it was level from Tottenham to Old Ford, and the lock was then redundant, but was retained to help protect the navigation below it in times of flood. It was removed in 1931, when it was superseded by a new structure with vertical guillotine gates, located a little further upstream. These became redundant with the construction of the Thames Barrier, and the gates were removed in 1987. Homerton lock was removed in the 1860s, following dredging of the river down to Old Ford.
Old Ford Lock was rebuilt as a pair of locks on a different alignment in 1856, and the junction with the old course of the River Lee was reworked to remove an awkward bend. They were known as the small lock and the large lock, one being wide and the other being wide. Both were rebuilt with a width of in 1935, but retained their names, the small lock being shallower than the large lock. Further rebuilding had to take place during the Second World War after they were hit by a bomb on 19 October 1940, which also destroyed the lock houses. New lock houses were built in 1946, and were sold in the 1990s, after which they were used as the location for the television programme "The Big Breakfast".
From 1829, water was abstracted at Lea Bridge, from the natural watercourse, by the East London Waterworks Company, to avoid the increasing pollution of the Navigation. The waterworks was located to the south of Old Ford Locks, and the company built a canal in 1830 which ran along the east bank of the Hackney Cut to transfer water from Lea Bridge for processing. William Hoof, who had gained a reputation as a specialist tunnelling contractor, after working on Strood Tunnel for the Thames and Medway Canal and Harecastle Tunnel on the Trent and Mersey Canal, worked on the waterworks project from 1829 until 1834.
In 1824, George Duckett, the son of Sir George Duckett, 1st Baronet who had owned the Stort Navigation, obtained an Act of Parliament to link the Hackney Cut to the Regents Canal, which he hoped would result in much of the trade which passed onto the Thames from the Lee Navigation being re-routed to Regents Canal Dock. The Hertford Union Canal, which was long, included three locks, and joined the cut a short distance above Old Ford Locks, opened in 1830 but failed to attract much traffic, due to the level of tolls.
Route.
The Hackney Cut is long from Lea Bridge road bridge to Old Ford Locks. Excess water from the Navigation passes over the weir into the former natural channel of the River Lea that passes in a large meander to the east of the modern water course, forming the boundary with the London Borough of Waltham Forest. The old course used to rejoin the Navigation below Old Ford Lock, but this route was modified by the construction of Carpenter's Road Lock on the Bow Back Rivers in 1930. Prescott Channel was built at the same time to provide a bypass around the tide mill at Three Mills, allowing the water to reach Bow Creek and the River Thames.

</doc>
<doc id="18564886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564886" title="Măceșu de Jos">
Măceșu de Jos

Măceşu de Jos is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,673 people. It is composed of two villages, Măceşu de Jos and Săpata.

</doc>
<doc id="18564887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564887" title="Mugen Kigen">
Mugen Kigen

"'" is Misono's ninth solo single, and is the third of four rock-themed songs. It was released on January 30, 2008. The b-side track, "Last Song" was later featured on Misono's second album, with an extended ending.

</doc>
<doc id="18564892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564892" title="Măceșu de Sus">
Măceșu de Sus

Măceşu de Sus is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,678 people. It is composed of a single village, Măceşu de Sus.

</doc>
<doc id="18564894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564894" title="Adoor (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Adoor (Lok Sabha constituency)

Adoor Lok Sabha constituency was a Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala, dissolved in 2008. The seat was reserved for scheduled castes. 
Assembly segments.
Adoor Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following assembly segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18564899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564899" title="Maglavit">
Maglavit

Maglavit is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 5,900 people. It is composed of two villages, Hunia and Maglavit.

</doc>
<doc id="18564903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564903" title="Malu Mare">
Malu Mare

Malu Mare is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,124 people. It is composed of two villages, Malu Mare and Preajba. It also included Ghindeni village until 2004, when it was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18564911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564911" title="Ninin Sankyaku">
Ninin Sankyaku

"" is Misono's tenth solo single released on June 25, 2008. The title song was used as the theme song for the video game (similarly to how Misono's 4th single Lovely Cat's Eye was used for Tales of the Tempest). "Ninin Sankyaku", as well as a handful of other songs would go on to be included on Misono's mini-album alongside other Misono and Day After Tomorrow songs used to promote the series.

</doc>
<doc id="18564912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564912" title="Mârșani">
Mârșani

Mârşani is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 5,195 people. It is composed of a single village, Mârşani.

</doc>
<doc id="18564917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564917" title="Melinești">
Melinești

Melineşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,392 people. It is composed of thirteen villages: Bodăieşti, Bodăieştii de Sus, Godeni, Melineşti, Muieruşu, Negoieşti, Odoleni, Ohaba, Ploştina, Popeşti, Spineni, Valea Mare and Valea Muierii de Jos.

</doc>
<doc id="18564918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564918" title="Carlos Spano">
Carlos Spano

Carlos Spano (Malaga, Spain; 1773 - † Talca, Chile; March 3, 1814) was a Spanish Army officer and hero of the Chilean War of Independence. 
Spano began his military career in 1786 as a soldier in the Spanish Army, and fought in the campaigns of Ceuta, Spanish Morocco and Aragon (against the French). He was sent to Chile with the Battalion of "Infantes de Concepción". In 1787 he was promoted to Lieutenant of the "Dragones de la Frontera". He married María de las Nieves Ceballos. 
He supported the patriot side on the Chilean War of Independence, and in 1813 was promoted to Sergeant Major of Grenadiers. As such he participated with distinction in the Siege of Chillan (August 1813) where he was injured. On November 27, 1813, he was promoted to Colonel and named General Commander of Grenadiers in replacement of Juan José Carrera. The Government Junta put him in command of the defense of the city of Talca, where he died while at the head of his troops in the First Battle of Talca.
His name was given to one of the first units of the Peruvian navy, the brig "Colonel Spano".

</doc>
<doc id="18564927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564927" title="Mischii">
Mischii

Mischii is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,826 people. It is composed of six villages: Călineşti, Gogoşeşti, Mischii, Mlecăneşti, Motoci and Urecheşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18564937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564937" title="Moțăței">
Moțăței

Moţăţei is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 8,243 people. It is composed of three villages: Dobridor, Moţăţei and Moţăţei-Gară.

</doc>
<doc id="18564942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564942" title="Murgași">
Murgași

Murgaşi is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,775 people. It is composed of eight villages: Balota de Jos (the commune center), Balota de Sus, Buşteni, Gaia, Murgaşi, Picăturile, Rupturile and Veleşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18564950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564950" title="Negoi">
Negoi

Negoi is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,286 people. It is composed of a single village, Negoi. It also included Catane and Catanele Noi villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Catane Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18564956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564956" title="Eddie Spears">
Eddie Spears

Edward "Eddie" Spears (born November 29, 1982) is an American actor. He is a member of the Kul Wicasa Oyate Lakota (often called "Sioux") Lower Brulé Tribe of South Dakota.
Early life.
Eddie was born in Chamberlain, South Dakota on the Lower Brulé Indian Reservation. He has 5 brothers and 1 sister. His older brother Michael is also an actor. Eddie grew up on the Lower Brulé Indian Reservation until the first grade of elementary school when his family moved to Pierre, South Dakota.
Career.
Movie career.
Spears has been in the spotlight since age 10 starting with his first role in TNT's production of "Geronimo". It was shot in Arizona.
Eddie currently plays Joseph Black Moon on AMC's popular television series, "Hell On Wheels". According to him, his most rewarding role to date was Shane Chasing Horse in "Dreamkeeper".
When he was cast for the lead in "Black Cloud" (2004), directed by Rick Schroder, he trained for three months with boxing trainer Jimmy Gambia to perfect his boxing skills before filming started. The story is about a Navajo boxer training for the Golden Gloves with the promise of a spot at the Olympics while struggling with the secrets of his family's heritage. One of the scenes was filmed in Las Vegas during the 2003 Golden Gloves National Championship.
Other work.
In 2005, Eddie and his brother Michael modeled for Native American fashion designer, Cochiti Pueblo Virgil Ortiz, for his "Indigene" clothing line. Eddie and Michael wore Virgil Ortiz's "Indigene" fashion on the cover of the August 2005 issue of New Mexico Magazine.
Personal life.
Spears attended and was a mentor at the 2nd annual HatcH audiovisual festival in Bozeman, Montana in October 2005. "HatcH" is a film and arts festival whose mission is to provide mentorship, education, inspiration, and recognition to the next generation of creative innovators. Eddie and his brother Michael are active with Native Wind. The Spears brothers were involved with Intertribal Council on Utility Policy (COUP) Native Energy, in which their father Pat Spears, was the former President. COUP was formed in 1994 to provide a forum for utility issues discussion from regulatory and economic perspectives. 
Eddie can speak Lakota, but has admitted that he is not fluent. He is an avid outdoorsman with hunting, fishing, archery and rodeo experience. Eddie can dance both the traditional and grass ceremonies of the Lakota. He also travels nationally as a keynote speaker. He currently resides in Montana.

</doc>
<doc id="18564958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564958" title="Orodel">
Orodel

Orodel is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,242 people. It is composed of five villages: Bechet, Călugărei, Cornu, Orodel, and Teiu.

</doc>
<doc id="18564967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564967" title="Ostroveni">
Ostroveni

Ostroveni is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 5,684 people. It is composed of two villages, Lişteava and Ostroveni.

</doc>
<doc id="18564974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564974" title="Perișor">
Perișor

Perişor is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,890 people. It is composed of two villages, Mărăcinele and Perişor.

</doc>
<doc id="18564979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564979" title="Pielești">
Pielești

Pieleşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 6,766 people. It is composed of three villages: Câmpeni, Lânga and Pieleşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18564981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564981" title="Mid price">
Mid price

In financial markets, the mid price is the price between the best price of the sellers of the stock or commodity offer price or ask price and the best price of the buyers of the stock or commodity bid price. It can simply be defined as the average of the current bid and ask prices being quoted.
In some cases, the mid price will be rounded up or down to the nearest "tick" (the nearest valid tradable price on the exchange system) for convenience purposes, and therefore not be the exact average. 

</doc>
<doc id="18564983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564983" title="Kollam (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Kollam (Lok Sabha constituency)

Kollam Lok Sabha constituency () (formerly Quilon Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 20 Lok Sabha constituencies in Kerala state in southern India. 
Assembly segments.
Before delimitation of parliamentary constituencies, Kollam Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following assembly segments:
After delimitation of parliamentary constituencies in 2008, presently Kollam Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
From Quilon cum Mavelikara constituency in Travancore-Cochin:
From Quilon/Kollam constituency in Kerala:

</doc>
<doc id="18564988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564988" title="Piscu Vechi">
Piscu Vechi

Piscu Vechi is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,950 people. It is composed of two villages, Piscu Vechi and Pisculeţ. It also included Ghidici village until 2004, when it was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18564990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564990" title="List of Franciscan theologians">
List of Franciscan theologians

This is a list of Franciscan theologians, in other words a list of Roman Catholic theological writers belonging to the Order of Friars Minor.
The intended arrangement is chronological by date of death.
"Source": "Catholic Encyclopedia" of 1913, article index, article "Scotism and Scotists".

</doc>
<doc id="18564995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18564995" title="Plenița">
Plenița

Pleniţa is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 5,800 people. It is composed of two villages, Castrele Traiane and Pleniţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18565001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565001" title="Grobniki">
Grobniki

Grobniki () is a historical village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. It lies approximately east of Głubczyce and south of the regional capital Opole.

</doc>
<doc id="18565004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565004" title="Pleșoi">
Pleșoi

Pleşoi is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,800 people. It is composed of four villages: Cârstovani, Frasin, Milovan and Pleşoi. These belonged to Predești Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18565012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565012" title="Poiana Mare">
Poiana Mare

Poiana Mare is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 12,528 people. It is composed of three villages: Poiana Mare, Tunarii Noi and Tunarii Vechi.

</doc>
<doc id="18565018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565018" title="Predești">
Predești

Predeşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,405 people. It is composed of three villages: Bucicani, Predeşti and Predeştii Mici. It included four other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Pleșoi Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18565022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565022" title="Radovan, Dolj">
Radovan, Dolj

Radovan is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,520 people. It is composed of three villages: Fântânele, Radovan and Târnava. It also included Întorsura village until 2004, when it was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18565030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565030" title="Robănești">
Robănești

Robăneşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania, with a population of 2,821 people. It is composed of six villages: Bojoiu, Golfin, Lăcriţa Mare, Lăcriţa Mică, Robăneştii de Jos (the commune center) and Robăneştii de Sus.

</doc>
<doc id="18565036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565036" title="Rojiște">
Rojiște

Rojişte is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,600 people. It is composed of two villages, Rojişte and Tâmbureşti. These were part of Bratovoești Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18565042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565042" title="Sadova, Dolj">
Sadova, Dolj

Sadova is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 8,500 people. It is composed of two villages, Piscu Sadovei and Sadova.

</doc>
<doc id="18565046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565046" title="Sălcuța, Dolj">
Sălcuța, Dolj

Sălcuţa is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,488 people. It is composed of four villages: Mârza, Plopşor, Sălcuţa and Tencănău.

</doc>
<doc id="18565052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565052" title="Scăești">
Scăești

Scăeşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,275 people. It is composed of two villages, Scaeşti and Valea lui Pătru.
References.
http://www.ecomunitate.ro/FlushImage.aspx?path=NThcNDUwXDM5NjEuanBn[img/]

</doc>
<doc id="18565058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565058" title="Seaca de Câmp">
Seaca de Câmp

Seaca de Câmp is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,550 people. It is composed of two villages, Piscu Nou and Seaca de Câmp.

</doc>
<doc id="18565061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565061" title="Chirayinkil (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Chirayinkil (Lok Sabha constituency)

Chirayinkil Lok Sabha constituency was a Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala, dissolved in 2008. 
Assembly segments.
Chirayinkil Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
As a constituency in Travancore-Cochin as Quilon cum Mavelikara:
As a constituency in Kerala:

</doc>
<doc id="18565064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565064" title="Seaca de Pădure">
Seaca de Pădure

Seaca de Pădure is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,358 people. It is composed of three villages: Răchita de Sus, Seaca de Pădure and Veleni.

</doc>
<doc id="18565072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565072" title="Secu">
Secu

Secu is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,400 people. It is composed of four villages: Comănicea, Secu, Smadovicioara de Secu and Şumandra.

</doc>
<doc id="18565075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565075" title="Siliștea Crucii">
Siliștea Crucii

Siliştea Crucii is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,811 people. It is composed of a single village, Siliştea Crucii.

</doc>
<doc id="18565080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565080" title="Northern Warfare Training Center">
Northern Warfare Training Center

The Northern Warfare Training Center (NWTC) is a United States Army Alaska installation located in Black Rapids, Alaska. It is the Active Army's only Cold Region Training Proponent.
Arctic, subarctic, and mountain environments are brutally unforgiving to the unprepared. Units that have successfully fought in these environments have historically been those with special individual skills, are physically and mentally tough, and have extensive experience and expertise operating in harsh conditions.
Mission.
According to the NWTC, its mission is "to provide relevant training to the leaders of USARAK units so that they can fight and win in demanding cold weather and mountain environments. A Soldier trained in winter is also a good summer fighter; trained only in summer he is helpless in the winter!"
NWTC trains units and leaders in cold weather and mountain operations in order to increase warfighting capabilities. 
Courses offered.
Scope. This course familiarizes commanders and staff officers with the knowledge/skills required in successfully planning and conducting operations in a cold, snow-covered environment. Emphasis is placed on the effects of cold on personnel and material, effects of the winter environment on operations, and planning considerations unique to the winter battlefield and cold regions. Cold weather risk management procedures are stressed throughout the course of instruction.
Scope. This course trains squad and platoon level leaders in the knowledge/skills required to successfully conduct small unit operations in a cold, snow-covered environment. Emphasis is placed on the effects of cold on personnel and materiel, use of basic cold weather clothing and equipment, winter field craft, snowshoe/ski techniques, and winter/cold regions navigation and route planning. Attendees will receive comprehensive instruction/training materials enabling them to implement basic, cold-weather and ski-training programs within their units. Cold weather risk-management procedures are stressed throughout the course.
Scope. This 15 day course trains selected Soldiers in the fundamental knowledge/skills required to successfully conduct small unit operations in typical, mountainous terrain found throughout the world. Emphasis is placed on developing the Level 1 mountaineering tasks described in FM 3-97.61, Appendix A. Graduates are awarded SQI "E", Military Mountaineer IAW DA PAM 611-21, Table 12-1.
Scope. This 11 day course trains selected Soldiers in the knowledge/skills required to lead small units/teams over technically difficult, hazardous or exposed (Class 4 and 5) mountainous terrain during summer months. Emphasis is placed on developing the Level 2 mountaineering tasks described in Chapter 2, FM 3-97.6, Mountain Operations (2002 Revision) and FM 3-97.61, Military Mountaineering. The course is intended for units or individuals that will conduct operations in mountainous terrain and must operate independently of major units or organizations or will lead larger organizations over technically hazardous terrain.
Two week Basic Mountaineering, plus Greeley Phase and River Phase: Geography, Climate, and phenonmenon of Northern Area of Operations, Living in the Field, Hazards to Movement, Medical Problems, Inland Waterways, River Training, Boat Operations, River charting, reading and navigation, and Stream Crossing.

</doc>
<doc id="18565081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565081" title="Șimnicu de Sus">
Șimnicu de Sus

Şimnicu de Sus is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,425 people. It is composed of twelve villages: Albeşti, Cornetu, Deleni, Dudoviceşti, Duţuleşti, Floreşti, Izvor, Jieni, Leşile, Mileşti, Româneşti and Şimnicu de Sus.

</doc>
<doc id="18565084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565084" title="2007–08 Isle of Man League">
2007–08 Isle of Man League

The Isle of Man League 2007–08 (known as the Sure Mobile Premier League for sponsorship reasons) was the ninety-ninth such league competition on the Isle of Man.
Football in the Isle of Man is played at an amateur level. There are two tiers of men's football, consisting of 27 clubs. There are six senior cup competitions – the Manx FA Cup, Railway Cup, Hospital Cup, Woods Cup, Paul Henry Gold Cup and the Charity Shield. Each club has a reserve team in the Isle of Man Football Combination, and the Junior Cup for the reserve teams. There is also the Cowell Cup an annual Under-19 tournament.
There is one tier of women's football. The Isle of Man national football team is not affiliated with UEFA or FIFA.
Men's.
League tables.
St Georges were crowned champions in the Premier League, the top tier of Manx amateur football. The league was renamed from Division One in 2007. Union Mills triumphing in and being promoted from Division Two. Braddan F.C. were also promoted from Division Two, whilst St Johns United and Douglas Royal were relegated from the Premier League. Division Two was known as the CFS Division Two for sponsorship reasons.
Premier League.
Saint Georges F.C. won their tenth league title, second consecutive title, and fourth in five years.
Division Two.
Colby F.C., from the south of the Isle, completed an unbeaten season.
Cups.
FA Cup.
Peel 0–5 St Georges
Railway Cup.
Peel 4–3 St Georges
Hospital Cup.
Corinthians 0–2 St Georges
Woods Cup.
Braddan 0–2 Colby
Paul Henry Gold Cup.
Castletown Metropolitan 0–3 Michael United
Junior Cup.
Peel 2–0 Rushen United
Cowell Cup (U19).
St Georges 2–3 St Marys

</doc>
<doc id="18565091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565091" title="Sopot, Dolj">
Sopot, Dolj

Sopot is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,001 people. It is composed of seven villages: Başcov, Beloţ, Cernat, Pereni, Pietroaia, Sârsca and Sopot.

</doc>
<doc id="18565097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565097" title="Tălpaș">
Tălpaș

Tălpaş is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,512 people. It is composed of five villages: Mofleşti, Nistoi, Puţinei, Soceni and Tălpaş. These were part of Fărcaș Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18565101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565101" title="Teasc">
Teasc

Teasc is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,360 people. It is composed of two villages, Secui and Teasc.

</doc>
<doc id="18565106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565106" title="Terpezița">
Terpezița

Terpeziţa is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,920 people. It is composed of five villages: Căciulatu, Căruia, Floran, Lazu and Terpeziţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18565111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565111" title="Kalijuge">
Kalijuge

Kalijuge! is a Slovak progressive metal band formed in 1995 in Žilina, Slovakia. Though the lineup has changed frequently, two of the founding members of the band, Jano Svoboda and Dušan Labuda have remained in the formation.
The music of Kalijuge is quite difficult to classify. Working inside the bounds of the progressive metal music, Kalijuge takes motives and ideas that look similar to older bands like Kansas, Yes and Pink Floyd and adds from other styles like funk or even thrash sounds.
History.
First Formation (1995).
The origin of the name of the band comes from Kali Yuga which is the fourth and last age of the Hindu mythology. It is supposed to mean "modern times" and we are in this age.
Old formation and new message (2002).
After a number of changes in the band, in 2002 it released its first EP called "New Message", recorded with the formation known as the "old formation" or "classical formation": Jano "Freedom" Svoboda, Dusan Labuda, Palo Chodelka, Lubos Tomascik, Jano Huljak. Truba, the former guitarist made the back vocals for the album. After performing all around Slovakia, the band gained a considerable national success, specially inside the musical rock underground where a formation like this was completely unknown in the country.
The EP had three songs and became quite popular among the musicians related to the progressive or symphonic metal.
During the next years, the band would continue giving concerts regularly with that classical formation.
Band break up and renewal (2004-2007).
Some of the musicians, for different reasons, left the band until the point that only 2 members from the original formation were remaining, Jano Svoboda and Dusan Labuda. Truba was already out of the band at the release of New Message. Palo Chodelka left the band too and continued working on his own solo project, Liquid Boogie Roll and some others projects. After that, the keyboard player Lubos Tomascik also left to start his personal project, which would be known later as the band Amphibios, and electronic-drum'n'bass band. A time after that Jano Huljak, the drummer would leave the band to finally join with the already formed band Amphibios.
Some time after that differences between Svoboda and Labuda would end with the end of that era for Kalijuge!. Meanwhile, the singer of the band had been working with bands like Arzen and HT.
Labuda started to play in another formation with Lukaš Rusnak and, after fixing his differences with Freedom, would restart in the band bringing Rusnak with him.
After the rejoining of the band and the final farewell of Huljak, a new drummer, Martin Kralik, joined them.
From Martin contacts they found a very skilled keyboardist, classical music piano player, Barbora Lipkova. She had finished in the top positions in some European contests of piano performance and would record some new themes with them that would never be totally finished. Very skilled technically and musically, the new keyboardist did not put the band among her top priorities which included some other formations. The band couldn't perform any concerts during 2007 because Lipkova was not in the country at that time, due to working reasons.
Last renewal and return (2008).
Around the first days of March 2008, Svoboda started talking with a new keyboard player after realizing that Lipkova would not have time enough to play with them. This new keyboard player was Rafael Márquez, a Spaniard who had been living in Slovakia for more than 2 years and had played in other formations. Marquez accepted to try playing with them and after this encounter started to work with the band about the end of April 2008.
In the month of June 2008, after 2 months of training together with the full new formation, Kalijuge! returned to the scene with a concert in Žilina, the band's hometown.
The band continued working during the summer on 2008 on the release of the album and some concerts. After working on the promo material, the full release was expected to come out at the beginning of 2009. Their first video clip had its final release at the beginning of October 2008.
During 2009, the band had its best year with many successful concerts all around Slovakia and abroad. New songs entered the repertoire of the band and it started 2010 with a good list of concerts reserved for the year.

</doc>
<doc id="18565116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565116" title="Teslui, Dolj">
Teslui, Dolj

Teslui is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,781 people. It is composed of eight villages: Coşereni, Fântânele, Preajba de Jos, Preajba de Pădure, Teslui, Ţărţăl, Urieni and Viişoara-Moşneni.

</doc>
<doc id="18565120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565120" title="Țuglui">
Țuglui

Ţuglui is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,889 people. It is composed of two villages, Jiul and Ţuglui.

</doc>
<doc id="18565124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565124" title="Unirea, Dolj">
Unirea, Dolj

Unirea is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,620 people. It is composed of a single village, Unirea.

</doc>
<doc id="18565132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565132" title="Urzicuța">
Urzicuța

Urzicuţa is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,154 people. It is composed of two villages, Urzica Mare and Urzicuţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18565134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565134" title="Baladur">
Baladur

Baladur (), is a 2008 Telugu movie directed by Uday Shankar. Ravi Teja plays the lead role while Krishna, Anushka shetty, Chandra Mohan, Pradeep Rawat, Sunil and Suman Setty play supporting roles. K. M. Radha Krishnan was the music director, B. Balamurugan handled cinematography and the movie was edited by Marthand K. Venkatesh. The film released on 15 August 2008. The film is dubbed in Hindi as "Dhamkee". The film is remade into Oriya as "Mu Kana Ete Kharap" with Anubhav Mohanty.
Plot.
Chanti (Ravi Teja) respects his uncle Rama Krishna (Ghattamaneni Sivarama Krishna) more than his father Purshrotam (Chandra Mohan). Rama Krishna has enmity with Umapathi (Pradeep Rawat) because of something that happened 20 years ago. Later, Chanti is kicked out of their house because of some misunderstandings and now Umapathi is ready to put Rama Krishna down. How Chanti secretly helps Rama Krishna in bringing the enemy down and reunites with his family forms the rest of the story.
Soundtrack.
Music of Baladur was released on July 30, 2008 at Serengeti, the Ohri’s, Hyderabad. Music composed by K. M. Radha Krishnan, the film has lyrics by Chandrabose, Peddada Murthy and Anantha Sreeram. Aditya Music is marketing the album. Venkatesh released both the audio CD and cassette, presenting it to Anushka Shetty and Ravi Teja respectively.
Box office.
The film was declared a disaster due to bad direction and screenplay. Music and production values were also criticised.

</doc>
<doc id="18565140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565140" title="Valea Stanciului">
Valea Stanciului

Valea Stanciului is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 6,212 people. It is composed of two villages, Horezu-Poenari and Valea Stanciului.

</doc>
<doc id="18565149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565149" title="Vârtop">
Vârtop

Vârtop is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,850 people. It is composed of a single village, Vârtop.

</doc>
<doc id="18565150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565150" title="Clement Bushay">
Clement Bushay

Clement "Clem" Bushay (born 1955) is a United Kingdom-based reggae producer who also ran the "Bushays" record label.
Biography.
Bushay's productions in the early 1970s were issued by Trojan Records, and he produced early releases by Owen Gray and Louisa Mark (including her hit "Keep It Like It Is"), and was one of the early producers of UK Lovers rock. He produced the debut album by Tapper Zukie, "Man a Warrior", in 1973. He became a regular producer for UK-based reggae artists such as Junior English, and Janet Kay, and visiting Jamaican artists, producing Dillinger and Trinity's "Clash" album, and recordings by Rico Rodriguez. Bushay had a reggae chart-topper with Louisa Mark's "Six Sixth Street". After working for several years with the Burning Sounds label, when that folded he formed his own "Bushays" label in the late 1970s, largely concentrating on lovers rock, with productions of artists such as Janet Kay, Al Campbell, and Dave Barker. He also set up another label, "Bushranger". The Bushays label continued through the 1980s, with releases by The Morwells, Prince Jazzbo, Gregory Isaacs, Tony Tuff, Barrington Levy, and Jah Thomas.
Bushay is now retired and lives in Kent. He has ten children named Rodney, Kerry, Kwesi, Sabrina, Michelle (also known as Silhoutte), Cori, Gemma, Jermaine, Shikisha and Talitha. His daughter Michelle (Silhoutte) Bushay was featured as a vocalist on Clement's tracks entitled "So I Can Love You" and "Why Did You Let Me Down".

</doc>
<doc id="18565156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565156" title="Vârvoru de Jos">
Vârvoru de Jos

Vârvoru de Jos is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 3,408 people. It is composed of eight villages: Bujor, Ciutura, Criva, Dobromira, Drăgoaia, Gabru, Vârvor and Vârvoru de Jos.

</doc>
<doc id="18565163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565163" title="Vela, Dolj">
Vela, Dolj

Vela is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 2,420 people. It is composed of eight villages: Bucovicior, Cetăţuia, Desnăţui, Gubaucea, Segleţ, Suharu, Ştiubei, Vela.

</doc>
<doc id="18565166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565166" title="Resistance Star East Asia">
Resistance Star East Asia

The Resistance Star East Asia () was created by royal decree on 26 October 1948 by Queen Juliana to honor those the Dutch subjects in the Netherlands East Indies who showed strength of mind, determination, or solidarity, and performed praiseworthily help for Dutchmen that were made prisoner of war or interned by the enemy during World War II. Also those of the Dutch resistance in Southeast Asia are honored. 
The star commemorates the resistance against the Japanese occupation of Indonesia, that went go underground after the capitulation of the Royal Dutch East Indies Army. This resistance suffered tremendous losses in live.
The bronze six-pointed star with a flaming sun and the words "de geest overwint" (English: the spirit triumphs) was designed by Frans Smits. The star is attached to a purple ribbon which has two golden lanes in the middle. The colours are symbolic: the gold-yellow remembers the custom in Southeast Asia to wrap a valuable gift in a gold-coloured cloth. at the reverse side the text "maart 1942 - O.Azië - augustus 1945" (English: "March 1942 - East Asia - Augustus 1945") is inscribed.
Due to the loss of the archive of the Resistance Star a lot of historiography about this award is lost.
Since 1948 the Resistance Star is awarded in total of 471 times. The star is a high award and has precedence just after the Bronze Lion.

</doc>
<doc id="18565169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565169" title="Frédéric Vaccari">
Frédéric Vaccari

Frédéric Vaccari (born 7 November 1987) is a French professional rugby league footballer for the Catalans Dragons in Europe's Super League. A France international representative winger he previously played for Toulouse Olympique and Villeneuve Leopards in the French Elite One Championship.
He has been named in the France training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
He represented France in the 2010 European Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18565172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565172" title="Verbița">
Verbița

Verbiţa is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,570 people. It is composed of two villages, Verbicioara and Verbiţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18565179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565179" title="Thiruvananthapuram (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Thiruvananthapuram (Lok Sabha constituency)

Trivandrum is a Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala.
Assembly segments.
Trivandrum Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
Travancore-Cochin
Kerala
Lok Sabha Elections 2014.
O. Rajagopal got declared as BJP Trivandrum candidate for Lok Sabha Elections 2014 
Election results.
Percentage change (±%) denotes the change in the number of votes from the immediate previous election. 

</doc>
<doc id="18565189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565189" title="Around the Bend (album)">
Around the Bend (album)

Around the Bend is an album released in 2008 by American country music artist Randy Travis. The album is Travis' first mainstream country music album since 1999's "A Man Ain't Made of Stone", all his other albums in the 2000s were composed of Christian country music. It sold 31,000 copies in its first week of release, the best opening week of Travis' career. Three singles were released from the album: "Faith in You", "Dig Two Graves" and "Turn It Around", none of which charted.
"Around the Bend" was nominated for best country album at the 51st Grammy Awards, and the track "Dig Two Graves" was nominated as best country song.
Awards.
The album won a Dove Award for Country Album of the Year at the 40th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18565205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565205" title="British Airways Cabin Crew Entertainment Society">
British Airways Cabin Crew Entertainment Society

BACCES is a non-profit charitable organisation which was originally set up in 1970 by two British European Airways (BEA) stewards who wrote a comedy review and staged it at York House, Twickenham, UK for two nights. It was so popular that it ran for a further three sell out nights at Chiswick Town Hall. The national press heard of this venture and prompted "Jak" of the Evening Standard to publish a cartoon lampooning the efforts of the cabin crew. Since then the company have been producing reviews and after 1978 a pantomime in aid of national and local charities, which have met with considerable success. The company writes, directs and produces the whole show with very little help from outside sources. In 2011 it was announced that the company had made £1 million for their nominated charities in the 40 years it had been performing.
In 2008 BACCES won the Flame Award for Inspirational Excellence in Theatre from the National Operatic and Dramatic Association for their 2007 production of Cinderella
List of Shows.
From 1979 to 1985 the show was performed at the Planet Theatre, Slough.
Since 1987 it has been performed at the Beck Theatre, Hayes, Middlesex.
Upcoming Production.
This year's production will be a 40th Anniversary celebration called Now That's What I Call A Panto and will take place at the Beck Theatre for a week from 6 December 2011

</doc>
<doc id="18565207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565207" title="La Salle–UST rivalry">
La Salle–UST rivalry

The rivalry between De La Salle University-Manila Green Archers and the University of Santo Tomas (UST) Growling Tigers is contested at the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP). Although the men's basketball rivalry had died down after the 90s, it has been back in limelight in 2013 as both schools again met in the UAAP basketball championship series. The rivalry had also been apparent in women's volleyball where the two teams are frequent finalists in the UAAP Volleyball Championship and the Shakey's V-League.
Prior to La Salle joining the UAAP the two schools met in the championship of the 1948–49 season of the National Seniors Open, a yearly tournament of top collegiate and commercial teams in the country. La Salle defeated UST in overtime to win the title.
The rivalry returned on consecutive UAAP Finals series in men's basketball. La Salle was defeated three consecutive years in the Finals from 1994 through 1996 capping UST's 4 year title run. UST was finally dethroned by La Salle during the 1997 semifinals. In 1998 La Salle again eliminated UST in the semifinals to begin their own four-year championship run. La Salle bounced back defeating UST in overtime for the 1999 UAAP basketball title. The Game 1 finals victory was their last against La Salle until 2007 when UST won in overtime during regular season; La Salle went on to win the 2007 UAAP title. At this point, UST's basketball program regressed, but they won in 2006 when La Salle was suspended after admitting they had unknowingly fielded two ineligible players. La Salle would then win all games until 2011. La Salle again defeated UST in overtime during the UAAP 76 basketball championship in 2013.
The rivalry carried over to women's volleyball in the UAAP and Shakey's V-League, where UST and La Salle met thrice in the Finals, with UST winning the first and La Salle winning the latter two.
Since 1988, La Salle leads the men's basketball rivalry 31–28, although they're tied at playoff games 8–8. If the forfeited games are reversed, the head-to-head record is 38–22 for La Salle.
Men's basketball results.
Both teams are guaranteed to face each other at the elimination round (regular season) twice, while they can meet for a maximum of three times in the playoffs.
The games were played consistently from 1986 until 2006 when La Salle was suspended for fielding two ineligible players.
UST and La Salle previously met each other when they were members of the NCAA from 1924 to 1936.
Women's volleyball results.
Both teams are expected to meet at least 2 times per year in UAAP volleyball tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="18565220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565220" title="English Qabalah">
English Qabalah

English Qabalah, or English Kabbalah, refers to several different systems of mysticism related to Hermetic Qabalah that interpret the letters of the English alphabet via their supposed numerological significance. The antiquarian spelling "Qabalah" is more common in this context, but the modern Hebrew spelling "Kabbalah" is also found.
Qabalah vs. gematria.
According to Jake Stratton-Kent, the English Qabala is a qabalah and not a system of numerology or solely gematria. He believes a qabalah is specifically related to three factors: a language, a 'holy' text or texts, and mathematical laws at work in these two. Gematria, on the other hand, is a system in which letters are equated to number values. The letters comprising the word or name of person or object are then summed together. The number of this sum is termed the key of that particular word. Words sharing the same key are said to share properties. The letters are often tabulated along with their numerical equivalents. 
Systems of English gematria.
The first appearance of a system of gematria using the natural order of the English alphabet was developed in 1532 by Michael Stifel, who also proposed a system called the "trigonal alphabet", using successive triangular numbers. Another early system of English gematria was used by poet John Skelton. An analogue of the Greek system of isopsephy using the Latin alphabet appeared in 1583. Other variations appeared in 1683 (simply referred to as the "1683 alphabet", this system was used by Leo Tolstoy in "War and Peace" to identify Napoleon with the number of the Beast) and 1707 ("Alphabetum Cabbalisticum Vulgare"). These and other variations are detailed in Underwood Dudley's "Numerology, Or, What Pythagoras Wrought".
More recently, Michael Bertiaux described a system called "Angelic Gematria" in his "The Voudon Gnostic Workbook" (1989), and David Rankine described a system of English gematria using prime numbers which he calls "Prime Qabalah" in his book "Becoming Magick" (2004). Samuel K. Vincent proposes a new system of Gematria and Qabalah based on an extension of previous systems and a concordance on Thelemic texts.
Systems of English Qabalah.
In 1898 by Willis F. Whitehead described a system which he called "English Cabala".
Aleister Crowley.
In one of the "Holy Books of Thelema" written by Aleister Crowley in 1907, called "Liber Trigrammaton, sub figura XXVII -- Being the Book of the Mutations of the Tao with the Yin and the Yang" are 27 three-line diagrams known as 'trigrams', which are composed of a solid line for the Yang, a broken line for the Yin, and a point for the Tao. Crowley later attributed these trigrams to the 26 letters of the English alphabet. 
Three years prior to the writing of Liber XXVII, in 1904, Aleister Crowley wrote out the text of the foundational document of his world-view, known as Liber AL vel legis, or The Book of the Law. In this text was the injunction found at verse 2:55; "Thou shalt obtain the order & value of the English Alphabet, thou shalt find new symbols to attribute them unto". By attributing letters to the trigrams of his later work, Crowley was attempting to fulfill this injunction, and felt he had succeeded, as noted in his Old Comment to the Book of the Law.
ALW Cipher.
According to Allen Greenfield, Carol Smith discovered the ALW Cipher, which she later called "English Qaballa", in 1974. Thelemite James Lees says he discovered it independently on November 26, 1976. Carol Smith published the cipher and the reasoning behind it before anyone else, in "The New Equinox / British Journal of Magick". Her presentation was later summarized by Jake Stratton-Kent in "The Equinox: British Journal of Thelema". Since then other self-published authors have discussed the system, referring to it as "New Aeon English Qabala". 
The "order & value" of the letters in the ALW Cipher are derived from the grid superimposed on one of the pages of manuscript of Liber AL on which this verse appears (sheet 16 of Chapter III). Also appearing on this page are a diagonal line and a circled cross. Thelemites believe the book of the law should ideally only be printed in Crowley's hand-written version, because the books says there are messages in the chance shapes Crowley's handwriting made, or any shapes he adds to the pages. Believers in New Aeon English Qabalah, following the ideas explained by Carol Smith, feel that reading any diagonal across the square one gets the order of the English alphabet to be used in the English Qabala. Whichever diagonal is read the order of the letters is obtained.
As there are ten squares per column, this method is equivalent to taking every eleventh letter of the alphabet as the "order" and then assigning them sequential "values":
In the original handwritten text, the string of letters and numbers is divided into two lines, the first ending with "Y" and the second beginning with "X". Stratton-Kent thought that in the manuscript the 'X' at the beginning of line two looked like a multiplication symbol, so he added each line's values together and multiplied them; 17x11=187, the numerical value of the phrase "English alphabet", which he felt confirmed the correctness of the system.
Members of the Hermetic Alchemical Order of the QBLH began to work with the basic cipher. Other Thelemic groups have also adopted it.
William Gray's system.
Another system was proposed by William G. Gray in his 1984 book "Concepts of Qabalah", more recently republished as "Qabalistic Concepts". This system has been summarized by Joan Schraith Cole and includes correspondence attributions of the English letters to the positions on the Tree of Life.
Linda Falorio also wrote a system of English Qabalah in "Liber CXV: The English Qabalah." (1978),
Trigrammaton Qabalah (TQ).
One system of English Qabalah with a strong English gematria component was proposed by R. L. Gillis in 1996, and published on his website since 1998. Known as Trigrammaton Qabalah, or TQ, this system is based on one of the Holy Books of Thelema written by Aleister Crowley in 1907, called "Liber Trigrammaton, sub figura XXVII -- Being the Book of the Mutations of the Tao with the Yin and the Yang". 
In Liber Trigrammaton are 27 three-line diagrams known as 'trigrams', which are composed of a solid line representing the Yang, a broken line representing the Yin, and a point representing the Tao. Crowley later attributed the 26 letters of the English alphabet to these trigrams, in an attempt to fulfill an injunction found in his earlier work The Book of the Law, or Liber AL vel Legis. In Liber AL, verse 2:55 states: "Thou shalt obtain the order & value of the English Alphabet, thou shalt find new symbols to attribute them unto". By attributing the English alphabet to the trigrams of his later work, Crowley considered this verse to be fulfilled, as noted in his Old Comment to The Book of the Law. 
The TQ is an extension of Crowley's work with Liber Trigrammaton. By considering the numerical value of the 27 trigrams as expressions in Base 3, (or ternary), and then transferring those values to the letters attributed by Crowley to the trigrams, a system of English gematria is created. Further use is made of the trigrams to create a true qabalah in the sense of the definition provided by Jake Stratton-Kent above. A primary feature of this qabalah is a new understanding of the Cube of Space and its 26 components.

</doc>
<doc id="18565224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565224" title="Stormy Peters">
Stormy Peters

Stormy Peters is an information technology industry analyst and prominent free and open source software (FOSS) advocate, promoting business use of FOSS. She advocates as a consultant and conference speaker. She co-founded, and was later appointed as executive director of the GNOME Foundation.
Peters' real first name is Robyn; however, she has not gone by that name since her childhood.
Career.
Peters completed a Bachelor of Arts with a major in Computer Science at Rice University and initially worked as a software engineer for Hewlett-Packard in their Unix development team.
In approximately 1999 Peters was managing the HP-UX desktop development and became aware of the GNOME project when the team decided to provide GNOME on HPUX. Peters had a role in explaining the Open Source business and intellectual property models to Hewlett-Packard management. She later founded the Hewlett-Packard Open Source Program office. In 2000 she became one of the founding members of the GNOME Foundation Advisory board.
In December 2005 Peters became Director of Product Management for OpenLogic, an Open Source services company. In July 2008 Peters left OpenLogic and became the executive director of the GNOME Foundation. Her role was in coordinating with sponsors, business development and marketing. In November 2010 she left to Mozilla. Since August 2011 she has been a member of the GNOME Board of Directors.
Peters has given keynote talks to many Open Source conferences including the Open Source Business Conference, linux.conf.au, the 2008 and 2009 GNOME.Asia summit in Beijing and Ho Chi Minh respectively, and the Ohio Linuxfest in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18565254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565254" title="Bad News (Ligeia album)">
Bad News (Ligeia album)

Bad News is the second album by Massachusetts' metalcore band Ligeia.

</doc>
<doc id="18565272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565272" title="Mahanayim">
Mahanayim

Mahanayim () is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located around three kilometres northeast of Rosh Pina, it falls under the jurisdiction of Upper Galilee Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 346.
History.
The land on which Mahanayim stands was purchased in 1892 by the Ahavat Zion (Love of Zion) Hovevei Zion organisation with the aim of establishing a moshava in the area. In 1898 a number of families from Galicia settled in the area, naming it Mahanayim after the Biblical city in Gilead, where Jacob stayed before he met again with his brother Esau and saw angels, therefore calling it Mahanayim (camps) of God (Genesis 32,2). However, it was not a success, largely due to the settlers' lack of familiarity with the region, a shortage of money, and a lack of professionalism, resulting in the community disintegrating. The Jewish Colonization Association ran a trial of growing tobacco in the area, but it too was a failure, and the village was abandoned in 1912. 
In 1916 a kvutza of Poale Zion members arrived in the area, establishing the first working settlement in the Upper Galilee. In 1922 it became a moshav, but was abandoned in 1928.
The village was established for a third time in 1939 by members of kibbutz "Yodfat" from Safed.
Ben Ya'akov Airport is located to the south of the kibbutz.
Kibbutz Mahanaim operates a guesthouse that offers holistic and alternative medicine treatments. A sculpture studio and stained glass workshop on the grounds of the kibbutz are open to guests.
In 2013, a member of Mahanaim, Penny Ur, was awarded an OBE from the Queen of England for her contribution to English language teaching.

</doc>
<doc id="18565276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565276" title="Samleren">
Samleren

Samleren was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Mandal. It was a continuation of the periodical "Den Lille Samler". It was started in 1909 and went defunct in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18565277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565277" title="Story of the Year (EP)">
Story of the Year (EP)

Story of the Year is an EP released by the band Story of the Year when they were known as Big Blue Monkey. It was released in May 2002 on Criterion Records after most indie labels passed on them, including Drive Thru Records. This EP has been out of print since its first pressing of 3000 CDs in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18565292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565292" title="Lister og Mandals Amtstidende">
Lister og Mandals Amtstidende

Lister og Mandals Amtstidende was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Mandal.
"Lister og Mandals Amtstidende" was started in 1909 as "Lister og Mandals Amtstidende og Adresseavis". Its name was changed in 1914. "Lister og Mandals Amtstidende" went defunct in 1919.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18565297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565297" title="Max Doerner (rugby league)">
Max Doerner (rugby league)

Max Doerner (Australia) was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League(NSWRL) competition.
Doerner played with Eastern Suburbs in the 1917 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18565299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565299" title="Vadakara (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Vadakara (Lok Sabha constituency)

Vadakara (or Badagara) is a Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala.
Assembly segments.
Vadakara Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:
Lok Sabha Elections 2014.
M. T. Ramesh got declared as BJP Vadakara candidate for Lok Sabha Elections 2014 

</doc>
<doc id="18565303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565303" title="Folketidende">
Folketidende

Folketidende was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Mandal. 
"Folketidende" was founded in 1865 by Søren Jaabæk. It focused on small government and liberalist politics. It went defunct in 1879.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18565312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565312" title="Gaius Iulius Iullus">
Gaius Iulius Iullus

Gaius Iulius Iullus was a name used by Roman men of the Iullus branch of the "gens Iulia", which was older than the more famous Caesar branch to which Julius Caesar belonged. Five were consuls and one was dictator.
Gaius Iulius Iullus (consul 489 BC).
Gaius Iulius L.f. Iullus, consul in 489 BC with Publius Pinarius Mamercinus Rufus, in whose consulship the Volscians under Coriolanus commenced war against Rome. Livy omits the consuls of this year altogether.
Gaius Iulius Iullus (consul 482 BC).
Gaius Iulius Iullus or Gaius Iulius C.f. L.n. Iulus (fl. 5th century BC) was a Roman consul in 482 BC, son of Gaius Iulius Iullus (consul in 489 BC).
His colleague was Quintus Fabius Vibulanus (consul in 485 BC). He was elected to the office in consequence of an agreement between the two parties in the state, who, after the most violent opposition in the consular comitia, had at length consented that Iulius should be chosen as the popular and Fabius as the aristocratical candidate. Such is the account of Dionysius, but Livy merely says that the discord in the state was as violent this year as previously. The consuls marched against the Veientes, but as the enemy did not appear in the field, they returned to Rome, after only laying waste the Veientine territory.
Later he was a member of the first decemvirate in 451 BC and it is recorded as an instance of the moderation of the first decemvirs, that, though there was no appeal from their sentence, Iulius, notwithstanding, accused before the people in the comitia centuriata P. Sestius, a man of patrician rank, in whose house the corpse of a murdered person had been found, when he might have himself passed sentence upon the criminal. Iulius is again mentioned in 449 BC, as one of the three consular who were sent by senate to the plebeians when they had risen in arms against the second decemvirate and were encamped upon the Aventine.
Gaius Iulius Iullus (consul 447 BC).
Gaius Iulius C.f. C.n. Iullus, son of consul 482 BC, was consul in 447 BC, with Manius Geganius Macerinus, and again in 435 BC, with Lucius Verginius Tricostus. In the latter year Rome was visited with such grievous pestilence, that not only were the Romans unable to march out of their own territory to devastate the enemy's, but even offered no opposition to the Fidenates and Veientes, who advanced almost up to the Colline gate. While Iulius manned the walls, his colleague consulted the senate and eventually named a dictator. According to Licinius Macer, Iulius was elected consul for the third time in the following year, with his colleague of the preceding. Other accounts mentioned other persons as the consuls; and others again gave consular tribunes this year.
Gaius Iulius Iullus (consular tribune 408 BC).
Gaius Iulius L.f. Vop.n. Iullus, grandson of consul 482 BC, was consular tribune in 408 BC with two colleagues and again in 405 BC with five colleagues. In the former year he and his colleague Cornelius Cossus vehemently opposed the nomination of a dictator; and in the latter year he took part with his colleagues in the commencement of the siege of Veii. He was censor in 393 BC and died in his year of office.
Gaius Iulius Iullus (dictator 352 BC).
Gaius Iulius Iullus was nominated dictator in 352 BC, under pretense of an apprehended war with the Etruscans, but in reality to carry the election of two patricians in the consular comitia in violation of the Licinian law.

</doc>
<doc id="18565314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565314" title="Leontopodium coreanum">
Leontopodium coreanum

Leontopodium coreanum is a species of plant in the Asteraceae family.

</doc>
<doc id="18565320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565320" title="University of Saint Francis Xavier">
University of Saint Francis Xavier

The Royal and Pontificial Major University of Saint Francis Xavier of Chuquisaca is a public university in Sucre, Bolivia. It is one of the oldest universities of the new world, ranking as the second oldest university in the Americas behind Peru's National University of San Marcos. Founded in 1624 by order of the Spanish King Philip IV, and with the support of Pope Innocent XII, the university was intended to provide an education in Law and Theology to the families and descendants of the wealthy gentry of South America.
USFX is older than Harvard, for which the oldest official reference as a university occurs only in 1780.
At the turn of the 19th century, Chuquisaca and its university came to constitute an center of revolutionary zeal in Bolivia. The university intellectually sustained the well-cultivated Francophile elite whose ideals led to the Bolivian War of Independence and ultimately to the independence of all the Spanish colonies. Once Republic was proclaimed by Simón Bolívar, the university became the main university of the new country. 
Until the first decades of the 20th century, its law faculty remained famous all across South America.

</doc>
<doc id="18565329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565329" title="Flekkefjords Budstikke">
Flekkefjords Budstikke

Flekkefjords Budstikke was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Flekkefjord. It was started in 1874 and went defunct in 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="18565339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565339" title="Lister (newspaper)">
Lister (newspaper)

Lister was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Farsund in Vest-Agder county.
"Lister" was started in 1878. It stopped in 1881, but returned in 1883. "Lister" finally went defunct in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="18565350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565350" title="SpecC">
SpecC

SpecC is a System Description Language (SDL), or System-level Design Language (SLDL), and is an extension of the ANSI C programming language. It is used to aid the design and specification of digital embedded systems, providing improved productivity whilst retaining the ability to change a design at functional and specification level, unlike HDLs like Verilog and VHDL. An architectural model can be created which allows other tools to directly map the design onto silicon or FPGA. The main aim is for the reuse, exchange and integration of IP at various levels of abstraction.
The language and design methodology were created by Rainer Dömer and Daniel Gajski at the Centre for Embedded Computer Systems at University of California, Irvine in 2001.
Similar projects and design methodologies include SystemC, an SDL based on C++. Although this rival language has seen much more widespread industry usage (although SpecC is popular in Japan), SpecC retains simplicity whilst also providing the vital features of any SDL, such as concurrency (SpecC provides pipelined and parallel flows), synchronisation, state transitions (not available in Verilog), and composite data types.

</doc>
<doc id="18565352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565352" title="Søndenfjeldske Avis">
Søndenfjeldske Avis

Søndenfjeldske Avis was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Kristiansand in Vest-Agder county.
"Søndenfjeldske Avis" was started in 1892. It went defunct in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="18565373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565373" title="Kristiansands Stiftsavis og Adressekontors-Efterretninger">
Kristiansands Stiftsavis og Adressekontors-Efterretninger

Kristiansands Stiftsavis og Adressekontors-Efterretninger was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Kristiansand in Vest-Agder county.
"Kristiansands Stiftsavis og Adressekontors-Efterretninger" was started in 1790 as "Christianssands Adresse-Contors Efterretninger". It stopped in 1838, but returned under a new name in 1839. It went defunct in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="18565379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565379" title="Unge Agder">
Unge Agder

Unge Agder was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Kristiansand in Vest-Agder county.
"Unge Agder" was started in 1919. It went defunct in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="18565380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565380" title="Huckleberry (disambiguation)">
Huckleberry (disambiguation)

Huckleberry is a common name used in North America for several species of plants in two closely related genera in the family Ericaceae:
Huckleberry may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18565391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565391" title="Oypa">
Oypa

Oypa is a chain of supermarkets in Turkey. The company for food and non-food item retailing is owned by Koç Holding, which also owned the Migros Türk chain before selling it to Moonlight Capital.
It was formerly owned by the Ordu Yardımlaşma Kurumu (Oyak), the Armed Forces Pension Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="18565404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565404" title="Tvedestrand og Omegns Avis">
Tvedestrand og Omegns Avis

Tvedestrand og Omegns Avis was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Tvedestrand in Aust-Agder county.
"Tvedestrand og Omegns Avis" was started in 1902. It stopped in 1940, but returned in 1945. It finally went defunct in 1948.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18565413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565413" title="Folketanken">
Folketanken

Folketanken was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Risør in Aust-Agder county.
"Folketanken" was started in 1888. It went defunct in 1945.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18565420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565420" title="1995 Qatar Open – Singles">
1995 Qatar Open – Singles

Stefan Edberg defeated Magnus Larsson 7–6(7–4), 6–1 to win the 1995 Qatar Open singles competition. Edberg was the defending champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18565429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565429" title="Lillesands Tidende">
Lillesands Tidende

Lillesands Tidende was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Lillesand in Aust-Agder county.
"Lillesands Tidende" was started in 1886 as "Lillesands Tilskuer". Its name was changed in 1918. It went defunct in 1921.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18565447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565447" title="Grømstad-Posten">
Grømstad-Posten

Grømstad-Posten was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Grimstad in Aust-Agder county.
"Grømstad-Posten" was started in 1884 as "Andvake". Its name was changed in 1887. It stopped in 1904, but returned in 1945. It went defunct in 1951.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18565452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565452" title="Tomorrow Is Another Day (song)">
Tomorrow Is Another Day (song)

"Tomorrow (Is Another Day" (also known simply as "Tomorrow") is a dance song by Canadian musician Marc Mysterio and British singer Samantha Fox recorded and released in 2009.
"Tomorrow" was issued in three single formats, containg numerous remixes.
The song was later included on Samantha's retrospective album, "Greatest Hits", released in December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18565455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565455" title="Nedenes Amts Landbotidende">
Nedenes Amts Landbotidende

Nedenes Amts Landbotidende was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Arendal in Aust-Agder county.
"Nedenes Amts Landbotidende" was started in 1879. It went defunct in 1903.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18565466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565466" title="Egersundsposten">
Egersundsposten

Egersundsposten was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Egersund in Rogaland county.
"Egersundsposten" was started in 1865. It went defunct in 1940.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18565467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565467" title="Civic administration of Kolkata">
Civic administration of Kolkata

The civic administration of Kolkata (the metropolitan city and the capital of the West Bengal state of India) is executed by several government agencies, and consists of overlapping structural divisions. Kolkata's administrative agencies have areas of jurisdiction that do not coincide.
Governing bodies.
At least five administrative definitions of the city are available; listed in ascending order of area, those are:
The area within which the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) functions also has the following authorities involved in administration: the KMC itself, the Kolkata Collector (see Kolkata District), the Kolkata Police, the Collector /
District Magistrate (DM) of South 24 Parganas District, and the Superintendent of Police (SP) of South 24 Parganas District.
The Kolkata Collector collects land revenues within Kolkata district, a part of the area within which the KMC functions; In those KMC wards that are outside Kolkata district, revenue collection is performed by the Collector/DM of South 24 Parganas District. In 2011, Kolkata Police underwent restructuring, and as of 2012, the Kolkata Police area and Kolkata Municipal Area are same. 
It may seem paradoxical that the area of a district should be a subset of one urban area, since normally a district contains numerous urban areas as well as rural areas. This and the various other complications of Kolkata's government are mostly explained by the fact that Kolkata's gradual urban sprawl had somehow to be accommodated to existing political boundaries.
The KMC's entire area comprises all 144 wards of the KMC. "City" in relation to Kolkata is not an official term; when used, it normally refers to the KMC area.
Kolkata Municipal Corporation.
The Kolkata Municipal Corporation, or KMC, oversees and manages the civic infrastructure of the city's 15 boroughs, which together encompass 144 wards. Each ward elects a councillor to the KMC. Each borough has a committee of councillors, each of whom is elected to represent a ward. By means of the borough committees, the corporation undertakes urban planning and maintains roads, government-aided schools, hospitals, and municipal markets. As Kolkata's apex body, the corporation discharges its functions through the mayor-in-council, which comprises a mayor, a deputy mayor, and ten other elected members of the KMC. The functions of the KMC include water supply, drainage and sewerage, sanitation, solid waste management, street lighting, and building regulation.
The city also has an apolitical titular post, that of the Sheriff of Kolkata. The Sheriff presides over various city-related functions and conferences. 
According to KMC website, erstwhile Joka-I & Joka-II Gram Panchayats were added to municipal limits, although information on their distribution into wards was not available. This addition increases the area of KMC to . In 2011, it was announced that Kolkata Police and Kolkata Municipal Corporation area will be coterminous.
Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority.
Another ancillary civic body is the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) responsible for the statutory planning and development of the Kolkata Metropolitan Area (KMA). The KMA includes a large suburban hinterland around the urban centres of Kolkata.
State government.
As the capital of the state and the seat of the Government of West Bengal, Kolkata houses not only the various offices of local government listed above, but also, for the state level, the West Bengal Legislative Assembly, the Secretariat (Writers' Building) and the Calcutta High Court. Kolkata also has lower courts; the Small Causes Court for civil matters, and the Sessions Court for criminal cases.
Assembly and parliamentary constituencies.
The parliamentary constituencies and assembly constituencies in West Bengal, as defined by Election Commission of India, underwent delimitation in 2008 according to the report of the Delimitation Commission. Kolkata district is divided into 11 assembly constituencies — Kolkata Port, Bhabanipur, Rashbehari, Ballygunge, Chowringhee, Entally, Beleghata, Jorasanko, Shyampukur, Maniktala and Kashipur-Belgachhia. 
There are two parliamentary constituencies—Kolkata South and Kolkata North—that have the name Kolkata associated with them. Chowringhee, Entally, Beliaghata, Jorasanko, Shyampukur, Maniktala and Kashipur-Belgachhia assembly constituencies form the Kolkata Uttar (Lok Sabha constituency). Along with three assembly constituencies (Kasba, Behala Purba, and Behala Paschim) from South 24 Parganas district, Kolkata Port, Bhabanipur, Rashbehari, and Ballygunje constituencies form the Kolkata Dakshin (Lok Sabha constituency). 
Several wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation area constitute parts of following 6 assembly constituencies which are outside Kolkata district — Metiaburuz (ward number 136 to 141 of Kolkata Municipal Corporation), Behala Paschim (wards 118 to 119 and 125 to 132), Behala Purba (Ward 115 to 117 and 120 to 124 ), Tollyganj (wards 94, 95, 97, 98, 100, 111 to 114), Jadavpur (wards 96, 99, 101 to 106, 109 and 110), Kasba (wards 66, 67, 91, 92, 107 and 108). Among these 6 assembly constituencies, 3 (Kasba, Behala Paschim and Behala Purba) are within Kolkata Dakshin parliamentary constituency. Jadavpur and Tollyganj assembly constituencies are within Jadavpur parliamentary constituency, while Metiaburuz assembly constituency lies within Diamond Harbour parliamentary constituency. 

</doc>
<doc id="18565477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565477" title="Nurmon Jymy">
Nurmon Jymy

Nurmon Jymy is a Finnish sports club with several departments, located in Nurmo.
History.
The club was founded in 5.5.1925.
Today the most popular departments are pesäpallo, floorball and volleyball. Other departments are cross-country skiing, ski jumping, gymnastics and wrestling. Before wrestling were the most popular department with many Olympic winners.
Pesäpallo.
, pesäpallo is the most popular department for Nurmon Jymy because the men's team play at the highest level of Finnish pesäpallo, the Superpesis. The 2012 season will be 26th for Jymy in the Superpesis. The team finished placed second in 2005, the most successful finish to date. Jymy won bronze medals for the 1956 and 2008 seasons, and won the pesäpallos cup competition Suomen cup in 1978.
Floorball.
Jymy has play to season on mens highest level: 2000–2001 and 2002–2003. Ranks were 7 and 5. After second season Jymy had to stop on highest level because Jymy had too much dept and not money enough.
Volleyball.
Nurmon Jymy got up to mens 1. division after season 2003. The team played a successful season in 2. division and won the division outstanding. The team's head coach was Matti Försti.
The first season in 1. division was good to Jymy. The team saved their place in the division easily. The second season in the division the team nearly rose to the Finland volleyball league, but the bad end of the season ruined their chances. Season 2005-2006 the team played themselves to a Finland volleyball league tryout. The space in the volleyball league didn't open. Season 2006-2007 the team again played themselves to tryout for the volleyball league, but again they faced disappointment. The season 2007-2008 team was in fifth place in the 1. division. In season 2008-2009 the team was better than ever. Jymy made contact with four top-players and expectations were high.

</doc>
<doc id="18565479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565479" title="Karmøens Tidende">
Karmøens Tidende

Karmøens Tidende was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Karmøy in Rogaland county.
"Karmøens Tidende" was started in 1904. It went defunct in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18565483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565483" title="Kopervik Tidende">
Kopervik Tidende

Kopervik Tidende was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Kopervik, Karmøy in Rogaland county.
"Kopervik Tidende" was started in 1912. It went defunct in 1931.
References.
<br>

</doc>
