<doc id="18802741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802741" title="USS Basilan (AG-68)">
USS Basilan (AG-68)

USS "Basilan" (AG-68/ARG-12) was a "Basilan"-class miscellaneous auxiliary acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. The ship was designed as a combined barracks-stores-water distillation ship, but was later converted to an electronics repair ship. She spent her Navy career in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations.
Liberty ship built in Louisiana.
"Basilan" (ARG 12) originally projected as the EC-2 “Liberty Ship” "Jacques Phillipe Villere"—was laid down on 5 February 1944 at New Orleans, Louisiana, by the Delta Shipbuilding Corporation. under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MCE hull 2460); redesignated as a miscellaneous auxiliary, "AG-68", on 14 March 1944, and allocated for conversion in response to the urgent need for self-propelled special barracks-stores ships; launched on 21 March 1944; and sponsored by Mrs. Percy H. Brown. 
Delivered to the Navy on 21 April 1944, "Basilan" was placed in reduced commission that same day for the voyage from New Orleans to Mobile, Alabama. Placed out of commission at the latter port on 24 April 1944, she underwent conversion for her new role as a combined barracks-stores-distilling ship by the Waterman Steamship Company; and was recommissioned at Mobile on 10 October 1944, Lt. Comdr. Lawrence A. Parks, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
East coast operations.
Ordered to proceed to Pilottown, Louisiana, on 21 October, "Basilan" departed as directed and there joined convoy HK-293 on 22 October. She reached Key West, Florida, on 25 October, joining convoy KN-346 later the same day and proceeding thence to Norfolk, Virginia. Anchoring in Hampton Roads on 31 October, the ship moved into Chesapeake Bay the following morning. 
After shakedown training, "Basilan" entered drydock to undergo repairs and the installation of her evaporators at the Norfolk Navy Yard from 5 to 25 November, after which time she shifted to the Naval Operating Base (NOB), Norfolk, to load supplies.
Underway on the morning of 4 December, "Basilan" proceeded independently to New York City, arriving at her destination the following afternoon. Proceeding thence in convoy on the afternoon of 7 December, she arrived at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, on the morning of the 14th. She sailed on the afternoon of 15 December in convoy GZ-109 for Panama, reaching the Panama Canal and commencing her transit of the isthmian waterway on the morning of 19 December.
Drydocked that same afternoon at Balboa, Panama Canal Zone, for the complete realignment of her engine crankshaft, "Basilan" underwent repairs into the new year 1945.
Pacific theatre operations.
After her main engine broke down during the post-repair trials on 15 January 1945, she was towed back to Balboa for additional work that lasted over almost a fortnight. Following a successful post-repair trial run, "Basilan" shaped a course, proceeding independently, for Pearl Harbor on 27 January. 
Three-quarters of an hour into the afternoon watch on 1 February, however, she received dispatch orders re-directing her to San Francisco, California, for reconversion to an “electronic repair and staff maintenance ship.” She reached the Bethlehem Steel Company’s shipyard at San Francisco on 12 February. Shifting to the Naval Supply Depot to unload stores two days later, she returned to Bethlehem Steel’s yard on 20 February. She remained there, undergoing conversion for her new role, through the end of March 1945.
Underway for the Western Caroline Islands on 1 April, "Basilan" arrived at Ulithi Atoll on the 24th, reporting for duty with Service Squadron (ServRon) 10 and assignment to work in conjunction with "Jason" (ARH-1). The skilled artificers of "Basilan’s" ship repair unit (SRU) worked alongside those of "Jason" and under the direction of the latter’s repair officer. Simultaneously, the workload of “installing, maintaining and repairing electronic equipment” kept "Basilan’s" electronic repair force busy. 
The advent of the typhoon season made it imperative to shift ServRon 10’s principal base of operations from the Western Carolines to the Philippine Islands. With the selection of San Pedro Bay, Leyte Gulf, as the base site, the movement toward Leyte began on 7 May. "Basilan" sailed with the fourth increment of ServRon 10 on 20 May, and reached her destination on 25 May. ServRon 10’s maintenance staff (later designated as Service Division 101, Maintenance) reported on board on 28 May.
"Basilan" carried out her support mission in Philippine waters as the Pacific War progressed to its victorious conclusion that summer. During her time in Leyte Gulf, again working with "Jason", she also provided important services in conjunction with the modern repair ship "Ajax" (AR-6) and the veterans "Vulcan" (AR-5) and "Prometheus" (AR-3). "Basilan’s" “skilled workmen in (the ship’s) SRU and electronic repair forces,” her chronicler noted modestly, performed “commendable work on such ships as the "Missouri" (BB-63), "Bennington" (CV-20), "Randolph" (CV-15), "Essex" (CV-9), and others…
”Her unique equipment also enabled her to fulfill another key sustaining role in supporting the forces afloat. “Due to our large evaporator capacity,” her historian later wrote, “we were able to issue water to many of the LCIs (infantry landing craft), LCS’s (support landing craft) and other small craft.”
End-of-war operations.
On 13 September, "Basilan" stood out of Leyte Gulf, bound for Jinsen (later Inchon), Korea, to participate in the occupation of that former Japanese territory, briefly retracing her course in response to warnings of two typhoons crossing her proposed course. 
Earmarked for disposal on 21 September, the ship nevertheless remained on occupation duty, first at Jinsen and later at Shanghai, China, into the late autumn of 1945. "Basilan" concluded her occupation work on 2 December, when she sailed from Shanghai, bound for Pearl Harbor, arriving at her destination on Christmas Day 1945. She sailed for the Pacific Northwest two days later. 
Reaching Seattle, Washington, on 6 January 1946, "Basilan" began pre-inactivation overhaul soon thereafter. Before stripping could be completed, however, on 22 February the ship received orders to report to Commandant, 14th Naval District, for berthing and eventual assignment to Joint Task Force (JTF) 1 being constituted to take part in the atomic bomb tests at Bikini Atoll (Operation Crossroads). On 25 February, the ship departed for Pearl Harbor, and reached her destination on 8 March.
Post-war decommissioning.
Decommissioned at Pearl on 22 April 1946, "Basilan", never ultimately employed in Crossroads, remained in Hawaiian waters until 30 March 1947, when she sailed, in tow of tug "VO-69", and in company with the fleet tug "Abnaki" (ATF-96) and five other small tugs and their tows, for San Francisco, California. 
Reaching Drake’s Bay on 15 April, she was turned over, having been stripped, to the U.S. Maritime Commission on 14 May. Her name was stricken from the Naval Register on 28 May 1947, and the ship remained in the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay, California, until 12 June 1972 when she was sold to Zidell Explorations, Inc., for scrapping.

</doc>
<doc id="18802742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802742" title="Edward Hall House">
Edward Hall House

Edward Hall House, built in 1890, is a historic house at 187 Pleasant Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802748" title="Swayne's hartebeest">
Swayne's hartebeest

Swayne's hartebeest (Alcelaphus buselaphus swaynei) is an endangered antelope native to Ethiopia. Two of the largest remaining populations are located in Senkelle Swayne's Hartebeest Sanctuary and Maze National Park. It has been extirpated from Somalia. It is named after British officer H. G. C. Swayne (1860–1940).

</doc>
<doc id="18802753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802753" title="The Wizard in Wonderland">
The Wizard in Wonderland

The Wizard in the Wonderland is the 1991 sequel to The Wizard In the Woods and the second book in the wizard trilogy by Jean Ure.
Plot.
The plot details the reunion of junior wizard Ben-Muzzy and his friends Joel and Gemma. They visit Wonderland on Ben-Muzzy’s magic broomstick, however their fun is interrupted when a race known as the Airy Fairies steals the broomstick. Now the three friends must retrieve it before it is missed by the other wizards.

</doc>
<doc id="18802758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802758" title="Highland Hose House">
Highland Hose House

Highland Hose House, built in 1928, is a historic fire station at 1007 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18802762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802762" title="West Philadelphia Catholic High School for Boys">
West Philadelphia Catholic High School for Boys

West Philadelphia Catholic High School for Boys (West Boys, West Catholic, Burrs) opened it doors in 1916, at 49th Street between Chestnut and Market Streets in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The school closed its doors in 1989 when the co-educational West Philadelphia Catholic High School opened in the former West Philadelphia Catholic Girls High School building at 45th and Chestnut Street.
The school consisted of two connected buildings. The original staff were the Marist Brothers. They were replaced in 1926 by the Brothers of the Christian Schools, who administered the school until its closing by the Archdiocese of Philadelphia in 1989.
The school colors were blue and white and its motto was "Pro Deo et Patria" (For God and Country).
The West Catholic Alumni Association, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, remains the official alumni association for West Catholic Boys as well as for the male graduates of West Philadelphia Catholic High School. The Association's website is www.westcatholicalumni.org

</doc>
<doc id="18802772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802772" title="Addison Hill House">
Addison Hill House

Addison Hill House is a historic house on the National Register of Historic Places and located at 83 Appleton Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802778" title="Jack Woolams">
Jack Woolams

Jack Woolams (1917–1946) attended the University of Chicago for two years before joining the United States Army Air Corps. He served on active duty for approximately eighteen months, after which he returned to the University of Chicago and graduated with a degree in economics in June 1941.
Career and flight records.
Woolams joined Bell Aircraft later that month and was soon transferred from the test flight division to the experimental research division. In September 1942, he became the first person to fly a fighter aircraft coast to coast over the United States without stopping.
In the summer of 1943, he set a new altitude record of 47,600 feet. He became chief test pilot for Bell in 1944, and was the first to fly the Bell X-1 and the only one to pilot the plane at the Pinecastle facility in Orlando, Florida.
Personality.
Author Sterling Michael Pavelec records that Woolams once joined a group of trainee pilots while flying the experimental P-59 jet airplane. The trainees, surprised to see a plane flying without propellers, were astonished to see Woolans flying the plane wearing an old Halloween gorilla mask, a bowler hat and smoking a cigar. Woolans waved at them and flew away. 
Death and legacy.
Woolams' career ended abruptly on August 30, 1946. He was killed during a practice flight for the upcoming National Air Races in Cleveland, that were to occur the next day. Jack had flown back to western New York and the Bell Aircraft Plant in Wheatfield, NY, where the P-39 had been built at the Wheatfield plant but was owned by an organization known as Skylanes Unlimited. Woolams and the P-39 Airacobra returned to Niagara Falls on August 29, from Cleveland, after obtaining a disappointing qualifying speed of 392 mph. Woolams was testing the red plane over Lake Ontario, late in the afternoon, possibly at speeds of up to 400 mph. It suddenly and inexplicably crashed into the water, breaking apart upon impact. His body was recovered 4 days later. 

</doc>
<doc id="18802781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802781" title="Yevhen Shmakov">
Yevhen Shmakov

Yevhen Viktorovych Shmakov (; born 7 June 1985, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who is currently playing for Simurq PFC. He played for Arsenal Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League on loan from Dynamo Kyiv. On 22 August 2008, Arsenal Kyiv broke their contract with Shmakov, and was granted a free-agent status by Dynamo Kyiv, which he used to sign for Tavriya Simferopol where he played for one season before moving to Zakarpattia Uzhhorod.

</doc>
<doc id="18802785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802785" title="Finishing (textiles)">
Finishing (textiles)

In textile manufacturing, finishing refers to the processes that convert the woven or knitted cloth into a usable material and more specifically to any process performed after dyeing the yarn or fabric to improve the look, performance, or "hand" (feel) of the finished textile or clothing. The precise meaning depends on context.
Some finishing techniques such as bleaching and dyeing are applied to yarn before it is woven while others are applied to the grey cloth directly after it is woven or knitted. Some finishing techniques, such as fulling, have been in use with hand-weaving for centuries; others, such as mercerisation, are byproducts of the Industrial Revolution. 
Introduction.
In order to impart the required functional properties to the fiber or fabric, it is customary to subject the material to different types of physical and chemical treatments. For example, wash and wear finish for a cotton fabric is necessary to make it crease-free or wrinkle-free. In a similar way, mercerising, singeing, flame retardant, water repellent, waterproof, anti-static and peach finishing achieve various fabric properties desired by consumers.
The use of 100% synthetic textiles has increased considerably since the development of textured yarns made of filaments, and the growing production of knit goods. The use of open weave has enabled production of lighter, breathable, fabrics to ensure better wearing comfort.
The properties of plastic-based synthetic fibers, most important among them being polyamide, polyester and polyacrylonitrile, are essentially different from those of natural cellulosic and wool fibers. Hence the sequence of finishing operations is likely to be different. While cellulosic fabrics require a resin finishing treatment to impart easy-care properties, synthetic fibers already exhibit these easy-care criteria and require only a heat setting operation.
Finishing- processing of cotton.
Purification and preliminary processes.
The grey cloth,woven cotton fabric in its loom-state, not only contains impurities, including warp size, but requires further treatment in order to develop its full textile potential. Furthermore, it may receive considerable added value by applying one or more finishing processes.
Coloration.
Color is a senation caused when white light from a source such as the sun is reflected off a pigment on the surface. The pigment selectively reflects certain wavelengths of light while absorbing others. A dye can be considered as a substance that can be fixed to a material that has these properties. The colour it reflects is defined by the structure of the molecule, and particular the parts of the chromogen molecule called the chromophore group.
There are two processes used to apply colour:
Finishing.
Mechanical finishing
Chemical finishing
Special finishes for natural fibers.
Bio-polishing removes the protruding fibers of a fabric through the action of an enzyme. Enzymes, such as cellulase for cotton, selectively remove protruding fibers. These enzymes may be deactivated by an increase in temperature.
Mercerisation makes woven cotton fabric stronger, more lustrous, to have better dye affinity, and to be less abrasive.
Raising lifts the surface fibers to improve the softness and warmth, as in flannelette.
Peach Finish subjects the fabric (either cotton or its synthetic blends) to emery wheels, making the surface velvet-like. This is a special finish used mostly in garments.
Fulling or "waulking" is a method of thickening woollen material to make it more water-resistant.
Decatising to bring dimension stability to woollen fabrics.
Calendering makes one or both surfaces of the fabric smooth and shiny. The fabric is passed to through hot, fast-moving stainless steel cylinders.
Sanforizing or Pre-shrinking prevents a fabric and the produced garment from shrinking after production. This is also a mechanical finish, acquired by feeding the fabric between a roller and rubber blanket, in such a way the rubber blanket compresses the weft threads and imparts compressive shrinkage.
Crease-Resist finish or "wash-and-wear" or "wrinkle-free" finishes are achieved by the addition of a chemical resin finish that makes the fiber take on a quality similar to that of synthetic fibers.
Anti-microbial finish causes a fabric to inhibit the growth of microbes. The humid and warm environment found in textile fibers encourages the growth of the microbes. Infestation by microbes can cause cross-infection by pathogens and the development of odor where the fabric is worn next to skin. In addition, stains and loss of fiber quality of textile substrates can also take place. With an aim to protect the skin of the wearer and the textile substrate itself, an anti-microbial finish is applied to textile materials.
Special finishes for synthetic fibers.
Heat-setting of synthetic fabrics eliminates the internal tensions within the fiber, generated during manufacturing, and the new state can be fixed by rapid cooling. This heat setting fixes the fabrics in the relaxed state, and thus avoids subsequent shrinkage or creasing of the fabric. Presetting of goods makes it possible to use higher temperature for setting without considering the sublimation properties of dyes and also has a favorable effect on dyeing behavior and the running properties of the fabric. On the other hand, post-setting can be combined with some other operations such as Thermasol dyeing or optical brightening of polyester. Post-setting as a final finish is useful to achieve high dimensional stability, along with desired handle. Heat-setting is an important part in textile finishing.
Stiffening and filling process: A stiffening effect is desirable in certain polyamides and polyester materials (e.g. petticoats, collar inner linings), which can be done by reducing the mutual independence of structural elements of fabric by polymer deposition on coating as a fine film.
Hydrophilic finishes compensate for lower moisture and water absorption capacity in synthetic fiber materials, which become uncomfortable in contact with skin. Certain products, based on modified (oxy-ethylated) polyamides, make the fabric more pleasant by reducing the cohesion of water so that it spreads over a larger area and thus evaporates more readily.
Anti-pilling finish alleviates pilling, an unpleasant phenomenon associated with spun yarn fabrics, especially when they contain synthetics. Synthetic fibers are more readily brought to the surface of a fabric due to their smooth surface and circular cross-section, and due to their higher tensile strength and abrasion resistance. With knit "picking" also occurs: by abrasion, individual fibers work themselves out of yarn loops onto the surface, and the garment catches on a pointed or rough object. Knitting is susceptible to these effects due to the open weave and bulky yarn.
Anti-static finish prevents dust from clinging to the fabric. Anti-static effective chemicals are largely chemically inert and require Thermasol or heat treatment for fixing on polyester fabrics. Polyether agents have been found to be useful but should not affect the dye-equilibrium on fiber, lest they impair the rubbing fastness. In general, Thermasol anti-static agents also have a good soil release action, which is as permanent as the anti-static effect. Anti-static finishes may also be of polyamide type, being curable at moderate temperatures.
Non-slip finishes give the filaments a rougher surface. Synthetic warp and weft threads in loosely-woven fabrics are particularly prone to slip because of their surface smoothness when the structure of fabric is disturbed and appearance is no longer attractive. Silica gel dispersions or silicic acid colloidal solutions are used in combination with latex polymer or acrylates dispersions to get more permanent effect, along with simultaneous improvement in resistance to pilling or snagging. These polymer finishes are also capable of imparting a soft and smooth handle to synthetic fabric without making it water repellent.
Fire Resistant or Flame Retardant finish: to reduce flammability.
Anti-microbial finish: with the increasing use of synthetic fibers for carpets and other materials in public places, anti-microbial finishes have gained importance. Products which are commonly applied are brominated phenols, quaternary ammonium compounds, organo-silver and tin compounds, which can be applied as solutions or dispersions. They can also be incorporated in a polymeric film deposited on the surface to achieve controlled release.

</doc>
<doc id="18802788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802788" title="Portsmouth F.C. Reserves and Academy">
Portsmouth F.C. Reserves and Academy

Portsmouth F.C. Reserves and Academy consist of the reserve and academy footballers of Portsmouth F.C..
The Reserves.
The Portsmouth Reserves consist of mainly young players under the age of 21 who are no longer eligible for the academy but are still trying to make the step up to the senior team. The reserve team is also often used to give senior squad players and senior players returning from injury the chance to play and keep or build up match fitness, or for trialists at the club to impress in a competitive match. The team was last managed by Guy Whittingham and played their matches at Havant and Waterlooville's home ground West Leigh Park. They played in the Premier Reserve League South. The club announced on 7 July 2010 that they would opt out of the Totesport.com Combination Reserve League for the upcoming season, leaving the club without the ability to field a competitive reserve team. Instead, young players are being sent out on loan to other football clubs for first-team action and a number of friendly matches will be arranged over the course of the season for the reserve players to play in. In 2012 Portsmouth returned with a Development squad. This contains Substitute first team players as well as advanced youth players. Both parties are still allowed to play in the first team or academy depending on age as, all Development squad matches are friendlies. 
The Academy.
Portsmouth were granted academy status at the beginning of the 2007/2008 season. In their first year as an academy side, they finished a highly respectable 4th place finish in the Premier League Academy Group A, beating some well established academy sides such as those of Southampton and Crystal Palace. The academy is currently run by Andy Awford, a position formerly held at the club by Paul Hart. In the 2012-13 season the Academy won the Football League Youth Alliance South East Conference.
Currently Adam Webster, Jed Wallace, Dan Butler and Ashley Harris are notable graduates in the first team squad.
Academy team.
"Apps and goals updated on 7 January 2014."
Academy graduates (2000–present).
"Information in the above table is current as of 26 November 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="18802793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802793" title="Edward Hornblower House and Barn">
Edward Hornblower House and Barn

Edward Hornblower House and Barn, built in 1805, is a historic farm listed on the National Register of Historic Places and located at 200 Pleasant Street in Arlington, Massachusetts. The house was remodeled by financier Edward T. Hornblower, of the Boston brokerage firm Hornblower & Page (later Hornblower & Weeks) to add Renaissance Revival elements to an earlier Greek Revival structure.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802794" title="Ashbourne, County Meath">
Ashbourne, County Meath

Ashbourne, historically called "Killeglan" or "Kildeglan" (), is a town in County Meath, Ireland. It is about 20 km north of Dublin city centre and is bypassed by the M2 motorway.
History.
Recent archaeological excavations in the area around Ashbourne have revealed evidence of settlement back to neolithic times. In the townland of Rath, to the north of the town centre, a Bronze Age settlement was found during the construction of the M2 motorway. Excavations in the vicinity of the cemetery Killegland revealed the extent of the early Christian settlement, with souterrains, house sites and a large enclosure centred around the remains of the church that is visible in the cemetery. This would link the townland name of Killegland - meaning Declan's Church - to pre-Patrician settlement in the area. Archaeological excavations on the site of Lidl supermarket revealed the original medieval town, with several house remains, associated field systems, fish traps and mill races. 
Hugh de Lacy, Lord of Meath set about building fortified houses, called mottes and baileys, in case the native Irish would regroup and attack. The remains of a motte and bailey can be found in Ratoath 5 km from Ashbourne. 
Once settled, Hugh de Lacy divided the land among his army. A large portion at Killeglan was given to a family called Wafre in 1220. This family lived there until 1420, the last member of this family having built a tower house (a fortified house often called a castle). The castle and lands became the property of the Segrave family, who remained owners until 1649. The first of the family recorded in Meath, Richard Sydgrave, was Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer 1423-5. They became one of the most influential and wealthy non-aristocratic families in Ireland during the 16th century, with two gaining the high political office of Chancellor of the Exchequer, while another became High Sheriff of Meath; Richard Segrave ( died 1598) and his son Patrick Segrave were both judges of the Court of Exchequer (Ireland).
However, their political power and possessions were removed during the religious wars of 1641 to 1650. Indeed, during the Cromwellian period, Oliver Cromwell's son, Henry, stayed for a time in Killeglan Castle. With the final subjugation of the native Irish after 1690, and the imposition of religious persecution in the Penal Laws, a new land-owner named Thomas Carter gained possession of the Killeglan lands. He did not live there, and the castle fell into dis-repair and eventually into ruin. The Carter family held high office in Irish politics during the 18th century but their fortunes waned in the early 19th century. When the Carter estates were sold in the 1840s, the Killegland lands were bought by Frederick Bourne.
Frederick Bourne was a rich entrepreneur who made his fortune from roads and transport. Before 1820 in Ireland roads were almost non-existent. Government regulations allowed for considerable spending on roads, and the subsequent improvements ensured greater post-coach services. Bourne owned a coach company and financed road-building, collecting revenue from tolls. He financed a ten mile (old Irish miles) section of road from Dublin to Killegland. He decided to build a small town with an inn, a hotel and other small businesses to make money from travellers. He built this village near his ten mile tollbooth and named the place after his favourite tree, and himself, i.e. Ash and Bourne. This began in 1820. 
Bourne's idea was a great success. However, by 1850 rail was taking business from the roadways, and the Bourne family fortune declined. In 1821 the population was 133, by 1841 it was 411. Unfortunately the Irish famine took its toll from 1845 to 1851, and the population declined. Frederick Bourne left his land at Killegland, and his village of Ashbourne, to his son Richard in 1844. Richard lived in the village, and his first home is now the Ashbourne House Hotel on Frederick Street. Later he built a modest house down Castle Street near where the last remains of the Wafre and Segrave tower house were. Richard married the daughter of a wealthy local family, Elizabeth Mangan, and had several children. The eldest, Thomas, became his father's heir and the last landlord of Ashbourne. He left Ireland and went to live in Northfleet, Kent, England in 1899. The land was sold to the local tenants.
Growth.
Ashbourne was a small village with a population under 400 until 1970. Then, in response to the growing population of nearby Dublin, a new scheme of houses was built in Ashbourne, based on the American open plan scheme rather than with fenced-off gardens. This was new in Ireland. The population of the town was 8,528 as of the 2006 census, a 34% increase on the previous census in 2002,The population in the year 2013 was recorded at 14,000 people approximately, making it Meath's second largest town after Navan and the largest town in the new Meath East Dáil constituency, which elects 3 TDs to the Dáil. 
This growth has largely been the result of the rapid construction of several new housing schemes - most notably several apartment blocks scattered throughout the town and a number of new housing estates. It's also led to Ashbourne becoming a cosmopolitan town, the 2006 census showed that over 12% of Ashbourne's population was born outside Ireland. The Lithuanian community is the second largest minority in Ashbourne after people from the United Kingdom. Almost one fifth of all non-Irish born in the town are from Lithuania. Lithuanian language services are held in the Church of the Immaculate Conception. The Polish community in Ashbourne is the second-largest in Meath after Navan. 
The growth in Ashbourne's population has spurred expansion of local enterprise and retail to cater for the growing populations needs. Many new retail units have been opened in recent years.
Public transport.
Ashbourne is served by Bus Éireann who provide a regular service (Route 103) from Beresford Place, Dublin, every 30 minutes at peak times to the town. Some of these services continue on to Ratoath, Kilmoon Cross and Duleek. At the beginning of March 2010, a regular service to and from Navan via Dunshaughlin and Ratoath to Dublin Airport that had previously not passed through Ashbourne was rerouted to serve the Marriott Hotel at the northern end of the town, and to then go through the town to the airport and Dublin City University. The service (route 109A) runs every hour from early morning to late evening. The 104 service that ran from Ashbourne to Blanchardstown Shopping centre was discontinued at the same time, and replaced by the some of the 105 service being extended from Ratoath to also serve Ashbourne. Route 177, with a low frequency, also served Ashbourne from Dublin, and went on to Slane, Ardee and Monaghan, with extensions to Clones but was withdrawn in November 2013. There is also a very limited service (Route 107) from Kingscourt to Dublin via Ashbourne. In November 2013 routes 189 & 189A were introduced linking Ashbourne to Drogheda and Clogherhead.
Amenities.
There is an 18 hole golf course on the outskirts of the town and several sports clubs in the town, including a Gaelic Athletic Association club, Donaghmore-Ashbourne who have recently built a new clubhouse, with an indoor astro turf and two full-size Gaelic pitches. There is also a rugby union team who play their matches at the Ashbourne rugby club which has also undergone some development with the creation of a new rugby pitch and a small astro pitch which can also be used for 5 a side soccer. 
There is also, a soccer team Ashbourne United, a judo club and a boxing club (now closed down due to lack of interest) as well as other sporting organisations. 
There is a community centre which has a big hall and some squash courts. The community centre is used by many of the sporting organisations such as the St Andrews athletics club (who also have facilities in the Arkle Pavilion in Greenogue on the outskirts of Ashbourne) and Hip-Hop classes Fit Kids/Fit Teens.
Fairyhouse Racecourse is located 10 km from Ashbourne. Fairyhouse attracts leading horses both on the flat and over jumps.
Retail activities.
A series of shopping streets are currently being built as part of a scheme to give Ashbourne the type of retail centre more in keeping with other towns. Up until recently commercial development in the town was stifled given the fact that the town was bisected by a busy national primary route, the N2, on to which all commercial development was focused. This restricted the town's potential to attract high street retailers due to the a lack of suitable sites and the associated traffic hazards of the N2. In 2002, a local area plan for the town was completed which provides for the future development of Ashbourne. The plan provided for a major expansion of Ashbourne westward into the townland of Killegland adjoining the new N2 Ashbourne bypass. It led to the introduction of residential units, a retail park, community facilities and industrial units. The town is being planned westward, further into County Meath, as the Fingal County boundary is only 1.5 kilometres (0.9 mi) from the east side of the town, which decreases to approximately 600 metres (2,000 ft) at the north end of the town, in the townland of Rath. 
Of the streets developed in Ashbourne's "new" town centre, Killegland Street, has become a new commercial street containing a number of varied retail units along with a new library and council offices. Car parking in the town has been expanded thanks to both a large underground car park beneath Killegland Street (extending from Tesco to the Civic Offices) and a multi-storey car park above the retail units on the south end of the street.
Bridge Street is an existing street between the Broadmeadow River and the Ashbourne House Hotel which contained just three dwellings and no retail outlets eight years ago now has five shops, a large hotel, dozens of apartments and a supermarket there. This is typical of the high pace of development in Ashbourne in the past decade. 
A large supermarket has opened a large store on the former Dardis & Dunns seed merchant site on the northern end of Frederick/Main Street as part of the Ashbourne Town Centre development and is accessible from both Frederick Street, across from Ashbourne's original town centre and Killegland Square, linking the new retail area to the established centre in the town.
Future retail activities and developments.
Development is now being concentrated on the area west of Castle Street (known locally as Ned Nulty's Lane), a route which was completely realigned and widened in 2006 to allow motorists to avoid the new centre and reduce congestion, as well as providing a direct route from Garden City to Cluain Rí and areas like Brindley Park and Johnswood. However in the medium to long-term, this route will lead to the new housing developments to the west of the town centre/Crestwood/Bourne View areas. It's expected that this end of town, which is now home to Donaghmore-Ashbourne GAA's new playing pitches, will eventually stretch to the N2 bypass to the west and join with Brindley Park to the north. 
2007 also saw the opening of two new commercial ventures in the Rath, north of the town. 4Home Superstores opened in February 2007, (and closed in late 2009) at the new Ashbourne Retail Park and catalogue store Argos opened an Argos Extra outlet in the park in August 2007. County Meath's second Marriott hotel opened in April 2007 as the 148-room Ashbourne Marriott. 
Ashbourne Retail Park Ltd. applied for planning permission on 9 March 2007 for an extension to the park, consisting of 4 additional double-height retail warehouse units, with a 1,000 seater cinema overhead as well as food and beverage outlets. Car parking was also to increase by another 210 spaces, with the entire extension containing almost 7,500 sq. m of floor area.
Cinema.
The town's first cinema opened in Ashbourne Retail Park on 19 June 2009. The Sunday Tribune reported that the six-screen, 1,000-seat facility, which is Showtime Cinemas' first opening, has wall-to-wall screens, rocker seats, full digital projection and 3D capability.
M2.
Ashbourne is linked to the M50 and Dublin City by 17 kilometres of motorway/high quality dual carriageway on the N2/M2 national primary route, which commences at junction 5 of the M50 motorway (13.5 km from Ashbourne). The road is a six-lane dual-carriageway from the M50 until exit 2, Cherryhound in Co. Dublin, where it becomes a motorway from there to the Rath roundabout, 1.5 km north of Ashbourne. The M2 incorporates a bypass of Ashbourne. 
The N2 dual-carriageway, on its opening in 2006, was unique in Ireland as it was the first non-motorway road in the state to officially be granted national motorway speed limits of 120 km/h without any motorway restrictions. As a de facto motorway, many referred to this route as the M2 but this situation was regularised on 28 August 2009, when the section between exit 2 and the Rath roundabout north of Ashbourne will be redesignated as a motorway. The old N2, now re-designated the R135, had its speed limit reduced to 80 km/h in Co. Meath and 60 km/h in adjoining Fingal, much to the consternation of local motorists.
The N2/M2, which the Government announced in March 2005 would not be tolled, allows thousands of commuters and hauliers to avoid the town, which has become a major bottleneck for traffic heading south from County Donegal, County Londonderry, County Tyrone, County Monaghan, County Louth and the rest of County Meath. The South Ashbourne Interchange, a large junction taking traffic on and off the N2 near the Nine Mile Stone, allows non-stop transferral of traffic to and from Ashbourne and its new by-pass. Phase II of the M50 upgrade, opened in 2010, links the N2 to the M50 at exit 5 with a partial freeflow junction, meaning most traffic transferring from the M50 to the N2 and vice versa does not have to stop (traffic lights remain where traffic from the M50 southbound meets traffic from the N2 southbound).
Bus Éireann has not offered any express services using the new road, as expected when it first opened, and continue to use the old (R135) road for most services until Kilshane, where the R135 has an exit to the Dublin Airport Logistics Park and the N2. There is an informal, non-timetable Bus Éireann 103 service that occasionally runs via the M2 from Dublin to Ashbourne and the 107 Dublin-Navan-Kingscourt service also uses the M2 for an evening coach service at 5.40pm, leaving the M2 at Ashbourne South (exit 3) before continuing via the R135 and N2 north of Ashbourne towards Kentstown and Navan. 
Dublin Bus use the N2 as far as Cherryhound (exit 2) for their 88N Nitelink service to Ashbourne
1916 Rising Monument.
According to Ríocht na Mídhe, the journal of the Meath Archaeological and Historical Society, on the 28th April 1916 a group of Fingal Volunteers estimated to number 45 men, under the command of Thomas Ashe, a national school teacher in Lusk, and second in command Richard Mulcahy, attacked the Royal Irish Constabulary barracks at Ashbourne. The barracks was usually manned by a sergeant and four constables but given the level of fighting in the Capital, reinforcements had been called in from surrounding barracks and so on the day of the attack there were 10 RIC men stationed there. 
The rebels advanced on the barracks disarming two RIC men who were setting up a barricade outside the barracks. With these two men disarmed and captured, Ashe called on the remaining officers to surrender and immediately a siege situation turned into a shoot out. With little sign of capitulation on the RIC's part it is believed the use of a home-made grenade resulted in them offering to surrender by waving a white handkerchief. 
However before they could emerge the hoot of a car horn was heard to the north west. County Inspector Alexander Grey must have received word of the siege as he assembled between 54 and 67 men at Slane in 17 motorcars which were rushed to Ashbourne to put down the uprising. The rebels spread out and rushed along the Slane road to stop the convoy reaching Rath Cross and spreading out. The RIC reinforcements took heavy fire from the rebels from all sides. The firefight lasted many hours before volunteer reinforcements arrived from Baldwinstown. The RIC eventually surrendered to the volunteers. However given that the uprising in Dublin had been put down the Fingal volunteers eventually gave themselves up two days later. Thomas Ashe was sentenced to death for his part in the attack, but this was later commuted to penal servitude for life.
The uprising at Ashbourne was not seen favourably at the time with the Meath Chronicle calling it a "tragic blunder". Navan Urban District Council passed resolutions of sympathy. A number of local catholic priests (Curragha & Ratoath) also spoke out against the attack. However condemnation turned into sympathy with the execution of the a number of prominent 1916 rebels who had fought in Dublin.
President of Ireland, Sean T. O'Kelly unveiled a memorial at Rath Cross Roads, Ashbourne,on Easter Sunday, April 26, 1959 which commemorates the Battle of Ashbourne. The story was covered on the front page of the Irish Times the next day. The memorial designed by Con O'Reilly and Peter Grant commemorates the Battle and John Crenigan and Thomas Rafferty who were killed. The monument has two images on one side the figure is in the form of Christ on the other side is a rebel. This monument is known locally as The Rath Cross.
It bears the following inscription;
"ERECTED BY THE MEMBERS OF THE FINGAL BRIGADE OLD IRA TO COMMEMORATE THE VICTORIOUS BATTLE WHICH TOOK PLACE NEAR ASHBOURNE 28 APRIL 1916 WHERE VOLUNTEERS JOHN CRENIGAN & THOMAS RAFFERTY GAVE THEIR LIVES DESIGNED FROM THE POEM "LET ME CARRY YOUR CROSS FOR IRELAND LORD" COMPOSED BY THEIR LEADER COMMANDANT THOMAS ASHE"
Parish.
The Roman Catholic parish of Ashbourne extends south to Newtown Commons, east to Greenoge, north to Rath and west to Harlockstown. The Church of the Immaculate Conception is located in the centre of the town. In 1981, the parish was joined to Donaghmore, which has its own church to the south-east of Ashbourne. The parish currently has two priests. The Parish priest is Fr. Derek Darby. Fr. Michael Hynes came in September 2013 replacing Fr. Jim Lynch who moved to Kentstown Parish. The Parish has a very strong community supporting them.

</doc>
<doc id="18802803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802803" title="Moose Baxter">
Moose Baxter

John Morris "Moose" Baxter (July 27, 1876 – August 7, 1926) was a Major League Baseball player. Baxter played for the St. Louis Cardinals in the season. He played in only six games in his single season career, with four hits in 21 at-bats.
Baxter was born in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin and died in Portland, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="18802804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802804" title="Orvis Road Historic District">
Orvis Road Historic District

Orvis Road Historic District is a historic district between Massachusetts Ave., Freeman, Randolph and Newcomb Streets on Orvis Road in Arlington, Massachusetts. The district contains 25 residences built circa 1920-1930 as part of a unified development plan. Houses include bungalows and two-family homes. Orvis Road itself includes a grassy median area planted with oak and maple trees. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802808" title="Cybotron">
Cybotron

"Cybotron" can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18802814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802814" title="Raimondi">
Raimondi

Raimondi is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18802820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802820" title="Pierce Farm Historic District">
Pierce Farm Historic District

Pierce Farm Historic District is a small historic district in the Arlington Heights neighborhood of Arlington, Massachusetts.
The district features three houses that are in a transitional style between Federal and Greek Revival styles, dating from the 1830s. The houses are located at 122 and 123 Claremont Avenue, and 178 Oakland Avenue.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802821" title="Tora hartebeest">
Tora hartebeest

The tora hartebeest (Alcelaphus buselaphus tora) is an extremely endangered antelope, native to Eritrea and Ethiopia. It has possibly been extirpated from Sudan. One of the most critically endangered large mammals in the world, it is threatened by poaching and habitat loss. Perhaps fewer than 250 individuals remain in the wild and there is no captive population, as little to no action has been taken to preserve them.

</doc>
<doc id="18802840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802840" title="1947 Chatham Cup">
1947 Chatham Cup

The 1947 Chatham Cup was the 20th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with regional associations each holding separate qualifying rounds. Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included North Shore United, Waterside (Wellington), Wanganui Old Boys, St. Andrews (Manawatu), Technical Old Boys (Christchurch), Northern Hearts (Timaru), Mosgiel, and Invercargill Thistle.
The 1947 final.
Bob Bolton, Toby Janes, and Tom Walker became the first players to play in four winning sides, having previously played for Waterside in the 1938, 1939, and 1940 finals. Waterside dominated the final, but no goals were scored in the first period. In the second half, Mark Bell scored for Waterside, only to have Colin Bailey equalise before the final whistle. The only goal of extra time came through Waterside's Toby Janes.

</doc>
<doc id="18802857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802857" title="Bryan Gilfillan">
Bryan Gilfillan

Bryan James Gilfillan (born 14 September 1984 in Cardenden, Fife), is a football midfielder currently playing for Peterhead in the Scottish Football League Third Division, on loan from Clyde. He has previously represented Northern Ireland at under-21 level.
Gilfillan began his career with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in 2000, where he made a handful of substitute appearances before a loan spell at Brora Rangers in 2001. He later moved to Gretna, scoring 6 goals in 21 appearances, in a season that saw Gretna promoted to Division Two as Scottish Third Division 2004-05 champions. After a short spell at Stranraer and two years with Peterhead, Gilfillan went to Australia to play for Sunshine Coast in the Queensland State League. He returned to Scotland in December 2008, signing for Annan Athletic, but is scheduled to go back to Australia in February 2009.
Although he was born in Scotland, Gilfillan's mother's family come from Northern Ireland, and he was first called up their under-21 team in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18802859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802859" title="Honto wa ne">
Honto wa ne


</doc>
<doc id="18802875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802875" title="John Travers (actor)">
John Travers (actor)

John Travers (born 31 January 1989) is an actor from Belfast, Northern Ireland. 
He was best known from his role in the "Song for a Raggy Boy" and "48 Angels". His role as Liam Mercier (lead boy) in "Song for a Raggy Boy" is probably the most notable achievement so far. This role had won the audience award at Normandy film festival specialising in the best British and Irish recent releases as well as other 17 awards along the way. 
In 2007, he starred with Mischa Barton in one of world drama movie, Closing the Ring. His recent role as Young Michel Quinlan (Pete Postlethwaite in older version) in "Closing the Ring" had brought this young man from Belfast (his hometown) to international eyes.
In 2008, John was in Peacefire. In the movie which was directed by Macdara Vallely, John took the lead role for the first time.
Filmography.
John travers 11/3/12 st Johns warf

</doc>
<doc id="18802880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802880" title="The Big Cube">
The Big Cube

The Big Cube is a 1969 Warner Bros. thriller directed by Tito Davison and starring Lana Turner, Karin Mossberg (in her first and only role), George Chakiris, Daniel O'Herlihy and Richard Egan; it was one of Lana Turner's last movies. It is notable for its aggressive portrayal of LSD use and the 1960s youth counterculture as vicious evils.
Plot.
Adriana Roman (Lana Turner), a successful stage actress, retires to marry Charles Winthrop (Daniel O'Herlihy), a wealthy tycoon. Winthrop's daughter, Lisa (Karin Mossberg), is instantly distrustful of Adriana solely because she is "the other woman" taking her father's affection.
Charles is killed in a boating accident, which also leads to Adriana suffering from a concussion. Lisa's new boyfriend Johnny Allen (George Chakiris), a womanizing, fortune-hunting medical student, capitalizes on that distrust to persuade Lisa that her father's death was murder, a charge exacerbated by Adriana's threat -- as per her late husband's instructions as laid out in his will, for which Adriana is executor -- to disinherit Lisa if she marries Johnny.
Johnny conspires with Lisa to lace Adriana's prescribed sedatives with enough LSD to drive her insane. In addition, while Adriana is having LSD-induced hallucinations, they plan on playing pre-recorded subliminal messages to further drive her crazy.
Johnny intends to kill Adriana by adding a recorded message to open the window and jump. Lisa is unaware of his scheme. As Adriana is about to jump to her probable death, Lisa saves her. While still unaware of Johnny's true intent, Lisa continues with their plan and Adriana is committed to a mental hospital, where they have Adriana declared legally insane and thus unable to carry out her obligations in Charles' will.
After their wedding, Johnny demonstrates that he doesn't really love Lisa by openly seducing other women, most notably Lisa's free-spirited best friend, Bibi (Pamela Rodgers). Johnny bribes Lisa to divorce him by providing a $100,000 settlement in return for keeping silent about what they did to Adriana. Lisa does divorce him, but instead of succumbing to Johnny's threats, she decides to come clean to Frederick Lansdale (Richard Egan), a playwright friend of Adriana's who has always loved her himself, about what she and Johnny did. By this time, Adriana is suffering from amnesia, she still believing that Charles is alive.
Frederick decides to write a play detailing Adriana's traumatic experiences and casts her in the lead role. He hopes that replaying her experience on stage will cure her. By the opening performance, Adriana has glimpses from her memory of what has happened, not fully realizing what those fleeting thoughts are.
By the climactic third act of the play, which details the taped recorded subliminal messages Lisa and Johnny played during Adriana's hallucinations, Frederick decides to play the actual recordings with Lisa and Johnny's voices. This brings Adriana back to reality. She recognizes the voices and the fact that Lisa and Johnny use her real name as opposed to her character's name in the play. Lisa rushes onto the stage, admitting to Adriana what she and Johnny did. In a rage, Adriana slaps Lisa across the face.
The play and Adriana's performance are a huge hit, Adriana and Frederick are about to be married, and Lisa has reconciled with Adriana. Meanwhile, Johnny has begun taking his own LSD while being shunned by his so-called friends. He is last seen crumpled on the ground in a drug-induced stupor.
DVD release.
"The Big Cube" was released in 2007 as part of Volume 2 of Warner Brothers' Cult Camp Classic's "Women in Peril" series, a three-part series that included John Cromwell's "Caged" and the film that gave Joan Crawford her last starring role, Freddie Francis' "Trog".

</doc>
<doc id="18802919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802919" title="Wave shoaling">
Wave shoaling

In fluid dynamics, wave shoaling is the effect by which surface waves entering shallower water increase in wave height (which is about twice the amplitude). It is caused by the fact that the group velocity, which is also the wave-energy transport velocity, decreases with the reduction of water depth. Under stationary conditions, this decrease in transport speed must be compensated by an increase in energy density in order to maintain a constant energy flux. Shoaling waves will also exhibit a reduction in wavelength while the frequency remains constant.
In shallow water and parallel depth contours, non-breaking waves will increase in wave height as the wave packet enters shallower water. This is particularly evident for tsunamis as they wax in height when approaching a coastline, with devastating results.
Mathematics.
For non-breaking waves, the energy flux associated with the wave motion, which is the product of the wave energy density with the group velocity, between two wave rays is a conserved quantity (i.e. a constant when following the energy of a wave packet from one location to another). Under stationary conditions the total energy transport must be constant along the wave ray,
where "s" is the co-ordinate along the wave ray and formula_2 is the energy flux per unit crest length. A decrease in group speed formula_3 must be compensated by an increase in energy density "E". This can be formulated as a shoaling coefficient relative to the wave height in deep water.
Let us follow Phillips (1977) 
and 
Mei (1989) and denote the phase of a wave ray as 
The local wave number vector is the gradient of the phase function, 
and the angular frequency is proportional to its local rate of change, 
Simplifying to one dimension and cross-differentiating it is now easily seen that the above definitions indicate simply that the rate of change of wavenumber is balanced by the convergence of the frequency along a ray; 
Assuming stationary conditions (formula_8), this implies that wave crests are conserved and the frequency must remain constant along a wave ray as formula_9.
As waves enter shallower waters, the decrease in group velocity caused by the reduction in water depth leads to a reduction in wave length formula_10 because the nondispersive shallow water limit of the dispersion relation for the wave phase speed, 
dictates that 
i.e., a steady increase in "k" (decrease in formula_13) as the phase speed decreases under constant formula_14.

</doc>
<doc id="18802928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802928" title="Bahamas in the American Civil War">
Bahamas in the American Civil War

Although a territory of the British Empire, during the American Civil War, the Bahamas were affected by the great conflict. Much as in the age of pirates the Bahamas were a haven for the swashbucklers, between 1861 to 1865 the Bahamas were a haven for blockade runners aligned with the Confederate States of America. Although Florida is still only 55 miles away, the state had few ports of any real consequence at the time. Hence, blockade runners would make their trips from Nassau to Charleston, South Carolina, the largest Confederate port on the Atlantic Coast.
Grand Bahama Island was losing population throughout the 19th century, in favor of Nassau. With the beginning of the Civil War in 1861, the population of the area doubled, due to the actions of the blockade runners.
In Nassau, things would also be altered by the war. The first blockade runner docked at Nassau on December 5, 1861. By the end of the war, 397 ships sailed from the Confederacy to Nassau, and 588 went from Nassau to the Confederacy. The newly built Grand Victoria Hotel was meant to have Americans arrive as tourists, but instead the Americans that visited it were blockade runners. Every night the runners would hold parties celebrating their most recent successes past the Union Navy. Also to be seen at the hotel were Union spies, Confederate officers, and reporters. In 1860 Nassau imports were valued at £234,029, and exports were worth £157,350. At 1864, at the pinnacle of trade from the South to Nassau, imports were valued at £5,346,112, and exports at £4,672,398.
A blockade runner would take cotton from Charleston to Nassau, a distance of 560 miles away, and a sailing time of 48 hours. As the Union had a blockade around all Southern ports, blockade runners had to be fast. Blockade runners would trade the cotton at Nassau for British goods, with the cotton eventually finding its way to British cotton mills. 
After the war ended, the Bahamas would fall into hard times that it would not recover from until another period of American turmoil hit; Prohibition. In this case, Scotch whisky was what went to the United States, and as when the war ended, when Prohibition ended, so too did the Bahamas' fortunes.
A considerable number of Bahamians can trace their ancestry back to Southerners who left the States both before and during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="18802941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802941" title="George Mallaby">
George Mallaby

George Mallaby may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18802968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802968" title="Sex on Fire">
Sex on Fire

"Sex on Fire" is the first single released from American Alternative Rock band Kings of Leon's fourth studio album "Only by the Night". The song gave Kings of Leon their first number-one single in Australia, Finland, Ireland and the United Kingdom, charting at the top-spot on digital downloads alone in the latter country, before its physical release. In September 2009 it was Britain's second most-downloaded digital single ever. The song has sold 1.2 million copies in the United Kingdom as of November 2012. It has also gained significant popularity in the band's native United States, reaching number one on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart and number fifty six on the Billboard Hot 100, making it their second highest charting song in their homeland on the former chart. Along with all of these achievements, in 2008, the song earned the band their first Grammy nominations. The song was nominated for Best Rock Song, and won the award for Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group. In addition, the album earned a nomination for Best Rock Album. Channel V Australia named the song as the third biggest hit of 2008. It was voted number one in Triple J Hottest 100 countdown for 2008. Following the success of the follow-up single "Use Somebody" in the United States on pop radio, the track was re-serviced to U.S. pop radio in November. Remixes of both songs were used for the runway soundtrack in the 2009 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.
Composition.
In an interview with Robbie, Marieke and the Doctor on Australian radio station Triple J, Nathan Followill explained that the band never intended the song to be named "Sex on Fire".
"They were totally different lyrics. Depending on whether a song starts with a melody or starts with lyrics, you know if it starts with a melody you just keep playing the melody over and over until you get it down and just throw in any lyrics that fit the verbal flow. It was actually going to be "Set Us on Fire", but one of the sound mixers in the studio walked in as we were playing and said, "Sex on Fire", huh?" And it just kind of became a running joke, and we stuck with it.".
Nathan also said that some lyrics tried were "Socks on Fire", "Snatch on Fire" and "Cocks on Fire".
The song is played in the key of E Major at a tempo of 153bpm. The vocal range is B3-G#4.
Critical reception.
The song has received generally positive reviews. "Digital Spy" rated the song four stars out of five, describing it as "A truly stirring single that will be a definite highlight on their winter arena tour." "The Sun" also praised the song, saying it is "another of the latest album’s genuinely great and grand numbers." Planet Sound also rated the song 9/10. However, Caleb Followill originally thought the song was "terrible"; according to Spin Magazine it was almost ditched during recording. Despite giving the album a 4 out of 5, Spin thought the song was 'silly'. 
Music reviews blog Urbanite Youth described the song as "a rather generic rock single" but did praise Caleb Followill for his vocal talents. This song was number 40 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008. This song is used for the trailer of the 2009 movie "Stay Cool".
Music video.
The director of the music video for "Sex on Fire" was Sophie Muller. As of January 2014, the video has over 82 million views on YouTube. At the end of the video, Caleb opens his mouth and smoke starts coming out of his mouth. In the video, the band is seen playing in the next room at an abandoned factory. Some of the scenes in the video shows Caleb's brothers holding Caleb, who is untied to a soft mattress, Nathan washing his hair in a black water tub, Matthew explaining to Nathan and Jared about Caleb and also Matthew eating a chicken wing and Caleb looking at strange shadows while lying on a soft mattress. 
Chart performance.
In the United Kingdom, "Sex on Fire" entered at number one on the UK Singles Chart on September 14, 2008 ― for the week ending date September 20, 2008 ― and went on to an unbroken forty two weeks on the chart, only dropping out due to the surge in sales of Michael Jackson titles immediately after his death, but after a two-week absence it was back for another thirty seven weeks, re-entering the top ten of the UK Singles Chart at number six in September 2009.
In Germany, the single debuted at number ninety seven on the German Singles Chart, and began to rise and fall in the next several weeks. In its thirty second week on the chart, the song finally reached its peak of number thirty three. As of February 2011, the song was on the chart for sixty weeks, a huge effort for a single that did not reach the top twenty. In February 2011, due to the long stay on the German Singles Chart, the single got certificated with Gold for more than 150,000 copies sold.
Cover versions.
A high energy dance cover of the song was recorded by chart topping British dance star Tina Cousins and was released worldwide by Sony Music in November 2010. The video was filmed in Brussels, Belgium in October 2010 and has attracted attention for its sexually explicit scenes. Cousins has described the video as the 'raciest' of her career. In 2010, the song was performed by Westlife on their Where We Are Tour. "Sex on Fire" was also covered by 2010 "X Factor Australia" winner Altiyan Childs for his self-titled debut album.
Sugarland recorded a live version for their album Live on the Inside.
British post-hardcore band Fightstar covered the song during a recorded acoustic set for The Sun
Beyoncé Knowles performed this song at the 2011 Glastonbury Festival as part of her 90-minute set on the last day of the festival on June 26, 2011. She was later praised for her cover by Kings Of Leon.
Hamish and Andy performed three different versions of the song advertising different businesses like Jim's Mowing and Beaurepairs.
Nuke The Moon Mash-Ups, made a mashup with song Miley Cyrus's "We Can't Stop" and Kings of Leon's Sex on Fire, uploaded in YouTube September 22, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18802973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802973" title="Florin Fodor">
Florin Fodor

Florin Fodor (born 1974) is a citizen of Romania who made several attempts to enter Canada illegally.
Fodor was first deported from Canada in 2000.
He was deported again in 2006, when he is reported to have been returning to family in Canada.
According to Royal Canadian Mounted Police Corporal Tim Waters, Fodor's attempt to enter Canada by water, from Greenland, was unprecedented—and dangerous.
Fodor left Sisimiut, Greenland on September 11, 2006, in a 20 foot fiberglass boat he purchased there. 
He arrived at Grise Fiord eight days later, on September 18, 2006.
When Fodor arrived in Grise Fiord he was almost out of food, and had only five litres of fuel left.
Fodor pled guilty in November 2006 to two charges of violating Canada's Immigration Act. 
He was sentenced to seven and half months of detention.
Justice Lise Maisonneuve ruled that Fodor should be deported when his sentence was complete.
The "Ottawa Citizen" reported that Fodor was a convicted drug dealer.
In January 2009 the police in Hertfordshire, United Kingdom, listed Florin Fodor for failing to appear in court for drug charges.
According to the Herfordshire Police he is from Great Halingbury Manor, Bishop's Stortford, and he failed to appear on September 8, 2008.
Nunavut's Premier, Eva Aariak, cited Grise Fjord's apprehension of Fodor in a speech she delivered to the Nunavut Legislature on February 19, 2009.
Federal Ministers Chuck Strahl and Leona Aglukkaq were guests of the Legislature. In her speech Aariak cited Fodor's example as a demonstration of how important the people of Nunavut were to protecting Canadian sovereignty.

</doc>
<doc id="18802983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802983" title="Kootenay West (provincial electoral district)">
Kootenay West (provincial electoral district)

Kootenay West is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It came into effect in the ensuing election.
The riding is seen as a safe NDP seat; the party has won 9 out of the last 10 elections. Before the NDP victory in 1972, the riding voted consistently for Social Credit. 
Member of Legislative Assembly.
On account of the realignment of electoral boundaries, most incumbents did not represent the entirety of their listed district during the preceding legislative term. Its MLA incumbent is Katrine Conroy, British Columbia New Democratic Party initially elected during the 2005 election to the West Kootenay-Boundary riding in British Columbia, Canada. Before 2001, the bulk of this riding was part of the Rossland-Trail riding. 
Election results.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|16,837
!align="right"|100%
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
! style="text-align:right;" colspan="3"|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|18,193
!align="right"|100%
! style="text-align:right;" colspan="3"|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|88
!align="right"|0.48%
! style="text-align:right;" colspan="3"|Turnout
!align="right"|18,281
!align="right"|59.10%

</doc>
<doc id="18802998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802998" title="Serhiy Pivnenko">
Serhiy Pivnenko

Serhiy Pivnenko (born 19 October 1984) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="18802999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802999" title="Reunion with James Brolin">
Reunion with James Brolin

Reunion was a syndicated American reality television series that ran from 1990 to 1991. 
In the series, people were reunited in various situations, from long-lost friends and loves to missing children and parents. Also featured humorous reunions between celebrities, sports figures and other personalities. The shows forte was reuniting people who were adopted with their biological parents.
The show was hosted by Michael Gold, Alanna Davis and James Brolin.

</doc>
<doc id="18803017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803017" title="Floyd's Station, Kentucky">
Floyd's Station, Kentucky

Floyd's Station was a fort on Beargrass Creek in what is now St. Matthews, Kentucky. In November of 1779 James John Floyd built cabins and a stockade near what is now Breckenridge Lane. In 1783, John Floyd, future Governor of Virginia was born in the Station. The pioneer father was killed by Indians twelve days before the birth. The station was one of six on Beargrass Creek and was involved in local conflict with native Americans in the area for the next five years. All that remain today of Floyd's Station are a spring house and cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18803021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803021" title="Vancouver-False Creek">
Vancouver-False Creek

Vancouver-False Creek is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada. The current MLA is Sam Sullivan of the BC Liberals. Established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008", Vancouver-False Creek was first contested in the 2009 British Columbia general election. 
The riding takes in most of Downtown Vancouver and the area around the north shore of False Creek, including Yaletown.

</doc>
<doc id="18803033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803033" title="Vancouver-West End">
Vancouver-West End

Vancouver-West End is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It was contested for the first time in the 2009 election.
Prior to 2009, the riding was part of Vancouver-Burrard.

</doc>
<doc id="18803049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803049" title="Georges-C. Lachance">
Georges-C. Lachance

Georges-C. Lachance (born 11 January 1926 at Montreal, Quebec) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a lawyer by career.
He was first elected at the Lafontaine riding in
the 1962 general election, then re-elected there in the 1963, 1965, 1968 and 1972 elections. After completing his term in May 1974 for the 29th Canadian Parliament, Lachance left federal office and did not campaign in future federal elections.
Claude-André Lachance, his son, served as a Member of Parliament from 1974 to 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18803053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803053" title="Wilfred Hawker">
Wilfred Hawker

Wilfred Hawker (died 13 March 1982) was a sergeant-major in the Surinamese military who staged two unsuccessful coup d'états in 1982. Hawker was executed for his role in the plots, and he is the most recent person legally executed by Suriname, although the extrajudicial December murders occurred later in 1982.
In February 1980, Dési Bouterse gained control of Suriname after staging a successful coup. Hawker was a member of the sixteen associates around Bouterse that assisted him in gaining power. In August, Bouterse dissolved parliament and declared a state of emergency. Hawker, who disagreed with these actions, led a right-wing, Hindustani-inspired uprising against Bouterse's régime, which began on 15 March 1981. The coup failed and Hawker was imprisoned.
On 11 March 1982, Hawker escaped from prison in the midst of another failed coup, this one led by Surendre Rambocus. Hawker was injured in the escape and was taken to a military hospital. Hawker was arrested in the hospital by Bouterse's soldiers and taken by stretcher to Fort Zeelandia, where he was summarily tried and condemned to death for treason. Hawker was executed by firing squad before a live Surinamese television broadcast.
In November 2007, Surinamese military judge Dhanoesdharie Nankoesing was pressured to resign after the Dutch periodical "Obsession" published a photograph of Nankoesing holding a rifle and speaking with Hawker on the stretcher at Fort Zeelandia. Nankoesing denied any involvement in Hawker's trial or executions, stating that he was simply a Surinamese soldier and was carrying a weapon like all soldiers do.

</doc>
<doc id="18803058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803058" title="Abbotsford South">
Abbotsford South

Abbotsford South is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It came into effect in the B.C. General Election 2009.
Member of Legislative Assembly.
On account of the realignment of electoral boundaries, most incumbents did not represent the entirety of their listed district during the preceding legislative term. John van Dongen, British Columbia Liberal Party was initially elected during a 1995 election to the Abbotsford-Clayburn riding and has represented them ever since. He successful ran for re-election in the newly created riding of Abbotsford South.
Election results.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"| 20,035
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|16,360 
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="18803085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803085" title="Surrey-Fleetwood">
Surrey-Fleetwood

Surrey-Fleetwood is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It will come into effect upon the next dissolution of the BC Legislature, currently scheduled for April 2009, and will first be contested in the ensuing election. Surrey Fleetwood is an amalgamation of mostly Surrey-Tynehead along with portions of Surrey-Green Timbers, Surrey-Newton and Surrey-Cloverdale.
Member of Legislative Assembly.
On account of the realignment of electoral boundaries, most incumbents did not represent the entirety of their listed district during the preceding legislative term. Dave Hayer, British Columbia Liberal Party was initially elected during the 2001 election and 2005 election to the Surrey-Tynehead riding. Jagrup Brar of the New Democrats was elected in the 2009 election in this newly re-districted riding.
Election results.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|17,350
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="18803105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803105" title="2008 Road America 500">
2008 Road America 500

The 2008 Generac 500 at Road America presented by Time Warner Cable was the seventh round of the 2008 American Le Mans Series season. It took place at Road America, Wisconsin on August 9, 2008.
Race results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 70% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="18803112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803112" title="Coquitlam-Burke Mountain">
Coquitlam-Burke Mountain

Coquitlam-Burke Mountain is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It was first contested in the 2009 election in which Liberal, Douglas Horne was elected its first MLA.
Election results.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|19,583
!align="right"|100.00
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"| 
!align="right"| 
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"| 
!align="right"| 
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|15,210
!align="right"|100%
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|133
!align="right"|0.87%
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|15,343
!align="right"|48.87%
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="18803131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803131" title="Nanaimo-North Cowichan">
Nanaimo-North Cowichan

Nanaimo-North Cowichan is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It is represented by Doug Routley (British Columbia New Democratic Party).

</doc>
<doc id="18803133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803133" title="Daishōji Domain">
Daishōji Domain

In the han system, Daishōji was a political and economic abstraction based on periodic cadastral surveys and projected agricultural yields. In other words, the domain was defined in terms of "kokudaka", not land area. This was different from the feudalism of the West.
History.
The center of the domain was at Daishōji "jin'ya" in what is today the city of Kaga in Ishikawa Prefecture.
List of daimyo.
The hereditary daimyo were head of the clan and head of the domain. Daishōji was ruled by a cadet branch of the Maeda clan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18803145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803145" title="Mechanized Attack">
Mechanized Attack

Easter Egg.
The NES version has an actual nude code for one screen in the game. On the System Construction Screen, the player can cause a female figure to undress herself by certain inputs.

</doc>
<doc id="18803146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803146" title="Merrell">
Merrell

Merrell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18803160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803160" title="Fire of Heaven">
Fire of Heaven

Fire of Heaven is a fantasy trilogy by Russell Kirkpatrick. Its three volumes are "Across the Face of the World", "In the Earth abides the Flame" (both published in 2004) and "The Right Hand of God" (published 2005).
Synopsis.
"Across the Face of the World".
A prologue reveals Kannwar the Destroyer as he finalises his plans to invade and conquer the continent of Faltha. He muses on the torture-extracted confessions of a captured Dhaurian spy, who spoke of the plan of the Most High to save Faltha. These plans centre on the "Right Hand", a mysterious entity, perhaps a person. The Destroyer plans to turn this Right Hand to evil, setting him up as a puppet ruler over Faltha.
The story proper opens in Loulea, a small village and farming community at the western extremity of Faltha in the Kingdom of Firanes. Among Loulea's inhabitants is Leith Mahnumsen, a shy and introspective boy 16 years old, who lives with his mother Indrett and older (adopted) brother Hal. His father, Mahnum, was sent away on a spying mission two years earlier and never returned. The family as a whole is not held in high esteem in Loulea, consisting as it does of an (apparent) widow, Hal, who is crippled, and Leith, who is widely perceived as immature; Indrett is exasperated at the condescension of her fellow-villagers. Leith himself misses his father, but is also angry with him because Mahnum has apparently abandoned his family. He is also attracted to a village girl, Stella Pellwen. In the leadup to the Midwinter Festival, Leith finds himself doing odd jobs around the village, especially helping Kurr, an elderly farmer in the district. To his surprise and delight, Leith is selected to play the Summer character in the Midwinter Play, along with Stella. On the day of the Midwinter Festival, at the end of the Play, Mahnum returns from his long journey - and immediately takes Leith and the rest of the family home.
Once in their house, Mahnum relates his story to them. He was sent to Bhrudwo by the King of Firanes, who had heard rumours about an impending invasion. Captured by servants of the Lords of Fear, the elite military unit of the Bhrudwan army, he was taken to Andratan, the Destroyer's island fortress. There he was tortured and interrogated about the Right Hand, told of a vast and intricate plan to invade and conquer Faltha, in which many Falthan courtiers and officials and even kings were already complicit, including the Regent of Firanes, and finally returned to the cells marked for death. He escaped with the assistance of a Bhrudwan, Vaniyo, who, apparently angry at the prospect of no reward, later betrayed him to the Lords of Fear. For the next year, Mahnum fled across Bhrudwo and Faltha, trying - but never succeeding - to shake their pursuit; having finally arrived home, he now plans to take his family into exile, hoping to keep Loulea safe from the ruthless Lords. They agree, and plan to leave in secret the very next morning.
But during the night, the four Lords of Fear who have chased Mahnum arrive at their house. They abduct Mahnum and Indrett, and knock both Leith and Hal out before setting fire to their home.
The Haufuth, Loulea's village chief, is awakened by the departing Lords in time to rescue Leith and Hal from the flames. Hearing their story, and aware that with traitors everywhere secrecy is of paramount importance, he stages their funerals, then seeks the advice of the old farmer Kurr, who has revealed that he is in fact a Watcher, a member of a centuries-old secret society dedicated to opposing a Bhrudwan invasion. Together with Leith and Hal, the Haufuth and Kurr concoct a desperate plan: they will pursue the Lords of Fear, rescue Mahnum and Indrett, and if possible capture one of the Lords, take him to Instruere and there, with an elite Bhrudwan soldier as evidence, alert the Council of Faltha to the approaching invasion. They are at this point surprised by Stella, who is herself shocked to see Leith and Hal alive; in order to avoid tales, they take Stella with them in their pursuit. Stella agrees to this, as it allows her to escape an impending marriage to the cruel Druin.
Setting out on their pursuit, they first visit Kroptur, Kurr's mentor among the Watchers, a prophet and master of illusions. He introduces them to the "Way of Fire", supernatural power which may be used for good or evil. They continue to the town of Mjolkbridge, where they encounter Farr and Wira Storrsen, brothers whose father was killed by the Lords of Fear as they travelled east. They allow the Storrsen brothers to accompany them, with dual reason being to provide them with some 'proper' protection (being healthy young men) and to allow them to seek revenge on behalf of their father. This group, which more often becomes referred to as 'the Company', receives a very cold welcome at the town of Windrise, but hire a townsman, Kaupa, as a guide across the high moors; Kaupa betrays them, leading them into an ambush of several ruffians from Windrise. The ambush fails, ending in the death of Kaupa and several other attackers.
The Company continues onto the high and exposed Breidhan Moor, where snow, ice and bitter weather make travel slow and arduous. They are soon captured by a band of Fenni, "losian" inhabitants of the high plateaux, among whom they find Perdu, a lost cousin of Farr and Wira. Farr is surprised and scandalised that Perdu has chosen to remain among the Fenni, and his intemperate outbursts provoke a scuffle. The Company is apprehended and tried; Farr is sentenced to slavery or death, while the others are ordered to abandon their journey, and Perdu is exiled. In desperation, the Company attempt an escape, which is connived at by the tribal chief and priest, who believe the stars show the upcoming conflict with Bhrudwo and the pivotal role of the Company. They are secretly allowed to go, accompanied by Perdu, who is to free Parlevaag, a Fenni tribeswoman kidnapped by the Lords of Fear as they passed through; and they trade their horses for an aurochs, a far better beast of burden for their journey across the moors.
They travel for many days through mountainous country. During this time, Stella and Wira gradually become romantically interested in each other; Leith discovers that Wira is an alcoholic and that Farr is blackmailing him, but keeps that knowledge to himself. They at last catch up with the Bhrudwans, who have awaited their arrival at the Maelstrom, a narrow gorge where a river enters a sinkhole in a whirlpool. There, they turn the tables on the Bhrudwans, and Stella, riding the aurochs, knocks one of the Lords of Fear into the river, where he perishes in the whirlpool. The three remaining Lords of Fear withdraw with their captives, and the Company resume their pursuit, following the Bhrudwans to Roleystone Bridge, at the very edge of the mountains; there, they find to their amazement that the Bhrudwans have destroyed the bridge and their road is blocked.
While debating their course, they are surprised by a group of Fodhram, woodsmen and fur-trappers of Withwestwa Wood. The Fodhram agree to take the Company by forest trails to Vindstrop House, the next town on the Westway, hoping that the Lords of Fear will be delayed by the spring thaw, in return for assistance carrying their furs to market. Before setting out, they visit the Hermit, a mysterious man who dwells in a nearby cave; defying their expectations, he turns out to be an imposing middle-aged man with a gift for prophecy. He predicts greatness for Leith, and offers two signs to support his claims, but is upbraided by Hal, who questions the appropriateness of his timing. That night, Leith awakes to see Hal offering the Hermit, who is asleep, a chance to obey the Most High; when the Hermit agrees as though in a dream, Hal appears to Leith to grow a pair of insect wings, and does something to the Hermit's body. The next morning, the Hermit is found dangerously ill, with infected fly bites, and Leith is troubled and begins to mistrust Hal. The Fodhram and the Company set off, leaving the Haufuth, who is to nurse the Hermit back to health before following them to Instruere.
The Company's journey through the woods is largely uneventful. Leith witnesses the two signs spoken to him by the Hermit. Later, Leith and Stella spend a night together, stranded on the ice of a frozen lake. After passing the dangerous Mossbank Cadence, the Company and the Fodhram arrive in Vindstrop House. Meanwhile, the Lords of Fear and their captives are caught in the spring thaw. The Company, heading back along the Westway, set up an ambush on the slopes of the volcano Steffl. In the ambush, two of the three remaining Lords of Fear are killed, and the last, an acolyte, is captured. But Wira is killed, and Leith, temporarily separated from the rest of the Company, is kidnapped by a Widuz raiding party. "To be continued..."
"In the Earth Abides the Flame".
The prologue reveals the current status of Deorc, Keeper of Andratan, which discusses some unknown plan kept secret from the Destroyer's own.
Continuing on from the previous book, the Company have just entered Instruere after having been pursued by the Widuz, being saved only by the sacrifice of Parlevaag. Distraught, there they reunite with Leith, and acquaint for the first time with Phemenderac.
People and places.
General.
With a few exceptions, the books are set on the continent of Faltha, which forms the north-western part of a large landmass (possibly a supercontinent) of unknown extent. Parts of the narrative occur in Bhrudwo, the north-eastern part of the same landmass.
Faltha.
In the widest (geographical) sense, Faltha is a large continent in the north-western part of the known world. It is roughly analogous to Europe. Geographically, like Europe it is bounded on the east by mountains, rather than by a coastline; the culture and characteristics of many of its inhabitants also resemble those of medieval Europe.
In a narrower political and cultural sense, Faltha is a loose federation of sixteen Kingdoms, each of which was founded by the First Men who were exiled from the Vale of Dona Mihst and their descendants.
Geography and climate.
The geography of Faltha is widely varied.
Faltha is bordered on the east by mountains: the Aldhras in the north, and the Armatura in the south. The Aldhras are Faltha's highest mountain range. Between these two mountain ranges is the Gap, the only known pass between Faltha and Bhrudwo.
Draining much of central Faltha is the Aleinus River, which flows from a source near the Gap, gathering water from many tributaries, and reaches the sea in a broad tidal estuary downstream from the city of Instruere.
Peoples and cultures.
Popularly, the peoples of Faltha are divided into two categories. These are the "First Men" and their descendants on the one hand, and the "losian" on the other.
The First Men originally dwelt in the Vale of Dona Mihst, south of Faltha, in a covenant relationship with their deity, the Most High, and were granted very long lives and knowledge of the "Way of Fire". In a succession of incidents now recalled as "the Poisoning", the majority of First Men were exiled from Dona Mihst; journeying north across the desert, they arrived at the Aleinus River. They founded sixteen kingdoms, a process partly caused by a bitter dispute over leadership between the clan heads Furist and Raupa.
"Losian" are the other inhabitants of Faltha. Originally, the word "losian", meaning "lost", was a technical term to refer to those inhabitants of Dona Mihst who voluntarily rejected the Way of Fire and left the Vale before the Poisoning, never to return. In popular usage, however, it has been extended to cover all human inhabitants of Faltha who are not descendants of those First Men who settled Faltha after the Poisoning. Since it is evident that many of these are not descended from the Lost of Dona Mihst, the origin of most "losian" remains unknown.
Most "losian" live in tribal groupings in areas not yet effectively controlled by the Sixteen Kingdoms. Prominent examples of "losian" in the trilogy are the Fenni, the Fodhram, the Widuz, the peoples of the Mist, and the Pei-ra. Many other groups of "losian" exist.
On a political level, relations between the First Men and the "losian" are often strained. Historically, the First Men have tended either to displace the original inhabitants or to expect them to adapt to First Man patterns of living, in a manner reminiscent of European colonialism. As a result, unconquered "losian" are now only found in harsh and remote areas. This has caused a good deal of bitterness for some groups of "losian", such as the Widuz and the Mist. There are others who have become content with their new circumstances, but desire to be left alone; the Fenni, for example, deal swiftly and harshly with trespassers and have become an object of fear in northern legend. For their part, the statesmen of the Sixteen Kingdoms typically see the "losian" either as savages to be brought into civilisation, as enemies to be conquered, or using the principle of leaving well enough alone.
Everyday contacts between First Men and "losian" are a mixed bag. On the one hand, racism is readily evident, as for example in Farr Storrsen's outbursts regarding the Fenni, and also the inhabitants of Windrise who he believes to engage in miscegenation. On the other hand, many of the First Men are content to trade with, work alongside and even enter into relationships with "losian". The King of Favony, one of the Sixteen, for example, is part Wodranian.
The cultures of the various "losian" groups draw to a large extent on those found in our world. In particular, the people of the Mist are based heavily on the Māori, and the Pei-ra also borrow from Polynesian tradition.
Countries and cities.
Faltha is divided into sixteen kingdoms, founded by the First Men, and large areas which are under the effective control of various "losian" tribes. In addition, certain regions are uninhabited and effectively beyond human influence.
The Sixteen Kingdoms form a loose confederation. Each kingdom is essentially sovereign, managing not only its internal affairs but also trade, defence and foreign policy, to the extent of having the legal ability to go to war against others of the Sixteen; thus, for example, 24 years prior to the opening of the trilogy, Sna Vazthan armies overran the kingdom of Haurn, reducing it to a vassal state, and three years later attempted to do the same to Asgowan. The common government of Faltha rests in the hands of the Council of Faltha, consisting of one representative from each of the Sixteen Kingdoms; these representatives are called "Arkhoi" (singular "Arkhos"). Each Kingdom's Arkhos serves at the pleasure of his monarch. Legally, decisions made by the Council are binding on all Sixteen Kingdoms. In practice, the Council itself commands no armed forces except the Instruian Guard, and so is reliant on individual Kingdoms to enforce its dictates. The Council is a collegial body, with no provisions for a presiding officer; leadership of the Council is thus in the hands of the Arkhos who has the support of a majority of his fellow Arkhoi. Thus the Arkhos of Nemohaim was able to become the effective leader of the Council in the time leading up to the events of the trilogy.
Instruere.
Instruere, called the Great City, is the largest and most populous urban centre in Faltha. Situated on an island in the midst of the Aleinus River, it is originally a conglomeration of two villages, Inna (populated by followers of Raupa) and Struere (settled by followers of Furist). The whole city is famous as a commercial centre, and is at the hub of traffic from Faltha's interior as well as the areas on the sea coasts. Instruere is fortified by a city wall, but the disruption to trade should the city be attacked is said to be a stronger defence than any wall. In this wall there are two great gates - the Inna and Struere Gates - and many smaller ones. Instruere contains sixteen markets, and is a tightly packed jumble of residential and commercial areas. The northern part of Instruere is strongly influenced by the culture of Deuverre, while the southern half is more similar to Straux. In the centre of Instruere lie the so-called Four Halls: the Pinion, which serves as a prison and torture chamber as well as the headquarters of the municipal armed forces, the Instruian Guard; the Hall of Lore, a museum and place of learning; the House of Worship, a monument to the days of Dona Mihst; and the impressive Hall of Meeting, the seat of the Council of Faltha. Crime, both petty and organised, flourishes in Instruere; in a notable instance of corruption, the organised criminal groups pay a portion of their takings to the Council. Previously, Instruere had its own mayor, and there was also a time when the King of Straux had his capital in the city. Now, however, city government is vested in the Council of Faltha, and especially in whoever leads the Council for the time being.
Firanes.
Firanes, "the Cape of Fire" in the ancient language of the First Men, is a mountainous country in the north-western extremity of Faltha. The capital and largest town, Rammr, is located on the south coast of the country. After the recent death of King Prosala, the courtier Wisula is acting as regent on behalf of an under-age King whose name is not revealed. Both Wisula and the Arkhos of Firanes are identified by Mahnum as traitors to Faltha.
Much of the population lives in southern Firanes, with its warmer climate, and to a lesser extent up the west coast. Legends tell of the ancient city of Astora, once the capital of Firanes, which was built on the west coast and collapsed into the sea after being undermined by erosion. After the drowning of Astora, Loulea, the setting of the opening chapters, is the westernmost village on the Westway, the old highway from Instruere to Astora.
Northern Firanes in particular is sparsely populated, and the country as a whole is referred to by Saraskar, an Arkhos of Sarista, as "the most...undeveloped" of the Sixteen Kingdoms. Travel and communications are very limited, and matters are often dealt with by local communities. Thus, a generations-old feud between the northern towns of Mjolkbridge and Windrise has continued unchecked and produced the occasional battle. The Lankangas, ten cities in eastern Firanes, are currently at war with the government in Rammr, having seceded eight years ago. The most hostile regions of the interior are not subject to the King of Firanes at all; the "losian" Scymrians have a 300-year truce with Firanes, and the moors of Myrvidda are inhabited only by the Fenni. The extreme north of the country is a region of tundra and frozen seas.
Notable geographic features of Firanes include two large rivers, the Mjolk and the Kljufa, and the Jawbone Mountains. The most spectacular range in the Jawbones is the Grossbergen. Also found in these parts is the glacier Styggesbreen.

</doc>
<doc id="18803164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803164" title="English people">
English people

The English are a nation and ethnic group native to England, who speak English. The English identity is of early medieval origin, when they were known in Old English as the "Angelcynn". England is a country of the United Kingdom and English people in England are British citizens. Their ethnonym is derived from the Angles, Germanic peoples who migrated to Great Britain in the fifth century AD.
Historically, the English population is descended from several peoples — the earlier Britons (or Brythons), the Germanic tribes that settled in the region (including Angles, Saxons, and Jutes, collectively known as the Anglo-Saxons) who founded what was to become England (from the Old English "Englaland"), and the later Danes, Normans and other groups. Following the Acts of Union 1707, in which the Kingdom of England was succeeded by Great Britain, English customs and identity became closely aligned with British customs and identity.
Today some English people have recent forebears from other parts of the United Kingdom while some are also descended from more recent immigrants from other European countries and from the Commonwealth.
The English people are the source of the English language, the Westminster system, the common law system and, numerous major sports. These and other English cultural characteristics have spread worldwide, in part as a result of the former British Empire.
English nationality.
Although England is no longer an independent nation state, but rather a constituent country within the United Kingdom, the English may still be regarded as a "nation" according to the "Oxford English Dictionary"'s definition: a group united by factors that include "language, culture, history, or occupation of the same territory".
The concept of an "English nation" is far older than that of the "British nation", and the 1990s witnessed a revival in English self-consciousness. This is linked to the expressions of national self-awareness of the other British nations of Wales and Scotland  – which take their most solid form in the new devolved political arrangements within the United Kingdom  – and the waning of a shared British national identity with the growing distance between the end of the British Empire and the present.
Many recent immigrants to England have assumed a solely British identity, while others have developed dual or hyphenated identities. Use of the word "English" to describe Britons from ethnic minorities in England is complicated by most non-white people in England identifying as British rather than English. In their 2004 Annual Population Survey, the Office for National Statistics compared the "ethnic" identities of British people with their perceived "national" identity. They found that while 58% of white people described their nationality as "English", the vast majority of non-white people called themselves "British".
Relationship to Britishness.
It is unclear how many British people consider themselves English. In the 2001 UK census, respondents were invited to state their ethnicity, but while there were tick boxes for 'Irish' and for 'Scottish', there were none for 'English', or 'Welsh', who were subsumed into the general heading 'White British'. Following complaints about this, the 2011 census will "allow respondents to record their English, Welsh, Scottish, Northern Irish, Irish or other identity." Another complication in defining the English is a common tendency for the words "English" and "British" to be used interchangeably, especially overseas. In his study of English identity, Krishan Kumar describes a common slip of the tongue in which people say "English, I mean British". He notes that this slip is normally made only by the English themselves and by foreigners: "Non-English members of the United Kingdom rarely say 'British' when they mean 'English'". Kumar suggests that although this blurring is a sign of England's dominant position with the UK, it is also "problematic for the English [...] when it comes to conceiving of their national identity. It tells of the difficulty that most English people have of distinguishing themselves, in a collective way, from the other inhabitants of the British Isles".
In 1965, the historian A. J. P. Taylor wrote,
However, although Taylor believed this blurring effect was dying out, in his book "The Isles" (1999), Norman Davies lists numerous examples in history books of "British" still being used to mean "English" and vice versa.
In December 2010, Matthew Parris in "The Spectator", analysing the use of “English” over “British”, argued that English identity, rather than growing, had existed all along but has recently been unmasked from behind a veneer of Britishness.
Historical origins and identity.
The conventional view of English origins is that the English are primarily descended from the Anglo-Saxons, the term used to describe the various Germanic tribes that migrated to Great Britain following the end of the Roman occupation of Britain, with assimilation of later migrants such as the Vikings and Normans. This version of history is considered by some historians as simplistic or even incorrect on the basis of more recent genetic and archaeological research. Based on a re-estimation of the number of settlers, some have taken the view that it is highly unlikely that the existing British Celtic-speaking population was substantially displaced by the Anglo-Saxons and that instead a process of acculturation took place, with an Anglo-Saxon ruling elite imposing their culture on the local populations. However, many historians, while making allowance for British survival, still hold to the view that there was significant displacement of the indigenous population.
The Celtic-speaking populations, particularly in their use of Brythonic languages such as Cornish, Cumbric, and Welsh, held on for several centuries in parts of England such as Cornwall, Devon, Cumbria and a part of Lancashire. Historian Catherine Hills describes what she calls the "national origin myth" of the English:
Recent books by Stephen Oppenheimer and Bryan Sykes have argued that the recent genetic studies in fact do not show a clear dividing line between the English and their 'Celtic' neighbours, but that there is a gradual clinal change from west coast Britain to east coast Britain. They suggest that the majority of the ancestors of British peoples were the original palaeolithic settlers of Great Britain, and that the differences that exist between the east and west coasts of Great Britain though not large, are deep in prehistory, mostly originating in the upper palaeolithic and Mesolithic (15,000–7,000 years ago). Furthermore, Oppenheimer stated that genetic testing has proven that "75% of British and Irish ancestors arrivebetween 15,000 and 7,500 years ago" (that is, long before the arrival of the Anglo-Saxons, and even before that of the Celts). There is support to say that these ancestors came from the Iberian peninsula and southwestern France , but not from Central Europe, where the Proto-Celts once lived. But more recent research has largely discredited these older theories, as deeper and more precise understandings of genetic markers are made clear.
History of English people.
Early Middle Ages.
The first people to be called 'English' were the Anglo-Saxons, a group of closely related Germanic tribes that began migrating to eastern and southern Great Britain, from southern Denmark and northern Germany, in the 5th century AD, after the Romans had withdrawn from Britain. The Anglo-Saxons gave their name to England ("Engla land", meaning "Land of the Angles") and to the English.
The Anglo-Saxons arrived in a land that was already populated by people commonly referred to as the 'Romano-British'—the descendants of the native Brythonic-speaking population that lived in the area of Britain under Roman rule during the 1st–5th centuries AD. The multi-ethnic nature of the Roman Empire meant that small numbers of other peoples may have also been present in England before the Anglo-Saxons arrived. There is archaeological evidence, for example, of an early North African presence in a Roman garrison at Aballava, now Burgh-by-Sands, in Cumbria; a fourth-century inscription says that the Roman military unit "Numerus Maurorum Aurelianorum" ("unit of Aurelian Moors") from Mauretania (Morocco) was stationed there.
The exact nature of the arrival of the Anglo-Saxons and their relationship with the Romano-British is a matter of debate. Traditionally, it was believed that a mass invasion by various Anglo-Saxon tribes largely displaced the indigenous British population in southern and eastern Great Britain (modern-day England with the exception of Cornwall). This was supported by the writings of Gildas, the only contemporary historical account of the period, describing slaughter and starvation of native Britons by invading tribes ("aduentus Saxonum").
Added to this was the fact that the English language contains no more than a handful of words borrowed from Brythonic sources (although the names of some towns, cities, rivers etc. do have Brythonic or pre-Brythonic origins, becoming more frequent towards the west of Britain). However, this view has been re-evaluated by some archaeologists and historians since the 1960s, and more recently supported by genetic studies, who see only minimal evidence for mass displacement. Archaeologist Francis Pryor has stated that he "can't see any evidence for "bona fide" mass migrations after the Neolithic."
While the historian Malcolm Todd writes "It is much more likely that a large proportion of the British population remained in place and was progressively dominated by a Germanic aristocracy, in some cases marrying into it and leaving Celtic names in the, admittedly very dubious, early lists of Anglo-Saxon dynasties. But how we identify the surviving Britons in areas of predominantly Anglo-Saxon settlement, either archaeologically or linguistically, is still one of the deepest problems of early English history."
In a survey of the genes of British and Irish men, even those British regions that were most genetically similar to (Germanic speaking) continental regions were still more genetically British than continental: "When included in the PC analysis, the Frisians were more 'Continental' than any of the British samples, although they were somewhat closer to the British ones than the North German/Denmark sample. For example, the part of mainland Britain that has the most Continental input is Central England, but even here the AMH+1 frequency, not below 44% (Southwell), is higher than the 35% observed in the Frisians. These results demonstrate that even with the choice of Frisians as a source for the Anglo-Saxons, there is a clear indication of a continuing indigenous component in the English paternal genetic makeup."
Vikings and the Danelaw.
From about 800 AD waves of Danish Viking assaults on the coastlines of the British Isles were gradually followed by a succession of Danish settlers in England. At first, the Vikings were very much considered a separate people from the English. This separation was enshrined when Alfred the Great signed the Treaty of Alfred and Guthrum to establish the Danelaw, a division of England between English and Danish rule, with the Danes occupying northern and eastern England.
However, Alfred's successors subsequently won military victories against the Danes, incorporating much of the Danelaw into the nascent kingdom of England. Danish invasions continued into the 11th century, and there were both English and Danish kings in the period following the unification of England (for example, Æthelred II (978–1013 and 1014–1016) was English but Cnut (1016–1035) was Danish).
Gradually, the Danes in England came to be seen as 'English'. They had a noticeable impact on the English language: many English words, such as "anger", "ball", "egg", "got", "knife", "take", and "they", are of Old Norse origin, and place names that end in "-thwaite" and "-by" are Scandinavian in origin.
English unification.
The English population was not politically unified until the 10th century. Before then, it consisted of a number of petty kingdoms which gradually coalesced into a Heptarchy of seven powerful states, the most powerful of which were Mercia and Wessex. The English nation state began to form when the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms united against Danish Viking invasions, which began around 800 AD. Over the following century and a half England was for the most part a politically unified entity, and remained permanently so after 959.
The nation of England was formed in 937 by Athelstan of Wessex after the Battle of Brunanburh, as Wessex grew from a relatively small kingdom in the South West to become the founder of the Kingdom of the English, incorporating all Anglo-Saxon kingdoms and the Danelaw.
Norman and Angevin rule.
The Norman conquest of England during 1066 brought Anglo-Saxon and Danish rule of England to an end, as the new Norman elite almost universally replaced the Anglo-Saxon aristocracy and church leaders. After the conquest, "English" normally included all natives of England, whether they were of Anglo-Saxon, Scandinavian or Celtic ancestry, to distinguish them from the Norman invaders, who were regarded as "Norman" even if born in England, for a generation or two after the Conquest. The Norman dynasty ruled England for 87 years until the death of King Stephen in 1154, when the succession passed to Henry II, House of Plantagenet (based in France), and England became part of the Angevin Empire until 1399.
Various contemporary sources suggest that within 50 years of the invasion most of the Normans outside the royal court had switched to English, with Anglo-Norman remaining the prestige language of government and law largely out of social inertia. For example, Orderic Vitalis, a historian born in 1075 and the son of a Norman knight, said that he learned French only as a second language. Anglo-Norman continued to be used by the Plantagenet kings until Edward I came to the throne. Over time the English language became more important even in the court, and the Normans were gradually assimilated, until, by the 14th century, both rulers and subjects regarded themselves as English and spoke the English language.
Despite the assimilation of the Normans, the distinction between 'English' and 'French' survived in official documents long after it had fallen out of common use, in particular in the legal phrase "Presentment of Englishry" (a rule by which a hundred had to prove an unidentified murdered body found on their soil to be that of an Englishman, rather than a Norman, if they wanted to avoid a fine). This law was abolished in 1340.
In the United Kingdom.
Since the 18th century, England has been one part of a wider political entity covering all or part of the British Isles, which today is called the United Kingdom. Wales was annexed by England by the Laws in Wales Acts 1535–1542, which incorporated Wales into the English state. A new British identity was subsequently developed when James VI of Scotland became James I of England as well, and expressed the desire to be known as the monarch of Britain.
In 1707, England formed a union with Scotland by passing an Act of Union in March 1707 that ratified the Treaty of Union. The Parliament of Scotland had previously passed its own Act of Union, so the Kingdom of Great Britain was born on 1 May 1707. In 1801, another Act of Union formed a union between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Kingdom of Ireland, creating the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. In 1922, about two-thirds of the Irish population (those who lived in 26 of the 32 counties of Ireland), left the United Kingdom to form the Irish Free State. The remainder became the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, although this name was not introduced until 1927, after some years in which the term "United Kingdom" had been little used.
Throughout the history of the UK, the English have been dominant in population and in political weight. As a consequence, notions of 'Englishness' and 'Britishness' are often very similar. At the same time, after the Union of 1707, the English, along with the other peoples of the British Isles, have been encouraged to think of themselves as British rather than to identify themselves with the constituent nations.
Immigration and assimilation.
Although England has not been conquered since the Norman conquest nor extensively settled since, it has been the destination of varied numbers of migrants at different periods from the seventeenth century. While some members of these groups maintain a separate ethnic identity, others have assimilated and intermarried with the English. Since Oliver Cromwell's resettlement of the Jews in 1656, there have been waves of Jewish immigration from Russia in the nineteenth century and from Germany in the twentieth.
After the French king Louis XIV declared Protestantism illegal in 1685 with the Edict of Fontainebleau, an estimated 50,000 Protestant Huguenots fled to England. Due to sustained and sometimes mass emigration from Ireland, current estimates indicate that around 6 million people in the UK have at least one grandparent born in Ireland.
There has been a black presence in England since the 16th century due to the slave trade, and an Indian presence since at least the 17th century because of the East India Company and British Raj, or 16th century with the arrival of Romanichal migrants. Black and Asian populations have grown in England as immigration from the British Empire and the subsequent Commonwealth of Nations was encouraged due to labour shortages during post-war rebuilding. 
However, these groups are often still considered to be ethnic minorities and research has shown that black and Asian people in the UK are more likely to identify as British rather than with one of the state's four constituent nations, including England.
Current national and political identity.
The 1990s witnessed a resurgence of English national identity. Survey data shows a rise in the number of people in England describing their national identity as English and a fall in the number describing themselves as British. Scholars and journalists have noted a rise in English self-consciousness, with increased use of the English flag, particularly at football matches where the Union flag was previously more commonly flown by fans.
This perceived rise in English self-consciousness has generally been attributed to the devolution in the late 1990s of some powers to the Scottish Parliament and National Assembly for Wales. In policy areas for which the devolved administrations in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland have responsibility, the UK Parliament votes on laws that consequently only apply to England. Because the Westminster Parliament is composed of MPs from throughout the UK, this has given rise to the "West Lothian question", a reference to the situation in which MPs representing constituencies outside England can vote on matters affecting only England, but MPs cannot vote on the same matters in relation to the other parts of the UK. Consequently, groups such as the Campaign for an English Parliament have called for the creation of a devolved English Parliament, claiming that there is now a discriminatory democratic deficit against the English. The establishment of an English parliament has also been backed by a number of Scottish and Welsh nationalists. Writer Paul Johnson has suggested that like most dominant groups, the English have only demonstrated interest in their ethnic self-definition when they were feeling oppressed.
John Curtice argues that "In the early years of devolution...there was little sign" of an English backlash against devolution for Scotland and Wales, but that more recently survey data shows tentative signs of "a form of English nationalism...beginning to emerge among the general public". Michael Kenny, Richard English and Richard Hayton, meanwhile, argue that the resurgence in English nationalism predates devolution, being observable in the early 1990s, but that this resurgence does not necessarily have negative implications for the perception of the UK as a political union. Others question whether devolution has led to a rise in English national identity at all, arguing that survey data fails to portray the complex nature of national identities, with many people considering themselves both English "and" British.
Recent surveys of public opinion on the establishment of an English parliament have given widely varying conclusions. In the first five years of devolution for Scotland and Wales, support in England for the establishment of an English parliament was low at between 16 and 19%, according to successive British Social Attitudes Surveys. A report, also based on the British Social Attitudes Survey, published in December 2010 suggests that only 29% of people in England support the establishment of an English parliament, though this figure had risen from 17% in 2007.
One 2007 poll carried out for BBC "Newsnight", however, found that 61 per cent would support such a parliament being established. Krishan Kumar notes that support for measures to ensure that only English MPs can vote on legislation that applies only to England is generally higher than that for the establishment of an English parliament, although support for both varies depending on the timing of the opinion poll and the wording of the question. Electoral support for English nationalist parties is also low, even though there is public support for many of the policies they espouse. The English Democrats gained just 64,826 votes in the 2010 UK general election, accounting for 0.3 per cent of all votes cast in England. Kumar argued in 2010 that "despite devolution and occasional bursts of English nationalism – more an expression of exasperation with the Scots or Northern Irish – the English remain on the whole satisfied with current constitutional arrangements".
English diaspora.
From the earliest times English people have left England to settle in other parts of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, but it is not possible to identify their numbers, as British censuses have historically not invited respondents to identify themselves as English. However, the census does record place of birth, revealing that 8.08% of Scotland's population, 3.66% of the population of Northern Ireland and 20% of the Welsh population were born in England. Similarly, the census of the Republic of Ireland does not collect information on ethnicity, but it does record that there are over 200,000 people living in Ireland who were born in England and Wales.
English emigrant and ethnic descent communities are found across the world, and in some places, settled in significant numbers. Substantial populations descended from English colonists and immigrants exist in the United States, Canada, Australia, South Africa and New Zealand.
United States.
According to the American Community Survey in 2009 data, Americans reporting English ancestry made up an estimated 9.0% of the total U.S. population, and form the third largest European ancestry group after German Americans and Irish Americans.
However, demographers regard this as an undercount, as the index of inconsistency is high, and many, if not most, people from English stock have a tendency to identify simply as Americans or, if of mixed European ancestry, nominate a more recent and differentiated ethnic group.
In the 2000 United States Census, 24,509,692 Americans described their ancestry as wholly or partly English. In addition, 1,035,133 recorded British ancestry.
In the 1980 United States Census, over 49 million (49,598,035) Americans claimed English ancestry, at the time around 26.34% of the total population and largest reported group which, even today, would make them the largest ethnic group in the United States.
Canada.
In the 2006 Canadian Census, 'English' was the most common ethnic origin (ethnic origin refers to the ethnic or cultural group(s) to which the respondent's ancestors belong) recorded by respondents; 6,570,015 people described themselves as wholly or partly English, 16% of the population. On the other hand people identifying as Canadian but not English may have previously identified as English before the option of identifying as Canadian was available.
Australia.
In Australia, the 2006 Australian Census recorded 6,298,945 people who described their ancestry, but not ethnicity, as English. 1,425,559 of these people recorded that both their parents were born overseas.
Other communities.
Significant numbers of people with at least some English ancestry also live in Scotland and Wales, as well as in Ireland, Chile, Argentina, New Zealand, South Africa and Brazil.
Since the 1980s there have been increasingly large numbers of English people, estimated at over 3 million, permanently or semi-permanently living in Spain and France, drawn there by the climate and cheaper house prices.
Culture.
The culture of England is sometimes difficult to separate clearly from the culture of the United Kingdom, so influential has English culture been on the cultures of the British Isles and, on the other hand, given the extent to which other cultures have influenced life in England.
See also.
Language:
Diaspora:

</doc>
<doc id="18803178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803178" title="The Gift of the Emperor">
The Gift of the Emperor

The Gift of the Emperor is a short story by Ernest William Hornung featuring his popular creation A. J. Raffles. It is included in the original collection of Raffles stories "The Amateur Cracksman", first published in 1899.
The events in the story lead to the eventual exposure of Raffles as a thief and contribute significantly to his cynicism about British High Society.
Adaptation.
The story was adapted for the 1977 Raffles (TV series), though the plot was changed significantly. An envoy of the German Emperor Wilhelm II arrives in London, on his way to the South Sea. He is carrying a precious pearl which he is due to present as a gift to a local King. This is regarded with horror in London, by those who regard it as a German attempt to interfere in a British sphere of influence.
Eager to avert this potentially embarrassing situation, a Foreign Office official approaches Gentleman thief A. J. Raffles to steal it back from him while he is in England, staying at a country house. Raffles agrees provided he is permitted to keep the pearl, valued at an estimated £100,000. He travels out to stay at the house with his companion Bunny Manders and waits for a chance to steal the pearl.
He is assisted by Inspector Mackenzie, his long-term rival, who has been ordered by his superiors to aid Raffles. Shunning his help, Raffles successfully manages to steal the pearl by climbing down a chimney and evades an attempt by the Germans to recover it. Raffles ultimately is betrayed by the foreign office official who has Raffles has arrested for the theft, and the pearls are sent back to Germany in exchange for an agreement that they will not be given to the Pacific King. The story ends with Raffles not being exposed as a criminal to the public. He continues to live as a member of High Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18803189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803189" title="Woodmill">
Woodmill

Woodmill may refer to:
See too:

</doc>
<doc id="18803190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803190" title="Croatian German">
Croatian German

Croatian Germans are citizens in Germany of Croatian descent.
Demographics.
According to the German Federal Statistical Office from Wiesbaden in year 2007 225,309 Croatian citizens living in Germany. According to data from church institutions there are about 310,000 to 350,000 Croatians living in Germany.
Numbers of Croats.
Per federal state.
In year 2005
¹31. December 2007
Cities.
In year 2005
¹31. December 2004,
²30. June 2006,
³31. December 2007
Art and culture.
Notable Croatian artists in Germany:

</doc>
<doc id="18803202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803202" title="Trasgu">
Trasgu

The trasgo or trasgu is a mythological creature present in the tradition of several cultures of nowadays northern Spain, specially in Asturian and Cantabrian traditional culture, it is also found in legends of Portugal. In other parts of Europe it is also known as "gnome," "sylph," or "kobold." The origin of this mythological creature is Celtic and Roman and comes from Northern Europe.
Asturian Mythology.
The trasgu is the best known being of Asturian mythology, and is shared with mythologies of Celtic origin, like Galicia's. It is a domestic goblin with a mischievous and nervous character. It is often represented as a tiny man who limps with his right leg; he has dark skin, wears red clothes and a pointy red hat. He has a hole in his left hand. He is described at times as having horns, tail, sheep ears and long legs, and wearing a long black and gray cloak; at other times he is described as small, with long thin legs and wearing a tight dark brown dress. 
Nocturnal noises are attributed to him, and also small pranks like changing the location of objects. He enters homes at night when the inhabitants are asleep. If he is in a bad mood he breaks kitchen vessels, spooks cattle, stirs chests of clothes and spills water. These activities do not cause material damage, because the inhabitants find everything as they left it. On the other hand, when he is treated well, he does house chores during the night. 
In Asturias, the trasgu is known by different names depending on the location. He is known as Trasno, Cornín or Xuan Dos Camíos in western Asturias. He is known as Gorretín Coloráu or the one with the "gorra encarnada" (both meaning "little red hat") in eastern Asturias.
How to Get Rid of Him.
It is difficult to get rid of him when he annoys. If the house inhabitants decide to move to a new house, he follows them. In a tale, the inhabitants of a house abandon it because of the trasgu. On their way to the new house, the woman asks her husband: "Have we left anything?" The trasgu, following them, answers: "You have left the lamp, but I'm carrying it." 
In order to expel a trasgu it is necessary to request of him an impossible task, like bringing a basket of water from the sea, picking up millet from the floor (it falls through the hole in his hand), and whitening a black sheep. Because he thinks himself capable of doing everything, he accepts the challenge. In his stubbornness, he will try until he becomes exhausted. When he fails to accomplish the tasks, his pride is hurt. He leaves and does not return. He will also become spooked if someone falsely recreates actions proper of goblins.
Cantabrian Mythology.
In Cantabria, the trasgu is a small goblin with black face and green eyes that inhabits forests. His main activity is to mock people and carry out pranks, especially against girls who are engaged in a specific activity, like shepherding. Because he must hide from humans, his clothes are made of tree leaves and moss.
Presence in Literature.
Trasgu's pranks are told with variations in numerous towns of the Iberian peninsula, and his adventures are evoked in classical works of Spanish literature, like the Lazarillo de Tormes, the short farces of Cervantes and the comedies of Lope de Vega.
In instances of fantasy literature, and many times in sword and sorcery literature, the term "trasgo" may be confused with "orc", when it more generally is used to translate the English term "goblin" (and vice versa from Spanish to English). For example, the Spanish translation of the novel The Hobbit by J.R.R. Tolkien uses the term "trasgo" to signify the "goblins". However, in the Spanish translation of The Lord of the Rings, the orcs are referred to by the term "orcos".

</doc>
<doc id="18803236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803236" title="Noquet">
Noquet

The Noquet were a group of Native Americans who lived on the Upper Peninsula in Michigan. They spoke an Algonquian language. They are thought to have been most closely related to the Menominee Indians.
Sources.
Waldman, Carl. "The Encyclopedia of Native American Tribes". (New York: Checkmark Books, 2006) p. 10

</doc>
<doc id="18803240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803240" title="Electoral results for the district of Jandakot">
Electoral results for the district of Jandakot

This is a list of electoral results for the electoral district of Jandakot in Western Australian state elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18803252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803252" title="Barker, Texas">
Barker, Texas

Barker is an unincorporated community in western Harris County, Texas, United States. It lies along local roads off Interstate 10 and seventeen miles west of downtown Houston. Its elevation is 102 feet (31 m), and it is located at (29.7843955, -95.6849469).
Barker was originally built along the Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad, which built through the area in 1895; the community was named for Ed Barker, a railroad contractor. The community's first postmaster was appointed in 1898. Although Barker was originally an agricultural community, the area is now primarily residential.
Government and infrastructure.
The United States Postal Service operates the Barker Post Office at 211 Baker Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18803263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803263" title="Leon Springs, Texas">
Leon Springs, Texas

Leon Springs is an unincorporated community in Bexar County, Texas, now partially within the city limits of San Antonio. 
The region was settled in the mid-nineteenth century by German immigrants, most notably Johannes von Meusebach, George von Plehve, and Max Aue. Aue founded an inn which became the first stop on the Stagecoach route between San Antonio and San Diego. The community came to some prominence as the location of an officer training school at Camp Bullis. The original Romano's Macaroni Grill was founded in Leon Springs, however, the company closed down this branch after the second of two devastating floods in the late 1990s. It is also the site for the first Rudy's Country Store and Bar-B-Q. The restaurant chain was created by the son of town founder Max Aue, Rudolph Aue. The community currently has two Public Elementary Schools, Leon Springs Elementary and Aue Elementary, as well as Baptist, Roman Catholic, Presbyterian, and non-denominational churches. 

</doc>
<doc id="18803267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803267" title="2008 French Open – Legends Over 45 Doubles">
2008 French Open – Legends Over 45 Doubles

Anders Järryd and John McEnroe were the defending champions, and won in the final 6–4, 7–6(2), against Mansour Bahrami and Henri Leconte.
Draw.
Group A.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 4) Steering Committee decision."
Group B.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 4) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="18803285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803285" title="Military Decision Making Process">
Military Decision Making Process

The Military Decision Making Process (MDMP) is a United States Army seven-step process for military decision making in both tactical and garrison environments. It is indelibly linked to Troop Leading Procedures* and Operations orders.
Process.
The basic steps in the MDMP are:
Drawbacks.
MDMP can be both slow and burdensome at lower levels, where small staffs do not have the manpower nor expertise to dissect each layer of higher headquarters' orders. The MDMP is intended as a planning tool for the primary staff of battalion sized units and larger as opposed to the "Troop Leading Procedures", which are used to guide units subordinate to battalions.
This process is not, according to doctrine, conducted below the battalion level.
Mnemonic/Acronym.
MADACAP - A mnemonic or acronym for remembering and implementing the military planning process. Receive the Mission, Conduct Mission Analysis, Courses of Action Development, Courses of Action Analysis, Courses of Action Comparison, Course of Action Approval, and Orders Production. The acronym allows the planner to quickly relate the planning process through a single word allowing the planning process to glide smoothly without reaching out for doctrine to refer back to getting the steps in order. Ideal for students and junior personnel to remember the planning process. Mission, Analysis, Develop, Analyze, Compare, Approve, Produce. M.A.D.A.C.A.P.
Although available, this mnemonic is rarely (if ever) used during the conduct of the MDMP. The process is conducted by staffs operating at battalion and higher levels conducting deliberate planning, often with resources including staff estimates, publications, and computers with internet access. The "on the fly" need for a mnemonic for the MDMP is unnecessary except possibly for use when answering military trivia questions, such as during an NCO or Soldier of the month board, or on an exam at a military service school.

</doc>
<doc id="18803287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803287" title="Jackson, Montana">
Jackson, Montana

Jackson is an unincorporated community in Beaverhead County, Montana, United States. Although it is unincorporated, Jackson has a post office with a ZIP code of 59736. Jackson lies on Montana Secondary Highway 278 south of Wisdom and northwest of Dillon.

</doc>
<doc id="18803296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803296" title="Xylina Spathia">
Xylina Spathia

Xylina Spathia (, ) were one of the most popular Greek bands, coming from Thessaloniki, that were distinguished for their special and personal sound, which was unprecedented for the Greek music of the era. Along with Trypes, they are considered to be the most popular band in Greece, which became very popular in the 90's.
Their music combines elements from pop, rock and electronic music, maintaining a Greek melodic "colour" at the same time.The personal and experiential lyrics of Pavlos Pavlidis are distinguished for their poetry and the pictures that they give.Generally the band's songs develop an emotional atmosphere, that is sometimes expressed with extroversion and bold rhythms and some others with a calm innerness.
From 1993 until their break-up, in 2003, the band released 5 albums (4 studio, 1 live) and 1 CD single. Although they had a big commercial success from early on, the group avoided to get exposed to the media and maintained their artistic autonomy, seeking to evolve their sound from album to album and during their live performances, where they used to experiment and improvise with their songs.
The original line-up of the group consisted of: Pavlos Pavlidis (vocals, guitar), Vasilis Gountaroulis (keyboards, samplers), Christos Tsaprazis (bass) and Panos Tolios (drums, percussion 1993-1997). Members of the band had also been: Stavros Rossopoulos (guitar 1993-1994), Takis Kanellos (drums 1997), Giannis Mitsis (drums 1998-2003), Kostas Pantelis (guitar 2000-2003) and Nikos Kyriakopoulos (percussion, backing vocals 2001-2003). Session musicians that appeared in the band's albums are: Dimos Gountaroulis (cello), Giorgos Tolios (percussion), Giorgos Papazoglou (percussion), Rita Hatzinikoli (percussion), Fotis Siotas (violin) and Aristeidis Hatzistavrou (classical guitar).
Xylina Spathia are one of the best-selling Greek bands, along with Pyx Lax and Trypes.
History.
In 1989, after his participation in the Greek rock band Mora sti Fotia (Greek: Μωρά στη Φωτιά, English: Babies on Fire), Pavlos Pavlidis travelled to France and stayed with Nikos Kantaris in Mériel, a commune near Paris. They created the Brancaleone studio and Pavlidis recorded the first demos of his songs.The first two albums of the band were dedicated to Nikos Kantaris.While in Paris, Pavlidis also met Giannis Mitsis, who became a band member in 1998.
In 1992, Pavlidis returned in Thessaloniki and along with Vasilis Gountaroulis, Christos Tsaprazis, Panos Tolios and Stavros Rossopoulos started to work on the material that he had prepared during his stay in France.With this line-up they appeared, for the first time, live in Karditsa under the name "Brancaleone". They later changed their name to "Xylina Spathia" from the homonymous novel by Pantelis Kaliotsos.
In 1993, the band's first album, "Xessaloniki" was released by Ano Kato Records. The album contained 12 songs which were recorded from September to October 1993 in Magnanimous studio, owned by Giorgos Pentzikis in Thessaloniki. Christos Harbilas was the sound engineer. Two of the songs ("To nero pou kylaei" and "Poulia 2") were recorded in Brancaleone studio in 1992. The album contained well-known songs such as "Adrenalini", "Treno fantasma", "Rodes", "Siopi" and the hit "O vasilias tis skonis", that became very popular and is considered as a classic Greek rock song.A review of the disc from mic.gr website in 2005 stated: "Xessaloniki is something much more than what phenomenically was back in 1993: a new stream for Greek rock...".
In 1994, the band appeared live in cities throughout Greece. Their songs were played on the radio, their public reception was positive and their fans were steadily increasing. During this period Stavros Rossopoulos left the band, without being replaced by an other guitarist.
In 1995, the band's second album, "Pera apo tis poleis tis asfaltou" was released by Virgin Records. The album contains 10 songs which were recorded from September to November 1994 in Magnanimous studio, with Christos Harbilas and Titos Karyotakis as sound engineers. Some of the songs that appear in the album are "Rita", "Oti thes esy", "Fotia sto limani", "Atlantis" and "Liomeno pagoto", which is the group's biggest commercial success, that made the band well-known to the wide audience. Because of some legal problems that the band had with their previous label, the album was withdrawn for a short time, but the group was vindicated and the album returned on sale. Dionysis Savvopoulos also testified on the trial. Sales and radio broadcasts exceed by far the expectations of the band and Pavlos Pavlidis stated: "People help you go higher, if you have to go somewhere...".
In 1996, "Pera apo tis poleis tis asfaltou" became gold. The band gave concerts throughout Greece and gained a wide audience. "Liomeno pagoto" and "Fotia sto limani" became the super hits among youngsters.
In 1997, the band's third album, "Mia matia san vrohi" was released by Virgin Records. It contained 10 songs which were recorded from January to April 1997 in Magnanimous studio, with Christos Harbolas and Titos Karyotakis as sound engineers.The album's hits were "Vrohopoios", "Den ehei telos", "Ena paraxeno tragoudi", "Sto vraho", "Allazei prosopa I thlipsi" and the explosive song "Robot". "Mia matia san vrohi" was the group's finest album and probably their most important (artistic) release. With this release the band made clear their intention to experiment in more electronic sound paths and Vasilis Gountaroulis played the leading role in the band's composition, in which all the members took part. As for the lyrics, Pavlos Pavlidis had been lyrically mature and started composing songs-poems such as "Mono auto" and "Sto vraho". In an interview, in 1997, he stated: "What was of my interest from the beginning, was a band that given the success, would go further. When we met together with the guys, I saw that we were a good group with unpredictable development. Now, in the third disc material, the work is total and the ideas jump out from everywhere... ".During the same year the band continued their concerts in Greece and Cyprus, with the climax event of Vyronas Festival, where a record of 8,000 people was gathered.In the fall of the year, after an invitation from MTV, they appeared in H.Q. club in London. This was their first appearance without Panos Tolios, who left the band and was replaced by Takis Kanellos of Mode Plagal.
In 1998, "Pera apo tis poleis tis asfaltou" became platinum and "Mia matia san vrohi" became gold. Their appearances in Rodon, Athens and Mylos, Thessaloniki were sold out. In July they appeared in Rockwave Festival '98 and in September they opened the Rolling Stones concert in Athens.Pavlos Pavlidis stated: "The idea of singing in front of 80,000 people is crazy. When we finished, the Stones manager told me: "You are among the few bands that escaped the bottles.In our tours we have a special staff to clean the stage from the bottles that are thrown to the support groups.Today the staff will rest. "When I asked him which bands had also escaped the bottles he told me: "Some of the bands I can recall are the Smashing Pumpkins and Red Hot Chili Peppers. "..."By the fall of the year, the band revisited Great Britain and appeared in Hacienda Manchester.Takis Kanellos could not follow the band's full schedule and gave his place to Giannis Mitsis.
In 1999, the EP "Trofi gia ta thiria" was released by Virgin Records.It contained 4 songs, which were recorded from April to May 1999 in Agrotikon studio owned by Nikos Papazoglou in Thessaloniki, with Christos Megas as sound engineer.These songs were indicative of the band's double sound direction. On the one hand, calm and atmospherical compositions ("Diastimoploia" and "Hathika") and on the other hand, explosive dancing rhythms and electronic sounds ("Trofi gia ta thiria" and "Tora arhizo kai thymamai"). In fact, this single was the precursor of their next and final studio album that would be released a year later. In the meantime, the band continued their live appearances with success.Kostas Pantelis also joined the band.
In 2000, the band's fourth and last studio album, "Enas kyklos ston aera" was released by Virgin Records. The album contained 10 songs, which were recorded from May to June 2000 in Magnanimous studio, with Christos Megas and Martin Ekman as sound engineers.The most recognisable songs of the album are "I teleutaia fora", "Ti perimenoun", "O navagos", "San esena", "Hartinos ouranos" and "Pare me mazi sou", the band's last hit.Earlier that winter, Pavlos Pavlidis went to Amorgos, where he created most of the songs that appeared in the album, in the home studio that he had created."Enas kyklos ston aera" was probably the most divided (creatively) album of the band, as the contradictory musical directions that had been followed in the previous album, were becoming clearer. As a result, strong and dancing songs such as "Ti perimenoun", coexisted with slow, almost whispering compositions such as "O navagos".Despite these minor problems, the band seemed that it was crossing its most mature period, testifying an album that did not probably had the integrity and the exuberance of "Mia matia san vrohi" or the momentum of "Xessaloniki", but could be maintained on a high level and was the product of an all that had worked with its sound all those years and, closing its career, was still creative and unpredictable.
During the following years (2001–2002), the band continued its successful concerts throughout Greece playing new songs, while a sixth member, Nikos Kyriakopoulos, who played the percussion and sung the backing vocals, joined the line-up. The climate seemed to be positive and a new creative period seemed to have opened. Despite the new plans of the group, the break-up was near.
In 2003, the band's "Live" album was released by Virgin Records. The album contained 16 songs, which were presented live in concerts that were played from February to November 2001 and were recorded by the mobile recording unit of Polytropon and Octal One studios, with Christos Megas, Makis Pelopidas, Kostas Vamvoukas, Argyris Papageorgiou, Giorgos Kazantzis and Vagelis Kalaras as sound engineers.All of the songs came from previous works of the group except for a new one, "Grand Hotel". At the end of the song, Pavlidis can be heard saying: 'Thank you...This is the first time we are playing it...". "Live" was an album that attempted to record the explosive climate that was prevailing during the band's concerts and confirm the group's reputation as a dynamic live band. In this album were also recorded the improvisational feeling and the evolution of the band's sound all those years.This could be seen on the songs from their two first albums, which are almost unrecognisable. It should also be mentioned that the album does not contain the group's big hits, something that intentionally happened, in order to view songs that the band loved, but had lived in the shadow of the big commercial succeses.Especially, "Liomeno pagoto" was thought to be an overplayed song. "Live" was the band's valedictory album and was dedicted "to those who were with us all those nights...".
By the fall of 2003, Xylina Spathia broke up and the band members followed different musical directions.Their work continues to be recognised and along with Pavlos Sidiropoulos and Trypes, they are considered to be among the artists who defined Greek rock.
In 2005, two years after the group's break-up, "The Best Of" was released by Virgin Records. It contained 16 songs from the group's previous works and a bonus track by Viton & Stel, entitled "Wooden Swordz". There was no contribution by any of the band's members in the release of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18803311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803311" title="William Prentiss House">
William Prentiss House

The William Prentiss House is a historic Greek Revival style house at 252 Gray Street in Arlington, Massachusetts. Built c. 1860, it is one of the oldest houses in the Arlington Heights neighborhood of the town. Stylistically it resembles a number of houses built in East Arlington around the same time, but is the only one of its type in this neighborhood. William Prentiss, a local farmer, was its first known owner. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803312" title="Gigantodax">
Gigantodax

Gigantodax is a genus of 68 species of black flies distributed along the Andes from Mexico to Tierra del Fuego in Argentina.
The taxonomy of the genus was revised in 1989 by an academic paper published in the bulletin of the American Museum of Natural History. In 1997, researchers from the "Universidad Nacional del Comahue" in Rio Negro, Argentina collected larvae of "G. marginalis" and other fly species in Lanin National Park, Neuquén Province. After a close examination included chromosome mapping, they reported:
Females are not anthropophilic and can be found as well as in mountain creeks from sea level to 4,700 m of altitude (Wygodzinsky & Coscaron 1989). "Gigantodax" is a peculiar genus, showing the greatest diversity among the Prosimuliini genera, with synapomorphies in imago and preimaginal stages that help to differentiate species in this genus from other genera. The unusual morphology of the respiratory filaments in the pupal stage is useful in differentiating species.
These South American researchers also analyzed "G. marginalis", "G. fulvescens", and "G. chilensis" and reported that "Cnesia", another Prosimuliini genus, is sympatric with southern populations of "Gigantodax" and that both genera breed on both sides of the Andean range in Argentina and Chile in subantarctic Patagonia. They also reported that "Gigantodax" species in this area are also sympatric with "Simulium".
These genus was re-examined in 2007 by entomologits from the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro in Brazil who explained that in their paper:
...the first phylogenetic hypothesis for the 13 Southern Hemisphere genera of Simuliidae is proposed, through a cladistic approach. In order to investigate the position of those genera representatives of five Northern Hemisphere genera were also included in the analyses as outgroups. The study was based on a data matrix with 33 terminal taxa and 119 morphological characters of adult, pupa and larva. The phylogenetic analysis under equal weights resulted in four most parsimonious trees, with similar topologies and 349 steps...

</doc>
<doc id="18803314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803314" title="Lakeview, Montana">
Lakeview, Montana

Lakeview is an unincorporated community in Beaverhead County, Montana, United States. Lakeview lies along Southside Centennial Road about halfway between Lima to the west and West Yellowstone to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="18803317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803317" title="Percy Smith (politician)">
Percy Smith (politician)

Gerald Albert Percy Smith, QC (22 December 1921 – 23 January 2009) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a barrister and lawyer by career.
Smith was born at a farm in Lower Newcastle, New Brunswick. He studied law at the University of New Brunswick and graduated from there in 1950.
He was appointed a Queens Counsel in 1972.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Northumberland—Miramichi riding in the 1968 general election, then re-elected there in the 1972 election. In May 1974, Smith finished his term in the 29th Canadian Parliament and did not seek re-election.
Smith also served as Mayor of Newcastle, New Brunswick.
During the last three years of his life, Smith lived at a senior citizens residence in Miramichi, New Brunswick where he died on 23 January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18803324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803324" title="Prentiss-Payson House">
Prentiss-Payson House

Prentiss-Payson House, built in 1856, is a historic house at 224-226 Pleasant Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803331" title="Darko Mitrevski">
Darko Mitrevski

Darko Mitrevski is a film director of Macedonian origin living in Los Angeles, California.
His list of feature films includes "Goodbye, 20th Century!", "Bal-Can-Can", and "The Third Half" (the latter was the official Macedonian entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards). 
References

</doc>
<doc id="18803334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803334" title="William Proctor House">
William Proctor House

William Proctor House, built in 1870, is a historic house at 390 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts. It now houses professional offices.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803339" title="Lafayette Reservoir">
Lafayette Reservoir

The Lafayette Reservoir is an open cut terminal water storage reservoir owned and operated by the East Bay Municipal Utility District (EBMUD). It is located off of Highway 24 and a mile from the Lafayette BART station, in Contra Costa County, California. This all-year, day-use area is ideal for hiking, jogging, fishing, boating and picnicking. The reservoir is on the Orinda border. The reservoir is on a site and holds 
Rowboats and pedal boats can be rented. Private rowboats, canoes, kayaks and small sailboats are allowed if carried atop your auto (no gasoline engines). There is a $4.00 launch fee and all boats must be off the water 2½ hours prior to the park closing. Launching docks and a small bait shop are added conveniences. A daily fishing access fee ($4.00) is required. (Fees here and at other EBMUD reservoirs cover costs of stocking fish taken by anglers.) 
The main trail around the reservoir is a 2.7-mile paved footpath named the Lakeside Trail; the 4.5-mile Rim Trail is a more challenging dirt hiking path through the surrounding hills.
Families, groups and companies can reserve picnic areas holding 50 or 200 people. Many individual tables and barbecues accommodate smaller groups. A large play area offers lively fun for children. The park has restrooms and a disabled-access fishing dock with adjacent parking. 
Entrance to the park is free; however, parking on site costs $7.00 per day. There are also a number of metered parking spaces available at a rate of $1.50/hour. The park's hours of operation range from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m., depending on the season. Discounts for seniors and disabled persons are available also.

</doc>
<doc id="18803345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803345" title="Warren Rawson Building">
Warren Rawson Building

The Warren Rawson Building, built in 1895, is a historic multi-unit residence at 68-74 Franklin Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803358" title="Polaris, Montana">
Polaris, Montana

Polaris is an unincorporated community in Beaverhead County, Montana, United States. Although it is unincorporated, Polaris has a post office with a ZIP code of 59746. Polaris lies on rural roads southeast of Wisdom.

</doc>
<doc id="18803362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803362" title="Warren Rawson House">
Warren Rawson House

The Warren Rawson House is a historic row house at 37–49 Park Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1885 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803364" title="Dodge Ram (disambiguation)">
Dodge Ram (disambiguation)

Dodge Ram, now simply referred to as the Ram, is a collective nameplate for light trucks made by Dodge
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="18803374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803374" title="Alfred E. Robindreau House">
Alfred E. Robindreau House

Alfred E. Robindreau House, built in 1920, is a historic house at 28 Lafayette Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803382" title="Santamental">
Santamental

Santamental is the fourth solo album from Steve Lukather.
History.
When Lukather's record company, Bop City Records, approached him about recording a Christmas album, he quipped, "Why me? Do I look like Father Christmas to you mofos?" The company wanted him to do the record knowing he would approach the project with a unique angle and produce something different from the typical Christmas album. Lukather recruited keyboardist Jeff Babko and guitarist Larry Carlton, who Lukather had worked with previously, to help arrange the songs. The result was a challenge to Lukather, who had to be creative to turn the traditionally simple songs into something interesting for listeners.
The musicians Lukather chose for "Santamental", most of whom are hard rock veterans, lent a heavy feel to the album. Van Halen recorded guitar tracks for "Joy to the World" after not having been in the studio for some time but immediately made an impression on Lukather with his level of playing. Vai provided guitar work for "Carol of the Bells" along with Lukather's son Trevor, then 14 years old. Slash, who recorded his part in one take, played on the Lukather/Stan Lynch composition "Broken Heart for Christmas." Lukather spoke highly of Slash after the project, calling him the "Keith Richards of our generation." Famous session guitarist Michael Landau played on the song "Look Out You Angels," and there is a previously unreleased version of "Jingle Bells" sung by Sammy Davis, Jr.
Track listing.
All songs traditional arranged by Lukather/Babko except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="18803386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803386" title="Robinson House (Arlington, Massachusetts)">
Robinson House (Arlington, Massachusetts)

Robinson House, built in 1850, is an historic house at 19 Winter Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803394" title="2008 French Open – Legends Under 45 Doubles">
2008 French Open – Legends Under 45 Doubles

Arnaud Boetsch and Guy Forget were the defending champions, but lost in the round robin.
Goran Ivanišević and Michael Stich won in the final 6–1, 7–6(5), against Richard Krajicek and Emilio Sánchez.
Draw.
Group A.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 4) Steering Committee decision."
Group B.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 4) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="18803404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803404" title="Robinson-Lewis-G. F. Fessenden House">
Robinson-Lewis-G. F. Fessenden House

Robinson-Lewis-G. F. Fessenden House, built in 1850, is a historic house at 40 Westminster Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803418" title="Om (film)">
Om (film)

Om is a 2003 Bollywood action movie conceived and directed by noted action-film maker Ashok Honda. It stars then-newcomer Attin Bhalla as Om, Pankaj Dheer as Mr. Dhariwal, Sandali Sinha as Dhariwal's daughter Sandali and Sharat Saxena as the nefarious Inspector Katkar. The plot is somewhat convoluted and difficult to follow because the timeline frequently skips from past to present.
Plot.
Om has been banished from Mumbai for a period of 2 years. Shortly after the beginning of these two years, Mr.Dhariwal goes to Om's mother and begs that she call Om back to Mumbai. The reason he needs Om is because his daughter Sandali has been kidnapped by Ghotia Bhai, Dhariwal's associate. Ghotia Bhai wishes for Sandali to marry his son, Brandy. However, Dhariwal and Sandali do not want this so Om comes back to rescue the girl he cares for.
When Om arrives in the city, he is able to free Sandali and disposes of Brandy in the process. Inspector Nasir Pathan is the new chief of police in the district and since Om is not supposed to be back for 2 years, pursues him. He catches Om, arrests and puts him into jail and returns Sandali to her father. Upon further investigation though, Nasir Pathan uncovers an evil conspiracy against Om and his family. Not only had Om been unfairly banished for 2 years, his sister had also been murdered by Inspector Katkar.
Om and Sandali had fallen in love when they met a few months before. However, Mr. Dhariwal didn't want this marriage because in his wife's will, the boy that Sandali marries will get her wealth and Dhariwal would be left penniless. The reason she had stipulated this is because she did not trust her husband's ability to control his gambling and habit of vice. Dhariwal murdered his wife but no one found out. So he waited for years until Sandali grew up and he started looking for a boy he could manipulate into giving him half of his daughter's endowment. He asks Om to share the money with him upon his marriage to Sandali but the former refuses. This alarms Dhariwal so he turns to Inspector Katkar and along with Dhariwal's new wife, the cunning Celina, they both hatch an evil plan to ruin Om's name in the city, thereby making it difficult for Sandali to marry him.
Katkar arranges for Darren, Celina's secret paramour, to go to Om's house and act as if his younger sister was a prostitute and Darren was frequenting the house for this purpose. Om's sister is taken to jail and killed but Katkar disguises it as a suicide. Om gets to know of their plan to ruin his family's name (but not his sister's murder) and confronts Dhariwal, Darren and Katkar. Because he attacks Katkar, the inspector is able to exile Om for 2 years from Mumbai as a dangerous criminal.
When Sandali is returned to her father after Om rescues her, he is furious to find out that Om and she have consummated their marriage by exchanging vows. He quickly ignores this and wants her to marry Darren. However, before this can happen Celina divulges that Darren is her secret lover and she was simply using Dhariwal for his money. Dhariwal is incensed and shot to death by Celina with no remorse. Darren then disposes of Celina and prepares to marry Sandali so he can control all her wealth.
Om breaks out of jail where, after a thorough investigation, Inspector Nasir Pathan has just realised the truth about the conspiracy against him. Om also finds out that Katkar had killed his sister and confronts him. After a furious struggle, Om kills him. He then sets off to rescue Sandali from Darren, with Inspector Pathan in hot pursuit as well. Darren and Om have a long and intense fight but Om perseveres. He and Sandali then set off to marry, with Inspector Pathan watching and knowing that Om has been vindicated.

</doc>
<doc id="18803419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803419" title="Russell Common">
Russell Common

Russell Common, built in 1898, is a historic Shingle style row house at 2—10 Park Terrace in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It is located just northeast of the center of town, behind the retail stores on Massachusetts Avenue. It is accessible from the municipal lot behind the Jefferson Cutter House (entries from Mystic St. and Medford St.)
It was added to the National Historic Register in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803420" title="Nuclear umbrella">
Nuclear umbrella

Nuclear umbrella refers to a guarantee by a nuclear weapons state to defend a non-nuclear allied state.
It is usually used for the security alliances of the United States with Japan, South Korea, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (much of Europe, Turkey, Canada), and Australia, originating with the Cold War with the Soviet Union.
For some countries it was an alternative to acquiring nuclear weapons themselves; other alternatives include regional Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zones or Nuclear Sharing.
NATO.
NATO was formed early in the Cold War and, from the beginning, assumed American nuclear power as a major component of defense of Western Europe from possible Soviet invasion. Most non-Communist European states joined the alliance, although some (Ireland, Switzerland, Austria, Sweden, Finland) instead maintained an official policy of neutrality. Sweden and Switzerland considered developing their own nuclear weapons but abandoned the idea.
NATO involved others of the five official nuclear weapons states. The United Kingdom and Canada participated in the initial American development of the atomic bomb (Manhattan Project) during World War II, but were afterwards excluded from nuclear weapons secrets by act of the US Congress. Britain launched an independent nuclear weapons program; after Britain successfully developed thermonuclear weapons, the US and UK signed the Five Eyes treaty sharing American weapons designs, eliminating the need for independent development.
France developed a nuclear force de frappe and left the NATO command structure while continuing to be allied with the other Western countries. Nuclear Sharing was conceived to prevent further independent proliferation among the western allies. France later rejoined the NATO joint military command on 4 April 2009.
After the end of the Cold War, many Central and Eastern European countries joined NATO, although the original purpose of defense against the Soviet Union was by then obsolete. Some commentators opposed this NATO enlargement as unnecessarily provocative to Russia.
ANZUS.
As late as 1970, Australia considered embarking on nuclear weapons development but finally agreed to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. Since then Australia has been a proponent of nuclear disarmament.
The ANZUS alliance originally included Australia, New Zealand and the U.S., but after New Zealand's nuclear-free zone was proclaimed, the U.S. no longer considered the country to be under its nuclear umbrella.
Japan.
The Japanese nuclear weapon program was conducted during World War II. Like the German nuclear weapons program, it suffered from an array of problems, and was ultimately unable to progress beyond the laboratory stage. 
Following the Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, World War II and the deconstruction of the imperial military, Japan came under the US "nuclear umbrella" on the condition that it itself won't produce nuclear weapons. This was formalized in the Security Treaty Between the United States and Japan, which preceded the current security alliance, the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security between the United States and Japan.
Japan and the United States also have a major missile defense accord to mitigate the North Korean nuclear threat, among others and have deployed the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense System jointly.
Russian nuclear umbrella.
The term is far less used for Russian nuclear guarantees, but is seen occasionally.
Missile defense.
Missile defense would provide an "umbrella" of another kind against nuclear attack. This is not the conventional usage of "nuclear umbrella", but a rhetorical device promoting active defense over the nuclear deterrence the conventional "nuclear umbrella" depends upon.

</doc>
<doc id="18803429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803429" title="Ella Mahalla Cutter Sterling House">
Ella Mahalla Cutter Sterling House

Ella Mahalla Cutter Sterling House, built in 1840, is a historic house at 93 Summer Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803435" title="List of Arctic expeditions">
List of Arctic expeditions

This list of Arctic expeditions is a timeline of historic expeditions in, and explorers of, the Arctic.

</doc>
<doc id="18803436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803436" title="Crash Boat Beach">
Crash Boat Beach

Crash Boat Beach or Playa Crash Boat is a beach located in the northwestern Puerto Rican municipality of Aguadilla. It occupies the site of a former military port used to rescue downed air crews from Ramey Air Force Base and still retains some remains of pier infrastructure. The beach is primarily accessed by taking PR-107 to a spur signed, PR-458.
These remains have become a popular location for fishing and for jumping into the clear waters. Crash Boat also has two large sand beach areas for general bathing.

</doc>
<doc id="18803439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803439" title="Thomas Swadkins House">
Thomas Swadkins House

Thomas Swadkins House, built in 1882, is a historic house at 160 Westminster Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
The house was renovated and expanded in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18803451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803451" title="Henry Swan House">
Henry Swan House

The Henry Swan House, built in 1888, is a historic house at 418 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803455" title="Percy Smith">
Percy Smith

Percy Smith is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18803460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803460" title="Stephen Symmes, Jr. House">
Stephen Symmes, Jr. House

The Stephen Symmes Jr. House is a historic house at 215 Crosby Street in Arlington, Massachusetts. It is built on land that was held in the Symmes family since 1703, when it was purchased from a Native American. Although it has been claimed to date to 1746, the house was probably built in 1841, and may incorporate parts of an older building within it. The building is one of the finest examples of Greek Revival architecture in Arlington, with a pillared porch on two sides. The house is notable for its association with Stephen Symmes, Jr., who bequeathed this property to the town for use as a hospital. The land was deemed unsuitable for use as a hospital, and the town was granted permission by the probate court to liquidate the estate and use the proceeds to build a hospital elsewhere. This resulted in the construction of Symmes Hospital (no longer in business; site has been redeveloped) on top of a hill near Summer Street in 1909.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803465" title="FSF Trophy">
FSF Trophy

The FSF Trophy, or FSF-Steypið (as it was called in faroese), was a national football tournament, taking place on the Faroe Islands, and lasting only for 2 seasons. Its main purpose was to give the smaller teams on the Faroe Islands a chance to win a trophy, since many of these were traditionally eliminated from the Faroese Cup in the preliminary stages. Because of this, only teams from the 2. division and downwards were eligible to play.
B71 Sandoy won it the first year, made it to the finals again the second year, but were subsequently beaten by B68 Toftir.

</doc>
<doc id="18803471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803471" title="Taylor-Dallin House">
Taylor-Dallin House

The Taylor-Dallin House, built in 1899, is a historic house at 69 Oakland Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
Its significance is in part due to its association with sculptor Cyrus E. Dallin (1861-1944).
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803472" title="Boyd, Montana">
Boyd, Montana

Boyd is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Carbon County, Montana. Boyd was a stop on the Northern Pacific Rail en route to Red Lodge. A post office was first established at Boyd in 1909. Since 1965, the office has operated as a rural station or a CPO of Roberts with the ZIP code of 59013.

</doc>
<doc id="18803478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803478" title="Crystal City Internment Camp">
Crystal City Internment Camp

The Crystal City Internment Camp, located near Crystal City, Texas, was a place of confinement for people of Japanese, German, and Italian descent during World War II and has been variously described as a detention facility or a concentration camp. The camp, which was originally designed to hold 3,500 people, opened in December 1943 and was officially closed on February 11th, 1948. Officially known as the Crystal City Alien Enemy Detention Facility, the camp was operated by the Immigration and Naturalization Service under the Department of Justice and was originally designed to hold Japanese families, but later held German families as well, including many who were deported from Latin American countries to the U.S. A significant number of those incarcerated were native-born American citizens. The Crystal City Internment Camp was one of the primary confinement facilities in the United States for families during World War II.
The detention camps were described at the time as an "internal security" measure, but is now considered to have been "unjust and motivated by racism rather than real military necessity", as reported by the Commission on Wartime Relocation and Internment of Civilians. 
Establishment of camp.
Crystal City was one of the largest camps in Texas, along with Camp Kenedy and Camp Seagoville. Before the War, Crystal City had been a migrant labor camp that was surrounded by fields of the area’s most profitable crop, spinach. 
In January 1943, the Crystal City internment camp was opened because Camp Seagoville was too small and could not hold families brought from Latin America as well as the domestic incarcerees. All of the families from Camp Seagoville were moved to Crystal City except for couples without children, a few couples with toddlers, and unmarried females. The camp is named after the city where it is located, Crystal City, which is located south of San Antonio.
The incarcerees.
Latin Americans.
The United States government rounded up and arrested German and Japanese nationals who had been living in Latin America. Once these foreigners were incarcerated in the United States, they could then be repatriated to Germany or Japan. The INS internment stations located in various regions near New Orleans, Louisiana arrested more than 2,000 Latin American Germans and Japanese before relocating them to camps in Texas. The majority of the Latin American Japanese - nearly 1,500 people - Almoust more than 80% were Peruvian-Japanese that were moved to the Crystal City Internment Camp, of this By December 1945, approximately 1,260 Japanese Peruvians were exchanged out of Crystal City––600 to Hawaii and 660 to Japan––because Peru would not take them back after the war. Many Japanese Peruvians had to wait nearly two years after the war ended, caught in a legal limbo before their release. - See more at: http://www.thc.state.tx.us/preserve/projects-and-programs/military-history/texas-world-war-ii/world-war-ii-japanese-american-2#sthash.rsZDHEAe.dpuf
Out of the 800 Germans confined at Crystal City in 1944, 234 of them were Latin American Germans from Bolivia, Colombia, Guatemala, Costa Rica, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Haiti.
Germans and Japanese Americans.
The Crystal City camp also held Japanese and German Americans that previously lived in many different parts of the United States. American-born Japanese and Germans were arrested in large numbers and forcibly incarcerated at Crystal City and elsewhere. The first German American incarcerees arrived in December 1943 from Ellis Island and Camp Forrest. Many of the Japanese American incarcerees were transported from the West Coast while the German Americans were brought from numerous locations throughout the United States. The first Japanese were confined in Crystal City in March 1943. Most had been transported by train to Crystal City from other detention facilities in the West.
Internment life.
The idea of family internment was a new concept proposed with regards to the detention of German and Japanese aliens in World War II. In the Crystal City internment camp, German and Japanese internees lived separately from one another and were placed in two different sections of the Camp. Crystal City INS officials justified the segregation as a way to monitor both groups. The Crystal City Internment Camp received large numbers of detainees from other internment facilities in the United States and the camp became overpopulated. The camp's German section provided its internees with a German bakery, mess hall, community hall, and cottages. Large German families were given their own cottages that included showers, kitchens, bathrooms, and hot water. A weekly German language newsletter was published, with the tile "Unter uns". The Japanese section included a Japanese School, the Federal High School, the Federal Elementary School, a citrus orchard, and several recreational facilities such as tennis courts, basketball courts, a football field, and a swimming pool. The Japanese internees of the camp lived in housing with running water and iceboxes. 
Children.
Almost all of the children held at the Crystal City internment camp were native-born American citizens whose parents were alien non-citizens. Each child at the Crystal City Internment Camp received a liter of milk each day. Three schools were established: the German School, the Japanese School, and the American Schools of Federal Elementary and Federal High School. The schools provided the interned students with all of the basic programs that schools in Texas were required to have. Established in January 1943, the American School at the Crystal City Internment Camp educated over one thousand students before being closed in June 1946. The majority of the American School's students at Crystal City were Japanese American internees and a large number of the students were later accepted into various universities in the United States. The parents of German American students refused to send their children to the American School, preferring education at the German School. The German American children that transferred into the German School from the American School often struggled in the classroom because they were unable to speak German fluently. The German School and the American Schools had a similar enrollment and each school educated about 350 students. The Japanese School educated about 300 Latin American Japanese and Japanese American students. The Japanese School's curriculum resembled the curriculum students in Japan received, focusing on Japanese morals, ethics and physical education.
School closing.
On January 24, 1946 Crystal City Internment Camp official J. L. O'Rourke closed the German and Japanese schools and ordered that all remaining students enroll in the American schools. The American schools were then closed on June 28, 1946, but only 16 Japanese students still remained in Crystal City with their parents. The population of the camp was already low because numerous internees were repatriated to their native countries after the war ended. The INS rejected the proposed idea of transferring the Japanese students into public schools near Crystal City. Due to the INS decision and the lack of resources to move elsewhere, the remaining Japanese internees reinstalled the Japanese School.
Camp closing.
The last remaining detainees were Japanese Peruvians, who were prohibited from returning to Peru by that country's government but were treated as illegal immigrants by the U.S. government. Eventually, they were released and on February 11, 1948, the Crystal City Internment Camp was officially closed.
Legacy.
The site of the camp is now owned by the local school district, and is marked by a granite stone engraved with "World War II Concentration Camp, 1943-1946", which was installed in November 1985. The Texas Historical Commission undertook archaeological excavations at the site in April 2013, in preparation for nominating the site for listing on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18803480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803480" title="United States Post Office (Arlington, Massachusetts)">
United States Post Office (Arlington, Massachusetts)

The United States Post Office—Arlington Main, built in 1935, is a historic post office at 10 Court Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18803487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803487" title="Mike Kinnunen">
Mike Kinnunen

Michael John Kinnunen is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched in parts of three seasons between and . He holds the major league record for most pitching appearances without a decision of any kind (win, loss or save) with 48.
Kinnunen attended Washington State University, where he played college baseball for the Cougars from 1977–1979.
Kinnunen was selected by the Minnesota Twins in the 10th round of the 1979 Major League Baseball Draft, and was quickly promoted to the majors in 1980. Although he pitched reasonably well, he spent in the minors before being traded to the St. Louis Cardinals. He finally made it back to the majors in after bouncing around the minors for several years.
As of 2008, Kinnunen was living in Carolina, Puerto Rico, where he worked at Roberto Clemente Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="18803497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803497" title="Milestone (Arlington, Massachusetts)">
Milestone (Arlington, Massachusetts)

This Milestone, carved in 1790, is a historic milestone at the intersection of Appleton Street and Paul Revere Road in Arlington, Massachusetts. It denotes the point at which the historic road from Boston to Concord, Massachusetts was 8 miles from Boston.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803509" title="Lt. Benjamin Locke Store">
Lt. Benjamin Locke Store

Lt. Benjamin Locke Store, built in 1816, is a historic structure at 11—13 Lowell Street in Arlington, Massachusetts. It currently functions as a two-family private residence.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803525" title="Capt. Benjamin Locke House">
Capt. Benjamin Locke House

Capt. Benjamin Locke House, built in 1720, is a historic house at 21 Appleton Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18803527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803527" title="George Becker (composer)">
George Becker (composer)

George Becker (Georg) (24 June 1834 – 18 July 1928) was a German - Swiss composer and writer on music.
Becker was born at Frankenthal. He was the author of several books of some importance, such as, "La musique en Suisse, depuis les temps les plus reculés jusqu'à la fin du XVIIIème siècle" (Geneva, 1874), "Pygmalion de J.J. Rousseau, Eustorg de Beaulieu, Guillaume de Guéroult, Notice sur Claude Goudimel, Aperçu sur la Chanson française." For some time, at irregular intervals, Becker published a kind of periodical called "Questionnaire de l'association international des musiciens-écrivains", and he was a contributor to various periodicals, such as the "Revue et gazette musicale", the "Guide musical" of Brussels, the "Monatshefte für Musikgeschichte", the "Musical World", and the "Gazzetta musicale". He is believed to have died in Geneva.

</doc>
<doc id="18803538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803538" title="Edgar, Montana">
Edgar, Montana

Edgar is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Carbon County, Montana, United States. Although it is unincorporated, Edgar has a post office with a ZIP code of 59026. Edgar lies east of the intersection of U.S. Route 310 and Elwell Street. Edgar is south of Rockvale and northeast of Fromberg. Edgar is a small, agricultural community with a number of silos and elevators. It is also home to a bar & grill restaurant and some other services.

</doc>
<doc id="18803541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803541" title="John Gordon (Rhode Island)">
John Gordon (Rhode Island)

John Gordon (died February 14, 1845) was the last person executed by Rhode Island. His conviction and execution have been ascribed by researchers to anti-Roman Catholic and anti-Irish immigrant bias. As a result, he was posthumously pardoned in 2011. 
In 1844, Gordon was tried and convicted for the December 31, 1843 beating murder of Amasa Sprague, a Cranston textile factory owner. The murder occurred within the village of Knightsville, Rhode Island. Sprague was a member of a prominent Rhode Island family. His brother William was a United States senator. Six months before his murder, Amasa Sprague had used his family's political influence to have Cranston resident Nicholas Gordon's liquor license removed by the city council. (Sprague's employees were habitually getting drunk at Gordon's premises.) Nicholas Gordon and his brother John were Roman Catholic immigrants from Ireland. Nicholas, John and William Gordon (another brother) were all tried for murder, but only John was convicted, a conviction based on contradictory circumstantial evidence. William was found not guilty and in Nicholas's case, held after John's execution, the jury was hung. John Gordon was executed by hanging in the state jail in Providence. The court justices, which included Justice Job Durfee, that were involved in all three trials acted as both trial judges and the court of final appeal. Included in jury instructions, Durfee "told the jurors to give greater weight to Yankee witnesses than Irish witnesses."
Seven years after Gordon's execution, Rhode Island abolished the death penalty. Although it was reintroduced in 1872, no executions took place before capital punishment was abolished again by the state in 1984. In the 1990s, when the Rhode Island General Assembly considered reinstating the death penalty, Gordon's case has been used by those against reinstatement to demonstrate the dangers of capital punishment.
Rhode Island Governor Lincoln Chafee pardoned Gordon on June 29, 2011, following passage of legislation by the state's General Assembly urging such action. Chafee signed the proclamation of pardon at the Old State House, where Gordon's trial took place more than 150 years prior.

</doc>
<doc id="18803563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803563" title="Locke School">
Locke School

Locke School is a historic school at 88 Park Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1899 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. In 1984 it was converted into condominiums.

</doc>
<doc id="18803565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803565" title="Baseball at the 2003 Pan American Games">
Baseball at the 2003 Pan American Games

Cuba retained the Pan American Games baseball title, with its ninth consecutive gold medal at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
Tournament.
The competition had nine teams divided in two groups. In each group, each team played against all others once and the eight best records advanced to the quarterfinals. The best team from Group A played the lowest ranked team from Group B and vice versa. Ties within a group were broken by the team allowing the least number of runs passing to the knockout round.

</doc>
<doc id="18803578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803578" title="W.W. Kimball House">
W.W. Kimball House

W.W. Kimball House, built in 1850, is a historic house at 13 Winter Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803584" title="Mufti Baha-ud-din Farooqi">
Mufti Baha-ud-din Farooqi

Mufti Baha-ud-Din Farooqi: was the twelfth Chief Justice of the High Court of Jammu and Kashmir. He served as Chief Justice from March 7, 1983 to August 23, 1983 [http://www.jkhighcourt.nic.in/former.html]. He was also the founding Chairman of the Basic Human Rights Committee, an independent organization dedicated to the purpose of actively exposing and countering human rights violations committed by Indian Occupational Forces against the people of Kashmir. An eloquent writer and a passionate human rights activist, he wrote fearlessly to expose the tyranny of the Indian Government over the people of Kashmir: 
"That, nearly forty-two years back, India annexed the Jammu and Kashmir State by manipulation, fraud and force against the declared wishes of the people of the State. The people of the State scented mischief and continued the freedom struggle with added determination... That soon after the Indian Army landed in Kashmir, it mounted a powerful offensive on freedom fighters and imposed a reign of terror in the State. The Indian Government worked on the plan to weaken and dismember Pakistan and to maintain hegemony on Kashmir through sheer might" - [""My Frozen Turbulence in Kashmir","" 7th Edition," by Jagmohan, page 127-128.
Media coverage.
On June 15, 1990, Barbara Crossette [http://members.authorsguild.net/bcrossette/], a former New York Times correspondent and current member of the Council on Foreign Relations, reported on the work of Justice Farooqi in the years following the deployment of "thousands of Indian troops and paramiliary forces" in Kashmir that led to human rights violations in the region:
"In Srinagar, Mufti Bahauddin Farooqi, a former chief justice of the Jammu and Kashmir High Court, and his son, Showkat Ahmed Farooqi, a lawyer, have begun documenting allegations of human and civil rights violations against Kashmiris. 
Talking about their work in an interview at Justice Farooqi's home, they say they focus on both the state administration and on the array of federal forces deployed here: the Indian Army, the paramilitary Central Reserve Police Force, the Border Security Force, the Indo-Tibetan Border Patrol, National Security Guards and various intelligence agencies. 
Troops in Srinagar alone have commandeered at least 15 hotels as well as guest houses and private homes. 
Justice Farooqi said the armed forces were sent to Kashmir in contravention of Jammu and Kashmir's special status in the Indian Constitution" [http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9C0CE2D6103CF936A25755C0A966958260].

</doc>
<doc id="18803593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803593" title="Kensington Park Historic District">
Kensington Park Historic District

Kensington Park Historic District is a historic district between Kensington Park, Brantwood and Kensington Roads in Arlington, Massachusetts. The district includes 45 residences built in planned development circa 1900. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803595" title="Keith Walker">
Keith Walker

Keith Walker (born May 15, 1978) is an American professional wrestler who competes in North American and international promotions including Ring of Honor, Harley Race's World League Wrestling and Pro Wrestling Noah. 
In November 2006, he signed a World Wrestling Entertainment developmental contract and assigned to Deep South Wrestling and Florida Championship Wrestling before being released from his contract the next year. Since then, he and Rasche Brown have been competing as the SkullKrushers, and currently hold the record for the longest reign as NWA World Tag Team Champions.
Career.
Early life and career.
Born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, Walker was a wrestling fan as a child and whose favorite wrestlers included Hulk Hogan, Ric Flair and The Road Warriors (Hawk and Animal). He also often went to events at the Rosemont Horizon. Attending North Park University, Walker graduated with a bachelor of science and a degree in exercise physiology as well as having an athletic career competing in college football, baseball and wrestling. He also competed in amateur bodybuilding during college, winning second place in the 2002 and 2003 Mr. Illinois competition.
In 2003, he began training to become a professional wrestler. His trainer Eric Priest was himself trained by independent wrestlers Danny Dominion and Ace Steel. Prior to his debut, he had a brief stint with the National Indoor Football League playing for the Myrtle Beach Stingrays. Following his debut, Walker wrestled throughout the United States both under his real name and as Mike Venom, winning numerous championship titles on the independent circuit as well as facing his boyhood idols The Road Warriors in several tag team matches.
World League Wrestling.
Walker joined World League Wrestling soon after his debut and took part in the Harley Race-Pro Wrestling Noah training camp during 2005 and 2006. On September 24, 2005, Walker scored one of his first major victories defeating Kenny Omega, later aired by Pro Wrestling Noah on Japanese television, and feuded with WLW Heavyweight Champion "Wild" Wade Chism. At the end of the year, he lost to Chism in a three-way mach with Brutus "The Barber" Beefcake on December 10, 2005. The following month, the title was held up, in part to interference by the villainous referee Trevor Murdoch, during a match between the two in Eldon, Missouri on January 28, 2006. On February 24, Walker lost a 3-way dance when Jason Bates was pinned by Chism in St. Joseph. The next night however, Walker was pinned by Bates in a second 3-way dance with Chism to win the title. 
Walker also toured Japan with Pro Wrestling Noah in April. A month later, with manager Johnny Gold, he defeated Wade Chism for the WLW Heavyweight Championship in St. Joseph on May 13 although he lost it back to Chism two days later. In mid-June, he teamed with Shane Hagadorn against Irish Airborne (Jake and David Crist) and defeated Bobby Dempsey and C.J. Otis in a three-way match in back-to-back appearances for Ring of Honor.
On November 2, Walker was signed to a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment and left the promotion. He did, however, continue to make appearances with other independent promotions during the next week. On November 4, he lost to Tyler Black at a show for AAW in Berwyn, Illinois and, less than a week later, he and Egotistico Fantastico defeated Matt Longtime and Mickey McCoy at a Brew City Wrestling card.
World Wrestling Entertainment.
Deep South Wrestling.
A month after signing with WWE, Walker was assigned to its developmental territory Deep South Wrestling. On December 21, he made his debut losing to Jake Hager in a dark match. Early the next year, he wrestled as Keith Samson Walker against Kofi Nahaje Kingston and, the next week, under the name Keith Samson when he defeated Robert Anthony in a dark match on January 11, 2007. He would alternately use both names during his time with DSW and teamed with Johnny Curtis losing to The Major Brothers and Henry Godwinn and Ray Gordy. On March 1, he defeated Ray Gordy and, with Frankie Coverdale, lost a tag team match to Robert Anthony and Johnny Curtis later that night in what turned out to be his last appearance with the promotion.
Florida Championship Wrestling.
Two months later, he was assigned to another WWE developmental territory, Florida Championship Wrestling, making his debut in a tag team match with Rycklon Stephens to defeat Eric Perez and Kofi Nahaje Kingston on June 26, 2007. They also defeated Team Elite (Mike Knox and Derrick Neikirk) that same week. 
On August 4, he and Heath Miller lost to Jake Hager and Ted DiBiase, Jr. The next month, he defeated Hager and Neikirk in a three-way match on September 2. On September 15, he and Shawn Osborne lost to Egotistico Fantastico and Johnny Curtis. After another defeat by Ted DiBiase, Jr. on October 2, Walker was released from his WWE contract due to a "lack of progress".
Return to WLW.
On October 27, Walker made his return to World League Wrestling defeating Derek McQuinn for the WLW Heavyweight title in Waterloo, Iowa. On November 9, Walker also defeated Dinn T. More for the AWA-Brew City Wrestling Heavyweight Championship. The next night at the NWA Pro Wrestling Summit in Hammond, Indiana, Walker lost to Misterioso. On November 24, he lost to AAW Heavyweight Champion Jerry Lynn at an All American Wrestling event. He also teamed with Dan Lawrence to defeat Derek St. Holmes, Kris Hybrid and Bonebreaker Brooks on December 15, 2007.
National Wrestling Alliance and AWA Superstars of Wrestling / Wrestling Superstars Live.
At an event for Brew City Wrestling, he and Skullkrusher fought to a double-countout on January 12, 2008. He lost the WLW Heavyweight title a little over three months later to "The Masterpiece" Chris Masters on February 9 in Fordland, Missouri. On March 29, Walker lost to reigning AWA Superstars of Wrestling United States Championship Ricky Landell in an "MMA vs. Wrestling" match to crown the first WSL Fighting World Champion. Following this match, the United States title was abandoned. He later teamed up with Rasche Brown, formerly known as Skullkrusher, to form the Skullkrushers. On October 4, the Skullkrushers defeated Los Luchas to win the NWA World Tag Team Championship. Walker again defeated Landell on February 21, 2009 in Michigan City, Indiana to win the Wrestling Superstars Live World Heavyweight Championship. On November 20, 2010, Walker and Brown lost the NWA World Tag Team Championship to the Dark City Fight Club (Kory Chavis and Jon Davis), ending their reign at 778 days.
Pro Wrestling Noah.
On April 14, 2010 the team of Keith Walker and Bison Smith defeated Takeshi Rikio and Muhammad Yone to become the GHC Tag Team Champions in Osaka. On August 31, however, Walker's father died. He later chose not to immediately return to Japan, and on September 10 he and Bison Smith were stripped of the GHC Tag Team Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18803597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803597" title="Fox, Montana">
Fox, Montana

Fox is an unincorporated community in Carbon County, Montana, United States. Fox was named for Dr. J.M. Fox, first manager of the Rocky Fork Coao Co. & the Rocky Fork & Cooke City Railroad. At one time, Fox had 2 elevators & was the largest grain shipping point in Carbon Co. Finnish immigrant miners settled here, and as late as 1920 their children still spoke Finnish at home and on the playground, and English only in the classroom. Fox was an important stop on the Northern Pacific way to Red Lodge, and many of the buildings still stand, most notably the old Fox Elevator. Although it is unincorporated, Fox has a post office with a ZIP code of 59070. Fox lies on U.S. Route 212 southwest of Roberts and northeast of Red Lodge.

</doc>
<doc id="18803599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803599" title="House at 5-7 Winter Street">
House at 5-7 Winter Street

The House at 5-7 Winter Street, built in 1895, is a historic two-family house at 5–7 Winter Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803606" title="Hōjō Shigetoki">
Hōjō Shigetoki

Note:There were other "Hojo Shigetoki" within the ruling family, but with different characters.

</doc>
<doc id="18803607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803607" title="House at 5 Willow Court">
House at 5 Willow Court

The historic house at 5 Willow Court in Arlington, Massachusetts, was built in 1874 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803612" title="Isaac Landman">
Isaac Landman

Isaac Landman (October 24, 1880 – September 4, 1946) was an American Reform rabbi, author and anti-Zionist activist. He was editor of the ten volume "Universal Jewish Encyclopedia".
Biography.
Landman was born in Russia on October 4, 1880 to Ada and Louis Landman. He emigrated to the United States in 1890. He graduated from the Reform Hebrew Union College. In 1911, with the assistance of Jacob Schiff, Julius Rosenwald, and Simon Bamberger, he founded a Jewish farm colony in Utah. In 1913 he married Beatrice Eschner. During World War I he was "said to be the first Jewish chaplain in the United States Army to serve on foreign soil". 
He was a leader in Jewish–Christian ecumenism. He was editor of "American Hebrew Magazine" from 1918, served as the delegate of the Union of American Hebrew Congregations to the 1919 Paris Peace Conference.
Landman had also been a prominent opponent of Zionism: when, in 1922, the United States Congress was considering the Lodge–Fish resolution in support of the Balfour Declaration, Landman and Rabbi David Philipson had presented the Reform movement's (then) anti-Zionist position to the House Committee on Foreign Affairs. Landman also printed many opinions against the resolution and Zionism in his "American Hebrew Magazine". The bill was eventually unanimously supported by both houses of Congress, and approved by President Harding.
He became rabbi of Brooklyn's Congregation Beth Elohim in 1931. Three years later he began editing the "Universal Jewish Encyclopedia", which was published in ten volumes in the 1940s. He died on September 4, 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="18803615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803615" title="House at 45 Claremont Avenue">
House at 45 Claremont Avenue

House at 45 Claremont Avenue, built in 1885, is a historic house at 45 Claremont Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18803620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803620" title="Ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics – Women's tournament">
Ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics – Women's tournament

The women's tournament in ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics was held in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, from 13 to 25 February. Eight teams competed, seeded into two groups. Canada won the final by a score of 2–0 over the United States, who were awarded silver. The bronze medal game was won by Finland with a 3–2 victory over Sweden in overtime.
The tournament consisted of 20 games: 12 in the preliminary round (teams play the other teams in their own group); 4 final classification games; 2 semifinal games; 1 bronze medal game; and 1 final.
The tournament had a total attendance of 162,419, an average of 8,120 spectators per game, making it the most attended IIHF-run women's hockey tournament of all-time.
First round.
Group A.
All times are local (UTC-8).
Group B.
All times are local (UTC-8).
Classification round.
Fifth place semifinal.
All times are local (UTC-8).
Seventh place game.
All times are local (UTC-8).
Fifth place game.
All times are local (UTC-8).
Final round.
Semifinals.
All times are local (UTC-8).
Bronze medal game.
All times are local (UTC-8).
Final.
All times are local (UTC-8).
Final rankings.
The final rankings of the 2010 Winter Olympics Women's Ice Hockey Tournament are as follows:
Statistics.
Leading scorers.
Hat trick scorers
Leading goaltenders.
"Goalies with 40% or more of their team's total minutes"
Shutout posters
Awards.
Canada's Meghan Agosta was named the most valuable player and received the Directorate Award for best forward of the tournament. Directorate Awards also went to Molly Engstrom (United States) for best defenceman, and to Shannon Szabados (Canada) for best goaltender.
The tournament all-star team was voted on by the international media at the conclusion of the event. The following players were named:

</doc>
<doc id="18803625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803625" title="Minister for Foreign Affairs (Gabon)">
Minister for Foreign Affairs (Gabon)

Here is a list of Gabon's Foreign Ministers.

</doc>
<doc id="18803646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803646" title="Luther, Montana">
Luther, Montana

Luther is an unincorporated community in Carbon County, Montana, United States. Although it is unincorporated, Luther has a post office with a ZIP code of 59068. Luther lies on Montana Highway 78 southeast of Roscoe and northwest of Red Lodge.

</doc>
<doc id="18803689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803689" title="Ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics – Women's qualification">
Ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics – Women's qualification

Eight teams qualified for the women's ice hockey tournament at the 2010 Winter Olympics. The top six teams in the IIHF World Ranking after the 2008 Women's World Ice Hockey Championships received automatic berths into the Ice Hockey event. Lower ranked teams had an opportunity to qualify for the event. Teams ranked 13th and below were divided into two groups where they played in a first qualification round in September 2008. The two group winners from the round advanced to the second qualification round, where the teams ranked 7th through 12th joined them. In the second qualifying round, played in November 2008, the teams were again divided into two groups. The two group winners China and Slovakia advanced to the Olympic Ice Hockey Tournament.
Qualified teams.
^Harbin is the site for 2008 World Championships only, thus the site where qualification through the rankings is determined.<br>
Note: Canada, USA, and Sweden had already mathematically qualified after the 2007 World Championships.
First round.
The following teams were ranked 13th and below in the IIHF World Ranking. They were seeded according to their ranking, with the two group winners advancing to the final qualification tournaments.
Group A.
All times are local (UTC+1).
Group B.
All times are local (UTC+2).
Second round.
By being ranked 7 through 12 in the final 2008 IIHF World Rankings, the following teams qualified for the qualification tournament. There were two winners from these tournaments that advanced to the Olympic tournament.
Group C.
All times are local (UTC+1).
Group D.
All times are local (UTC+8).

</doc>
<doc id="18803693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803693" title="Liukin">
Liukin

Liukin (), feminine form Liukina () is a Russian family name. 

</doc>
<doc id="18803700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803700" title="Ghulam Hussain (politician)">
Ghulam Hussain (politician)

Ghulam Hussain is a Pakistani medical practitioner and politician.
He got his bachelor of medicine in 1963 and worked as a general practitioner 1963-1972 and 1974-1977.
He was a close ally of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto and the co-founder of the Pakistan Peoples Party, ex-General Secretary of the PPP, also one of the writers of Pakistan's first constitution in 1973.
He practised as a doctor in Mandi Bahauddin for some time and gained popularity for his charity work. He joined Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto and formed the Pakistan Peoples Party. He won election and became a Member of the National Assembly of Pakistan (MNA) and later a Minister.
He was arrested and deported by Gen Zia-ul-Haq in the early 1980s.
Childhood to mid-life.
Hussain was born in the village of Jammarghal, union council Dara Pur, Tehsil & District Jhelum. His father was Haji Muhammed Akbar and his mother Hajjan Rasul Bibi; they were both farmers. His parents had three sons and two daughters. The names of the sons are Ghulam Hussain, Ghulam Mustafa and Ghulam Ahmad. Ghulam Hussain has two sister, Ghulam Fatima and Late Fazil Bibi.
The boys attended school in the village of Chakri three miles away every day. Hussain graduated top of his middle school, Chakri Rajgaan Teh. Jhelum, in 1952, then matriculated from Muslim Model High School, Lahore. He finished his high school in 1954 and then joined Government College Lahore where he gained a B.Sc in biology in 1958. He graduated with an MBBS from King Edward Medical College Lahore in 1963.
Early career.
He started medical practice at Mandi Bahauddin in 1963. Because this was the nearest town from his village. He used to visit his native area on every Friday and treated free of cost. He started to organize Kayssan Council of his native area in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="18803726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803726" title="Folly (allegory)">
Folly (allegory)

Folly () was a common allegorical figure in medieval morality plays and in allegorical artwork through the Renaissance. The depiction is generally of a young man, often similar in appearance to a jester or the tarot card, The Fool. In contrast to the many obvious classical allusions in such works, the depictions owe little to the Greek goddess Atë.
In drama, the character tempts the protagonist into foolish action, successfully or not. In an allegorical painting, the figure may be counterpoised to Prudence, representing a choice, or alone, representing the unwisdom of the actors in the painting.

</doc>
<doc id="18803751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803751" title="C. J. Peters">
C. J. Peters

Clarence James Peters, Jr, M.D. (b. 23 September 1940, Midland, Texas), known as C. J. Peters, is a physician, field virologist and former U.S. Army colonel. He is noted for his efforts in trying to stem epidemics of exotic infectious diseases such as the Ebola virus, Hanta virus and Rift Valley fever (RVF). He is an eminent authority on the virology, pathogenesis and epidemiology of hemorrhagic fever viruses.
Biography.
Peters grew up in Odessa, Texas. At Rice University, he initially majored in chemical engineering, but switched to chemistry his junior year after taking courses with Thomas Brackett. He obtained his medical degree at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and served his residency in internal medicine at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School. He developed an interest in tropical medicine and virology while serving five years as a research associate at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease intramural laboratory in Panama. Upon returning Stateside, he completed his fellowship in immunology at the Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation. 
He entered active duty in the U.S. Army and from 1977 through 1992 held several positions at the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases (USAMRIID), Fort Detrick, Maryland, where he worked on biodefense and hazardous virus research. His positions there ranged from research scientist and Medical Division chief to Disease Assessment Division chief. He led the team that controlled a 1989 Ebola introduction into a monkey facility in Reston, Virginia (a story recounted in Richard Preston’s best-selling 1994 book "The Hot Zone"). 
From 1992 to 2000 Peters was head of the Special Pathogens Branch at the Centers for Disease Control where he investigated hazardous emerging viruses. These included the agent causing the new disease hantavirus pulmonary syndrome in the southwestern US, which he discovered and named. He also led efforts in Africa (Ebola, Marburg, Lassa, Rift Valley fever), Asia (Nipah virus in Malaysia), and South America (Bolivian hemorrhagic fever, hantavirus pulmonary syndrome, Venezuelan equine encephalitis) to control outbreaks.
Since 2000, Peters has been the John Sealy Distinguished University Professor of Tropical and Emerging Virology at the University of Texas Medical Branch (UTMB) at Galveston, where he has an active research program in SARS, Rift Valley fever, and other human pathogens. He is a professor in the department of pathology and in the department of microbiology and immunology. He is a member of the World Health Organization Collaborating Center for Tropical Diseases. He is also director for biodefense at the UTMB Center for Biodefense and Emerging Infectious Diseases. 
Peters has published more than 300 papers on research and control of viral diseases including more than 70 publications on Rift Valley fever virus and more than 60 publications on arenaviruses. He has served on numerous committees dealing with disease problems world wide and has been called back as a consultant to CDC and USAMRIID on influenza, vaccines, and other issues after his departure. He consulted with Taiwan on SARS control.
Current work.
Most of Peters' current work in the laboratory deals with Bunyaviridae (including the phylogeny of phleboviruses such as Rift Valley fever (RVF), Arenaviridae (Lassa fever, South American hemorrhagic fevers) and SARS CoV. He runs an active program of human and animal vaccine development for RVF using reverse genetics. He and his colleague Ilya Frolov are developing alphavirus replicon vectored RVF vaccines for use in livestock and ultimately in humans. His arenavirus research concentrates on the effects of infection on cellular function, particularly those molecular interactions related to vascular permeability. SARS-CoV work includes antiviral drug development, model characterization, and interferon interactions. The Galveston National Laboratory, a Biosafety Level 4 laboratory, opened in 2008 at the University of Texas Medical Branch to allow scientists there to work safely with any pathologic agent. Peters expects to transition some of the projects to higher hazard viral hemorrhagic fevers and to develop projects on other viruses such as tick-borne flaviviruses, highly virulent avian influenza strains, and Nipah virus, a new, highly virulent paramyxovirus.

</doc>
<doc id="18803777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803777" title="MG14">
MG14

MG14 or Manly Graduate 14ft is a two-person skiff with a wave piecing hull and asymmetrical spinnaker. It was designed in 1963 at Manly Sailing Club in Sydney. The MG14 and was originally used as a stepping stone between the smaller Manly Junior and the larger skiffs such as the 14ft skiff and 49ers. 
The MG was originally designed with a double luff spinnaker, but now is rigged with an asymmetric spinnaker - giving great performance, ease of use and tactical gybing downwind. 
The NS14, based on the MG, has the same hull designs but the class does not allow spinnakers or trapeze (sailing)s. The NS14 and MG14 share the same restricted development rules, with hull and sail measurements.
The MG has various hull designs of the same relativity, but with variances in stability or speed on certain angles. 
The MG is now a high performance machine, with skiff performance to rival any other single trapeze boat of its size. Keeping the modest sail area, however, has ensured entry level skiff sailors, and older sailors, can still compete and race. It is a performance boat - that places emphasis on technique, finesse and strategy - rather than brute force!
The MG14 is a popular class with fleets in New South Wales, Queensland, Victoria and even some boats in the Australian Capital Territory. 
The Class has a tight set of rules so the boats can modernise but the older ones still remain competitive for many years. Because of this MG's have good resale value. 

</doc>
<doc id="18803784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803784" title="Sum Mo Chikan">
Sum Mo Chikan

Sum Mo Chikan is an album by Super Chikan released 2007. 
Produced and mixed by Lawrence "Boo" Mitchll and Charley Burch. Burch secured Super Chikan a record deal with Vizztone Records.
Track listing.
James “Super Chikan” Johnson is todayʼs Delta Bluesman, hatched in Clarksdale, Mississippi, just like the Blues itself. He has released five acclaimed albums and his newest, “Sum Mo Chikan” reveals both the traditions he learned there and his own distinctive personality. One of his trademarks is the spontaneous fun and humor he brings to his music, both live and recorded. Whenever you hear him, itʼs 3 a.m. Sunday morning in a crowded roadhouse. 
Super Chikan is recognized worldwide as one of todayʼs most entertaining and authentic Blues performers. He was nominated for a Best New Artist W.C. Handy Award in 1998, received five Living Blues Awards, an Excellence in Performance Governorʼs Award from Mexico City, and a Mississippi Governorʼs Award for Excellence in the Arts. Thatʼs a long way to go with cluckinʼ and pluckinʼ. Another Super Chikan trademark is his “chik-can-tars” – he crafts ornate, funky gas can and broomstick stringed instruments on which he paints scenes from the Delta. They are symbols of a life of making do with what he had in order to give voice to his talent, as authentic and original as the Blues itself. He also plays the hell out of more conventional electric guitars. 
When he was a boy, he tried to talk to chickens and understand their fascinating sounds. He earned his “Chikan Boy” nickname. As he grew up with the sounds of the barnyard and Blues all around him, he learned to play and was inspired by Jimmy Reed, Elmore James, Lightninʼ Hopkins, and Slim Harpo. Soon he was performing with his uncle, Big Jack Johnson, and Sam Carr, Frank Frost, Wesley Jefferson, and Jackie Brenston. Growing as a musician, Super Chikan combined his influences and stage experience with his own personality and found his own original voice and approach. He is poised to build on his accomplishments and talent with his most powerful CD yet. “Sumʼ Moʼ Chikan” was recorded at legendary producer Willie Mitchellʼs Royal Studios in Memphis and is not only the latest but the most fully realized expression of his musical personality. 
Super Chikan crows, “I'm left brained, left minded, left eyed, left handed, and left out!" He can't say the "left out" part anymore. He has brought his roadhouse show to concerts and clubs all over the world, and “Sum Mo Chikan” has brought him new friends and fans.

</doc>
<doc id="18803787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803787" title="Port Hudson State Historic Site">
Port Hudson State Historic Site

The Port Hudson State Historic Site is located on the Mississippi River north of Baton Rouge near Port Hudson, Louisiana. The site is the location of the longest siege in American history during the American Civil War from May 23 through July 9, 1863. The state of Louisiana maintains the site, which includes a museum about the siege, artillery displays, redoubts and interpretive plaques. Living history re-enactments are held each year.
National Historic Landmark.
Port Hudson was designated a National Historic Landmark on May 30, 1974. New housing developments and utility lines within the landmark are damaging both surface features (trenches and earthworks) and subsurface archeological resources.
Addition.
An addition to this historic site includes where African American troops made their first major assault in the Civil War. This addition was made possible by The Conservation Fund using its Battlefield Revolving Fund established by grants from The Gilder Foundation and contributions from a number of partners.
Archaeology Surveys.
A survey of Union Siege Battery 8 was conducted by archaeology students from Louisiana State University. Goals of the survey included locating the exact boundaries of the battery and finding evidence of a zigzag trench, or sap, that historical accounts say the Union troops dug from the battery to a short distance from the Confederate lines. The project will also produce a digital topographical map of the area so that park staff may overlay with historical maps.
Battery 8 is located in the northeast portion of the Union Siege lines (view 1864 map).

</doc>
<doc id="18803825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803825" title="Mary Riggans">
Mary Riggans

Mary Riggans (19 July 1935 – 2 December 2013) was a Scottish actress, best known for playing Effie in "Take the High Road" and Susie Sweet in "Balamory". She began her acting career in 1946, when she did a voiceover at the age of 10, and went on to star in TV, radio and theatre productions.
Acting.
Riggans was best known for her role as Effie Macinnes on the Scottish television soap opera, "Take the High Road" from the early 1980s until the last episode in 2003. She appeared as Susie Sweet in "Balamory", a children's TV programme (2002-05), and as Sadie in "Still Game" (2002–07).
Death.
Riggans died in her sleep at her Edinburgh home on 2 December 2013, a year after suffering a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="18803831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803831" title="Switching time">
Switching time

For a frequency synthesizer, the switching time or more colloquially the switching speed is the amount of time from when the command for the next frequency is requested until the time that the synthesizer's output becomes usable and meets the specified requirements. Such requirements will vary depending on the design of the synthesizer. In the 1970s switching speeds ranged from 1 millisecond to 10 microseconds. A more general statement has been given by James A. Crawford: 50 reference cycles as a general rule of thumb. By this rule, a reference frequency of 50 kHz has a settling time of 1 millisecond. Two other authors state (Hamid Rategh and Thomas H. Lee) that the switching time (i.e., settling time) is a function of the percentage change in the feedback division ratio. So according to them, the delta N over N itself determines the switching time, where N is the frequency synthesizer's feedback divisor.

</doc>
<doc id="18803833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803833" title="Disconnected (Beat Union album)">
Disconnected (Beat Union album)

Disconnected is the debut album of the band Beat Union. It is produced by John Feldmann, producer and frontman of Goldfinger.

</doc>
<doc id="18803875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803875" title="The Pride">
The Pride

The Pride may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18803886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803886" title="Abbotsford West">
Abbotsford West

Abbotsford West is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It will came into effect in 2009, and was first be contested in the British Columbia general election, 2009.
Member of Legislative Assembly.
On account of the realignment of electoral boundaries, most incumbents did not represent the entirety of their listed district during the preceding legislative term. Mike de Jong, British Columbia Liberal Party was re-elected in 1996, 2001 and 2005 to the Abbotsford-Mount Lehman riding. He was also successful elected in this new redistricted riding in the 2009 election.
Electoral history.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|18,802
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|16,111
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="18803898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803898" title="Abbotsford-Mission">
Abbotsford-Mission

Abbotsford-Mission is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It came into effect upon the dissolution of the 38th BC Parliament in April 2009, and was first contested in the ensuing election.
Member of Legislative Assembly.
On account of the realignment of electoral boundaries, most incumbents did not represent the entirety of their listed district during the preceding legislative term. Randy Hawes, British Columbia Liberal Party was initially elected during the 2005 election and 2001 election to the Maple Ridge-Mission riding.
Electoral history.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"| 20,533
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="18803909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803909" title="Lake Fish Hatchery Historic District">
Lake Fish Hatchery Historic District

The Lake Fish Hatchery Historic District comprises nine buildings built between 1930 and 1932 by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in the National Park Service Rustic style. The buildings exhibit a consistency of style and construction, with exposed gable trusses and oversized paired logs at the corners, all with brown paint. The district is located on the shore of Yellowstone lake near the Lake Hotel The hatchery was established to provide Yellowstone cutthroat trout eggs for state and federal hatcheries outside of Yellowstone.
History.
By the early 20th Century, a number of hatcheries were established in the park by the U.S. Bureau of Fisheries including hatcheries at Yellowstone Lake and Soda Butte Creek. The current Lake Fish Hatchery replaced an earlier hatchery at Lake. These hatcheries not only produced stocks for the park, but also took advantage of the great spawning stock of Yellowstone cutthroat trout to supply eggs to hatcheries around the U.S. Between 1901 and 1953, 818 million trout eggs were exported from the park to hatcheries throughout the U.S.
The hatcheries and stocking operations had both positive and negative impacts on the quality of angling in Yellowstone National Park in the first half of the 20th Century. Many native populations were displaced by non-natives, but there was quality brown and rainbow trout fishing in the Firehole, Madison and Gibbon rivers. Ultimately stocking and hatchery operations negatively impacted Yellowstone cutthroat, westslope cutthroat trout and arctic grayling populations in the park. In 1953 the National Park Service began closing the hatcheries and stopping stocking operations. The last fish stocked for the benefit of anglers was in 1955 after some 310 million fish had been released in park waters since 1889. The last hatchery was closed in 1957.
Description.
The chief building of the district is Building 725, the South District Office for the park and the former Fish and Wildlife Service messhall. The building was built in 1935 using a "logs out" technique of construction, in which the log frame is exposed on the outside and the sheathing is set in, giving the interior a smooth wall finish. Building 726 was the hatchery, built in a similar style about 1930 and transferred to the Park Service in 1959. The one story building encloses about . An arched log truss is a prominent feature of the end elevation, together with a rubblestone chimney. Building 729 was an office and summer residence for the Fish and Wildlife Service's hatchery director. Built in 1932, the one story building matches its neighbors, in an L-shaped plan. Buildings 730 and 731 are smaller residences, built about 1931. Building 732, a garage, was built in 1930 with six bays. Building 733 was a FWS bunkhouse, built in 1930 with about . Building 735, a wash house, and 737, an oil house, complete the ensemble.
The district was originally under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, but with the cessation of hatchery operations, it is now owned by the National Park Service. The hatchery messhall became the office for the southern district of the park. The former bunkhouse also became Park Service offices. The Lake Hatchery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 25, 1985

</doc>
<doc id="18803915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803915" title="Huisman">
Huisman

Huisman is a occupational surname of Dutch origin. "Huisman" translates to "houseman", and is an archaic term for a farmer who owns his farm. Common variations are Huismann, Huismans, Huijsman, Huijsmans, Huysman, and Huysmans. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18803921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803921" title="Charlie Thomas (politician)">
Charlie Thomas (politician)

Charles Humbert Thomas (24 June 1915 – 14 January 1976) was a Progressive Conservative party
member of the House of Commons of Canada. He was born in Fredericton, New Brunswick and became a businessman and wholesaler by career.
He was first elected at the Moncton riding in the 1968 general election, then re-elected there in the 1972 election. Charlie Thomas left federal office when he was defeated at Moncton by independent candidate Leonard Jones in the 1974 federal election.

</doc>
<doc id="18803933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803933" title="Southern Lee High School">
Southern Lee High School

Southern Lee High School is one of two high schools in Sanford, North Carolina. The high school is located on 2301 Tramway Road, in Sanford and serves grades 9–12. The school mascot is the cavalier and the school's colors are blue and orange. 
Baltimore Ravens wide receiver, Aaron Mellette, played for the football team here.

</doc>
<doc id="18803940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803940" title="Chilliwack-Hope">
Chilliwack-Hope

Chilliwack-Hope is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It was first contested in the 2009 British Columbia General Election. The riding was formed from an amalgamation of parts of Chilliwack-Kent, Yale-Lillooet, Chilliwack-Sumas, Vancouver-Garibaldi, and Maple Ridge-Mission.
Member of Legislative Assembly.
On account of the realignment of electoral boundaries, most incumbents did not represent the entirety of their listed district during the preceding legislative term. Barry Penner, British Columbia Liberal Party was initially elected during the 2005 election and 2001 election to the Chilliwack-Kent riding. He successful ran for re-election again in the 2009 election in the Chilliwack-Hope riding.
Penner resigned the seat on January 9, 2012, and Gwen O'Mahony won the subsequent by-election on April 19, 2012.
Electoral history.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"| 20,452
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"| 14,375
!align="right"| 100
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"| 26
!align="right"| 
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"| 14,401
!align="right"| 41.12
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|16,865
!align="right"|100
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|95
!align="right"|0.56
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|16,960
!align="right"|51.85

</doc>
<doc id="18803976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803976" title="Westside-Kelowna">
Westside-Kelowna

Westside-Kelowna is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It was first contested in the ensuing election. The riding was created out of parts of Okanagan-Westside, Kelowna-Lake Country and Kelowna-Mission. 
Just weeks after the 2013 British Columbia election, newly re-elected MLA Ben Stewart resigned to allow Premier Christy Clark, who had lost her own seat, to run in a by-election.
Electoral history.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|22,243
!align="right"|100.00
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|215
!align="right"|0.97
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Electors on the list
!align="right"|44,830 
!align="right"| 
!align="right"| 
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|22,458
!align="right"|50.10
!align="right"|+2.75
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|19,379
!align="right"|100.00
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|107
!align="right"|0.55
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|19,486
!align="right"|47.35
^ Change based on redistributed results

</doc>
<doc id="18803977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18803977" title="Ronaldo Cecilio Leiva">
Ronaldo Cecilio Leiva

Maj. Gen. Ronaldo Cecilio Leiva Rodríguez is a Guatemalan military officer, who served as the Minister of Defence from 29 December 2006 to 14 January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18804001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804001" title="Martin Bongo">
Martin Bongo

Martin Bongo (born July 4, 1940) is a Gabon political figure and diplomat. He was the Foreign Minister of Gabon from 1976 to 1989.
Bongo, a nephew of President Omar Bongo, was born in Lekei, located in Haut-Ogooué Province. In 1989, President Bongo appointed his son, Ali-Ben Bongo, to succeed Martin Bongo as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Bongo was the Special Representative of the African Union to the Democratic Republic of Congo as of 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18804010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804010" title="Penticton (provincial electoral district)">
Penticton (provincial electoral district)

Penticton is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It was contested for the first time in the 2008 election.
Electoral history.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|22,888
!align="right"|100%
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="18804028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804028" title="Scholten">
Scholten

Scholten is a surname of Dutch origin. It generally has an occupational root, where the forebear was a '"scholte" = schout, but can also be patronymic, as "Scholte" once was used as a given name. The name is fairly common in the Netherlands, ranking 60th in 2007 (13,129 people). Variations include "Scholte", "Scholtens" and the more common "Schouten". People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18804030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804030" title="Elmhurst, California">
Elmhurst, California

Elmhurst, California may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18804049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804049" title="Prince George-Mackenzie">
Prince George-Mackenzie

Prince George-Mackenzie is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It came into effect upon the dissolution of the BC Legislature in April 2009, and was first contested in the 2009 provincial election. It will next be contested in the 2013 provincial election.
Election results.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|16,883
!align="right"|100%
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="18804057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804057" title="Polygonum coccineum">
Polygonum coccineum

Polygonum coccineum, commonly called water smartweed, is a perennial herb in the genus "Polygonum". 

</doc>
<doc id="18804063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804063" title="Stefanie H. Weill Center for the Performing Arts">
Stefanie H. Weill Center for the Performing Arts

The Sheboygan Theatre (now Stefanie H. Weill Center for the Performing Arts) is a historic theater in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, United States. Designed in the Spanish Colonial Revival style, it was constructed in 1928 for the Milwaukee Theatre Circuit of Universal Pictures Corporation at a cost of $600,000. The theater is an especially fine and intact example of the "atmospheric" type of movie theater developed in the 1920s. 
In 1996 the newly formed Sheboygan Community Theatre Foundation Inc., purchased the building for the purpose of preserving, restoring and overseeing the future operation of the historic theater. 
The property was placed on the National Register of Historic Places by the United States Department of the Interior, and the State of Wisconsin Register of Historic Places by the State Historical Society of Wisconsin, on December 22, 1999. The Weill complex includes many of the buildings in the block in which the theater stands, adapted for use by the theater.

</doc>
<doc id="18804064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804064" title="Phil Paine">
Phil Paine

Phillips Steere Paine (June 8, 1930 – February 19, 1978) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched all or part of six seasons between and .
In , while serving in the military, Paine pitched in nine games for the Nishitetsu Lions, becoming the first former major leaguer to play in Nippon Professional Baseball. This feat occurred on August 23, 1953.
Death.
On February 19, 1978, Phil Paine died at the Veterans Hospital near Lebanon, Pennsylvania of a brain tumor.

</doc>
<doc id="18804067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804067" title="Yousuf Rahman">
Yousuf Rahman

Yousuf Rahman (more commonly known as Yousuf Babu) was a Bangladeshi cricketer, who played regularly for the national side from 1976-77 until his retirement in 1983-84. He top scored with 78 against the MCC at Dhaka in January 1977. He also holds the distinction of being the first Bangladeshi to score an international hundred, with 115 against PNG in 1982. In the early part of his career, he used to bat in the middle order, but from 1979-80 season onwards he was a regular opener. He was also a useful medium pacer.
Hero of Dhaka.
In 7–9 January 1977, Bangladesh played against the MCC at Dhaka. Afer winning the toss, the home side captain Shamim Kabir decided to bat first. Yet, midway through the day, Bangladesh were struggling at 145/6. Only the skipper with 30, and the ever-reliable Omar Khaled Rumy with 28 showed any resistance. Coming on to bat at no 8, Yousuf Babu changed the course of the innings. After sharing a partnership with Faruk (35), he got the tail to support him, and they took the score to 266/9 (Decl). His 78 was the highest score of the match for either side.
He was always successful in international matches at Dhaka. A year later, against a very strong Lankan bowling attack, he scored 37 & 41*. Most of the other batsman around him collapsed against the varied attack of the Lankans. In February 1978, he scored 30 against the visiting Decan Blues side. In 1980-81, he scored a half-century against the MCC at Dhaka. During January 1984, he was consistently among the runs against the relatively weaker oppositions in the South East Asian Cricket Cup. His highest 69* came against HongKong. Quite appropriately, he retired from international cricket at Dhaka after playing against the Hyderabad Blues side in the 1983-84 season. And he finished with a bang, scoring 35 and 44.
In ICC Trophy.
He had a disappointing ICC Trophy in 1979, scoring just 30 runs in 3 innings, and failing to take any wicket. He, however, topped the batting averages of his side in 1982, thanks mainly to his hundred against PNG. His hundred came before lunch, and along with Nazeem Siraji (52) he gave the innings a solid beginning. Unfortunately, there was a late-order collapse and PNG won the match by 3 wickets. Overall, he finished with 214 runs at an average of 35.66. In the low-scoring game against East Africa, he became the unlikely hero with the ball taking 3/16. 
As a bowler.
Apart from his success against East Africa, there had been a number of other occasions when Yousuf Babu had contributed with the ball. Just days after hitting 78 against the MCC, he showed the tourists that he could bowl as well as bat, taking 4/37 at Jessore, while playing for the South Zone. He took 3/59 against Sri Lanka at Chittagong in 1978. His best effort in one day cricket came against Dilip Doshi's West Bengal side, at Dhaka (in 1983). His 3/18 helped the local side bowl the opposition out for only 175 runs. The following year, during the tour of Kenya, he failed with the bat, but emerged as his team's most successful bowler. (12 wickets at 17.42 runs) 
His younger brother Samiur Rahman was also a cricketer. He represented Bangladesh in two ODIs and two ICC Trophy tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="18804095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804095" title="Prince George-Valemount">
Prince George-Valemount

Prince George-Valemount is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It came into effect upon the dissolution of the BC Legislature in April 2009, and was first contested in the 2009 provincial election. It will next be contested in the 2013 provincial election.
Member of Legislative Assembly.
Its MLA is Shirley Bond of the British Columbia Liberal Party. Bond was initially elected to the district of Prince George-Mount Robson.
Election results.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|17,620
!align="right"|100%
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
! style="text-align:right;" colspan="3"|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|17,927
!align="right"|100%
! style="text-align:right;" colspan="3"|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|114
!align="right"|0.6%
! style="text-align:right;" colspan="3"|Turnout
!align="right"|18,041
!align="right"|52%

</doc>
<doc id="18804100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804100" title="John Garrison">
John Garrison

John Garrison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18804106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804106" title="Ralph Stewart">
Ralph Stewart

Ralph Stewart is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18804109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804109" title="Eolophotes">
Eolophotes

Eolophotes is an extinct genus of Lampridiformes.

</doc>
<doc id="18804114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804114" title="Burnaby-Lougheed">
Burnaby-Lougheed

Burnaby-Lougheed is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It was first contested in the 2009 general election in which Liberal, Harry Bloy was elected MLA.

</doc>
<doc id="18804126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804126" title="Shoreline (disambiguation)">
Shoreline (disambiguation)

Shoreline is shore.
Shoreline may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18804135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804135" title="Signature Properties">
Signature Properties

Signature Properties is a real estate developer based in Pleasanton, California in the eastern San Francisco Bay Area that constructs housing in the United States, primarily in the state of California. The company president is Mike Ghielmetti.
History.
Signature Properties was founded in 1983. The firm has built over 50 communities totaling in excess of 5,000 housing units over the 15-year period between 1983 and 2010. The company's projects are centered in Northern California, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area and Sacramento Region.
External links.
http://www.sighomes.com

</doc>
<doc id="18804137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804137" title="Velifer hypselopterus">
Velifer hypselopterus

Velifer hypselopterus, the Sailfin velifer, is an Indo-Pacific velifer. This species grows to a length of TL. This species, like the other one in the family Veliferidae, is monotypic of its genus. It is of minor importance in commercial fisheries.

</doc>
<doc id="18804138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804138" title="Stassi Schroeder">
Stassi Schroeder

Stassi Schroeder (born Nastassia Bianca Schroeder, June 24, 1988) is an American television personality, model and fashion columnist. She is most known for her role on the reality TV series "Vanderpump Rules".
Early life.
Born in New Orleans, Louisiana to Mark Schroeder, an architect. She has a younger brother, Hunter. When she was 11, Schroeder began taking theater classes at her local high school. When she turned 18, she decided to move to Hollywood and attended Loyola Marymount University, earning her a Bachelor's degree in English Writing.
Career.
In 2005, Schroeder appeared as a contestant on the reality game show "The Amazing Race", alongside her father, her step-mother, Char, and her brother. After the filming of the show, the Schroeder's house was flooded and destroyed by Hurricane Katrina. They stayed with another family from the show while they rebuilt their house.
While going to school in 2008, she was on the TV series "Queen Bees". After graduating, Schroeder worked as a model for several years, appearing in magazines like Italian Vanity Fair, 944, and Us Weekly. In 2010, she started working at Lisa Vanderpump's restaurants Sur and Villa Blanca, which then in turn earned her a spot on the reality TV series "Vanderpump Rules" in 2013, following the lives of the Sur and Villa Blanca servers. It is a spin off from the "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills", also starring Vanderpump.
She is currently a fashion columnist for "The Divine Addiction" an online magazine run by Vanderpump's daughter, Pandora.

</doc>
<doc id="18804143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804143" title="Les Litanies de Satan">
Les Litanies de Satan

"Les Litanies de Satan" is a poem by Charles Baudelaire, published as part of "Les Fleurs du mal". The date of composition is unknown, but there is no evidence that it was composed at a different time to the other poems of the volume.
The poem is a renunciation of religion, and Catholicism in particular. It includes a blasphemous inversion of the Kyrie Eleison and the Glory Be, parts of the Catholic Mass, or it substitutes Satan for Mary and liturgy directed towards her. Swinburne called it the key to "Les Fleurs du mal". The poet empathises with Satan, who has also experienced injustice and can have pity for those who are outcasts. But for political reasons, Baudelaire had to preface the poem with a note explaining he had no personal allegiance with Satan. Even so, "Les Fleurs du mal" led to he and his publishers being fined for "insult to public decency".
The poem is an inspiration to Satanists to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="18804146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804146" title="Port Coquitlam (provincial electoral district)">
Port Coquitlam (provincial electoral district)

Port Coquitlam is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada. First established following the 1988 redistribution, it was contested in the 1991 and 1996 elections before being superseded by Port Coquitlam-Burke Mountain. The district was reestablished by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It was again contested in the 2009 election in which New Democrat, Mike Farnworth was elected its MLA.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|20,326
!align="right"|100%
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|106
!align="right"|0.52%
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|20,432
!align="right"|55.21%
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="18804156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804156" title="Joseph Knight (horticulturist)">
Joseph Knight (horticulturist)

Joseph Knight (7 October 1778 – 20 July 1855), gardener to George Hibbert, was one of the first people in England to successfully propagate Proteaceae. He is remembered as the nominal author of a publication that caused one of the biggest controversies of 19th-century English botany.
Career.
Born in Brindle, Lancashire, he became head gardener to George Hibbert, who was an enthusiastic amateur botanist. Hibbert became caught up in the craze for cultivating Proteaceae, and as a result Knight became adept at their cultivation and propagation. He eventually set himself to write a book on their cultivation, which would be published in 1809 under the title "On the cultivation of the plants belonging to the natural order of Proteeae". Despite the title, this book contained only 13 pages related to cultivation techniques, but over 100 pages of taxonomic revision. Although not explicitly attributed, this 100 page revision is known to have been contributed by Richard Salisbury. In it, Salisbury published for the first time many plant names that he had memorised from Robert Brown's reading of his "On the Proteaceae of Jussieu" to the Linnean Society of London in the first quarter of 1809, which was subsequently published in March 1810. Knight and Salisbury thus beat Brown to print and claimed priority for the names that Brown had authored. As a result Salisbury was accused of plagiarism, ostracised from botanical circles, and his publications were largely ignored during his lifetime. Although Salisbury's generic names have almost all been overturned, many of his specific names have been reinstated; since the nominal author was Knight, not Salisbury, Knight is now considered the author of a great many Proteaceae species.
On Hibbert's retirement around 1829, Hibbert passed his collection of living plants on to Knight, and helped him set up a nursery on Kings Road in Chelsea. It traded initially under the name "Royal Exotic Nursery", and later, after partnering with Thomas Aloysius Perry, who married Knight's niece, as "Knight & Perry". This nursery was a great success, and would eventually be sold and become one of the famous Veitch Nurseries.
Personal.
In 1820 Knight married Mary Lorymer. In 1831, he gave money to his old Parish in Lancashire, Brindle St Joseph's, to build a new school. This building is still in use as the Parish Hall. Some time after his wife's death in 1845, Knight built a mansion, "Bitham House", in Avon Dassett, retiring there with his niece and Perry. Shortly before his death, he built a Catholic church of St Joseph in Avon Dassett. This was consecrated on 3 July 1855, only seventeen days before Knight's death on 20 July 1855.

</doc>
<doc id="18804167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804167" title="Robert Aagaard">
Robert Aagaard

Robert Aagaard OBE JP ( ; 27 June 1932 – 1 April 2001) was an English furniture maker and conservator, magistrate, and founder of the youth movement Cathedral Camps.
Early life.
The son of Villien Valdemar Aagaard and Florence Aagard (née Brooke), Aagaard was born at Norwich in 1932, after his father's family had migrated from Denmark at the time of the rise of Fascism in Germany. He was educated at the junior and senior schools of Gresham's School, Holt, from 1941 to 1949, where he was a member of Farfield. His exact contemporaries at Farfield included Martin Burgess, later a master clockmaker.
Career.
After National Service, Aagaard worked at Woolworth's, a company of which his father was a director. However, his love of antique furniture led him to train as a furniture maker, in the Cotswolds and at Harrogate, Yorkshire. At Harrogate he had his own showrooms and an operated a factory at Knaresborough which made period fireplaces and decorations needed by conservation schemes, with thirty employees.
Aagaard was Managing Director of Robert Aagaard Ltd (Antiques), from 1960 to 1980, and the company's consultant, 1980 to 1995; a Director of Aagaard-Hanley Ltd, Fibrous Plasterers, 1970 to 1980, and Consultant, 1980 until his death; Consultant, Robert Aagaard & Co., Period Chimneypieces and Marble Processing, from 1995. He acted as a specialist consultant to the National Trust, supervising important projects in England and Scotland, and as Secretary of the Harrogate Antiques Fair. 
He became a Justice of the Peace for North Yorkshire, serving as a magistrate on the Harrogate bench for twenty years.
Cathedral Camps.
With his wife, Fiona, Aagaard was the founded Cathedral Camps in 1980 and served as its Chairman until his death. This is a youth movement recognised as a residential section of the Duke of Edinburgh's Award. The beginning of the movement came when the Dean of Ripon Cathedral asked Aagaard to organise on a voluntary basis the restoration of a house the cathedral owned. While this work was in hand, he visited his son who was staying at a National Trust Acorn Camp and realised that cathedrals could also harness the enthusiasm of young people, training them as volunteer labour and giving them in return an interesting working holiday. 
In the early 1980s, the Aagaards raised funds and found trustees, including architects, artists, and deans of cathedrals. Establishing a supply of suitable tools and conservation materials, insurance, accommodation, and transport all needed careful planning. In the twenty years during which Aagaard headed the organization, Cathedral Camps enabled some nine thousand students to spend time working and living in cathedrals. Camps were organized every year at twenty-four centres, mostly English cathedrals, but also some larger parish churches and some Church of Scotland, free church and Roman Catholic places of worship.
Church of England appointments.
Aagaard was a churchwarden at Knaresborough and from 1995 a member of the General Synod of the Church of England. He was Chairman of the Ripon Diocesan Advisory Committee and a member of the Ripon Cathedral Fabric Advisory Committee from 1993, a member of the Bradford Cathedral Fabric Advisory Committee from 1997, of the Cathedrals' Fabric Commission for England, from 1995, and of the Ripon Diocese Redundant Churches Uses Committee, from 1984.
Private life.
In 1960, he married Fiona Christine Drury, and they had two sons and one daughter. 
In "Who's Who", he gave his recreations as "Gardening, walking" and his address in the year of his death as Manor House, High Birstwith, Harrogate, North Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18804170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804170" title="Joseph Knight">
Joseph Knight

Joseph Knight is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18804173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804173" title="Port Moody-Coquitlam">
Port Moody-Coquitlam

Port Moody-Coquitlam is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It was first contested in the 2009 general election in which BC Liberal Iain Black was elected as its MLA. Black resigned effective October 3, 2011, so he could accept a job as the president and CEO of the Vancouver Board of Trade.
Election results.
! style="text-align:right;" colspan="3"|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"| 11,497
!align="right"| 100
!align="right"|
! style="text-align:right;" colspan="3"|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"| 45
!align="right"| 
!align="right"|
! style="text-align:right;" colspan="3"|Turnout
!align="right"| 11,542
!align="right"| 32.07
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="18804181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804181" title="Palaeocentrotus">
Palaeocentrotus

Palaeocentrotus is an extinct genus of Lampridiformes.

</doc>
<doc id="18804184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804184" title="Battle of Bajaur">
Battle of Bajaur

The Battle of Bajaur or Operation Sherdil was a military offensive in the Bajaur region of Pakistan launched by the Frontier Corps supported by a Combat Brigade of the Pakistan Army. The Bajaur area had been under Taliban control since early 2007, and was said to be Al-Qaeda's main command and control hub for operations in Northeast Afghanistan, including Kunar province. Bajaur is now cleared of Taliban.
Ambush in Bajaur.
In early August 2008, a post was established by the Frontier Corps to take control of the border crossing near the town of Loyesam, 12 km from Khaar, the Bajaur Agency administration headquarters, from militants loyal to the Tehrik-e-Taliban, the so-called Pakistani Taliban. Loyesam (or Loisam) is a strategic position that controls the passage into Afghanistan's Kunar province. The 150-strong force drawn from the paramilitary Frontier Corps were surrounded by several hundred Taliban fighters, and heavy fighting erupted as they tried to break out. After a three-day battle the Pakistani troops retreated from Loyesam back to Khaar, and the Taliban seemed victorious.
Operation Sherdil.
However, several days later the Frontier Corps began a large-scale offensive under the command of Major-General Tariq Khan, codenamed Operation Sherdil (Lionheart), with the objective of regaining control of Bajaur from the Taliban. About 8,000 troops belonging to the FC and Army were involved, backed by Cobra attack helicopters and fighter jets that pounded Taliban holdouts. To support the Army, Pakistan Air Force responded with aggressive air campaigns. Pakistani military sources indicate that the army has been surprised by the resistance the insurgents have been putting up. The Taliban have been using advanced tactics, fighting from prepared defenses.
By the end of the year the Army claimed to have killed more than 1,000 militants, including the local Al-Qaeda commander, an Egyptian called Abu Saeed Al-Masri. The Army suffered 82 killed. The Pakistani army has also encouraged local tribes to rise against the Taliban, by raising "lashkars" (tribal militias) to fight alongside the government forces. The Salarzai tribe, that reportedly counts 4,000 armed fighters, responded favourably to this initiative. On 7 October, the Salarzai elders announced that they had cleared their tribal territory of militants, and requested the deployment of government troops to consolidate the gains they had made.
According to several sources, the 20 September Islamabad Marriott Hotel bombing may have been carried out in retaliation for the military offensive in Bajaur.
On 8 October, during a briefing to the Parliament, the military announced that 2,744 militants, including 321 foreigners, had been killed and 1,400 injured since the start of the operation in the whole of Pakistan. On 25 October, the Pakistan Army reported that they had recaptured Loi Sam from the Taliban. In Bajaur itself by 25 October 500 militants were reported to have been killed. By the end of 2008 security forces were in control of the main road Torghudai, Nawagai, Uttmankhel Area and Salarzai Area. By mid 2009, the Security forces controlled bulk of Mamond and Chahrmang valleys as well.The final operation was launched in February 2010 with fresh re-enforcements to mop up the last pockets of militants including the notorious Damadola stronghold and finally Bajaur was declared clear in March 2010. Completion of kinetic operations resulted in massive surrenders and beginning of Cordon and Search Operations.
Strategic significance.
Opinions by military leaders during the early stages of the battle asserted it to be a deciding showdown in Pakistan's war against Taliban forces. Military officials allegedly said the conflict "could decide the fate of other tribal areas" with Bajaur possibly being the most important militant stronghold outside of Waziristan. An influx of Taliban fighters from the Kunar Province across the border in Afghanistan, diverting resources from the battle there against the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), was seen as a further sign of the defining nature of the battle.
Defeat of the Taliban.
On 28 February 2009, the Security Forces finally defeated the Taliban and other Islamist militants in Bajaur, which was a strategically important region on the Afghan border. Major-General Tariq Khan, who was commanding the military operations in five of the seven agencies, said the Army and the Frontier Corps had killed most militants in Bajaur, the smallest of the agencies but a major infiltration route into Afghanistan, after a six-month offensive. By the time the six-month long battle in Bajaur was over, the Pakistan Army killed over 1,500 militants while losing 97 of their own soldiers and another 404 soldiers seriously injured.
Leadership.
Maj Gen. Tariq Khan.
Gen. Tariq Khan served as the Inspector General of the Frontier Corps during Operation Sherdil. He is known as the architect of the Battle of Bajaur. He is largely credited with transforming the Frontier Corps into a highly efficient and professional counter terrorism force. He personally supervised all operations in Bajaur. His physical presence at the forward most positions during critical stages of the battle was an inspiration for the junior leaders and a morale booster for the troops.
Brig. Abid Mumtaz.
Brigadier Abid Mumtaz, served as the Officer commanding of Operation Sherdil in Bajaur. A commander noted for leading his troops from the front. He demonstrated an example of his dedication to service on 9 September 2008, when the leading force under his command reached Rashakai the line of communication was disrupted by the militants at Nissarabad, he chose to remain with the forward troops and physically led the forward forces in all link up attempts for 15 days, falling back to his headquarters only when the line of communication was restored. He was awarded for his gallant actions.
Brig. Zafar-Ul-Haq..
Brigadier Zafar-ul-Haq replaced Brig Abid Mumtaz on 24 February 2010. Brigadier Zafar-ul-Haq, is a chivalrous and brave commander who has launched numerous operations for final annihlation of Taliban phenomenon from Bajaur. He ensured expansion of security forces in every part of Bajaur. Brigadier Zafar-Ul-Haq has pushed the Taliban quite back away from the locals areas and has insured safety for the local people. Now Bajaur is completely free of Talibans because of the work that Brig Abid Mumtaz, Brig Zafar-Ul-Haq and all the other men who served with them.
Battalion Commanders (Operation Sherdil)..
Battalion commanders who served in operation sherdil and made the operation a resounding success were:-
It was the dedicated and unflinching faith of these commanders in their cause that the most resilient and tenacious Al-Qaeda and Taliban elements were defeatead and annihilated from the restive Valley of Bajuar. 
Col.Nauman Saeed.
Colonel Nauman Saeed, served as the operations commandant in Bajaur, he was posted in and was due to assume command on 14 August 2008. However owing to extraordinary operational circumstances he had to leave for Bajaur on 6 August 2008.
A party sent to set up a post at Loesam was surrounded by miscreants, Col. Nauman Saeed led a link up force on 8 August 2008 after a failed attempt to link up the previous day. The troops were ambushed at Tankhatta where they fought back and held their positions for over 8 hours against well entrenched militants to facilitate successful ex-filtration of the party surrounded at Loesam.
In another incident, the convoy of Inspector-General Frontier Corps Major-General Tariq Khan was ambushed on 9 September 2009 at Nissarabad. Col. Nauman went back to the ambush site with a tank and a Quick Response Force to extricate the crew of a vehicle that had been disabled by militant fire. In the process, the Colonel's tank received multiple hits by RPG-7s, his operator received a bullet injury yet they were able to punish the ambush site and successfully extricate the stranded vehicle along with the soldiers.
The colonel has been decorated.

</doc>
<doc id="18804188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804188" title="Paul Okoumba d'Okwatsegue">
Paul Okoumba d'Okwatsegue

Paul Okoumba d'Okwatsegue (born December 30, 1933) was a Gabonese political figure and diplomat. Born in Franceville, Gabon, he was the Foreign Minister of Gabon from 1974 to 1976. Later he was elected as Secretary-General of the Agency of Cultural and Technical Cooperation (ACCT), a francophone organization, at an ACCT meeting in Dakar on December 16–17, 1985.
As of 2005, Okoumba d'Okwatsegue was President of the "Héritage" foundation in Gabon.

</doc>
<doc id="18804199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804199" title="Lamar Buffalo Ranch">
Lamar Buffalo Ranch

The Lamar Buffalo Ranch was created to preserve one of the last free-roaming bison (buffalo) herds in the United States. The ranch was established in 1907 when 28 bison were moved from Fort Yellowstone to the Lamar Valley in the northeast portion of the park. The herd was maintained as a semi-domesticated source of additional bison the enhance the park's natural herd. The ranch supported bison ranching into the 1950s. As the ranched herd increased in size, it was released to the open range and it interbred with the wild herd. The ranch continued to be used to produce hay to feed the bison in the winter until the 1950s. Because the winter feeding program maintained the herd at artificially high levels and distorted the herd's distribution in the park, it fell from favor as the National Park Service adopted wildlife management policies that interfered as little as possible with each species' natural ecology.
The historic district comprises five buildings built between 1915 and the 1930s. The historic district includes the ranger station, built in 1915, the bunkhouse, built in 1929, a residence which was moved from Soda Butte in 1938, a 1927 barn and a corral The bunkhouse, its interior remodeled, is used by the Yellowstone Association, which conducts classes and seminars there.
See also.
Yellowstone Park bison herd

</doc>
<doc id="18804219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804219" title="Protolophotus">
Protolophotus

Protolophotus is an extinct genus of Lampridiformes.

</doc>
<doc id="18804227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804227" title="1. deild">
1. deild

1. deild is the second tier of football in the Faroe Islands, it was founded in 1942. The league is organised by the Faroe Islands Football Association.
It was previously called 2. deild and has been known as 1. deild since 2005, because the top division was renamed "Formuladeildin" for sponsorship reasons.
It currently has 10 participating clubs. At the end of each season, two teams are relegated and two promoted from what is now the Second Division, pending the fact that the winning team in any given division does not already have a senior team in the division it is being promoted to. In such cases the team that finished second will be promoted in its stead. If a team is relegated to a division where one of its teams are already playing, the second best team will move one division down, thereby saving another team from relegation.
History.
The league was founded in 1943 and was named "Meðaldeildin" (The Middle Division), this was 1 year after the founding of the First Division ("Meistaradeildin"). Though there was no promotion and relegation system at the time and both leagues operated separately from each other. This was partly because it was mostly made up of "B" teams from the clubs in the Meistaradeildin. One year after all leagues had to be suspended due to the allied occupation of the Faroe Islands by the British Army. The league then resumed the season after. 
From 1943 to 1975 it was called Medaldeildin, then the league structure changed in 1976. The Meistaradeildin was renamed 1. deild and the Medaldeildin was renamed 2. deild. Also from that season onwards clubs in 2. deild were awarded promotion into 1. deild. The first club to be promoted was Fram Tórshavn after they won the division for the first time in their history, though they finished bottom of 1. deild the following season and were relegated back into 2. deild.
The latest change to the league was made in 2004, when 1. deild was renamed as "Formuladieldin" for sponsorship reasons, 2.Deild adopted the name of 1.Deild, the third tier was renamed 2.Deild and the fourth tier became 3.Deild.
1. deild winners.
"Blank cells indicate where our research has not been able to find a definite entry"

</doc>
<doc id="18804241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804241" title="Dzoraget">
Dzoraget

Dzoraget (; until 1978, Kolageran) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18804260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804260" title="Cowichan Valley (provincial electoral district)">
Cowichan Valley (provincial electoral district)

Cowichan Valley is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It was first contested in the 2009 general election in which New Democrat, Bill Routley was elected MLA.

</doc>
<doc id="18804264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804264" title="Jean Rémy Ayouné">
Jean Rémy Ayouné

Jean Rémy Ayouné (born June 5, 1914) was the foreign minister of Gabon from 1968 to 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18804282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804282" title="...Go Down Swinging!">
...Go Down Swinging!

...Go Down Swinging! is the second and final studio album by Boston rock band The Acro-Brats, released on May 16, 2006 under Susspool Records. 
"Callout" is featured as a bonus track in the video game "Guitar Hero" for the PlayStation 2.
The song "Laughtrack" is a bonus song in the sequel game "Guitar Hero II" for PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360.
The song "Day Late, Dollar Short" is in the game "Rock Band" as a bonus track.

</doc>
<doc id="18804285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804285" title="Juan de Fuca (provincial electoral district)">
Juan de Fuca (provincial electoral district)

Juan de Fuca is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It was first contested in the 2009 general election, in which New Democrat, John Horgan was elected MLA.

</doc>
<doc id="18804308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804308" title="Esquimalt-Royal Roads">
Esquimalt-Royal Roads

Esquimalt-Royal Roads is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It was first contested in the 2009 election in which New Democrat, Maurine Karagianis was elected MLA.
The district includes communities that surround Esquimalt Harbour, including Esquimalt to the east and Colwood to the west. The "Royal Roads" in the district's name references the maritime passage that connects the Harbour to the sea and is the namesake of Royal Roads Military College.

</doc>
<doc id="18804314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804314" title="Shabana (film)">
Shabana (film)

Shabana is a blockbuster Pakistani Urdu colour film produced by A. Hameed and directed by Nazar Shabab. The film cast Shahid, Babra Sharif and Waheed Murad. The film was released on November 12, 1976 in Pakistani cinemas. The film completed more than 100 weeks on Pakistani cinemas and became a "Diamond Jubilee film". During the same year two more Diamond Jubilee Urdu films were released: Nadeem's "Talash" and Rahat Kazmi's "Aaj aur kal". "Talash" was directed by Pervaiz Malik. This film was released during the "struggling days of Waheed". In "Shabana", Waheed Murad had been cast in a secondary role. For Babra, the film gave a boost to her career and she won her first Nigar award as best actress. Before that in 1975 she had received a Special Nigar award for the film "Mera naam hai mohabbat". The best actress award was taken away by Shabnam for the film "Zeenat".
Release.
"Shabana" was released by Nazar Arts Productions on Pakistani cinemas on November 12, 1976. The film ran continuously 38 weeks on main cinema and 101 other cinemas in Karachi. The film created a history when it became the first Pakistani film to cross the double 'Diamond Jubilee' barrier i.e. a 200-week theatrical run in all over Pakistan.
Plot.
The story of the film is based on two sisters Shabana and Farzana (both the roles played by Babra Sharif), who have similar faces but different personality traits. Farzana is reserved and dutiful girl, whereas her sister Shabana is a lively, enthusiastic and bubbly type. Shahid played a role of a rich man's spoilt son and a playboy. Waheed Murad played a role of a suspicious husband.
The story starts when Shahid trapped Farzana (his office secretary) into a secret wedding, attended only by his closest aides and a dubious "maulvi". After having consummated the marriage Shahid informs his stunned bride that her services are no longer required and when she objects, he tosses her out of the apartment window, plunging her towards death. However, she survives and when she returns, her mother and Shabana are horrified to hear her story. Shabana decides to take revenge on Shahid for having deceived her saintly, legless and now pregnant sister. Shahid reels in horror when Shabana returns to the office pretending to be a resurrected Farzana and resumes her duties as secretary.
At about the same time, Shahid's younger brother Waheed Murad arrives home and finds his elder brother behaving in an abnormal, flustered manner. Now Shabana's plan kicks into gear and she begins to blackmail Shahid about the attempted murder and begins to make him pay for the cruelty that he inflicted on her (actually on her sister). Meanwhile Waheed and Shabana fall in love with each other and both get married. One day, just when Shabana has tortured Shahid sufficiently by singing to him and behaving like a punch-drunk retarded dwarf, Waheed overhears them and assumes that they are having a raging affair and were married before he met her. Finally, in a shattering climax, all is revealed and injustices are addressed.
Music.
The music and the songs, esp. "Tere siva dunya mein..." and "Jo dard mila, apno se mila..." of the film became very popular. The music is composed by M. Ashraf and the songs are written by Tasleem Fazli. An important thing to note is that most of the songs are picturised on Waheed Murad, who has played a 'secondary role' or 'side-hero' in the film. The songs are sung by legendary "ghazal" singer Mehdi Hassan and Nahid Akhtar.
Awards.
Shabana is the second highest recipient of Nigar film awards for 1976. They are listed as below:

</doc>
<doc id="18804331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804331" title="Trigeration Station">
Trigeration Station

"Trigeration Station" was the first album by San Diego rapper Mitchy Slick.

</doc>
<doc id="18804349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804349" title="Mount McMaster">
Mount McMaster

Mount McMaster is an outcrop above sea level, located about northeast of Mount Pardoe and west of Mount Elkins in Enderby Land, East Antarctica. The outcrop was named after A. McMaster, a surveyor with the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions Enderby Land Survey Party in 1976 who established a survey station on the summit.
Mount McMaster is the highest peak in Enderby Land, a territory claimed by Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18804351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804351" title="Alberni-Pacific Rim">
Alberni-Pacific Rim

Alberni-Pacific Rim is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada established by the "Electoral Districts Act, 2008". It came into effect upon the next dissolution of the BC Legislature in April 2009. It was first contested in the ensuing election.

</doc>
<doc id="18804356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804356" title="Nemaha Half-Breed Reservation">
Nemaha Half-Breed Reservation

The Nemaha Half-Breed Reservation was established by the Treaty of Prairie du Chien of 1830, which set aside a tract of land for the mixed-race, or Métis descendants of French-Canadian trappers and women of the Oto, Iowa, and Omaha, as well as the Yankton and Santee Sioux tribes. (In Canada such mixed-race people are known as "Métis"; they were numerous enough to develop their own ethnicity over the decades. In the twentieth century, they became organized politically and have gained recognition as a distinct ethnic group with status under the Indian Act.) 
Located in part of the Indian Territory, which was later in the Nebraska Territory and then the state of Nebraska, the tract's eastern border was the Missouri River. The reservation extended west for . The north/south borders were between the Little Nemaha River to the north and the Great Nemaha River, near Falls City to the south. 
In 1861 the Reservation was disbanded as a legal entity. The owners of plots were never required to live on the properties they had been allotted, and many eventually sold their lands to white settlers. Some white men married native women to get control of their property. One of the original survey lines has been followed (and identified) by the Half-Breed Road, which runs in a southeast direction from here. The descendants of some of these multicultural families still live in the area.
The Underground Railroad, a route staffed by volunteers' helping slaves escaped to the North, ran through the Reservation toward John Brown's Cave. This was its last stop, located north of the Tract.
History.
The Omaha and other tribes asked the government to set aside territory for their mixed-race descendants. Under the patrilineal systems of the Omaha and Osage, children of white fathers had no place in the tribes, where children belonged to their father's gens. Seeking to help mixed-blood Indian descendants get settled in society, the United States government designated allotments of land in western territory for their use. These were known as the Half-Breed Tracts. Because of American Indian tribes' rules of descent and membership, European-American society's discrimination, and the distance that such mixed-race families lived from most European Americans, the children of unions between European fathers and certain Indian mothers were often left outside the social networks of both societies. Generally Indian women and their French-Canadian trader husbands and children lived under the protection of the women's tribes, but their descendants were not considered members of the tribes unless they were officially adopted, as they had white fathers, so were considered "white". 
The Omaha and Osage tribal structures were divided into two "moitie," representing the Earth and the Sky. Each had five "gentes" or clans, considered to have been descended from an ancestor representing an element of each moitie. Each gens had a hereditary chief from the male line. Each moitie was represented by a head chief, and the two kept balance in the tribe. The clans had specific responsibilities related to their moitie. Children belonged to their father's gens, so within this structure, there was no place for children whose father was outside the culture, unless they were officially adopted into the tribe.
At the same time, the European-American "tribe" of the majority of the United States considered the children to be Native American, because of their mothers, although the United States society was generally patriarchal, and patrilineal in terms of inheritance and descent. 
The United States government selected an allotment of land along the Missouri River bluffs, an area described as "too steep and tree-covered for farming, fit only for hunting." It was described in the Treaty of Prairie du Chien of 1830, confirmed by the Otoe, Omaha, Missouria, and other tribes and the government, which established the rules for the half-breed tract. The government identified a tract of approximately .
The tract was located between the Little and Great Nemaha rivers (spelled "Ne-me-haw" on the map) in what became Nemaha County. By 1833 approximately 200 half-breeds lived on the designated land. It was not until 1854 that Congress authorized the reservation and the government established an eligibility list of potential landowners. By 1858 the list had 445 names of people eligible to receive each. By then, however, non-Indian squatters occupied almost half the land and the government did not evict them. When allotments were finalized on September 10, 1860, each eligible person received . Louis Neal received the first patent to own land on the reservation.
Owners were never required to live on their properties, and many eventually sold their lands to non-Indian settlers. One of the original survey lines is now partly marked by the Half-Breed Road which runs in a southeast direction from the Missouri River. Some of the descendants of the Métis still live in the area.
Since the land belonged exclusively to the Otoe prior to the exchange, the government worked to secure agreement by the Omaha, Iowa, and Yankton and Santee bands of Sioux to pay the Otoe $3000 for the rights of their "half-breeds" to live on the reservation. Original plans were for land ownership to be held in common, as other American Indian land titles were held. However, legislation included a provision allowing the US President to assign individual tracts to individual owners. In 1860, thirty years after the creation of the Reservation, the government moved to allot tracts to individual households, in an effort to force assimilation to European-American practices. This was the first time in the history of American acts and treaties that American Indians were allotted land in severalty.
Towns.
Barada.
In 1856 Antonine Barada, son of "Ta-ing-the-hae", an Omaha woman, and Michael Barada, a French fur trapper and interpreter, went to Nebraska from St. Louis to settle on the newly designated land. He did not receive a patent on his of land until 1860. It was in what is today Richardson County, Nebraska. In doing so, he became the first settler of Nebraska's newly designated Half-Breed Tract. A town named after him was established in that tract while Barada ran a fur-trading post there. 
There is evidence the Underground Railroad ran through this tract up to John Brown's Cave, located north.
St. Deroin.
Indian Cave State Park is located in the central section of the Nemaha tract. On its northern edge is the site of the town of St. Deroin, founded by "half-breeds" to serve their reservation. Joseph Deroin was the son of a Métis French Canadian trapper Amable De Rouins and his Oto wife. The De Rouins had traded along the Missouri River for decades; a trading post was already operating here when Lewis and Clark came through in 1804. 
The younger Deroin operated a trading post along the river's edge starting in 1840. He was killed in 1858 in a dispute over money as white settlers moved into the area and displaced Native residents. The town became predominantly European American, with settlers moving in around Deroin's trading post. They named the town St. Deroin. Since that time, most of the town has been washed away by floods, leaving only a cemetery and the St. Deroin School on the original location. Half Breed Creek, named after the tract, still flows through the area. 
Other notable residents of the tract included French-Canadian fur traders who had married Native American women, such as Charles Rouleau. Henry Fontenelle, a mixed-race son of Lucien Fontenelle, an ethnic French-American trader from New Orleans, and "Me-um-bane," a daughter of the Omaha principal chief Big Elk (1770-1846/1853), also had a plot there.
Closure.
Because of continued individual land sales, Nebraska's Half-Breed Tract vanished as a legal entity by 1861. Today much of the former reservation land is within the boundaries of the Indian Cave State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18804389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804389" title="Malika Kalontarova">
Malika Kalontarova

Malika Kolontarova (born September 2, 1950) is a Tajik-American dancer. She is known as the "Queen of Tajik & Eastern Dance." 
Biography.
Kolontarova was born with the name Mazol to Yashuva Kolontarov and Tamara Khanimova Kolontarova (both originally from Samarkand, Uzbekistan), a religious Bukharian Jewish family in Dushanbe, Tajikistan and was the youngest of her 5 sisters and 2 brothers. Mazol's father Yashuva wanted her to become a hairdresser like her older sisters but Malika refused and wanted to become a dancer instead. Her father later on let her pursue a career in dancing. Her director wanted her to change her name from Mazol to Malika. He said that Mazol sounded "too Jewish" and Malika means Queen in Arabic and Kolontarova danced like a Queen.
Malika began her career in 1965 with "Lola Dance Ensemble" and later on went to the "Worker Resources." From the beginning, her dance moves were completely in sync with the music. Kolantarova became one of the most famous entertainers in the USSR and in Central Asia. She performed all over the Soviet Union and all over Asia, not just in Central Asia. She was well known for her folk dances and the dances she created became a part of the Central Asian artistic culture. Kolontarova toured and performed different cultural dances in nations such as Japan, While in India, she appeared in some Bollywood films in the 1970s.
Kolontarova married Ilyas Gulkarov, a Bukharian Jewish doira player and "Honored Artist of Tajikistan." The two went on tour in Europe, Asia, and all over the Soviet Union. Kolontarova was given the country's highest honor when she was named People's Artist of USSR in 1984, becoming the only woman from Tajikistan to receive the title, after receiving the awards of "People's Artist of Tajikistan" in 1976 and "Honored Artist of Tajikistan" in 1972.
Kolontarova conquered the world with her fiery dancing. According to Igor Mosev, a director of an ethnic dance ensemble in the USSR, Malika is "an Eastern miracle" and she "made a revolution in Eastern popular dancing."
In 1993, Malika and her family moved to Queens, New York, United States during the collapse of the USSR to escape the poverty in Tajikistan. In America, Kolontarova continued her dancing career by opening up the "Malika's International Dance School" to teach young girls how to dance.
Kolontarova and Gulkarov live in Rego Park. They have two sons and three grandchildren. Their youngest son, Arthur, is also a dancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18804421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804421" title="Remember (High and Mighty Color song)">
Remember (High and Mighty Color song)

Remember is the 14th single from the Japanese rock band, High and Mighty Color, and was released on October 15, 2008.
Information.
"Remember" is the final single to feature Mākii as a member of the band, as she is to leave from the band at the end of 2008. A preview of the title track was released on September 3 as part of an overhaul given to the official website. Filming for the music video of "Remember" began on September 1. The video was filmed within the span of two weeks on location in Guam. The music video was released exclusively on the M-ON music channel on September 28. The band's official website describes the B-side, "Hana Fubuki," as a touching ballad.

</doc>
<doc id="18804433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804433" title="Scott Watkins">
Scott Watkins

Scott Allen Watkins is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Watkins pitched in for the Minnesota Twins, pitching in 27 games with no wins or losses.

</doc>
<doc id="18804451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804451" title="Vahagnadzor">
Vahagnadzor

Vahagnadzor (; formerly, Shagali) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia. The town has a ruined fortress.

</doc>
<doc id="18804474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804474" title="Cassius of Narni">
Cassius of Narni

Saint Cassius is venerated as a saint. He was a bishop of Narni in Umbria from 537 to 558, the date of his death. He was praised by St. Gregory the Great, and was noted for his charity. Cassius died at Rome after going on pilgrimage there. Cassius was married; his wife's name was Fausta.
In the year 878, Cassius’ relics were taken to Basilica di San Frediano in Lucca with those of Saints Juvenal of Narni and Cassius' wife Fausta They were taken by Adalbert, Margrave of Tuscany, but all of the relics were returned to Narni two years later. The relics of Saint Cassius were built in a restored shrine later known as the "Sacello di San Cassio". Juvenal’s relics are said to have been hidden.

</doc>
<doc id="18804534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804534" title="Satin, Texas">
Satin, Texas

Satin, Texas is an unincorporated community in Falls County, Texas, four miles from Chilton. Satin is located in the north part the county, on Farm to Market Road 434.
History.
Satin was established in 1872 after a sawmill was built near the current site, on Cow Bayou. The population grew when the San Antonio and Aransas Pass Railway built tracks there between 1889 and 1892. Before Satin, the town was previously named Laguna and Cedar Point. Satin was supposedly the name of a railroad employee once a post office, which is still running today, was established in 1917. The population peaked at 200 residents in 1931 but dropped afterwards and fell to 89 by 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18804536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804536" title="McNeil, Texas">
McNeil, Texas

McNeil is an unincorporated community in Travis County, Texas, United States. Its elevation is 830 feet (253 m). Although McNeil is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 78651. The population was 27,267 as of the 2010 census.
McNeil arose at the junction of two rail lines (I&GN and A&N), being named for a regional manager on the A&N. The community's post office was established in December 1888. McNeil High School was built in 1991.
The "McNeil" name is currently used mostly for the Austin White Lime Company facility and railroad junction. The surrounding areas have Austin, Texas mailing addresses. Austin White Lime operates a limestone quarry and a plant for the production of lime products.
The current rail lines are owned by the Capital Metropolitan Transportation Authority (Cap Metro) and the Union Pacific Railroad (UP). The Cap Metro lines are the former A&N rail lines. Cap Metro currently runs commuter rail and freight rail operations through McNeil. Freight operations on Cap Metro are operated under contract by Austin Western Railroad. Commuter rail operations use an overpass built in 2007 over the UP tracks. Freight operations use a diamond crossing with UP. Freight is interchanged between UP and Austin Western. BNSF serves Austin Western via trackage rights over UP.
Note: McNeil also refers to a small settlement located in Caldwell County, Texas, approximately northeast of the town of Luling. Settled mostly by immigrants after the American Civil War, McNeil was once a thriving farm community with its own school. Harvey King was known as the unofficial "Mayor of McNeil". As of 2010, a few original places of interest remain including McNeil Baptist Church founded in 1888 and McNeil Cemetery which occupies land first donated to Soda Springs Methodist Church by Margaret Smith Hinds circa 1867. Benton I. McCarley, who was killed in World War I, is buried in the cemetery and the American Legion Post in Luling is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18804538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804538" title="Dennis, Texas">
Dennis, Texas

Dennis is an unincorporated community in Parker County, Texas, United States. Its elevation is 728 feet (222 m). Although Dennis is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 76439.
N. M. Dennis, a local judge, founded the community at the spot of a bridge across the Brazos River in 1892. The community's post office was opened in 1895. Today, FM 1543 passes through the community.
As of the 2000 census the town has 90 residents. The town includes a post office, a volunteer fire station, Dennis First Baptist Church, and Sugar Tree Golf Course. The town is served by Brock ISD. There have been many attempts over the years to open a market in the town, but they have all failed for various reasons.
History.
In 1892, after a bridge was built across the Brazos River, Judge N. M. Dennis, a Parker County lawyer and farmer, developed the community to serve the farmers and ranchers of the area.
Geography.
Located southwest of Fort Worth (nearest metropolitan area), southwest of Weatherford, TX (nearest city), northwest of Granbury, TX, and southeast of Mineral Wells, TX; it is sandwiched between the communities of Brock (to the northwest) and Lipan (to the southwest) and Buckner (to the southeast).
The Brazos River runs through the middle of town. The farm to market road (FM) that passes through Dennis is 1189.

</doc>
<doc id="18804539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804539" title="Mound, Texas">
Mound, Texas

Mound is an unincorporated community in Coryell County, Texas, United States. Its elevation is 692 feet (211 m). Although Mound is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 76558.
Mound was settled early in the 1850s, before most other communities in Coryell County; it did not receive a railroad line until 1882 or a post office until 1884. Although Mound was long a center of education (it was named for the local White Mound School), in 1971 its schools were merged into the Gatesville Independent School District. Today, FM 1829 passes through Mound.

</doc>
<doc id="18804540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804540" title="Gober, Texas">
Gober, Texas

Gober is an unincorporated community in southeastern Fannin County, Texas, United States. Its elevation is 650 feet (198 m). Although Gober is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 75443, which first opened in 1879.
Gober was established as Grittersville in the 1840s; the name was changed in 1885 to honor the builders of the community's first mill, who were named Gober. The community has declined somewhat from its high point in the 1930s; today, it lies at the junction of FM 68 and FM 271.

</doc>
<doc id="18804542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804542" title="Karkop">
Karkop

Karkop () is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18804543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804543" title="Silver, Texas">
Silver, Texas

Silver is an unincorporated community in northwestern Coke County, Texas, United States. Its elevation is 2,100 feet (640 m). Although Silver is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 76949; the ZCTA for ZIP Code 76949 had a population of 30 at the 2000 census. Founded in 1890, the post office was temporarily closed from 1907 to 1908. 
Founded in the 1870s, Silver was long a center of ranching. However, the discovery of oil shortly after the end of World War II caused the community's population to boom, although the community has since declined.
References.
Silver was home to several camps of oil company employees in the 1950s and 1960s. It had an independent school district, which provided housing for teachers, offering education to the 8th grade. The town also had three churches, Baptist, Methodist and Church of Christ, a gasoline station and grocery store.
The oil companies moved their employees out in 1966. The school district then consolidated with Robert Lee ISD and closed the local school. Most of the houses in town were moved to other places, leaving the settlement largely depopulated.

</doc>
<doc id="18804544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804544" title="Delmita, Texas">
Delmita, Texas

Delmita is an unincorporated community in Starr County, Texas, United States. Its elevation is 272 feet (83 m). Although Delmita is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 78536.
Originally founded as Zaragosa in 1919, the community's name was changed to Delmita on April 1, 1931 due to confusion with the Reeves County community of Saragosa. The community's first post office was established soon after the community itself, but a new post office was constructed in 1991. Delmita's importance has declined through the years; in 1940, it was the most important community in the northeastern part of the county, but it has since been overshadowed by San Isidro.

</doc>
<doc id="18804548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804548" title="Nylon-eating bacteria and creationism">
Nylon-eating bacteria and creationism

The discovery of nylon-eating bacteria has been used by critics of creationism and intelligent design, in both print articles and on websites, to challenge creationist claims. These bacteria can produce novel enzymes that allow them to feed on by-products of nylon manufacture which did not exist prior to the invention of nylon in the 1930s. Critics of creationism have argued that this contradicts creationist claims that no new information can be added to a genome by mutation, and that proteins are too complex to evolve through a process of mutation and natural selection. Creationists have posted responses to these challenges on their own websites, which have in turn generated more responses from their critics.
Critics of creationism.
The issue was first raised by critics of creationism such as the National Center for Science Education, and New Mexicans for Science and Reason (NMSR) who stated that research refutes claims made by creationists and intelligent design proponents. The claims were that random mutation and natural selection can never add new information to a genome and that the odds against a useful new protein, such as an enzyme, arising through a process of random mutation would be prohibitively high.
Physicist Dave Thomas, the President of NMSR, has stated that gene duplication and frame-shift mutations were powerful sources of random mutation. In particular, in response to comments by creationists such as Don Batten, NMSR has stated that it was these mutations that gave rise to nylonase, even if the genes were part of a plasmid as suggested by Batten.
Creationists.
Proponents of Creationism, such as Answers in Genesis and Creation Ministries International, have cited analyses posted by Don Batten that cited scientific research that showed the genes involved were on a plasmid, and stated that the phenomenon is evidence that plasmids in bacteria are a designed feature intended to allow bacteria to adapt easily to new food sources or cope with toxic chemicals. Batten stated
"It seems clear that plasmids are designed features of bacteria that enable adaptation to new food sources or the degradation of toxins. The details of just how they do this remains to be elucidated. The results so far clearly suggest that these adaptations did not come about by chance mutations, but by some designed mechanism".
Opponents of creationism have dismissed Batten's analysis. NMSR has stated that the gene duplication and frame-shift mutations that gave rise to nylonase were powerful sources of random mutation, whether or not the genes were part of a plasmid as suggested by Batten. A posting at TalkOrigins Archive by Ian Musgrave states that bacteria carry many genes in plasmids, particularly those involved in xenobiotic handling or metabolic functions. He states that in "Pseudomonas", most of the xenobiotic degradation genes are on plasmids. Therefore it is entirely likely that a xenobiotic handling enzyme will arise from mutations of xenobiotic handling genes. The fact that these genes are on plasmids does not invalidate the fact that they exist, and exist only in two strains of bacteria. Musgrave also criticized Batten for mis-stating the conclusions of some of the authors of the scientific literature on nylon eating bacteria. 
Intelligent Design.
MSNBC published an editorial from science writer Ker Than that stated that the evolution of the enzymes, known as nylonase, produced by nylon-eating bacteria was a compelling argument against the claim made by intelligent design proponents that specified complexity required an intelligent designer, since nylonase function was both specified and complex. The intelligent design proponent William Dembski posted a response that questioned whether the genetic changes that produced nylonase were complex enough to be considered specified complexity. Ken Miller said that intelligent design proponents claim that we can't see either design or evolution taking place and that therefore intelligent design and evolution are both just matters of faith or world view. However, Miller said, the evolution of the enzyme nylonase, which scientists were able to repeat in the lab with another strain of bacteria, is one of a number of cases that show that evolution can be observed as it occurs.

</doc>
<doc id="18804561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804561" title="Roraima Airways">
Roraima Airways

Roraima Airways is a regional airline of Guyana with its main hub at the Kaieteur International Airport. Roraima Airways was founded in 1992.
History.
Roraima Airways was founded in 1992 to serve tourists to get them around Guyana to destinations like Kaieteur Falls, and also Mount Roraima. All flights begins at Georgetown's Cheddi Jagan International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="18804565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804565" title="Your Class or Mine">
Your Class or Mine

Your Class or Mine (Traditional Chinese: 尖子攻略) is a TVB modern drama series broadcast in August 2008.
Synopsis.
Pang Kam-Chau (Bobby Au-Yeung) is left broke when his ex-girlfriend takes everything away from him. He hides in a football stadium to run away from the loan sharks. He then overhears Jason Ching Kwok-Chu (Derek Kwok) discussing with a business partner on sponsoring the "Keegan Spirit" soccer team. Hearing this perfect opportunity to possibly regain his wealth, Chau befriends the team coach, Fan Dai-Wai (Benz Hui), and is given the title of Operation Director of the football team.
With the win in the second quarter, Chau approaches Jason and his business partner to sponsor the team, by promising to make the "three treasures" of the team, Lam Yik-Dan (Kelvin Leung), Chan Lik-Ban (Oscar Leung), and Fan Pui-Tung (Him Law) into academically fit players and bring the team to the A league. They agree to sponsor and with Jason's hidden relationship with Kelly Yim Ka-Lai (Sheren Tang), nicknamed "A+ tutor" of a HK cram school. Three soccer players were tutored for the upcoming national examination. Kelly later discovers the players were cheating on the exams, and she refuses to continue tutoring. Kelly was angry, but cannot back out. She later claim that the three players must achieve a grade of 20 points or Chau will have to resign from his post.
Chau and Kelly continued to have their differences, but always put the benefits of the three treasures in mind. One day an intimate photograph of Kelly and Jason was published in a magazine. Jason's father is outraged and demotes Jason, giving the responsibility of the soccer team to his younger brother, Benny Ching Kwok-Ho (Vincent Wong). Later their relationships are strained in a 3 way relationship. And the finale is settled in a soccer game.
Awards and nominations.
41st TVB Anniversary Awards (2008)

</doc>
<doc id="18804572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804572" title="Jiana">
Jiana

Jiana is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Cioroboreni, Dănceu, Jiana, Jiana Mare and Jiana Veche.

</doc>
<doc id="18804573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804573" title="Steve Wilson (jazz musician)">
Steve Wilson (jazz musician)

Steve Wilson (born 1961 in Hampton, Virginia) is an American jazz multi-instrumentalist, who is best known in the musical community as a flautist and an alto and soprano saxophonist. He also plays the clarinet and the piccolo. Wilson has maintained a busy career working as a session musician, and has contributed to many musicians of note both in the recording studios, but as a sideman on tours. Over the years he has participated in engagements with several musical ensembles, as well as his own solo efforts.
Wilson has not confined himself to the studio and stage. He has held teaching positions in several schools and Universities, as well as holding jazz clinics.
Biography.
As a teenager, Wilson played in various rhythm and blues and funk bands. After a year accompanying singer Stephanie Mills, he attended Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond, Virginia, where he majored in music. In 1987 he moved to New York, where he established himself as a sideman. He performed with the American Jazz Orchestra, the Mingus Big Band, and the Smithsonian Jazz Orchestra, among others. In 1988 he toured Europe with Lionel Hampton. Early in his career he was a member of Out of the Blue, a group which featured young Blue Note artists.
Wilson was the subject of a 1996 "New York Times" profile, entitled "A Sideman's Life". That year he joined the Dave Holland Quintet. From 1998-2001 he was a member of Chick Corea's Origin sextet. He played and recorded on Japanese composer Yoko Kanno's debut album, "Song to Fly" and part of The Seatbelt's New York Musicians during that period.
In 1997 he formed the Steve Wilson Quartet with pianist Bruce Barth, Double bassist Ed Howard and drummer Adam Cruz. The group has performed together for over a decade and produced two CDs. He also heads a larger ensemble, Generations, which performs jazz classic and original compositions, and he has performed in a duo with drummer Lewis Nash.
In May 2007 he performed as a soloist for Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip during the Jamestown, Virginia quadricentennial. Wilson is on the faculty at the Manhattan School of Music, State University of New York at Purchase, and Columbia University. He has been an artist-in-residence at the University of North Carolina, Hamilton College, Old Dominion University, and with the CITYFOLK arts program in Dayton, Ohio.
A septet formed that year in honor of the 70th anniversary of Blue Note Records. The group recorded an album in 2008, entitled "", which was released in 2009 on Blue Note Records/EMI, and toured the United States in promotion of the album from January until April 2009. The group plays the music of Blue Note Records from various artists, with arrangements by members of the band and Renee Rosnes.
In 2010, Wilson celebrated his 50th birthday at Jazz Standard in New York City. He led six bands in six nights, with famed jazz musicians. They included Karrin Allyson, Carla Cook, Bruce Barth, Ed Howard, Adam Cruz, Lewis Nash, Ugonna Okegwo, Jeff "Tain" Watts, Freddie Hendrix, Christian McBride, Mulgrew Miller, Geoffrey Keezer, Linda Oh, and John Wikan. One special feature was the inclusion of a string section to play music from "Bird with Strings". It was composed of Diane Monroe, Nardo Poy, Joyce Hammann, Chern Hwei, and Troy Stuart. The "Wall Street Journal" wrote a full length feature article. "The Sideman Becoms the Star" gave Wilson a glowing review.

</doc>
<doc id="18804579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804579" title="Corcova">
Corcova

Corcova is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of thirteen villages: Breţa, Cernaia, Corcova, Cordun, Croica, Gârbovăţu de Jos, Imoasa, Jirov, Măru Roşu, Pârvuleşti, Puşcaşu, Stejaru and Vlădăşeşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18804580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804580" title="Cireșu, Mehedinți">
Cireșu, Mehedinți

Cireşu is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bunoaica, Cireşu, Jupâneşti and Negruşa.

</doc>
<doc id="18804583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804583" title="Căzănești, Mehedinți">
Căzănești, Mehedinți

Căzăneşti is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of twelve villages: Căzăneşti, Ercea, Gârbovăţu de Sus, Govodarva, Ilovu, Jigniţa, Păltinişu, Poiana, Roşia, Severineşti, Suharu and Valea Coşuştei.

</doc>
<doc id="18804589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804589" title="Butoiești">
Butoiești

Butoieşti is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Argineşti, Butoieşti, Buiceşti, Gura Motrului, Jugastru, Pluta, Răduţeşti and Ţânţaru.

</doc>
<doc id="18804592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804592" title="Burila Mare">
Burila Mare

Burila Mare is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Burila Mare, Crivina, Izvoru Frumos, Ţigănaşi and Vrancea.

</doc>
<doc id="18804594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804594" title="Broșteni, Mehedinți">
Broșteni, Mehedinți

Broşteni is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Broşteni, Căpăţâneşti, Luncşoara, Lupşa de Jos, Lupşa de Sus and Meriş.

</doc>
<doc id="18804595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804595" title="Breznița-Ocol">
Breznița-Ocol

Brezniţa-Ocol is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Brezniţa-Ocol, Jidoştiţa, Magheru and Şuşiţa ().

</doc>
<doc id="18804600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804600" title="Argillochelys">
Argillochelys

Argillochelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the middle to lower Eocene in what is now Britain. It was first named by Lydekker in 1889.
A species, "A. africana", was found in Morocco, and described in 2002 by Tong & Hirayama.

</doc>
<doc id="18804601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804601" title="Breznița-Motru">
Breznița-Motru

Brezniţa-Motru is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Brezniţa-Motru, Cosovăţ, Deleni, Făuroaia, Plai, Tălăpanu and Valea Teiului.

</doc>
<doc id="18804607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804607" title="Snake Wiltse">
Snake Wiltse

Lewis DeWitt "Snake" Wiltse (December 5, 1871 – August 25, 1928) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Philadelphia Athletics, Baltimore Orioles, and New York Highlanders from 1901 to 1903. His brother was fellow major league pitcher George "Hooks" Wiltse.
Career.
Lewis Wiltse was born in Bouckville, New York. Nicknamed "Snake", he started playing semi-pro baseball in 1894 and then began his professional career in 1899 with the Toledo Mud Hens. In January 1901, Wiltse was acquired by the National League's Pirates. He went 1–4 and was released in mid-season.
Wiltse then signed with the Philadelphia Athletics on July 20. He pitched well the rest of the year, going 13–5 and also batting .326. On August 10, he made history, hitting two doubles and two triples for 10 total bases, which set an MLB record for pitchers. Wiltse also pitched a shutout in that game.
In 1902, Wiltse played for the Athletics, going 8–8, before he was sold to the Baltimore Orioles. The Baltimore franchise was transferred to New York for the following season, and Wiltse continued to pitch poorly. His earned run average was higher than 5.00 in 1902 and 1903. He played his final major league game on May 18, 1903, and then went down to the minors.
Wiltse pitched in the Eastern League, Tri-State League, and New York State League from 1903 to 1910. He won 20 games once, in 1904, and finished his career with 69 minor league victories to go along with his 29 major league wins. His overall major league pitching record was 29 wins and 31 losses in 62 games, with an earned run average of 4.59. As a major league hitter, he compiled a .278 batting average and a .398 slugging percentage in 284 at bats.
Wiltse was married and had one daughter. He died in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, at the age of 56.

</doc>
<doc id="18804608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804608" title="Braniștea, Mehedinți">
Braniștea, Mehedinți

Braniştea is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages: Braniştea and Goanţa. These were part of Vânători Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18804613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804613" title="Bâlvănești">
Bâlvănești

Bâlvăneşti is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bâlvăneşti, Bâlvăneştii de Jos, Călineştii de Jos, Călineştii de Sus and Pârlagele.

</doc>
<doc id="18804615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804615" title="Constantine Harbor">
Constantine Harbor

Constantine Harbor is an inlet on the eastern end of the north coast of the island of Amchitka in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska. It is the site of an airport.

</doc>
<doc id="18804620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804620" title="Balta, Mehedinți">
Balta, Mehedinți

Balta is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Balta, Coada Cornetului, Costeşti, Gornoviţa, Nevăţu, Prejna and Sfodea.

</doc>
<doc id="18804624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804624" title="Bălăcița">
Bălăcița

Bălăciţa is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bălăciţa, Dobra and Gvardiniţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18804627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804627" title="Bala, Mehedinți">
Bala, Mehedinți

Bala is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of fifteen villages: Bala, Bala de Sus, Brateşul, Brativoeşti, Câmpu Mare, Cârşu, Comăneşti, Crainici, Dâlma, Iupca, Molani, Rudina, Runcuşoru, Sărdăneşti and Vidimireşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18804629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804629" title="Bâcleș">
Bâcleș

Bâcleş is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bâcleş, Corzu, Giura, Petra, Podu Grosului, Seliştiuţa and Smadoviţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18804639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804639" title="Grace Jones discography">
Grace Jones discography

Grace Jones's discography consists of ten studio albums, eight compilation albums and fifty-three singles.
Jones began her recording career in 1975 with a disco song "I Need a Man" which became her first number one on "Billboard"'s Hot Dance Club Songs chart two years later. She has since topped this chart with "Slave to the Rhythm" in 1985, "Love on Top of Love" in 1989 and "Sex Drive" in 1993, scoring four number one club hits in the USA, with a total of seventeen entries on this chart. The singer also holds six entries on the U.S. R&B chart, the most successful being "Pull Up to the Bumper" at number five. Internationally, her most successful single in terms of commercial performance is arguably the 1985 "Slave to the Rhythm".
Jones achieved chart prominence with her 1981 breakthrough album "Nightclubbing" which entered top 10 in five countries and was her first album to receive recording certifications for its sales. Jones's commercially most successful album to date remains her 1985 compilation "Island Life", the only album chart-topper of her career.

</doc>
<doc id="18804642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804642" title="Devesel">
Devesel

Devesel is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Batoţi, Bistreţu, Devesel, Dunărea Mică, Scăpău and Tismana.

</doc>
<doc id="18804644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804644" title="Voloiac">
Voloiac

Voloiac is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Cotoroaia, Lac, Ruptura, Sperleşti, Ţiţirigi, Valea Bună, Voloiac and Voloicel.

</doc>
<doc id="18804645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804645" title="Rogova">
Rogova

Rogova is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Poroiniţa and Rogova.

</doc>
<doc id="18804646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804646" title="Punghina">
Punghina

Punghina is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Cearângu, Drincea, Măgurele, Punghina, Recea and Satu Nou.

</doc>
<doc id="18804647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804647" title="Poroina Mare">
Poroina Mare

Poroina Mare is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Fântânile Negre, Poroina Mare, Stigniţa and Şipotu.

</doc>
<doc id="18804648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804648" title="Ponoarele">
Ponoarele

Ponoarele is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of fifteen villages: Băluţa, Bârâiacu, Brânzeni, Buicani, Ceptureni, Cracu Muntelui, Delureni, Gărdăneasa, Gheorgheşti, Ludu, Ponoarele, Proiteşti, Răiculeşti, Şipotu and Valea Ursului.
The commune has many natural monuments, including "Podul lui Dumnezeu" (God's Bridge), "Peştera Bulba" (Bulba Cave), "Câmpul de Lapiezuri", "Lacul Zaton" (Zaton Lake), "Peştera Ponoarele" (Ponoarele Cave), "Valea Morilor" (Valley of the Mills) and "Pădurea de liliac" (Lilac forest).
Cheile Balutei
External links.
Ponoarele village tourist guide

</doc>
<doc id="18804649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804649" title="Podeni">
Podeni

Podeni is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Gornenţi, Mălărişca and Podeni.

</doc>
<doc id="18804650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804650" title="Kris Kelderman">
Kris Kelderman

Kris Kelderman (born December 10, 1968 in Neenah, Wisconsin) was a U.S. soccer defender who is currently the head coach for the Milwaukee Panthers men's soccer team. Kelderman was a member of the U.S. team at the 1985 FIFA U-16 World Championship. He played professionally both indoors and out, including four seasons in Major League Soccer and was an assistant coach for D.C. United.
Youth.
Kelderman learned the game from his father, Harry Kelderman, who was the head coach of Neenah High School soccer team, eventually playing for his father at Neenah from 1983 to 1987. While still in high school, Kelderman was selected for the U.S. U-16 national team which played in the 1985 FIFA U-16 World Championship. The U.S. went 1-2 in group play and did not qualify for the second round. Kelderman then attended the University of Virginia where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1987 to 1990. In 1989, Kelderman and his team mates won the NCAA Division I championship. He was also a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1991 World University Games.
Professional.
In 1991, both the Milwaukee Wave of the National Professional Soccer League and the Baltimore Blast of Major Soccer League drafted Kelderman. He signed with the Blast, but the team and league collapsed at the end of the 1991-1992 season. In 1992, he signed with the expansion Buffalo Blizzard of the National Professional Soccer League. He remained with the team through the end of the 1994-1995 season. In 1994, he signed with the Milwaukee Rampage of USISL, playing two seasons with them. In the fall of 1995, he moved to the Tampa Bay Terror of the NPSL before moving to the St. Louis Ambush for the end of the season. On February 7, 1996, D.C. United selected Kelderman in the 8th round (80th overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. Kelderman played forty-two games over two seasons with United, winning the 1996 and 1997 MLS Cup as well as the 1996 U.S. Open Cup. On November 6, 1997, the Miami Fusion selected Kelderman with the sixth pick in the 1997 MLS Expansion Draft. He played twenty-one games with the Fusion, but was waived on November 2, 1998. He then signed with the New England Revolution for the 1999 season. The Revs waived him on December 2, 1999. In February 2000, Kelderman signed a three year contract with the Milwaukee Rampage and Milwaukee Wave. He played four games with the Wave at the end of the season, then four more at the beginning of the 2000-2001 season. In the summer of 2000, he played for the Rampage. He retired from playing professionally in the fall of 2000.
Coach.
Following his playing career, Kelderman has forged a successful coaching career. In 1995, he served as an assistant with his father at Neenah High School. In 2000, he coached the Wisconsin Rebels of the Premier Development League. In 2004, he was hired by D.C. United as head coach of the team’s U-17 program. That same year, he was hired as the Technical Director of the Vienna Youth Soccer Club in Vienna, Virginia. In October 2005, he also became the assistant coach with the George Mason men’s soccer coach. On December 21, 2007, he became an assistant coach with the Kansas City Wizards. In 2010, he followed coach Curt Onalfo to D.C. United, serving as an assistant coach for the 2010 season. New coach Ben Olsen did not retain Kelderman as a part of his staff.
In May 2011, he was named the head coach of the Green Bay Phoenix men's soccer team.
In May 2012, he was named the head coach of the Milwaukee Panther men's soccer team after serving one year at UW-Green Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="18804651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804651" title="Isverna">
Isverna

Isverna is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Buseşti, Cerna-Vârf, Drăgheşti, Giurgiani, Isverna, Nadanova, Seliştea and Turtaba.

</doc>
<doc id="18804653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804653" title="Hinova">
Hinova

Hinova is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bistriţa, Cârjei, Hinova and Ostrovu Corbului.

</doc>
<doc id="18804654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804654" title="Godeanu">
Godeanu

Godeanu is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Godeanu, Marga, Păuneşti and Şiroca.

</doc>
<doc id="18804661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804661" title="The Konks (album)">
The Konks (album)

The Konks is the self-titled debut album by Boston rock band The Konks, released on March 7, 2005 on the Bomp! Records label. 
The Konks' song "29 Fingers" is featured in the video game "Rock Band" as a bonus track.

</doc>
<doc id="18804667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804667" title="Corlățel">
Corlățel

Corlăţel is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Corlăţel and Valea Anilor.

</doc>
<doc id="18804668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804668" title="Dârvari">
Dârvari

Dârvari is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Dârvari and Gemeni.

</doc>
<doc id="18804670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804670" title="Eșelnița">
Eșelnița

Eșelnița (until 1996 "Ieșelnița"; ) is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Eșelnița. It is one of four localities in the county located in the Banat. At the 2011 census, 74% of inhabitants were Romanians, 23.4% Roma and 2% Czechs.

</doc>
<doc id="18804671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804671" title="Ilovăț">
Ilovăț

Ilovăţ is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Budăneşti, Cracu Lung, Dâlbociţa, Firizu, Ilovăţ and Racova.

</doc>
<doc id="18804681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804681" title="Marcel Tschopp">
Marcel Tschopp

Marcel Tschopp (born April 28, 1974 in Ruggell) is a Liechtensteiner orienteer and track athlete, specializing in the marathon. Tschopp was Liechtenstein's flag bearer for the opening ceremony of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, and finished 74th in the men's marathon.
He is a physician by profession.

</doc>
<doc id="18804686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804686" title="Ilovița">
Ilovița

Iloviţa is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bahna, Iloviţa and Moiseşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18804687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804687" title="Vlădaia">
Vlădaia

Vlădaia is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Almăjel, Scorila, Ştircoviţa and Vlădaia.

</doc>
<doc id="18804688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804688" title="Izvoru Bârzii">
Izvoru Bârzii

Izvoru Bârzii is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Baloteşti, Halânga, Izvoru Bârzii, Puţinei, Răscoleşti, Schinteieşti and Schitu Topolniţei.

</doc>
<doc id="18804690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804690" title="Malovăț">
Malovăț

Malovăţ is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: 23 August, Bârda, Bobaiţa, Colibaşi, Lazu, Malovăţ and Negreşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18804691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804691" title="Obârșia de Câmp">
Obârșia de Câmp

Obârşia de Câmp is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Izimşa and Obârşia de Câmp.

</doc>
<doc id="18804692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804692" title="Obârșia-Cloșani">
Obârșia-Cloșani

Obârşia-Cloşani is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Godeanu and Obârşia-Cloşani.

</doc>
<doc id="18804693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804693" title="Oprișor">
Oprișor

Oprișor is a commune in Mehedinți County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Oprișor and Prisăceaua.

</doc>
<doc id="18804694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804694" title="Pădina Mare">
Pădina Mare

Pădina Mare is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Biban, Iablaniţa, Olteanca, Pădina Mare, Pădina Mică and Slaşoma.

</doc>
<doc id="18804695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804695" title="Cygnet Theatre Company">
Cygnet Theatre Company

Cygnet Theatre Company in San Diego, CA was founded in 2003 by Bill Schmidt and Sean Murray. The theatre's name is a reference to the Swan Theatre, a prominent competitor to Shakespeare's Globe. One of San Diego's major theatre companies is the Old Globe Theatre. 
History.
Cygnet is known for producing critically acclaimed and often provocative musicals and plays. Their first season included Hedwig and the Angry Inch, Bed and Sofa, and Fully Committed. Highlights in the first eight seasons include "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, The Little Foxes, The Invention of Love, Yellowman, Copenhagen, Fences, A Little Night Music, The History Boys, Noises Off, Sweeney Todd, The Norman Conquests, Cabaret", and the World Premiere of Stephen Metcalfe's "Tragedy of the Commons".
Cygnet presents at the Old Town Theatre in Old Town San Diego State Historic Park, a newly renovated, state-of-the-art venue. The State Park receives more than six million visitors annually.
Programs include: 
1) "Mainstage". Cygnet presents six mainstage productions each season in the 248-seat Old Town Theatre. Cygnet has made its mark by producing top-quality theatre, including 19 city, regional, Southern CA, West Coast and World premieres in its first eight seasons, while garnering over 90 awards for theatre excellence.
2) "Storytelling on the Green", Cygnet’s educational outreach program presents outdoor daytime historical theatre to school groups, tourists and other Old Town State Park visitors. At various times of year, the repertory includes abridged versions of "Hamlet, Macbeth, A Christmas Carol, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" and "A Midsummer Night’s Dream". The actors arrive at the Old Town lawn pulling a simple wagon platform, which carries the props, scenery and costumes, and also serves as the stage. In keeping with the American Period theme (1840-1872) of the Old Town San Diego State Historic Park, the actors perform in the Delsarte style. The program serves over 9,000 children and adults each year.
3) "Playwrights in Process" is a New Play Development program, designed to explore and develop new works. Cygnet’s mainstage production of Stephen Metcalfe’s "Tragedy of the Commons" was the first play to come through this program. 
4) Cygnet Theatre collaborates with San Diego State University to provide opportunities each year for specially selected SDSU graduate students to design sets, lights and costumes for Cygnet Theatre under the mentorship of Artistic Director Sean Murray.

</doc>
<doc id="18804696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804696" title="Pătulele">
Pătulele

Pătulele is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Pătulele and Viaşu.

</doc>
<doc id="18804697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804697" title="Prunișor">
Prunișor

Prunişor is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of fifteen villages: Arvăteşti, Balota, Bâltanele, Cerveniţa, Dragoteşti, Fântâna Domnească, Ghelmegioaia, Gârniţa, Gutu, Igiroasa, Lumnic, Mijarca, Prunaru, Prunişor and Zegaia.
Near Balota, at 44.6003684 N 22.8193706 E, there is a 206 metres tall guyed mast for FM-/TV-broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="18804699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804699" title="Șovarna">
Șovarna

Şovarna is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Ohaba, Studina and Şovarna.

</doc>
<doc id="18804700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804700" title="Stângăceaua">
Stângăceaua

Stângăceaua is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bârlogeni, Breznicioara, Cerânganul, Faţa Motrului, Poşta Veche, Satu Mare, Stângăceaua and Târsa.

</doc>
<doc id="18804701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804701" title="Tâmna">
Tâmna

Tâmna is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of eleven villages: Adunaţii Teiului, Boceni, Colareţ, Cremenea, Faţa Cremenii, Izvorălu, Manu, Pavăţ, Plopi, Tâmna and Valea Ursului.

</doc>
<doc id="18804702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804702" title="Vânjuleț">
Vânjuleț

Vânjuleţ is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Hotărani and Vânjuleţ.

</doc>
<doc id="18804726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804726" title="Eochelone">
Eochelone

Eochelone is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the late Eocene. It was first named by Dollo in 1903. Its type species is "E. brabantica".

</doc>
<doc id="18804732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804732" title="Matt Grevers">
Matt Grevers

Matthew Grevers (born March 26, 1985) is an American competition swimmer who competes in the backstroke and freestyle events, and is a six-time Olympic medalist. He has won a total of twenty two medals in major international competition, eleven gold, eight silver, and three bronze spanning the Olympics, World Championships, and the Universiade. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Grevers won gold medals as a member of the 4×100-meter freestyle and 4×100-meter medley relay, and a silver medal in the 100-meter backstroke. Four years later at the 2012 Summer Olympics, he won a gold in the 100-meter backstroke.
Personal life.
Grevers was born in Lake Forest, Illinois. He graduated from Lake Forest High School, and then attended Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, and swam for the Northwestern Wildcats swimming and diving team.
Both of Grevers' parents are from the Netherlands. Grevers considered representing the Netherlands and even spoke about it with Dutch swimming legend Pieter van den Hoogenband. Ultimately, he decided to represent the United States.
Grevers proposed to his wife, Annie Chandler, at the Missouri Grand Prix on Saturday February 11, 2012. The couple were married on April 6, 2013 in San Antonio, Texas. 
Swimming career.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Grevers won two gold medals by swimming in the preliminary heats of the 4x100-meter freestyle relay and 4x100-meter medley relay (swimming the backstroke leg) as the Americans went on to win the finals in those events and medals are awarded to participants at any step along the way. Grevers also won an individual silver medal in the 100-meter backstroke in a time of 53.11 second, 0.57 of a second behind the winner, world record holder Aaron Peirsol. 
At the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, Grevers was part of U.S. men's 4x100-meter freestyle relay team who took the gold ahead of Russia and France. Grevers also earned a gold in the 4x100-meter medley relay for his contributions in the heats.
2012 Summer Olympic Games.
At the 2012 United States Olympic Trials, the qualifying meet for the 2012 Olympics, Grevers qualified for the U.S. Olympic team by finishing first in the 100-meter backstroke and third in the 100-meter freestyle. In the final of the 100-meter backstroke, Grevers won in a time of 52.08 seconds, the second-best effort of all time and just behind Aaron Peirsol's world record of 51.94. Grevers recorded the fastest time in a textile suit in the 100-meter backstroke. In the 100-meter freestyle, Grevers placed third with a time of 48.55, which ensured him a spot on the 4x100-meter freestyle relay. Grevers also competed in the 50-meter freestyle, and placed sixth in the final with a time of 22.09.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Grevers won a total of three medals: two golds and one silver. Grevers earned his first medal, a silver, by swimming for the second-place U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the 4×100-meter freestyle relay. In the final, the American team finished second behind France. Teaming with Jimmy Feigen, Ricky Berens, and Jason Lezak in the heats, Grevers swam the second leg and recorded a time of 47.59. After leading the heats (52.92) and semifinals (52.66) of the 100-meter backstroke, Grevers won gold in the final of the 100-meter backstroke with a time of 52.16, bettering Aaron Peirsol's Olympic record of 52.54 set in 2008 and 0.76 s ahead of Nick Thoman. For Grevers, it was his first individual gold medal. In his final event, the 4×100-meter medley relay, Grevers won gold with Brendan Hansen, Michael Phelps and Nathan Adrian. Swimming the backstroke leg, Grevers recorded a time of 52.58 seconds, and the U.S. team went on to win with a time of 3:29.35.
2013 World Championships.
At the 2013 FINA World Championships in Barcelona, Grevers achieved a total of two medals: a gold and a silver. On the first night of swimming, Grevers missed the top-eight championship roster in the 50 m butterfly, as he finished his semifinal run with a twelfth-place time in 23.35. The following day, Grevers threw down the event's fastest time of 52.93 to claim the gold medal in the 100 m backstroke, finishing ahead of his teammate David Plummer by nearly two-tenths of a second. On the final night of the tournament, Grevers swam his last two finals with only 45 minutes in between. First, he posted a matching time of 24.54 to share the silver medal with France's Jérémy Stravius in the 50 m backstroke. Nearly an hour later, Grevers teamed up with Kevin Cordes, Ryan Lochte, and Nathan Adrian for the final in the 4×100 m medley relay. During the race, Grevers swam the backstroke leg and touched the wall with a split of 53.02 until his teammate Cordes left the block 0.04 seconds early on the breaststroke leg, smashing the medal chances entirely for the Americans with a disastrous disqualification.

</doc>
<doc id="18804738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804738" title="Kaieteur International Airport">
Kaieteur International Airport

Kaieteur Airport is an airport in the Potaro-Siparuni region and is a gateway to Kaieteur National Park as well as a shuttling outpost. It is 6 kilometers from Kaieteur Falls and connecting by two trails.
Runways.
Kaieteur currently has one runway at 2000 ft.

</doc>
<doc id="18804744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804744" title="Vrata, Mehedinți">
Vrata, Mehedinți

Vrata is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Vrata. This was part of Gârla Mare Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18804745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804745" title="Gogoșu, Mehedinți">
Gogoșu, Mehedinți

Gogoşu is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Balta Verde, Burila Mică, Gogoşu and Ostrovu Mare.

</doc>
<doc id="18804750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804750" title="Greci, Mehedinți">
Greci, Mehedinți

Greci is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Bâltanele, Blidaru, Greci, Sălătruc, Valea Petrii and Vişina.

</doc>
<doc id="18804752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804752" title="Gruia, Mehedinți">
Gruia, Mehedinți

Gruia is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Gruia, Izvoarele and Poiana Gruii.

</doc>
<doc id="18804755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804755" title="Salcia, Mehedinți">
Salcia, Mehedinți

Salcia is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Salcia.

</doc>
<doc id="18804758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804758" title="Șimian, Mehedinți">
Șimian, Mehedinți

Şimian is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Cerneţi, Dedoviţa Nouă, Dedoviţa Veche, Dudaşu, Ergheviţa, Poroina, Şimian and Valea Copcii.

</doc>
<doc id="18804762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804762" title="Massacre Bay">
Massacre Bay

Massacre Bay is an inlet on the southeast coast of the island of Attu in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska.
Massacre Bay was among the landing sites of United States Army troops in the Battle of Attu in May 1943, which led to the recapture of the island from the Japanese during World War II.
Massacre Bay is also a bay on the island of Tutuila in American Samoa. The bay was the site of a battle in the eighteenth century between French explorers and islanders in Tutuila, for which the Samoans were blamed in the West, giving them a reputation for ferocity, and from which the bay gets its name. There is another Massacre Bay at Orcas Island, Washington, U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="18804764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804764" title="Șișești, Mehedinți">
Șișești, Mehedinți

Şişeşti is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Cărămidaru, Ciovârnăşani, Cocorova, Crăgueşti, Noapteşa and Şişeşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18804770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804770" title="Vânători, Mehedinți">
Vânători, Mehedinți

Vânători is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages: Roşiori and Vânători. It also included Braniştea and Goanţa villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Braniştea Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18804773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804773" title="Gârla Mare, Mehedinți">
Gârla Mare, Mehedinți

Gârla Mare is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Gârla Mare. It also included Vrata village until 2004, when it was split off to form Vrata Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18804776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804776" title="Florești, Mehedinți">
Florești, Mehedinți

Floreşti is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Copăcioasa, Floreşti, Gârdoaia, Livezi, Moşneni, Peşteana, Peştenuţa, Stroeşti and Zegujani.

</doc>
<doc id="18804777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804777" title="Dumbrava, Mehedinți">
Dumbrava, Mehedinți

Dumbrava is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of eleven villages: Albuleşti, Brâgleasa, Dumbrava de Jos, Dumbrava de Mijloc, Dumbrava de Sus, Golineasa, Higiu, Rocşoreni, Valea Marcului, Varodia and Vlădica.

</doc>
<doc id="18804778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804778" title="Dubova, Mehedinți">
Dubova, Mehedinți

Dubova (Hungarian and Czech: "Dubova") is a commune located in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is one of four localities in the county located in the Banat. The commune is composed of three villages: Baia Nouă, Dubova and Eibenthal. Ethnically, it is 59% Romanian, 36.5% Czech and 3% Roma, making it Romania's most heavily Czech locality.

</doc>
<doc id="18804779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804779" title="Evgeni Tunik">
Evgeni Tunik

Evgeni Tunik is the product of the Elektrostal hockey system. The young forward was also consistently part of Russia’s U18 and U20 national teams. Tunik was drafted by the New York Islanders during the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. Since the draft he has struggled to become a regular in the Super League and has primarily skated in the second tier Russian High League. During the summer of 2005 the young forward came over to North America and spend the 2005-06 season with the AHL’s Bridgeport Sound Tigers, enjoying marginal success. After the season Tunik decided to return to Russia to continue his career .

</doc>
<doc id="18804780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804780" title="Bob Doyle (inventor)">
Bob Doyle (inventor)

Bob Doyle (born June 19, 1936 in Fall River, Massachusetts) is a scientist, inventor, and philosopher.
Education.
Doyle studied physics at Brown University (Sc.B, 1958) and astrophysics at Harvard University (Ph.D., 1968). In 2008 he returned to the Harvard Astronomy Department to study the origin of information structures in the universe.
Science.
Doyle's Ph.D. thesis was on the continuous spectrum of the hydrogen quasi-molecule. He was the secretary of the NASA Astronomy Missions Board from 1969 to 1972. He edited the Long-Range Program in Space Astronomy for NASA in 1970, which led to the HEAO Program, including the Einstein Observatory. He was the coordinator of the Skylab Joint Observing Program, supporting a network of 250 ground-based observatories around the world synchronizing their cameras with space telescopes in the Skylab Apollo Telescope Mount.
As Visiting Professor of Astronomy at University of Washington in 1970, he taught a course on Space Astronomy and developed Project ASTRA (Astronomical and Space Techniques for Research on the Atmosphere). Project ASTRA was funded by the National Science Foundation, winning a special Director's Competition for innovative inter-disciplinary research.
Philosophy.
Doyle describes himself as an "Information Philosopher". He argues that information philosophy can shed light on some classical unsolved problems, specifically free will, values, and knowledge.
Doyle's basic argument is that quantum mechanics, especially the wave function collapse, and the second law of thermodynamics play a key role in the creation of information structures. These structures range from galaxies, stars, and planets, to molecules, atoms, and subatomic particles. They are the structures of terrestrial life from viruses and bacteria to sensible and intelligent beings. And they are the constructed ideal world of thought, of intellect, of spirit, including the laws of nature, in which humans play a role as co-creator.
When information is stored in any structure, Doyle argues that two fundamental physical processes occur. First is a collapse of a quantum mechanical wave function—essentially a quantum measurement. Second is a local decrease in the entropy corresponding to the increase in information. Entropy greater than that must be transferred away to satisfy the second law.
Over 100 years ago, Bertrand Russell, with the help of G. E. Moore, Alfred North Whitehead, and Ludwig Wittgenstein, proposed logic and language as the proper foundational basis, not only of philosophy, but also of mathematics and science. Doyle thinks that information is a better abstract basis for philosophy, and for science as well, capable of answering questions about metaphysics, epistemology and idealism itself.
Doyle was a contributor to the Garden of Forking Paths, a blog for philosophers specializing in free will and moral responsibility.
Writing.
In the 1990s, Doyle was the Digital Video Editor for NewMedia Magazine, doing competitive reviews of leading Non-linear editing systems from Avid Technology, Media 100, and Truevision. From 2004 to 2008, he was a contributing editor at EContent Magazine and wrote on structured writing for the Society of Tecnnical Communications Intercom Magazine.
Doyle joined the editorial board of the Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards (OASIS) DITA Focus Area and created DITA Users, an international organization for technical writers working with the Darwin Information Typing Architecture, a standard developed by IBM. He edits and publishes the DITA Newsletter and its website.
Inventions.
Doyle's first patent was a synchronous sound method for synching low-cost Super 8 mm film cameras with a sprocketed magnetic film recorder called the Super8 Sound Recorder. Doyle became a member of the SMPTE sound engineering committee and helped define a digital sync pulse signal for use with compact cassette tape recorders.
He founded Super8 Sound, Inc. in 1973, now a part of Pro8mm, which sold complete production and editing systems around the world. Jean-Luc Godard bought a system. Super8 Sound Systems gradually replaced the MIT/Leacock System, which had been developed by documentary filmmaker Richard Leacock with a grant from Polaroid founder Edwin Land.
With his wife, Holly Thomis Doyle, and brother in law Wendl Thomis, Doyle constructed 25 electronic game prototypes beginning in 1974 and eventually published six of them through Parker Brothers. The first handheld electronic games were introduced in 1977, including Doyle's "Code Name Sector", a submarine pursuit game, Mattel Electronic Football, and Milton Bradley .
Integrated circuit chip suppliers such as Texas Instruments could not make enough game computers to satisfy market demand in 1977. The following year when Newsweek magazine featured Doyle's game "Merlin" and Milton Bradley's "Simon" on a December cover, sales reached hundreds of millions of dollars.
In 1979 Doyle produced "Wildfire", a handheld pinball game, and "Stop Thief", an electronic detective board game.
In 1980 the Toy Manufacturers of America named Merlin as the best selling game (2.2 million units sold) of the year.
In 1981 Doyle invented the Telecomputer, a handheld computer terminal with a built-in 300-baud modem that powered itself from the telephone line. With Jeff Rochlis, the former President of Mattel Electronics, Doyle raised $13 million in venture capital to found iXO Corporation.
In 1984 Doyle, his wife Holly, and son Rob, developed MacPublisher, the first Desktop Publishing software, for the newly introduced Apple Macintosh computer.
In 2003, working with Christopher Lydon and Dave Winer, Doyle recorded a Lydon interview that was posted to Lydon's blog at Harvard University. Winer wrote the envelope for media files to be attached to a blog post. Doyle initially called the technology "blog audio," but it subsequently was called "podcasting" and the Lydon interview was sometimes called "the first podcast."
In 2005, Doyle developed a method for tagging web pages with a globally unique Meme ID. A meme ID consists of three parts, MEMESPACE-TAXOSPACE-ID. The method, called Memography (for mapping memes on the web), led to a lightweight version of a Semantic Web called the Memetic Web. Since only those pages tagged with a Meme ID, and all the pages so tagged, are returned in a memetic search", memography produces essentially perfect precision and recall. Doyle developed the taxonomy resources website TaxoTips.
Collaborative communities.
In 1977, Doyle was an early supporter and activist in the Boston Computer Society. He was a member of the BCS New Media Group and founded a Desktop Video Group.
In the 1990s, he supported the Boston Film/Video Foundation and Cambridge Community Television. He won the Joseph Sakey Award from CCTV in 1995 and the BF/VF Catalyst Award in 2001.
In 2000, Doyle founded skyBuilders.com, developers of community collaborative software, used mostly by non-profit organizations.
In 2003, he helped organize an OSCOM conference at the Harvard Law School Berkman Center for Internet and Society on Open Source Content Management Systems. He then founded CM Pros, an international organization of content management professionals.
At the OSCOM conference and the first Bloggercon at Harvard, Doyle met Christopher Lydon. Lydon had recently been fired by WBUR for wanting the electronic digital rights to his well-known talk show, The Connection. Looking for a way to restart his career, Lydon took Dave Winer's suggestion that he should start a blog. Winer suggested that Lydon work with Doyle to record some of his interviews, which Winer would add to an envelope in his RSS feed.
Doyle assembled a portable recording studio for Lydon, and helped him to produce over fifty interviews. These shows came to be known as "The First Podcasts."

</doc>
<doc id="18804784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804784" title="Steve Fireovid">
Steve Fireovid

Stephen John Fireovid (born June 6, 1957 in Bryan, Ohio) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Fireovid pitched in all or part of six seasons in the majors for five different teams bwetween and . In none of those seasons did Fireovid pitch more than 10 games in the majors. Steve pitched for Miami University in Oxford, Ohio in college from 1976-78.
In , while pitching for the Indianapolis Indians, Fireovid composed a journal of his experiences. The journal was turned into a book, "The 26th Man: One Minor League Pitcher's Pursuit of a Dream", in 1991. The book was co-authored by Mark Winegardner. Fireovid's career is also profiled with a chapter in the book "Journeymen: 24 Bittersweet Tales of Short Major League Sports Careers" by Kurt Dusterberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18804785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804785" title="Public Display of Infection">
Public Display of Infection

Public Display of Infection is the debut album by Boston rock band Tijuana Sweetheart (formerly known as VAGIANT Boston), released on October 21, 2007. 
A clean version of the song "Fuck the Kells" appears as under the title "FTK" a bonus track in the game "Guitar Hero II". The song "Seven" appears as a bonus track in the game "Rock Band".

</doc>
<doc id="18804791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804791" title="Sarwar Jahan Nizam">
Sarwar Jahan Nizam

Vice Admiral Sarwar Jahan Nizam, ndu, psc, BN (born 1952) is the first ever Vice-Admiral and Ex-Chief of Staff for the Bangladesh Navy. He is preceded by Rear Admiral M Hasan Ali Khan ndc, psc, BN and succeeded by Vice Admiral Zahir Uddin Ahmed (ND) ndc, psc, BN
Early life.
Nizam was born in the Anwara district of Chittagong in 1952. He joined the erstwhile Pakistan Navy as an officer cadet at the age of 18, and completed six months training at the Pakistan Military Academy in Kakul. In 1970 he joined the Pakistan Naval Academy in Karachi and was commissioned 1st into the Executive Branch of the Pakistan Navy and subsequently in Bangladesh Navy in 1973.
Nizam graduated from the Defence Services Command & Staff College in Dhaka in 1986 and from the National Defence University in Beijing, China in 1996. Other qualifications include a Communication Specialization Course with the Royal Navy and completion of a Senior Executive Course with the Asia Pacific Centre for Securities Studies in the United States.
Naval commands.
Nizam has held command positions with most of the large vessels in the Bangladesh Navy, including three years as commander of the frigate BNS "Umar Farooq", the largest naval vessel in Bangladesh service.
Nizam also held a range of staff command positions including that of the Flotilla Commander and Commodore Commanding Chittagong (COMCHIT). He also served as Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operations) and Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Personnel) in Naval Headquarters.
On 10 February 2007 Nizam was sworn in as Naval Chief of Staff and was promoted to Vice-Admiral on 23 May of the same year. As Chief of Staff he has supported the introduction of new technology for the operation of naval vessels, and a modernisation of the ageing Bangladesh fleet.
In addition to his direct military duties, Nizam was Director General of the Bangladesh Coast Guard, in which role he commissioned the construction of the first locally built coast guard vessels. He was also Chairman of the Naval Shipyard at Khulna, and President of the Bangladesh Swimming Federation. 
Admiral Nizam came to normal retirement with effect from 29 January 2009 after ending his 36 years naval career.
Personal life.
Admiral Nizam is married to Munira Nizam and the couple has one daughter, Nafisa.

</doc>
<doc id="18804798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804798" title="Ditte Kotzian">
Ditte Kotzian

Ditte Kotzian (born 9 March 1979 in Berlin) is a German diver. She and Heike Fischer won bronze for Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's synchronized 3 metre springboard. She had competed in the two previous Olympics without placing. She and Fischer had previously won a silver medal for Diving at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18804801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804801" title="Holtz Bay">
Holtz Bay

Holtz Bay is an inlet on the northeast coast of the island of Attu in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska.
Holtz Bay was among the landing sites of United States Army troops in the Battle of Attu on 11 May 1943, which led to the recapture of the island from the Japanese during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="18804818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804818" title="Michelle Huneven">
Michelle Huneven

Michelle Huneven (born August 14, 1953) is a Californian novelist and journalist. Huneven was born and raised in Altadena, California, where she returned to live in 2001. She received an MFA from the Iowa Writers Workshop at the University of Iowa.
Fiction.
Huneven’s novels explore related themes of recovery and maturation. Her first novel, "Round Rock" (Knopf 1997), follows a graduate student’s reluctant path to sobriety at a drunk farm in rural California. "Jamesland" (Knopf 2003) is set in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles, where three struggling souls: a Unitarian minister, a descendant of William James and an erstwhile chef, help each other learn to get by. Both novels were designated "Notable Books of the Year" by the "New York Times". 
Her third novel "Blame" (2009) was a finalist for the National Book Critics Award. It portrays the journey of a young history professor after accidentally killing two people while driving drunk. Her fourth novel, "Off Course", will be published in April 2014 by Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
Huneven's short fiction has been published in "Harpers", "Redbook", and literary magazines. She received a Whiting Writers' Award in 2002.
Food writing and other nonfiction.
Huneven has worked as a restaurant critic and food writer for the "LA Weekly" and the "LA Times". Her food journalism has also been published in the "New York Times", "O", "Gourmet"," Food and Wine", and other publications. She won the 1995 award for Newspaper Feature Writing from the James Beard Foundation and several American Food Journalists awards.
Huneven co-authored wrote the "Tao Gals’ Guide to Real Estate" (Bloomsbury 2006), a combination narrative and guidebook for women purchasing homes. Her essays have appeared in the following anthologies: "Horse People", "Dog is My Co-Pilot", "The Knitter's Gift", "Death by Pad Thai", and "Mr. Wrong".
She teaches creative writing at UCLA and at Occidental College.

</doc>
<doc id="18804822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804822" title="Red Tandy">
Red Tandy

Red Tandy is an EP by northern California rock band The Mother Hips. The song "Red Tandy" was featured as a playable track in the music video game "Rock Band".

</doc>
<doc id="18804830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804830" title="Davy (given name)">
Davy (given name)


</doc>
<doc id="18804873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804873" title="Astor Cinema">
Astor Cinema

Astor Cinema is located at 659 Beaufort Street, Mount Lawley, Western Australia. It comprises a single, two and three-storey masonry Inter-war Art Deco style theatre and retail building.
History.
The building was originally known as the ‘Lyceum Theatre’ and was designed by David McClure, and built by Simon Alexander, whose family owned the premises. The Alexander family also owned the Alexander Building on the South-West (opposie) corner of Beaufort and Walcott Streets. It was constructed in 1914/1915 in a Federation Free Classical style and was designed for a mixture of vaudeville and lantern slide shows.
By 1922, the 'Lyceum Theatre' was advertising ‘motion pictures and popular orchestra’. In the mid-1920s, with the development and popularity of silent movies, the 'Lyceum' was converted to a cinema, and the name was changed from the ‘Lyceum’ to the ‘State Theatre’.
In 1939 the theatre was redesigned in an Art Deco style by William Leighton, and reconstructed by Simon Alexander’s son John. In the late 1930s Leighton secured a reputation as a leading cinema designer for his work on several Perth cinemas, including the Piccadilly Theatre and Arcade, the Windsor Theatre in Nedlands, and the Cygnet Cinema in South Perth. He was also behind the refurbishment of the Royal Theatre and Grand Theatre. The remodelling of the 'State Theatre' left it structurally intact but altered its appearance, 'dispensing with the arches and pediments and imposing a simple restrained facade'. The alterations included the entrance to the picture garden, and made provision for a grocery store on the corner, a millinery shop, and refreshments in the cinema vestibule. Leighton’s Art Deco design introduced ‘The Mayan Flower’ to the Theatre. The Art Deco theme runs from the Main Auditorium through the external facades to Beaufort and Walcott Streets. The remodelled 'State Theatre' opened on 12 May 1939.
The Astor Theatre received its current name in 1941 when an Act of Parliament decreed it an offence for a private business to use the name ‘State’. Mr John Alexander’s wife, Mavis, renamed the theatre ‘The Astor’ in memory of a theatre of the same name in New Farm, Brisbane that was the first cinema they went to after their marriage.
With the decline in cinema attendances in the 1950s and 1960s due to the introduction of television, the Astor Theatre became a shadow of its former self, eventually reduced to showing pornographic films. It was also used as a venue for a number of activities including amateur dramatic shows, a dancing studio and bingo. In December 1978, Astor Theatre was purchased by a group of Perth businessmen and families. In 1988 rumours grew that Astor Theatre was to be demolished, and Ron Regan, from Sydney, arranged a five-year lease of Astor Theatre through his company Entrevision Pty Ltd.
In 1989, the 50th Anniversary of its Art Deco redevelopment, the Theatre underwent an extensive refurbishment by Philip McAllister, Architect for Entrevision Cinemas Pty Ltd, who wished to return the cinema to its Art Deco glory and provide a quality film experience in a quality environment. 
The cinema was officially re-opened on 26 July 1989 by His Worship the Mayor of the City of Stirling, Cr. A. A. Spagnolo, prior to a screening of Australian director Peter Weir’s film "Dead Poets Society". 
Current uses.
Since its reopening, the Astor Cinema has undergone further refurbishment in November 2006, with the cinema facilities continuing to be upgraded. With many recent closures, the Astor Cinema is one of Perth’s few remaining inner city cinemas. 
In August 2008 the owners announced that the cinema would close because it is no longer profitable, stating that "the cinema had been running at a loss for some time, with just $34 in takings in four hours of trading".
A Music Rocks Australia concert (a kid rock band group of schools)was one of the last performances at the Astor.
The cinema reopened in October 2009, and now hosts live music, comedy and other community events.
Heritage value.
The Astor Cinema was classified by the National Trust (WA) on 1 August 1988. The building is also included on the City of Stirling Municipal Inventory. and was permanently listed on the State Register of Heritage Places on 14 May 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18804884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804884" title="Green Hills of Earth (album)">
Green Hills of Earth (album)

Green Hills of Earth is the fifth studio album by northern California rock band The Mother Hips. The album title is taken from the short story by Robert A. Heinlein.

</doc>
<doc id="18804903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804903" title="Hubert Markl">
Hubert Markl

Hubert Simon Markl (born 17 August 1938) is a German biologist who also served as President of the Max Planck Society from 1996 to 2002.
Early life.
Markl was born on 17 August 1938 in Regensburg, Germany. He studied biology, chemistry and geography at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. He completed his Ph.D. in zoology from the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in 1962. He did research internships at Harvard University and Rockefeller University in 1965-1966. In 1976 he earned his Habilitation (post doctoral lecturing qualification) in zoology from the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University Frankfurt am Main.
Academic career and research.
From 1968 to 1973 Markl worked as Full Professor and Director of the Zoological Institute at the Darmstadt University of Technology. 
Since 1974, he has been Professor of Biology at the University of Konstanz.
From 1977 to 1983, he was Vice President of the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (DFG) and from 1986 to 1991, he was President of the DGF. In 1993, he became President of the newly founded Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities (Berlin-Brandenburgische Akademie der Wissenschaften). From 1996 to 2002, he was President of the Max Planck Society.
Markl is known for his work on sensory physiology, social behaviour of animals, nature conservation, and environmental protection. He has also published many books.
Awards and honors.
Markl has received many awards and honors for his work.
He received the Lorenz Oken Medal from the Society of German Natural Scientists and Doctors in 1984, the Karl Vossler Prize in 1985, the Arthur Burkhardt Prize in 1989, the Karl Winnacker Prize in 1991, and the Ernst Robert Curtius Prize in 1995, the Bundesverdienstkreuz (officially "Verdienstorden der Bundesrepublik Deutschland", Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany) in 1992
He received honorary doctorates from Saarland University in 1992 and the University of Dublin in 1997. He received the Eduard Rhein Ring of Honor from the Eduard Rhein Foundation in 2004.
He was elected Foreign member of the Royal Society, in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18804906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804906" title="Back to the Grotto">
Back to the Grotto

Back to the Grotto is the debut studio album by northern California rock band The Mother Hips. It was recorded in July and December 1992 and released in February 1993. American Recordings re-released the album after signing the band to a recording contract.

</doc>
<doc id="18804918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804918" title="Allium bolanderi">
Allium bolanderi

Allium bolanderi is a species of wild onion known by the common name Bolander's onion. It is native to northern California and southern Oregon, where it grows in the rocky soils of the Klamath Mountains and surrounding regions.
The plant grows from an oval-shaped bulb up to 2 centimeters long with associated rhizomes. The stem reaches about 35 centimeters in maximum height and there are two or three long, cylindrical leaves about the same length as the stem. The inflorescence contains 10 to 20 reddish-purple, or occasionally white, flowers, each with very finely toothed tepals.

</doc>
<doc id="18804935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804935" title="Later Days">
Later Days

Later Days is an American rock band from Naples, Florida formed in 2001. The band consists of vocalist and guitarist Mike Wassef, guitarist John Faratzis, and drummer Derrick "D-Rock" Peltz.
Biography.
Early Years.
The band was formed by lead singer Mike Wassef in 2001 in Naples, FL. For the 3 years, they released numerous demos and played shows throughout South Florida, many with good friends and contemporaries Fake Problems. This period culminated with the release of "I've Got My Fingers Crossed, But I'm Not Holding My Breath" in 2003, which was recorded at Skylab Studios in Gainesville, FL and Produced by Maharamzeez and John Faratzis
Catch This Epidemic....
In 2005 the band recorded with Incubus producer, Jim Wirt at 4th Street Studios in Santa Monica, CA and Ameraycan/Paramount Studios in North Hollywood, CA, releasing a five-song EP, featuring guest piano parts from Andrew McMahon of Something Corporate and Jack's Mannequin.
The band toured on this release for the next year, playing with acts like Black Light Burns, Horse the Band, Foxy Shazam, and Forever the Sickest Kids at places ranging from small venues to ones as big as the Masquerade in Atlanta, GA. In the Summer of 2005 the band was chosen to play on the Ernie Ball Stage of the Vans Warped Tour battling with who would become pop-punk contemporaries We The Kings at Vinoy Park in Tampa, Florida.
I Heard They're Getting Huge.
The band returned to the studio with Jim Wirt to record the follow-up "I Heard They're Getting Huge". Two of the tracks from the session, Shake It and Everything were then mixed by multi-platinum Grammy-nominated producer David Bendeth. The album was quickly chosen for sale at Hot Topic stores nationwide, and Alternative Press dubbed them "damn good in our book".
After this release, the Naples Daily News described Later Days as "writing and performing rock songs that would make party-boys Blink 182 envious." Soon after, CSTV selected Later Days from over 2,000 submissions as their top collegiate band and sent them to Reno, Nevada to perform at the Collegiate Nationals Musical Festival. While there, the band recorded an interview with skier Johnny Moseley for his show on Sirius Radio Channel 28 The Faction.
Later Days Decisions.
Instead of booking a normal support tour in dive bars and nightclubs, the band adopted Patrick Coleman to play bass and founded the motivational speaking campaign Later Days Decisions, in a move that has been described as "pop-punk Mother Teresa". The group teamed with SWAT and the Florida Department of Health to incorporate drummer Derrick Peltz's inspirational anti-substance abuse story into the setting of a rock concert. They took their act to middle schools across the state, receiving great reviews. The program is active and currently plays throughout the Greater Los Angeles area.
Don't Forget the Name.
In 2009, the group entered the studio with producer Steve Evetts, and in three months emerged with the break-out "Don't Forget the Name". They used their connections with Home Grown bassist Adam Lohrbach and News Years' Day singer Ashley Costello to bring her into the studio to record guest vocals. The band relocated to Los Angeles full-time to support it. Therecordrebellion.com called it a "crowd favorite" with "catchy riffs and lyrics" and an "upbeat tempo."
Wango Tango & The Los Angeles Years.
In January 2010, the band recruited Paul Martello to play bass. The foursome played multiple shows at The Canyon Club, El Rey Theatre, Whisky A Go Go, Troubador and a sold-out show at the Knitting Factory. In 2010, Los Angeles based radio station KIIS FM named Later Days the winner of their Taco Bell Breakout Star contest where they won $10,000 and a spot to play their annual Wango Tango concert. From a video submission Later Days was picked to perform in the semi-finals at Universal CityWalk and then went on to win the finals one week later. After their performance at Wango Tango, online music blog "I Am Pop Culture" featured them as a band to keep an eye out for calling them, "great entertainers" and "really exciting to watch on stage." Noted Upstate New York blogger Jeanie DiNapoli from Times Union (Albany) called their KIIS win "the big break they have been waiting for." Their single "P.C.H. (Hustle This Place)" is currently in rotation on KIIS. 
On April 9, 2011, they garnered over 100,000 online votes to win the LA Kings Live Music Nights contest to become the first act to perform live music during the intermission of an LA Kings game. It marked the fourth time they played the Staples Center in less than a year.
Television Placement.
In April 2011, television producers Bunim-Murray, creators of such popular reality shows as The Real World, placed the song "P.C.H (Hustle This Place)" as the theme for VH1's reality show Saddle Ranch. The song about the Pacific Coast Highway includes the chorus "Let's have fun tonight, let the cops come and pick a fight, we're gonna hustle this place until everybody knows our name." The show is based on the Sunset Strip restaurant called Saddle Ranch in Hollywood, CA. Ex's Bestfriend, off their '09 release Don't Forget The Name, was featured in the Warped Tour episode of The Real World: San Diego. There have been continuous placements off Later Days album "Don't Forget The Name" featured on Oxygen network's hit TV show Bad Girls Club -- a few of the featured songs have included angst anthems "Five Little Friends" and "Grady Scott (Goodnight, Goodbye)". On September 16th, 2012 their song "Changes" off the album Don't Forget The Name was featured on the season finale of season 7 of Keeping Up With The Kardashians.
In August 2011, singer/songwriter/producer Mike RustleRamzeez Wassef got invited to join as a member of the Screen Actors Guild, as he appeared as a principle performer in a nationally-run television advertisement for T-Mobile.
Philanthropy.
Singer/Songwriter/Producer, Mike Wassef is a presiding member, and president for non-profit organization Maria's Birthday Wishes For the Homeless, 501(c)(3).
Mike Wassef and the members of Later Days are frequently involved with the activities supporting the Emily Shane Foundation, 501(c)(3), a non-profit organization that was founded by producer Michel Shane in honor of his late daughter Emily Shane who was a loyal fan of the group.

</doc>
<doc id="18804952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804952" title="City Federal Building">
City Federal Building

The City Federal Building (originally the Comer Building) is a skyscraper located on Second Avenue North in Birmingham, Alabama. It was built in 1913 and was designed by architect William C. Weston. It stands 27 stories or 325 feet on the Birmingham skyline. 
At the time it was completed it was the tallest building in the Southeast. It was the tallest building Alabama from 1913 to 1969, and the tallest in Birmingham until 1972. Currently, it is the 5th tallest building in Birmingham. It is still the tallest neoclassical building in the south. The building has since been converted into commercial space and high end condominiums. On December 14, 2005 the City Federal Building's famous red neon sign was re-lit for the first time since the mid-1990s, signaling the buildings renewal.

</doc>
<doc id="18804968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804968" title="Jack Bedson">
Jack Bedson

John William "Jack" Bedson (born 5 March 1950) is an Australian writer, poet, children's picture book author, and former university librarian.
Bedson was born in the Sydney suburb of Redfern and raised in Sydney's inner suburbs. He went to preschool at Blackfriar's Public School in Chippendale, primary school at St Benedict's Broadway, and secondary at De La Salle College, Marrickville. He worked briefly as a stage hand at TCN9 Willoughby, and was accepted to the National Institute of Dramatic Art production course but declined in favour of an Arts degree at the University of New South Wales, graduating with First Class Honours in 1973 then completing a Diploma in Librarianship in 1974.
Bedson pursued librarianship in Tasmania where he also qualified as a ticketwriter, and began publishing poetry. He travelled for three years in Asia and Europe with his partner Margaret Bain before returning to settle in Armidale, New South Wales where he worked at the library of the University of New England. He acted as University Librarian in 2000 and 2007-9.
His best-selling children's picture books "Don't Get Burnt" and "SheepDogs", illustrated by Peter Gouldthorpe, are classic Australian tales of the city and the bush. His adult poetry is salted with aphorisms, as in "Karma, Sorta":
Selected bibliography.
A fuller bibliography is available at "AustLit" http://www.austlit.edu.au/

</doc>
<doc id="18804985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804985" title="Etiquette (disambiguation)">
Etiquette (disambiguation)

Etiquette refers to shared cultural norms governing individual behavior.
Etiquette may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18804992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18804992" title="Republic of Pińczów">
Republic of Pińczów

Republic of Pińczów () was a name of short-lived entity (1000 km²) in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship liberated by joint forces of polish Resistance formations: Home Army, People's Army and Peasants' Battalions, during a period from July 21 to August 12, 1944.
Power in the Republic belonged to delegate of Polish Government in Exile and local commander of the Home Army Forces. There was also a separate authority, which composed communist forces.
The Republic collapsed due to concentration of Wehrmacht nearby and lack of supplies.

</doc>
<doc id="18805000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805000" title="Dying Changes Everything">
Dying Changes Everything

"Dying Changes Everything" is the first episode of the fifth season of "House" and the eighty-seventh episode overall. It originally aired on September 16, 2008.
Plot.
Lou (Christine Woods) is a thirty-seven-year-old woman who works as the assistant to a high profile feminist activist and travels around the world at her boss’s side. In the middle of a meeting, Lou suddenly began to hallucinate ants crawling all over her body.
She is admitted to House’s service for what at first appear to be psychiatric symptoms. While House is in the midst of disregarding the patient, Foreman states that she was also found to have abdominal pain, anemia, and bradycardia. House moves on with running a cross-diagnosis with his team while they, in turn, are wondering if House has yet to speak with Wilson. House moves on stating that it could be an illness that was contracted while flying around the world. Suggesting that Thirteen has tested positive for Huntington's, he quickly moves on to the treatment and diagnosis of Lou, telling the team to test for vitamin B12 deficiency.
While Thirteen administers the shot, Lou complains of fecal incontinence, but Thirteen discovers that she has instead passed a large amount of blood. Upper and lower endoscopies came back normal and no source of bleeding could be found. Her pregnancy test came back positive, but when Kutner performed a uterine ultrasound he was unable to find a fetus. The team is now considering the diagnoses of choriocarcinoma and selective immunoglobulin A deficiency. House disagrees with all three possibilities and reveals that the patient has an ectopic pregnancy. In his rage with his recent encounter with Wilson, he quickly does the ultra-sound without warning and shows Thirteen that the fetus has implanted in the intestine, and this is causing Lou's bleeding and other symptoms. The fetus cannot survive where it is and is a threat to Lou’s life, so Chase has to surgically terminate the pregnancy.
Lou continues to have a slow heart rate after the surgery, while also developing new neurological signs such as constant blinking. Her heart rate continues to drop, going so low that she slips into cardiac arrest; but the team is able to implant pacer wires and revive her. Anxiety, stroke, and Tourette's syndrome are suggested for her neurological symptoms, but Taub points out that they wouldn’t explain her low heart rate. Thirteen suspects multiple sclerosis, and the patient is started on Interferon. There is no improvement on the treatment — in fact, she develops a fever. Thirteen now suspects Lou somehow became infected during the surgery. On reviewing the surgical tapes, the team notices a small nodule in the intestine that they think might possibly be a ganglioma which could have caused her symptoms. They want Chase to perform another surgery to biopsy it, but he refuses, pointing out that the patient barely survived the first surgery. Instead, they decide on a do-it-yourself biopsy procedure involving an endoscope, a light, and a scalpel — and no anesthesia. Ultimately and painfully, the biopsy is obtained. Under the microscope, it shows no ganglioma, and is suggestive of amyloidosis. To treat the amyloidosis, Taub states that they need to discover what caused it, and the team considers rheumatoid arthritis, familial Mediterranean fever, and lymphoma as possible causes of the disorder. Wilson looks at the biopsy and decides that while it doesn’t necessarily look like lymphoma, it doesn’t not look like it either, and that’s good enough for Foreman to start Lou on chemotherapy. She does show improvement on the chemo, so lymphoma seems to have been the cause of her problems. But then House appears, and pointing to the previously unmentioned bruises on her legs, says that she has diffuse lepromatous leprosy and this is what has been the cause of all her problems. Some antibiotics and Prednisone, and she’ll be cured.
At the end of the episode, Thirteen expresses her disbelief that Lou intends to return to her previous job. Earlier in the episode, when Lou thought she was dying, she had told Thirteen of her plans to make a better life for herself. House tells Thirteen that he likes her better now that she is dying and says, "Almost dying changes nothing, dying changes everything." House then enters Wilson's office and offers an apology in a final attempt to make him stay. Wilson tells House that he does not blame him for Amber's death, as much as he wanted to, and tried hard to. However, when House starts to assume that everything is okay, Wilson tells House that Amber was never the real reason why he was leaving. Wilson says that he has realized that House is cruel and heartless to everybody, including him, and throughout their entire friendship, he's been enabling his behavior. Wilson claims that as long as the two remain friends, he will always continue this negativity. He then begins to say that he should have been on the bus that crashed, but then he says that House should have been on it alone. "We're not friends any more, House; I'm not sure we ever were," Wilson says as he leaves his office and leaves House in the room alone.
Reception.
Zack Handlen of "The A.V. Club" graded the episode a B+, stating "Grief also plays a part in the Wilson storyline, and it's here where 'Dying' really clicks".

</doc>
<doc id="18805006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805006" title="Hometown Girl">
Hometown Girl

Hometown Girl is the debut album from American country music artist Mary Chapin Carpenter. It was released on July 30, 1987 (see 1987 in country music) on Columbia Records. The album did not produce any chart singles. It was produced by John Jennings, except for the track "Come On Home", which was produced by Steve Buckingham.
Vik Iyengar of Allmusic gave the album a two-and-a-half star rating out of five, saying that although it "her songwriting skills are apparent" on the album, it did not contain as many "rollicking" tunes as Carpenter's following albums. "The Washington Post" gave it a more favorable review, praising the songs that Carpenter wrote.
Initially, Carpenter was to have included the John Stewart song "Runaway Train" on this album. Her version did not make the final cut, and was instead recorded by Rosanne Cash on her 1987 album "King's Record Shop".
Track listing.
All songs written by Mary Chapin Carpenter unless noted.
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="18805010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805010" title="Sarana Bay">
Sarana Bay

Sarana Bay is an inlet on the east coast of the island of Attu in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="18805028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805028" title="1991 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships">
1991 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships

The 1991 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships ("1991 WJHC") was the 15th edition of the World Junior Ice Hockey Championships and was held in various communities in Saskatchewan, Canada. Canada won its second consecutive gold medal, and fifth overall, while the Soviet Union won silver, and Czechoslovakia the bronze.
Final standings.
The 1991 tournament was a round-robin format, with the top three teams winning gold, silver and bronze medals respectively.
"Norway was relegated to Pool B for 1992."
Pool B.
Eight teams contested the second tier this year in Tychy and Oswiecim Poland from December 27 to January 5. It was played in a simple round robin format, each team playing seven games.
"Germany was promoted to Pool A and Denmark was relegated to Pool C for 1992."
Pool C.
Eight teams contested the third tier this year in Belgrade Yugoslavia from December 27 to January 5. It was played in a simple round robin format, each team playing seven games. Greece's national junior team made their debut this year.
"North Korea was promoted to Pool B for 1992."

</doc>
<doc id="18805042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805042" title="Interstate Aircraft">
Interstate Aircraft

Interstate Aircraft and Engineering Corporation was a small American aircraft manufacturer from April 1937 to 1945, based in El Segundo, California. In 1940 they developed the Cadet, a 2-seat monoplane. The Model S-1B was developed into the XO-63, later redesignated to the XL-6. Two hundred fifty-nine of the XO-63/L-6/L-8 series were built for the USAAF. Assets of the company were sold to the Harlow Aircraft Company in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18805056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805056" title="Sarana Valley">
Sarana Valley

Sarana Valley is a valley in the mountains of northeastern Attu Island in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska.
Together with Sarana Pass, Sarana Valley leads from Sarana Bay on the east coast of the island northward to Chichagof Harbor on the island's northeast coast.

</doc>
<doc id="18805066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805066" title="James Henthorn Todd">
James Henthorn Todd

James Henthorn Todd (23 April 1805 – 28 June 1869) was a biblical scholar, educator, and Irish historian. He is noted for his efforts to place religious disagreements on a rational historical footing, for his advocacy of a liberal form of Protestantism, and for his endeavours as an educator, librarian, and scholar in Irish history.
Early life.
He was the son of Charles Hawkes Todd, a professor of surgery, and Eliza Bentley, and was the oldest of fifteen children. Noted physician Robert Bentley Todd was among his younger brothers. His father died a year after he received a B.A. from Trinity College in 1825, diminishing his prospects for success. However, he was able to remain at the college by tutoring and editing a church periodical.
Professional life.
He obtained a premium in 1829, and two years later was elected Fellow, taking deacon's orders in the same year. From that time until 1850, when he became a Senior Fellow, he was among the most popular tutors in Trinity College.
Todd took priest's orders in 1832. He began publishing in earnest, including papers on John Wycliffe, church history, and the religious questions of his day. He was Donnellan Lecturer in 1838 and 1839, publishing works related to the Antichrist in which he opposed the views of the more extreme of his co-religionists who applied this term to the Roman Catholicism and the Pope. In 1840 he graduated Doctor of Divinity.
In 1837 he had been installed Treasurer at St. Patrick's Cathedral in Dublin, and would become Precentor in 1864. His style of preaching was described as simple and lucid, and his sermons interesting. He co-founded Saint Columba's College in 1843, a school which promoted the Irish language for those who intended to take orders, as well as promoting the principles of the Church of Ireland.
In 1849 Todd was made Regius Professor of Hebrew at Trinity, and a Senior Fellow the following year. In 1852 he was appointed Librarian, and working alongside John O'Donovan and Eugene O'Curry, he classified and arranged the collection of manuscripts. When his office received money, he spent it on the acquisition of manuscripts and rare books, and he deserves much credit for the library's high ranking as one of the chief libraries of Europe.
His secular achievements were no less remarkable. In 1840 Todd co-founded the Irish Archaeological Society and acted as its honorary secretary. He was elected a member of the Royal Irish Academy, and strove actively to acquire transcripts and accurate accounts of Irish manuscripts from foreign libraries. He was honorary secretary from 1847 to 1855, and president from 1856 to 1861. In 1860 he was given an "ad eundem" degree at Oxford.
Todd was a notable person among notable people. His work was widely respected and cited. Among his friends and acquaintances were lawyer and poet Sir Samuel Ferguson, Conservative MP and Roman Catholic convert Edwin Wyndham-Quin, fellow historian William Reeves, artist Sir George Petrie, and the Stokes family (physician father William, future lawyer and Celticist son Whitley, and future antiquarian daughter Margaret).
James Henthorn Todd died at his house in Rathfarnham on 28 June 1869 and was buried in the churchyard of St. Patrick's Cathedral.
External links.
Several of his works
About his works

</doc>
<doc id="18805070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805070" title="Tommy Smith (baseball)">
Tommy Smith (baseball)

Tommy Alexander Smith (born August 1, 1948 in Albemarle, North Carolina) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played five seasons in the majors, four for the Cleveland Indians and one for the Seattle Mariners, mostly in the outfield.
Smith was selected by the Indians in the 3rd round of the 1970 Major League Baseball Draft out of North Carolina State University, where he played college baseball for the Wolfpack. He spent the next several seasons in their farm system, seeing only brief stints with the major league club in each season from until . In , he got his first real shot at big league playing time, playing 55 games and batting .256.
Prior to the season, Smith was selected with the 58th pick (third round) of the 1976 MLB expansion draft by the Mariners. However, even with an expansion team Smith saw very little time in the majors, playing in just 21 games, going 7-for-27 in his final major league season.

</doc>
<doc id="18805086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805086" title="Sarana Pass">
Sarana Pass

Sarana Pass is a pass in the mountains of northeastern Attu Island in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska.
Together with Sarana Valley, Sarana Pass leads from Sarana Bay on the east coast of the island northward to Chichagof Harbor on the island's northeast coast.

</doc>
<doc id="18805118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805118" title="Maryneal, Texas">
Maryneal, Texas

Maryneal is an unincorporated community in southern Nolan County, Texas, United States. It lies along FM 608 south of the city of Sweetwater, the county seat of Nolan County. Its elevation is 2,566 feet (782 m). Although Maryneal is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 79535; the ZCTA for ZIP Code 79535 had a population of 181 at the 2000 census.
Founded in 1907 along the Kansas City, Mexico and Orient Railway, the community was named for one or more people; the source of its name is disputed. In its early history, the community was more significant than it is today: it won a significant minority of the votes in an election (losing to Sweetwater) to determine the county seat, and a post office was established in Maryneal by being moved from Decker.

</doc>
<doc id="18805119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805119" title="Nolan, Texas">
Nolan, Texas

Nolan is an unincorporated community in southeastern Nolan County, Texas, United States. It lies along FM 126 southeast of the city of Sweetwater, the county seat of Nolan County. Its elevation is 2,493 feet (760 m). Although Nolan is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 79537; the ZCTA for ZIP Code 79537 had a population of 94 at the 2000 census.
Nolan was founded in 1928 as a union of two communities: a previous Nolan (to the west), and Dora (to the east).

</doc>
<doc id="18805120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805120" title="Jolimont Workshops">
Jolimont Workshops

Jolimont Workshops was a railway workshop operated by the Victorian Railways beside Jolimont Yard in inner city Melbourne, Australia. Opened in 1917 and dedicated to the maintenance and repair of electric multiple units and locomotives, it was the first part of the yard to be closed and relocated, with demolition completed in 1994. The site is now part of the Melbourne Park tennis complex.
History.
Built as part of the electrification of the Melbourne suburban network, it was the main storage, servicing and maintenance depot for the new fleet of suburban trains. The workshops was erected to the south along Batman Avenues, with the storage sidings located between the running lines. The site had been home to the Princes Bridge locomotive depot built in 1888. This depot had replaced a small engine shed located east of the station of the same name and built in 1859 by the Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company. 
In addition to the maintenance of the suburban multiple unit fleet, the E class suburban freight locomotives were housed there from their introduction, as steam locomotives were housed at the North Melbourne Locomotive Depot. The L class mainline electrics followed on their introduction in the 1950s, but were moved with the diesel fleet to the new South Dynon Locomotive Depot in 1964, and the entire E class fleet followed in June 1968.
Until relocated to Spencer Street, the Victorian Railways housed their railmotors fleet at the depot. By the 1950s they included the AEC, Leyland, Dodge, petrol electric, and 102hp, 153hp and 280hp Walker railmotors.
The workshops had a whistle that signalled the start of the workday, which could heard in the city and surrounding suburbs. Rumored to be a WW2 air raid siren, it was the last industrial whistle in central Melbourne. After the opening of the adjacent Tennis Centre officials asked for the whistle to be silenced, which was eventually done.
Facilities.
The workshops had a main carshed, with tracks leading into it at both the east (Richmond) and west (Flinders Street) ends. The brick car shed was 109 metres wide, 122 to 183 metres long depending of the section, and was designed to be expanded to a uniform width of 305 metres. The car shed was divided into three separate sections:
A turntable was provided for reversing the cabs of motor cars and driving trailers into the required direction. A carriage wash was also located at the workshops for cleaning the exterior of trains.
Shunters.
The workshops were assigned a variety of different shunting locomotives for use in the yard:
Demise.
By the mid-1980s the Metropolitan Transit Authority (successor to the Victorian Railways) drew up plans for the closure and decentralisation of the Jolimont Workshops, with new railway facilities to be built around suburban Melbourne. The original plan included:
Of the proposals, the Nunawading facility was dropped due to protests by local residents. Epping Workshops was the first main facility to open, entering service in 1990. Further expansion of workshop facilities did not happen until the rationalisation of Jolimont Yard itself in 1997, with a smaller facility built at Bayswater to replace the abandoned Nunawading facility, while a second was built at Westall instead of that at Oakleigh. Macaulay also gained a light maintenance facility beside the existing stabling yard in 1993. A replacement washing plant and stabling sidings were made operational in Melbourne Yard in May 1995. 
The workshops finally closed in April 1993. Track and overhead was removed by November 1993, with demolition of the workshops approved in May 1994, and the inspection and paint shops demolished by August 1994. The land was used to expand the Melbourne Park tennis centre, with the opening of additional outside courts to the north of Rod Laver Arena.

</doc>
<doc id="18805128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805128" title="Sedaka's Back">
Sedaka's Back

"Sedaka's Back" is an album by American singer-songwriter Neil Sedaka. The record, composed of selections from his previous three albums, which had been released only in the UK, was released on Elton John's label, The Rocket Record Company, in 1974. Three singles were released from this album: "Laughter in the Rain" (a #1 hit), "The Immigrant" (dedicated to John Lennon) and "That's When The Music Takes Me." The latter two songs were both Top 40 hits. Also included were songs that were turned into hits by other artists: "Solitaire" (The Carpenters) and "Love Will Keep Us Together" (The Captain & Tennille). The album reached No. 23 on the US Billboard album charts and was certified Gold for shipping half a million sales.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
Bonus Tracks for the 1998 CD re-issue
US Singles Releases.
Many of the other songs on this album saw singles releases in the UK and throughout Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18805137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805137" title="Chichagof Harbor">
Chichagof Harbor

Chichagof Harbor is an inlet on the northeast coast of the island of Attu in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska. It is named after Russian Admiral and polar explorer Vasily Chichagov.
It is the location of the Aleut village served by an American pastor and his wife. It was also where some heavy fighting took place during the recapture of the island from the Japanese during World War II and afterward was the site of Battery B 42nd Coast Artillery Battalion.

</doc>
<doc id="18805139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805139" title="United States presidential election in California, 1996">
United States presidential election in California, 1996

The 1996 United States presidential election in California took place on November 5, 1996 as part of the 1996 United States presidential election. Voters chose 54 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
California, was won by President Bill Clinton (D) over Senator Bob Dole (R-KS), with Clinton winning 51.1% to 38.21% by a margin of 12.89%. Billionaire businessman Ross Perot (Reform Party of the United States of America-TX) finished in third with 6.96% of the popular vote.
California is one of thirteen states where on the election ballot, James Campbell of California, Perot's former boss at IBM, was listed as a stand-in Vice-Presidential candidate. 

</doc>
<doc id="18805159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805159" title="Allium burlewii">
Allium burlewii

Allium burlewii is a species of wild onion known by the common name Burlew's onion. It is endemic to California, where grows in the granitic soils of several of the central and southern mountain ranges, usually between 6,000 and 10,000 feet above sea level. This is a short-stemmed onion, growing to heights of just a few centimeters from an oval-shaped bulb. It sprouts a single long, pointed onion leaf. The inflorescence contains up to 20 dark-veined purple flowers each up to a centimeter long with dark purple anthers.

</doc>
<doc id="18805163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805163" title="OSInform Information Agency">
OSInform Information Agency

OSinform Information Agency () is a South Ossetian news agency. It provides news coverage of political, economic, social, cultural, and sports events in South Ossetia and North Ossetia.
OSInform was founded by South Ossetian Television and Radio Broadcasting Company "IR" that is operated by South Ossetian State Committee for TV and Radio Broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="18805166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805166" title="2003 Grand Prix of Monterey">
2003 Grand Prix of Monterey

The 2003 Grand Prix of Monterey was the seventh round of the 2003 CART World Series season, held on June 15, 2003 at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca in Monterey, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18805171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805171" title="Feudal (disambiguation)">
Feudal (disambiguation)

Feudal can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18805181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805181" title="Vance McHenry">
Vance McHenry

Vance Loren McHenry is a former Major League Baseball player for the Seattle Mariners. He played sparingly in two brief major league stints in and , batting .211 in 18 games.

</doc>
<doc id="18805193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805193" title="Thomas Finchum">
Thomas Finchum

Thomas Finchum (born December 1, 1989) is an American platform diver. He was a member of the 2008 U.S. Olympic team. Finchum announced his retirement in 2012. He is now a pursuing a country music career as the lead singer of Northern Nights.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Finchum and David Boudia placed fifth in the 10-meter synchronized diving competition. Finchum finished 12th in the individual 10-meter event.
Championships.
At the 2011 U.S. National Championships, Finchum and Drew Livingston won the 10-meter synchronized men platform title. At the World Championships, he and Boudia were bronze medalists in 2007 and silver medalists in 2009.
Retirement.
On June 24, 2012, the day after he failed to qualify for the 2012 Summer Olympics, Finchum announced his retirement from competitive diving. He will move to Nashville, Tennessee, where he will attend Belmont University and pursue a country music career with his band, Northern Nights.

</doc>
<doc id="18805224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805224" title="Jen Delyth">
Jen Delyth

Jen Delyth (born 1962), Welsh-born artist and author, is a contemporary Celtic Art illustrator and author who has contributed to the Celtic folk tradition with her original Celtic art and designs"Jen’s artwork has been admired by Celtic enthusiasts worldwide for many years."
David James, author of "New Visions in Celtic Art: The Modern Tradition" Blandford Press 1999 (ISBN 0-7137-2736-5)</ref> based on Celtic mythology and symbolism. "You may already be familiar with the artwork of Welsh artist Jen Delyth, who has done more than any others (aside from England's Courtney Davis and original Celtic art revivalist George Bain) to bring the ancient interlace designs, spirals, patterns and imagery of the Celts to modern awareness. As it turns out, Delyth is also an excellent writer and is well steeped in Celtic folk-lore, mythology and mysticism. Her stunning artwork and words vividly express the beauty, power and spirit of nature, as seen from the perspective of Celtic tradition. - Dirty Linen Magazine Book Review July 2008 
The Celtic Tree of Life.
Delyth is the creator of a contemporary Celtic Tree of Life design that has become a popular Celtic folk-art symbol. Delyth created the Celtic Tree of Life in early 1990. This contemporary design - "not found in antiquity" - describes in the language of Celtic Art patterning, the symbolism of the Tree of LIfe, representing (the artist's interpretation of) the interconnection of all things.
The symbolism of the Celtic Tree vividly comes to life in (this) design by Celtic artist, Jen Delyth. Their branches reach high into the heavens. Their roots dig deep into the Earth.
Yet all are woven together, signifying the connection between all things in the Heavens and the Earth.
The Celtic Tree of Life, as interpreted (here) by Welsh artist Jen Delyth, shows a concept of the cosmos in which the universe is in the form of a tree whose roots and branches join. religioustolerance.org
Although often misinterpreted as an ancient symbol, the Celtic Tree of Life is perhaps Delyth's most notable contribution to contemporary Celtic Art.
Many of Jen Delyth's patterns, like her trademark Tree of Life, have such an iconic resonance that they seem instantly familiar. They are the visual equivalent of a folk song, drawing from us some connection with a mythic marvelous past. Although her work is original and of our time, many have erroneously come to believe they are of ancient origin, so strongly do they resonate with the timeless quality we associate with our Celtic forbears.
Although most Celtic art today is based on ancient sources, there are some contemporary Celtic artists who consider the Celtic arts culture a "living tradition"- creating new works, rather than simply reproducing the traditional motifs. Working within a folk-art genre with ancient roots, has created some complications and misconceptions for their new designs - that are not actually available in the public domain. In the ongoing challenge to protect her own work - especially her popular Tree image - from misuse, Delyth has also been an instrumental advocate for the rights of modern-day Celtic artists, participating in campaigns to promote and protect copyright from infringement, and educate the public on proper uses.
Published works.
Published works include Books, Book Cover and magazine illustrations, Music and Theatre Illustration and the popular "Celtic Mandalas" Calendar, Journals and Greeting Cards. Also featured as invited guest on television, festivals include and events across the country. Jen’s prints and paintings have been exhibited with solo and group shows internationally, including with the "Contemporary American Celtic" art group, of which Delyth is a founding member, touring the States during 2000 and 2007. Delyth also established her business "Keltic Designs" which showcases her original designs on everything from Fine Art Prints and textiles to heirloom tapestries.
Collaborations.
Celtic Folk Soul - Art, Myth and Symbol illustrated and written by Jen Delyth contains examples of ancient and contemporary poetry. With a foreword by Scottish musician and author Robin Williamson
Beyond the Ninth Wave Celtic art and animation, with spoken word by founder/Poet Gilli Smyth was published by Ninth Wave Productions in 2000. Also featuring music by Michael Masley, Silver Arm, and Aryeh Frankfurter. Ninth Wave film has been featured with Irish Band Kila in San Francisco 2001, Trillian Green, and Woodland at Faerieworlds in Veneta, OR.
Illustrations.
1991 "Surfinary: A Dictionary of Surfing Terms and Surfspeak", Trevor Cralle, Ten Speed Press. Illustration (ISBN 0-89815-422-7)
1992 "Dictionary of Celtic Myth and Legend", Miranda Green, Thames & Hudson, Frontispiece & Illustration (ISBN 0-500-27975-6)
1992 "Animals in Celtic Life and Myth", Miranda Green, Routlege (ISBN 0-415-05030-8)
1993 "Celtic Myths", Miranda Green, British Museum Press (ISBN 0-7141-2091-X)
1995 "Sacred Symbols: The Celts", Thames & Hudson, Illustration (ISBN 0-500-06014-2)
1997 "Celtic Crafts: The Living Tradition", David James, Blandford Press, Featured Artist, Illustration & Article (ISBN 0-7137-2663-6)
1997 "Parabola: Myth, Tradition and the Search for Meaning" Illustrations
1999 "New Visions in Celtic Art: The Modern Tradition", David James, Blandford Press, Featured Artist, Illustrations & Text (ISBN 0-7137-2736-5)
2000 "Celtic Journey", EarthTone Records, CD Cover and Artwork (ASIN: B00004RCUO)
2000 "Beyond the Ninth Wave", Ninth Wave Productions, Artwork, Animation, Audio, Production (ASIN: B000FSY94A)
2002 "Mandala Journey to the Center", Bailey Cunningham, DK Publications, Chapter Frontispiece (ISBN 0-7894-9740-9)
2002 Renaissance Magazine, Vol. 5, #3, Issue 19, Featured Artist
2002 "Ravens", Mad Mama Moon, CD Cover and Interior Artwork
2005 "Riddle on the Mountain", Daryl Burkhead, Dog Earred Press, Concept & Design Inspiration (ISBN 0-9668289-5-X)
2005 "Theatr ná nóg", a touring, Welsh production of Melangell - Theatre Poster Design
2006 "Celtic Way of Seeing: Meditations on the Irish Spirit Wheel", Frank MacEowen, New World Library, Cover Illustration (ISBN 1-57731-541-3)
2007 "The Four Branches of the Mabinogi: Celtic Myth and Medieval Reality", Will Parker, Bardic Press, Cover and Inside Illustration (ISBN 0-9745667-5-6)
2008 "Celtic Folk Soul - Art, Myth & Symbol": Amber Lotus Publishing, Cover, internal Illustrations, Text, Design (ISBN 1-60237-116-4)
2008 " Originally Blessed - 25th Anniversary of Matthew Fox's Original Blessing:"Creation Spirituality Communities Creation Spirituality, Illustration and Text
2000 - 2008 "Celtic Mandala" Calendars, Journals & Datebooks: Amber Lotus Publishing, artwork, design and text (ISBN 1-56937-759-6) (ISBN 1-885394-58-6), (ISBN 1-60237-057-5), (ISBN 1-60237-113-X), (ISBN 1-56937-693-X)
Exhibitions.
1991 "International Celtic Conference", Swansea University, UK
1994, 1996 "Herbst Theatre Gallery", San Francisco, CA
1997 "60th Street Gallery Group Show", Oakland, CA
2000 "American Celtic Art Exhibition", Milwaukie, WI
2001 "American Celtic Art Exhibition", Cincinnati, OH & Chicago, IL
2002 "Earth Gallery", Solo Art Show, Garberville, CA - Jen Delyth Art and Animation
2006 "Bridging Heaven & Earth Group Show", [http://www.heaventoearth.com] Santa Barbara, CA.
2006 "Bridging Heaven & Earth", [http://www.heaventoearth.com] television broadcast - Animation and Artwork
2005-2007 Faerieworlds Festival, Featured Artist - Main stage screening of Beyond Ninth Wave animation & artwork.
2006 " Madden Arts Center", Group Show, Decatur, IL - Contemporary American Celtic
2007 "Irish American Heritage Center", Group Show, Chicago, IL - Contemporary American Celtic 
2008 "Talisman Gallery", [http://www.talismangallery.com] Portland, Oregon - Solo show, Giclee prints and original paintings. Screening of Celtic Art video, Book Signing
2008 "Kathleens's of Dublin", Portland, Oregon - Art Show, Screening of Ninth Wave animation video, Book Signing
2008 "Field's Books" San Francisco - Book Reading, Showing of Fine Art Prints, Book signing
2008 Faerieworlds Festival, Eugene, Oregon Featured Artist

</doc>
<doc id="18805226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805226" title="Allium cratericola">
Allium cratericola

Allium cratericola is a species of wild onion known by the common name Cascade onion. It is endemic to California, where is an uncommon member of the flora in several of the state's mountain ranges, including the northern California Coast Ranges, the western Transverse Ranges, Klamath Mountains, and the Sierra Nevada foothills. 
This onion, "Allium cratericola", grows a short stem up to tall from a brown-coated oval-shaped bulb. There are one or two long, pointed leaves up to four times the length of the stem. 
The inflorescence contains up to 20 rosy pink flowers clustered densely together.

</doc>
<doc id="18805242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805242" title="Sean Rosenthal">
Sean Rosenthal

Sean Michael Rosenthal (born June 19, 1980) is an American beach volleyball player.
He and his former partner, Jake Gibb, represented the United States at the 2008 Olympic Games and 2012 Olympic Games in beach volleyball.
Early life.
Rosenthal was born in Torrance, California. He was raised by his mother, Laura Hurlburt. He attended Redondo Union High School. Rosenthal made his AVP debut as a 16-year old in 1997 with his partner Dale Smith who was 36. Rosenthal did not attend college.
International.
Sean and partner Jake Gibb competed in eight FIVB events in 2008 as part of the Olympic qualifying process, and have earned $42,650 on the FIVB tour in 2008. In 2007, Sean and Jake played in six international events, with fifth being their best finish. They won $26,950.
He and Gibb are currently coached by Mike Dodd.
Olympics.
After making his Olympic debut at the 2008 Summer Olympics with Gibb, the team made it to the quarterfinals before losing to Brazilian duo Ricardo Santos and Emanuel Rego.

</doc>
<doc id="18805249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805249" title="Modes of convergence (annotated index)">
Modes of convergence (annotated index)

The purpose of this article is to serve as an annotated index of various modes of convergence and their logical relationships. For an expository article, see Modes of convergence. Simple logical relationships between different modes of convergence are indicated (e.g., if one implies another), formulaically rather than in prose for quick reference, and indepth descriptions and discussions are reserved for their respective articles.
"Guide to this index." To avoid excessive verbiage, note that each of the following types of objects is a special case of types preceding it: sets, topological spaces, uniform spaces, topological abelian groups (TAG), normed vector spaces, Euclidean spaces, and the real/complex numbers. Also note that any metric space is a uniform space. Finally, subheadings will always indicate special cases of their superheadings.
The following is a list of modes of convergence for:
A sequence of elements {"an"} in a topological space ("Y").
...in a uniform space ("U").
Implications:
  -   Convergence formula_1 Cauchy-convergence
  -   Cauchy-convergence and convergence of a subsequence together formula_1 convergence.
  -   "U" is called "complete" if Cauchy-convergence (for nets) formula_1 convergence.
Note: A sequence exhibiting Cauchy-convergence is called a "cauchy sequence" to emphasize that it may not be convergent.
A series of elements Σ"bk" in a TAG ("G").
Implications:
  -   Unconditional convergence formula_1 convergence (by definition).
...in a normed space ("N").
Implications:
  -   Absolute-convergence formula_1 Cauchy-convergence formula_1 absolute-convergence of some grouping1.
  -   Therefore: "N" is Banach (complete) if absolute-convergence formula_1 convergence.
  -   Absolute-convergence and convergence together formula_1 unconditional convergence.
  -   Unconditional convergence formula_10 absolute-convergence, even if "N" is Banach.
  -   If "N" is a Euclidean space, then unconditional convergence formula_11 absolute-convergence.
1 Note: "grouping" refers to a series obtained by grouping (but not reordering) terms of the original series. A grouping of a series thus corresponds to a subsequence of its partial sums.
A sequence of functions {"fn"} from a set ("S") to a topological space ("Y").
...from a set ("S") to a uniform space ("U").
Implications are cases of earlier ones, except:
  -   Uniform convergence formula_1 both pointwise convergence and uniform Cauchy-convergence.
  -   Uniform Cauchy-convergence and pointwise convergence of a subsequence formula_1 uniform convergence.
...from a topological space ("X") to a uniform space ("U").
For many "global" modes of convergence, there are corresponding notions of "a") "local" and "b") "compact" convergence, which are given by requiring convergence to occur "a") on some neighborhood of each point, or "b") on all compact subsets of "X". Examples:
Implications:
  -   "Global" modes of convergence imply the corresponding "local" and "compact" modes of convergence. E.g.:
      Uniform convergence formula_1 both local uniform convergence and compact (uniform) convergence.
  -   "Local" modes of convergence tend to imply "compact" modes of convergence. E.g.,
      Local uniform convergence formula_1 compact (uniform) convergence.
  -   If formula_16 is locally compact, the converses to such tend to hold:
      Local uniform convergence formula_11 compact (uniform) convergence.
...from a measure space (S,μ) to the complex numbers (C).
Implications:
  -   Pointwise convergence formula_1 almost everywhere convergence.
  -   Uniform convergence formula_1 almost uniform convergence.
  -   Almost everywhere convergence formula_1 convergence in measure. (In a finite measure space)
  -   Almost uniform convergence formula_1 convergence in measure.
  -   Lp convergence formula_1 convergence in measure.
  -   Convergence in measure formula_1 convergence in distribution if μ is a probability measure and the functions are integrable.
A series of functions Σ"gk" from a set ("S") to a TAG ("G").
Implications are all cases of earlier ones.
...from a set ("S") to a normed space ("N").
Generally, replacing "convergence" by "absolute-convergence" means one is referring to convergence of the series of nonnegative functions formula_24 in place of formula_25.
Implications are cases of earlier ones, except:
  -   Normal convergence formula_1 uniform absolute-convergence
...from a topological space ("X") to a TAG ("G").
Implications are all cases of earlier ones.
...from a topological space ("X") to a normed space ("N").
Implications (mostly cases of earlier ones):
  -   Uniform absolute-convergence formula_1 both local uniform absolute-convergence and compact (uniform) absolute-convergence.
      Normal convergence formula_1 both local normal convergence and compact normal convergence.
  -   Local normal convergence formula_1 local uniform absolute-convergence.
      Compact normal convergence formula_1 compact (uniform) absolute-convergence.
  -   Local uniform absolute-convergence formula_1 compact (uniform) absolute-convergence.
      Local normal convergence formula_1 compact normal convergence
  -   If "X" is locally compact:
      Local uniform absolute-convergence formula_11 compact (uniform) absolute-convergence.
      Local normal convergence formula_11 compact normal convergence

</doc>
<doc id="18805250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805250" title="Mannings">
Mannings

Mannings (for Mainland China 万宁, Hong Kong and Macau 萬寧) or Guardian (for Malaysia, Singapore and Vietnam) is a chain of personal health and beauty retailer offering comprehensive range of pharmacies, healthcare, personal care, skin care and baby care products. It is wholly owned by Dairy Farm International Holdings.

</doc>
<doc id="18805258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805258" title="Confessional (film)">
Confessional (film)

Confessional is an internationally awarded mockumentary indie film by Jerrold Tarog and Ruel Dahis Antipuesto. It won "Best Film" in the First Features Section of 10th Osian Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema in New Delhi, India.
Plot summary.
On a trip to Cebu to document the Sinulog Festival Ryan Pastor meets Lito Caliso, an erring politician, who confesses to Ryan's camera all the crimes he committed while in office.

</doc>
<doc id="18805277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805277" title="Allium denticulatum">
Allium denticulatum

Allium denticulatum is a species of wild onion known by the common name toothed wild onion. It is endemic to California, where it grows in the western Mojave Desert and adjacent Tehachapi Mountains and the southern Sierra Nevada.
This onion grows from a reddish brown spherical to oval-shaped bulb just over a centimeter long. It produces a stem up to 18 centimeters tall and a single cylindrical leaf up to twice as long as the stem. The inflorescence contains up to 30 flowers with deep pink to purplish tepals which are toothed at their tips.

</doc>
<doc id="18805290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805290" title="Alun Davies">
Alun Davies

Alun Davies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18805294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805294" title="Vasili Blokhin">
Vasili Blokhin

Vasili Mikhailovich Blokhin (January 7, 1895 – February 3, 1955) was a Soviet Major-General who served as the chief executioner of the Stalinist NKVD under the administrations of Genrikh Yagoda, Nikolai Yezhov and Lavrentiy Beria (after their respective falls from power, Yagoda and Yezhov were executed by Blokhin himself). Hand-picked for the position by Joseph Stalin in 1926, Blokhin led a company of executioners that performed and supervised numerous mass executions during Stalin's reign, mostly during the Great Purge and World War II. He is recorded as having executed tens of thousands of prisoners by his own hand, including his killing of about 7,000 Polish prisoners of war during the Katyn massacre in spring 1940, making him the most prolific official executioner in recorded world history. Forced into a retirement following the death of Stalin, Blokhin died in 1955, officially by suicide.
Early life and career.
Blokhin, born into a peasant family on January 7, 1895, served in the Tsarist army during World War I, and joined the Soviet state security agency Cheka in March 1921. Though records are scant, he was evidently noted for both his pugnaciousness and his mastery of what Joseph Stalin termed "chernaya rabota"—"black work": assassinations, torture, intimidation, and executions conducted clandestinely. Once he gained Stalin's attention, he was quickly promoted and within six years was appointed the head of the purposely created "Kommandatura" Branch of the Administrative Executive Department of the NKVD. This branch was a company-sized element created by Stalin specifically for "black work". Headquartered at the Lubyanka in Moscow, its members were all approved by Stalin and took their orders directly from his hand, a fact that ensured the unit's longevity despite three bloody purges of the NKVD.
As senior executioner, Blokhin's official title was that of commandant of the internal prison at the Lubyanka, which allowed him to perform his true job with a minimum of scrutiny and no official paperwork. Although most of the estimated 828,000 NKVD executions conducted in Stalin's lifetime were performed by local Chekists in concert with NKVD troikas, mass executions were overseen by specialist executioners from the "Kommandantura". In addition to overseeing the mass operations, Blokhin also personally pulled the trigger of the gun during all of the individual high-profile executions conducted in the Soviet Union during his tenure, including those of the Old Bolsheviks condemned at the Moscow Show Trials; Marshal of the Soviet Union Mikhail Tukhachevsky (condemned at a secret trial); and two of the three fallen NKVD Chiefs (Genrikh Yagoda in 1938 and Nikolai Yezhov in 1940) he had once served under. He was awarded the Badge of Honor for his service in 1937.
Role in the Katyn massacre.
Blokhin's most infamous act was the April 1940 execution by shooting of over 7,000 Polish prisoners interned in the Ostashkov prisoner of war camp—mostly military- and police officers who had been captured following the Soviet invasion of Poland in 1939—as part of the extended Katyn massacre. (The event's infamy also stems from the Stalin regime's orchestration of the murders and subsequent propaganda campaign in order to blame Nazi Germany for the massacres.) In 1990 as part of Glasnost, Gorbachev gave the Polish government the files on the massacres at Katyn, Starobelsk and Kalinin (now Tver), revealing Stalin's involvement. Based on the April 4 secret order from Stalin to NKVD Chief Lavrentiy Beria (as well as NKVD Order № 00485, which still applied), the executions were carried out over 28 consecutive nights at the specially-constructed basement execution chamber at the NKVD headquarters in Kalinin, and were assigned, by name, directly to Blokhin, making him the official executioner of the NKVD.
Blokhin initially decided on an ambitious quota of 300 executions per night; and engineered an efficient system in which the prisoners were individually led to a small antechamber—which had been painted red and was known as the "Leninist room"—for a brief and cursory positive identification, before being handcuffed and led into the execution room next door. The room was specially designed with padded walls for soundproofing, a sloping concrete floor with a drain and hose, and a log wall for the prisoners to stand against. Blokhin would stand waiting behind the door in his executioner garb: a leather butcher's apron, leather hat, and shoulder-length leather gloves. Then, without a hearing, the reading of a sentence or any other formalities, each prisoner was brought in and restrained by guards while Blokhin shot him once in the base of the skull with a German Walther Model 2 .25 ACP pistol. He had brought a briefcase full of his own Walther pistols, since he did not trust the reliability of the standard-issue Soviet TT-30 for the frequent, heavy use he intended. The use of a German pocket pistol, which was commonly carried by German police and intelligence agents, also provided plausible deniability of the executions if the bodies were discovered later.
An estimated 30 local NKVD agents, guards and drivers were pressed into service to escort prisoners to the basement, confirm identification, then remove the bodies and hose down the blood after each execution. Although some of the executions were carried out by Senior Lieutenant of State Security Andrei M. Rubanov, Blokhin was the primary executioner and, true to his reputation, liked to work continuously and rapidly without interruption. In keeping with NKVD policy and the overall "black" nature of the operation, the executions were conducted at night, starting at dark and continuing until just prior to dawn. The bodies were continuously loaded onto covered flat-bed trucks through a back door in the execution chamber and trucked, twice a night, to Mednoye, where Blokhin had arranged for a bulldozer and two NKVD drivers to dispose of bodies at an unfenced site. Each night, 24–25 trenches, measuring eight to ten meters (24.3 to 32.8 feet) total, were dug to hold the night's corpses, and each trench was covered up before dawn.
Blokhin and his team worked without pause for ten hours each night, with Blokhin executing an average of one prisoner every three minutes. At the end of the night, Blokhin provided vodka to all his men. On April 27, 1940, Blokhin secretly received the Order of the Red Banner and a modest monthly pay premium as a reward from Joseph Stalin for his "skill and organization in the effective carrying out of special tasks". His count of 7,000 shot in 28 days remains the most organized and protracted mass murder by a single individual on record; and saw him being named the Guinness World Record holder for 'Most Prolific Executioner' in 2010.
Retirement and death.
Blokhin was forcibly retired in 1953 following Stalin's death that March, although his "irreproachable service" was publicly noted by Lavrenty Beria at the time of his departure. After Beria's fall from power in June of the same year, Blokhin's rank was stripped from him in the de-Stalinization campaigns of Nikita Khrushchev. He reportedly sank into alcoholism, went insane, and died February 3, 1955, with the official cause of death listed as "suicide".

</doc>
<doc id="18805299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805299" title="Glarichelys">
Glarichelys

Glarichelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle which was originally considered to be from the middle Oligocene epoch but has more recently come to be considered from the Eocene epoch. It was first named by Zangerl in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="18805302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805302" title="Semimonthly">
Semimonthly


</doc>
<doc id="18805311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805311" title="Yitzchak Ginsburgh">
Yitzchak Ginsburgh

Yitzchak Ginsburg (born 14 November 1944) is an American-born Israeli rabbi. He is a follower of the Chabad Lubavich movement, and currently Rosh Yeshivah of the Od Yosef Chai Yeshivah in the settlement of Yitzhar in the West Bank, and the leader of the kabbalistic Gal Einai organization. He has published numerous books. 
Biography.
Ginsburgh was born in St. Louis, Missouri, in 1944. His father held a PhD in education and consulted for various Jewish organizations.
While living in Philadelphia, he met a descendant of the Nadvorna Chassidic dynasty and at the age of 14 became a baal teshuva. He attended the University of Chicago, majoring in mathematics and philosophy. He then completed a Masters in Mathematics at the Belfer Graduate School of Yeshiva University. At the age of 22, he decided to devote himself entirely to Torah study.
In 1965 he went to Israel and studied at the Yeshivah of Kamenitz in Jerusalem. He spent 1966 through 1967 at the Slonim shul in Tiberias. After the Six Day War, Ginsburgh went to Jerusalem and was one of the first to move into the old Jewish quarter. He started to study the Chabad school of "Chassidus" in depth. That year he visited the Lubavitcher Rebbe, Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, and remained in Crown Heights, Brooklyn for several months. When he returned to Israel he married and began to teach Talmud, Shulchan Aruch, and Chassidut to a group of students in Jerusalem.
In 1983 he was asked by the Chabad Rabbi and Jerusalem philanthropist Yosef Eliyahu Deutsch to serve as head of the Shuva Yisra'el Yeshivah on Yo'el Street. Rabbi Ginsburgh gave frequent classes on a wide variety of subjects, from the exoteric to the esoteric parts of the Torah. Many were taped and form a large part of the 15,000 lecture archive of his classes.
Until the retreat of the IDF from the Tomb of Joseph in Nablus during the Al-Aqsa Intifada (2001), Ginsburgh served as the Rosh Yeshivah of the Od Yosef Chai Yeshivah in Nablus and as the head of a Kollel in the ancient Shalom al Yisrael synagogue in Jericho. He has resumed his teaching at the Od Yosef Chai Yeshivah since its relocation to Yitzhar.
Ginsburgh lives with his family in Kfar Chabad, Israel and delivers classes throughout Israel, the United States and France. He devotes most of his time and resources to writing and publishing original works on Kabbalah and Chassidut that discuss a range of topics, from commentaries on the Chumash to the relationship between Torah and science. These books are published by Gal Einai, his organization, whose name is taken from Psalms 119:18.
He has published over 70 volumes of original work in Hebrew and another 13 in English.
His students include:
Religious and political views.
Ginsburgh advocates the reinstitution of Jewish monarchy in the Land of Israel. He opposes efforts to remove Jewish settlements from the West Bank and encourages his followers to attempt to dissuade soldiers and police officer from carrying out evacuations. He advocates "Hebrew labor" − the idea that Jews should only employ other Jews — and believes that Gentiles should not be allowed to live in the Land of Israel, unless they become the "righteous of the nations," accepting Jewish dominion.
Ginsburgh also supports the rebuilding of the Jewish temple, believing that this would facilitate spiritual elevation and hasten redemption. He favors the practice of Jewish prayer on the Temple Mount, the site of the Dome of the Rock and Al-Aqsa Mosque.
In his 2007 book "Kabbalah and Meditation for the Nations" Ginsburgh writes:
“Ours is the first generation in modern times to understand the truly universal human condition and to seek to bring all peoples of the earth together in peace and harmony. We are the first generation to truly understand that we are faced with the challenge of either inhabiting our planet harmoniously or not inhabiting it at all. Filling our future is the fundamentalism that threatens to pit one religion against another. But, our different relationships and understandings of G-d should not be the reason for conflict but the source of goodwill in building our relationships with one another and our ability to understand others”.
Controversy.
The Israeli newspaper Haaretz has called Ginsburg "a well known radical on his views on Israel Arab public," noting his "prosecution in the past for incitement to racism after having published a book insisting that there is no place for Arabs in the state of Israel."
During the trial of seven of his students for the murder of an Arab girl during a violent settler rampage through the Palestinian West Bank village of Kifl Haris, Ginsburg said that in religious law, given the inequality between Arab and Jewish blood, Arabs who kill Jews warrant punishment, but Jews who kill Arabs should be let off. The Ashkenazi chief rabbi Avraham Shapira condemned Ginzburg's views, the only one of the Israeli rabbinate to do so. He was cited as asserting at the time that: “Jewish blood is not the same as Arab blood. He who is not a Jew, and throws stones, or threatens Jews, comes under the (biblical injunction) 'you should kill him first.'”
In 1989, Ginsburg was quoted in the "New York Times" regarding his views on recent attacks against Palestinians and the rise of racism in Israel:
Rabbi Yitzhak Ginsburg had offered biblical justification for the view that the spilling of non-Jewish blood was a lesser offense than the spilling of Jewish blood. "Any trial based on the assumption that Jews and goyim are equal is a total travesty of justice", he said. 
In 1994, Ginsburgh received widespread criticism for his article "Baruch Hagever" in which he praised Baruch Goldstein who had massacred 29 Palestinian worshippers at the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron. Rabbi Ginsburgh wrote that it is possible to view Baruch Goldstein's act as following five Halachic principles, namely "sanctification of God's name", "saving life" (referring to testimonies that he had allegedly received regarding a planned Arab massacre of Jews), "revenge", "eradication of the seed of Amalek" and "war". Motti Inbari commented on this:
In his writings, Ginzburg gives prominence to Halachic and kabbalistic approaches that emphasize the distinction between Jew and non-Jew (Gentile), imposing a clear separation and hierarchy in this respect. He claims that while the Jews are the Chosen People and were created in God's image, the Gentiles do not have this status... Ginzburg stated that, on the theoretical level, if a Jew requires a liver transplant to survive, it would be permissible to seize a Gentile and take their liver forcefully. From this point only a small further step is required to actively encourage and support the killing of non-Jews, as Ginzburg did in the case of Goldstein.

</doc>
<doc id="18805313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805313" title="Kiska Harbor">
Kiska Harbor

Kiska Harbor is an inlet on the east coast of the island of Kiska in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska.
Kiska Harbor is bounded by North Head on the north and by South Head on the south. Little Kiska Island lies off the coast of Kiska Island immediately east of Kiska Harbor.
During their occupation of Kiska Island from June 1942 to July 1943 during World War II, the Japanese used Kiska Harbor as a naval base.

</doc>
<doc id="18805318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805318" title="Indubala Sukhadia">
Indubala Sukhadia

Indubala Sukhadia(1 July 1921 - 9 May 1999), wife of late Mohanlal Sukhadia, was a social and political leader of Rajasthan. She was elected as Member of Parliament from Udaipur constituency in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18805333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805333" title="Little Kiska Island">
Little Kiska Island

Little Kiska Island is an island off east coast of the island of Kiska in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska. It lies immediately east of Kiska Harbor.

</doc>
<doc id="18805342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805342" title="Atkinson Avenue Historic District">
Atkinson Avenue Historic District

Atkinson Avenue is an east/west street located in the geographic heart of the city of Detroit, Michigan.
Atkinson Avenue was named in honor of William Francis Atkinson. Held prisoner by the Confederacy, Atkinson courageously escaped and rose to the rank of captain before leaving the service in 1886. Captain Atkinson had a commendable war record. Long after the Civil War, he studied law and was admitted to the bar.
In its entirety, Atkinson Avenue begins at Woodward Avenue and travels westerly to Linwood Avenue, where Atkinson Avenue abruptly stops. Atkinson Avenue resumes at Savery Avenue and continues traveling westerly to its final terminus at McQuade Avenue, just west of Dexter Boulevard. For a time, during the 1890s, that portion of Atkinson Avenue situated between 12th Street and "Crawford" Street (later renamed "Hamilton"), actually constituted a part of the boundary of Detroit's city limits.
Atkinson Avenue consists of parts of six subdivisions, specifically Joy Farm, Lewis Park, Jackson Park, Voigt Park, Boston Boulevard, and Guerold’s Subdivision. The adjacent Boston-Edison Historic District is composed of the same subdivisions. The Atkinson Avenue Historic District, however, only includes those six blocks of Atkinson Avenue situated between the John C. Lodge Expressway and Linwood Avenue. The Atkinson Avenue Historic District, as it exists today, was established by action of the Detroit City Council in March 1984 (Journal City Council 262 66, passed March 7, 1984 and effective March 26, 1984). All remaining portions of Atkinson Avenue are not within the boundaries of any historic district.
Of those portions not already within the city limits, the remaining land in the vicinity was incorporated into the City of Detroit by 1915. The peak building time for the area was 1915 to 1925, which corresponded to the construction of Henry Ford Hospital—several blocks to the south—in 1915. The neighborhood became a middle-class area of very nice homes. Doctors, ministers, real estate agents, salesmen and a newspaper writer were among the community’s first residents. One of the thoroughfare's most well-known residents was the renowned baseball player Ty Cobb who resided in a brick dwelling at the intersection of Atkinson and Third (not within the boundaries of the historic district).
Each of the aforementioned subdivisions had similar building restrictions. Homes were to be built 30 feet from the front of the lot line and building materials were to be solid brick, stone, cement, stone veneer or stucco. Few dwellings were of wooden frame construction. All residences were to have full basements. Most houses are of the "basic box" or "four square" types with Mediterranean, Colonial or Tudor elements and are two stories tall with an attic. If a home had an ornamental fence, it was to be of no more than five feet in height.
Cost of construction was also specified to be between $3,000 to $4,000. The majority of homes were to be single-family residences. Unlike other neighborhoods within the city, Atkinson Avenue residents did not file deed restrictions prohibiting non-Caucasians from purchasing homes.

</doc>
<doc id="18805352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805352" title="Max Planck Institute for Foreign and International Social Law">
Max Planck Institute for Foreign and International Social Law

The Max Planck Institute for Foreign and International Social Law () is a research institute devoted to the field of foreign and international social law. It is one of the research institutes of the Max Planck Society. 
The Institute was founded in 1980. It evolved from a project group for international and comparative social law, launched by the Max Planck Society in 1976. Its founding director was Professor Hans F. Zacher.
During its early years, the Institute mainly focused on research on the methodology of comparing social laws. Several studies on the social law systems of other states laid the foundations for comparative social law as a subject of research. Current research focuses on social security law in terms of collectively organized social benefits and services provided by the civil polity (cash benefits, benefits in kind and personal services), on fundamental social rights, and on social constitutional law in selected countries. Comparative law research bears various links to other legal disciplines, most notably private law, commercial law, family law, labour law and fiscal law. The Institute also focuses on the field of intergovernmental and international social law, with the chief emphasis placed on bilateral and multilateral social security agreements, above all on developments in supranational European social law.

</doc>
<doc id="18805356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805356" title="Miocaretta">
Miocaretta

Miocaretta is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the Miocene era in what is now Sri Lanka. It was first named by Paul E. P. Deraniyagala in 1967. The type and only species is M. lankae.

</doc>
<doc id="18805385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805385" title="Ben Chapman (footballer)">
Ben Chapman (footballer)

Benjamin "Ben" Chapman (born 2 March 1979) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left back from 1997 to 2013.
He notably played in the Football League for Grimsby Town where he started his career, and then Boston United where he was club captain. He has since forged a career in Non-league playing for Alfreton Town, Northwich Victoria, Nuneaton Borough, King's Lynn, Eastwood Town, Harrogate Town, Frickley Athletic, Hall Road Rangers and Bottesford Town.
Career.
Grimsby Town.
Chapman came through the youth ranks with professional club Grimsby Town and signed professionally with The Mariners in 1997. He made his first team debut for the club in a 1-0 victory over local rivals Hull City in the Football League Trophy in January 1998. He would have to wait another 18 months before he was called up for action again, and made a run out against Watford . Ben was used as the club's reserve left back and was understudy to Tony Gallimore, Chapman only managed 2 appearances in both the 1999-2000 and 2000-2001 season and would have to wait until the 2001-2002 campaign before he started to have a regular run in first team affairs. Notably that season Chapman played for Grimsby on both Anfield and Highbury as Grimsby recorded a historic cup win over Liverpool before being knocked out by Arsenal. In the Liverpool game, a Grimsby corner resulted in Chapman volleying just close over the crossbar and was Grimsby's only clear cut chance in the first half of play. He would go on to never get on the score sheet for the club. While playing for Grimsby, Chapman was responsible for ending the career of Scunthorpe United midfielder Peter Morrison during a pre season friendly in 2001. The game was abandoned as a result of the injury, and eventually following court proceedings, Morrison was rewarded a £400,000 compensation pay out.
Boston United.
In July 2002 Grimsby captured Welsh International left back Darren Barnard on a free transfer thus resulting in Chapman's release from the club. He signed for Boston United and became the team's captain, and was able to give his new team mates a helping hand as The Pilgrims avoided relegation from the Third Division. Ben stayed with Boston until the end of the 2003-2004 season, and after that he was released.
Non League.
After spending a week training with his former club Grimsby and appearing in a pre-season friendly, Ben went on to sign for Non League side Alfreton Town for a season, before linking up Northwich Victoria the following season, in his only season with the Vics he helped the club gain promotion from the Conference North division. He then went on to join Nuneaton Borough for the 2006-2007 season. In the summer of 2007 Chapman joined King's Lynn.He stayed with The Linnets until March 2009, where he signed for Eastwood Town. Chapman was released two months later following the end of the season, and joined Harrogate Town in October 2009.
He went on to play for Frickley Athletic before moving to Hall Road Rangers as well as having two spells with Appleby Frodingham and later playing for Bottesford Town. Chapman remained without a club for the 2012–13 season but in May 2013 he went on trial with Scarborough Athletic.

</doc>
<doc id="18805390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805390" title="Dave Martin (sportscaster)">
Dave Martin (sportscaster)

Dave Martin is a former American sportscaster who spent seven seasons as a play-by-play announcer in Major League Baseball.
Career.
Martin called Chicago White Sox games on WFLD in 1968. He spent the next three seasons on WJW-TV calling Cleveland Indians games before being replaced by Rocky Colavito in 1972. Martin began the 1972 season without a broadcasting job; however, in June he replaced the ailing John MacLean on WHDH radio in Boston, calling Boston Red Sox games with Ned Martin (no relation). Martin also called the first season of New England Whalers hockey for WHDH. His final major announcing job was with the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1980. Martin also served as a play by play announcer for the NFL on NBC in 1970 and College Football on ABC in 1967. 

</doc>
<doc id="18805406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805406" title="Banana Wind">
Banana Wind

Banana Wind is the 21st studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett. Released in June 1996, one year after "Barometer Soup", released in August 1995.
Songs.
"Jamaica Mistaica" is about an incident in Jamaica on January 16, 1996 in which local authorities mistook Jimmy's seaplane, the Hemisphere Dancer, for a smuggling operation. The plane was shot at while carrying Buffett, U2's Bono, and Island Records producer Chris Blackwell. No one was injured, though there were several bullet holes in the plane. "Desdemona's Building a Rocketship" concerns the character Desdemona from Buffett's 1992 novel Where Is Joe Merchant? The song "False Echoes" (Havana 1921) references the ship captained by Jimmy's grandfather, the five masted barkentine, Chickamauga, named after the civil war vessel the CSS Chickamauga.
Track listing.
All songs by Jimmy Buffett, Russ Kunkel, Roger Guth, Peter Mayer and Jim Mayer, except where noted.
Personnel.
The Coral Reefer Band:

</doc>
<doc id="18805409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805409" title="Neutral point of view">
Neutral point of view

Neutral point of view may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18805415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805415" title="Igor Mirnov">
Igor Mirnov

Igor Sergeyevich Mirnov (b: September 19, 1984) is a Russian professional ice hockey player with HC Sibir Novosibirsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Playing career.
Born in Moscow, Mirnov developed in the HC Dynamo Moscow hockey system. The young prospect rose up through Dynamo ranks with NHL star Alexander Ovechkin and became the club’s leader after Ovechkin’s departure for the NHL. Mirnov was drafted by the Ottawa Senators during the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. Since the draft he established himself as a Super League elite scorer with HC Dynamo, even becoming the club’s captain for the beginning of the 2007-08 season. Though last season he struggled with the club and was transferred to HC Metallurg (Magnitogorsk), where he once again found his scoring touch.

</doc>
<doc id="18805425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805425" title="Khatuna Lorig">
Khatuna Lorig

Khatuna Lorig (born January 1, 1974 in Tbilisi as Khatuna Kvrivichvili, ) is an American archer of Georgian origin.
She has used at least 3 different names while competing in and representing various different countries.
Competition History.
Lorig earned individual bronze and team gold medals at the 1990 European Championships in Barcelona competing for the Soviet Union. She also earned individual and team gold medals at the 1992 European Championships in Malta.
Lorig earned a bronze medal in women's team competing for the Unified Team at the 1992 Olympics. Lorig went on to compete for Georgia at the 1996 Olympics, and the 2000 Olympics as Khatuna Lorigi. Lorig became a naturalized U.S. citizen and qualified to compete in the women's individual archery event at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing. There Lorig finished her ranking round with a total of 635 points. This gave her the 26th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Virginie Arnold in the first round, beating the archer from France with 107-105. In the second round she was too strong for Alison Williamson with 112-109 and via Ana Rendón (107-95) she achieved her place in the quarter final. There she was unable to beat eventual bronze medalist Yun Ok-Hee who won the match with 111-105.
She taught actress Jennifer Lawrence how to shoot with a recurve bow for the 2012 film "The Hunger Games".

</doc>
<doc id="18805500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805500" title="Python for S60">
Python for S60

The Python for S60 also called PyS60 (Unix name), is Nokia’s port of the general Python programming language to its S60 software platform, originally based on Python 2.2.2 from 2002.
The latest final version, PyS60-2.0.0, released on 11 February 2010 updates the python core to version 2.5.4.
Release history.
First released in 2005, it featured a relatively small set of modules and functions. Version 1.2, the last non-opensource release and the second version of PyS60, brought many improvements and was made available on 21 October 2005 on Forum Nokia.
After becoming open source, PyS60 had the advantage of a strong and dedicated community that could actively contribute to improving it. The milestone release was Version 1.3.11.
The final version to support S60 2nd Edition platform, 1.4.5, was released on 3 December 2008.
On 24 December 2008, a developer version, 1.9.0, was released. It featured several improvements, the main of which was a new core based on Python 2.5.1.
The latest final version, 2.0.0, was released on 11 February 2010. Its core is based on Python 2.5.4.

</doc>
<doc id="18805558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805558" title="Broadmeadow Aerodrome">
Broadmeadow Aerodrome

Broadmeadow Aerodrome was an aerodrome located at District Park, Broadmeadow, Newcastle, Australia. It began operating in 1929 and closed in 1963.
The Newcastle Aero Club selected a site after careful consideration and began preparations and cleared the land at District Park in 1928, to create a grassed runway. The first aircraft to land at the aerodrome was an Avro 504K, registered as VH-UBC, on 4 September 1929, which had "Newcastle's Own" painted on one side of the tail rudder and "Spirit of Newcastle" painted on the other side.
The first Tiger Moth in Australia delivered on 2 June 1935, registered as VH-UTD and named "Halycon", was kept at the aerodrome by the Newcastle Aero Club.
Early pioneering aviators Charles Kingsford Smith, Jean Batten and Bert Hinkler visited the aerodrome during their flights up and down the east coast of Australia.
During World War II, the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) utilised the aerodrome as a satellite aerodrome to RAAF Williamtown. The Newcastle Aero Club workshops overhauled RAAF trainers and manufactured wooden wing-tips for the Mosquito fighter bomber. The aerodrome was utilised by PBY Catalina, Supermarine Walrus and Dakotas.
After the war ended the Newcastle Aero Club purchased a Bellman Hangar from the RAAF and erected it on-site next to its main hangar. In 1953, the Newcastle Aero Club became the Royal Newcastle Aero Club, with permission granted by Queen Elizabeth II. During the 1950s the Club was given notice by the Department of Civil Aviation to relocate from the field at Broadmeadow because the area had become built out and high television antennas on the perimeter of the field interfered with landing approaches. In 1963, the Club transferred its operations from Broadmeadow to its present airport at Rutherford, Maitland.

</doc>
<doc id="18805584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805584" title="Dickerson Whitewater Course">
Dickerson Whitewater Course

The facility is owned by the NRG Energy company. Except during special events, access requires membership in the Potomac Whitewater Racing Center, a USA Canoe/Kayak National Training Center.
The course was constructed in 1991, inside a pre-existing straight, -long concrete channel, wide. Since 1959, the channel has returned cooling water from the Dickerson Generating Station to the Potomac River, upstream from Washington, D.C. Water is pumped from the river, warmed as much as 35 °F (20 °C) as it cools the power plant's three coal-fired generators, and then emptied into the channel for gravity flow back to the river. (The plant has three other generators which use a different cooling system.)
Streamflow through the course is to , depending on the operation of the plant's three coal-fired generators and their six cooling water pumps. In the summer months, when water temperature in the channel exceeds , the course is closed for health reasons. It is also closed when the Potomac River rises above on the Little Falls gage , flooding the lower section of the course.
History.
In the 1960s, local canoe and kayak paddlers began conducting winter practice in the heated Potomac River water immediately below the discharge channel. Nearly three decades went by before paddler Scott Wilkinson got the idea of moving the practice up into the concrete-lined channel itself. In 1991, he sold his idea to two of the power plant managers, and, in support of the 1992 Olympics team, the Potomac Electric Power Company, Pepco, which owned the plant at the time, approved the insertion of approximately 75 artificial concrete boulders and two wing dams into the channel.
Wilkinson's fellow paddler John Anderson, an architect, built a 1:12 scale model with flow-diversion features similar to those in the Segre Olympic Park artificial course in La Seu d'Urgell, Spain, built for the 1992 games. The model was tested at the Navy's David Taylor Model Basin.
Local construction companies donated time and equipment, and the course was opened in December 1991. The first race was held in June 1992. Athletes who trained at the Dickerson course won bronze and gold medals in the 1992 Olympics, and others have continued to win Olympic medals and world championships in subsequent years.
The course was redesigned in the fall of 2002, once again by John Anderson. A new scale model was built, this one outdoors and onsite. After testing his new arrangement of flow-diversion features on the model, he specified new locations for some of the artificial boulders. The wing dam on the left side was moved downstream into section four. A crane was deployed for the moving job.
In October 2003 a persistent problem at the end of the course was fixed. Whenever the Potomac River level is below on the Little Falls gage , there is a sheer drop between the end of the concrete channel and the river. In certain conditions of high course flow and low river level, a stream-wide retentive hydraulic, or "sticky hole," posed a hazard to paddlers who failed to correctly "boof stroke" across the drop. It was a worse problem for paddlers who had made a wet exit from an upside-down boat and were swimming the course.
This feature was modified by adding a concrete slab under the drop and two trapezoid-shaped diverters on the sides. The hydraulic was converted into a central tongue of water ending in a wave train, with an eddy on each side.
Present course design.
The course has four sections, connected in a straight line, end-to-end, with a drop at the end of each section. A final section ends in the river, with or without a drop, depending on the river level. Overall slope adds another seven feet of drop, for a total course drop of 15 feet (4.6 m), plus zero to four feet (0 to 1.2 meters) into the river at the end. The following map shows the arrangement of the visible and submerged features.
To use the course without a certified instructor present, a paddler must pass a "blue card" test: namely, pause in each of the numbered eddies, in sequence, and roll in the current, not in an eddy, between eddies 1 and 5 at the top, and again between eddies 2 and 5 at the bottom. During the blue card test, the course must be running near full flow, , and the river must be low enough that there is a significant drop from the bottom of the course into the river.
Unique features of the course.
Because the water channel was designed for an industrial, rather than a recreational, function, there are no wide pools to serve as resting spots, and there is no easy way off the water, short of the end. The water is deceptively fast, and all but two of the eddies have swirling water with an upstream component. From the river, paddlers must carry their boats the length of the course to re-enter and make another run.
There are two other artificial whitewater courses in the mid-Atlantic region: in Charlotte, NC, and McHenry, MD. The Charlotte course, U.S. National Whitewater Center, USNWC, opened in 2006, and the McHenry course, Adventure Sports Center International, ASCI, opened in 2007. They do not have heated water. They both feature circular water channels with conveyor belt lifts from the course end to the beginning, plus bigger drops, wider eddies, mid-course pools, and guided raft trips for tourists. Dickerson is for decked, hard-shell boats only. All three facilities are used for canoe and kayak training and as venues for competitions.
Gallery.
Washington Post full-page graphic

</doc>
<doc id="18805587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805587" title="Walenty Kłyszejko">
Walenty Kłyszejko

Walenty Kłyszejko (Estonian: "Valentin Klõšeiko", Russian: "Валентин Клышейко") (2 December 1909 in Saint Petersburg, Russia – 20 August 1987 in Warsawa) was an Estonian–Polish basketball player and later a coach, as well as a professor at the Józef Piłsudski University of Physical Education in Warsaw. 
Klyszejko was born in Sankt Petersburg. Some time in the 1910s, he moved with family to Tallinn, where began playing basketball at the local YMCA team as well as for the national basketball team of Estonia, for which he capped five times. In the 1933, he came to Poland to study at The Academy of Physical Education in Warsaw and became a coach of Polonia Warszawa. In 1936 he became coach of the national basketball team of Poland, which at the 1936 Summer Olympics was placed on the fourth spot, the best in the history of Polish basketball. In 1939, during the European Championships, Poland under Klyszejko won bronze. 
Klyszejko fought in the Polish September Campaign, after which he managed to get to Great Britain, where he remained a soldier of the Polish Army. After the war, he returned to Poland, coaching the team of AZS-AWF Warszawa, writing books about sports and lecturing.

</doc>
<doc id="18805625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805625" title="Dmitri Kosmachev">
Dmitri Kosmachev

Dmitri Kosmachev was raised in the HC CSKA Moscow ice hockey system and made his Super League debut at just the age of 17. The young defense man was drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets in the third round of the 2003 National Hockey League Entry Draft with the 71st overall selection. He has since then played for HC CSKA and HC Khimik (Mytische) in the Super League.
International play.
Played for Russia in:

</doc>
<doc id="18805727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805727" title="Colin Russell (swimmer)">
Colin Russell (swimmer)

Colin Russell (born July 2, 1984 in Oshawa, Ontario) is a Canadian swimmer. He is a freestyle specialist, and won a silver medal in the 4x200m freestyle relay at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in 200m Freestyle, 4x100m Freestyle Relay (finishing sixth) and 4x200m Freestyle Relay. Colin is a current MSc student in Kinesiology at Brock University.

</doc>
<doc id="18805745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805745" title="Colin Russell">
Colin Russell

Colin Russell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18805791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805791" title="Glee club (disambiguation)">
Glee club (disambiguation)

A glee club is a choir which specializes in singing short songs.
Glee Club may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18805811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805811" title="Fouling mitigation">
Fouling mitigation

Fouling Mitigation describes the ways to eliminate fouling that reduces the efficiency of cooling towers, heat exchangers, pipelines and control equipment.
Several means and methods have been developed to remove the dirt and sediments that cause fouling. They are either offline methods that rely on a periodical cleaning, or online devices that operate continuously.
Concept.
The accumulation of sediment and deposits on heat transfer surfaces in cooling towers, heat exchangers, pipelines and control equipment decreases performance and productivity, and in advanced cases causes equipment damage. This phenomenon is known as fouling and is an unavoidable part of many industrial processes. Fouling mitigation seeks to correct or prevent these problems.
Industry challenges.
Fouling slows down industrial production and results in higher operating and maintenance costs due to restricted fluid flow, increased tube pressure, loss of throughput, unnecessary energy consumption. In advanced cases, it may be necessary to replace equipment.
Aqueous fouling.
Water is the most readily available and effective cooling medium. The main sources of fouling in water cycles are sediments (scale, silt, algae) and sludge (corrosion and bacterial activity). 
Fouling on the water side of heat exchangers typically necessitates offline cleaning every several months. Though generally not requiring a shutdown of the entire production line, this still requires a substantial maintenance effort and cost burden.
Nonaqueous fouling.
One example is the Crude Preheat Train in crude oil distillation, which accounts for a large percentage of the energy used in oil refining. In the USA alone, fouling in the preheat trains alone is estimated to cost around $1.2 billion per annum. 
With Phosphoric Acid (P2O5), there is an enormous fouling problem in the evaporators, requiring shutdown every 2 weeks. Typically, a single day of shutdown in a large phosphoric acid plant causes a loss of nearly 1000 metric tons of produced P2O5 solution. 
In a typical Bauxite Refinery (Alumina Production) in the US, Australia, Jamaica, Morocco, Brazil, and South Africa, aluminosilicate scaling requires shutdown of 10 heat exchangers (1000 tubes, 7 meters length each) every 200 to 500 operating hours for chemical cleaning. To avoid a production halt, two redundant series of 10 heat exchangers each (total of 20) must be used during maintenance periods.
Methods.
There are currently two forms of fouling mitigation: offline, which requires the complete shutdown of key processes for cleaning; and online, which cleans the tubes while the equipment is running.
"Offline techniques" clean heat exchangers by mechanical and/or chemical means while the system is down, which results in lost production time. They are labor-intensive and expensive; as much as 8% of the maintenance costs in a typical industrial plant are due to fouling mitigation in heat exchangers. When offline mitigation requires the use of aggressive chemicals, the company is saddled with additional operating costs, and new problems relating to the increased safety hazards for company personnel and disposal of toxic waste. Moreover, the fouling process starts again immediately after cleaning, and the gradual accumulation of deposits reduces performance until the next cleaning treatment is initiated. 
These drawbacks make heat exchanger operation with regular offline cleaning expensive, cumbersome and inefficient for the entire industrial process. 
"The online method" is an ongoing process which uses mechanical means to keep the heat exchanger clean while it operates. Some cleaning systems also use chemicals (which must be carefully adapted to each process), but online mechanical-only cleaning is both environmentally responsible and highly cost-effective.
Online mechanical cleaning boosts performance in two ways: it does not require system shutdown with temporary loss of operation; and it keeps performance optimal and energy-efficient through continuous cleaning, which does not allow any fouling to occur. In addition, online mechanical cleaning does not only eliminate staff time for cleaning services, but also purchase of chemicals and waste disposal. 
In terms of efficiency, savings and environmental safety, online mechanical heat exchanger cleaning is the smartest option available. But conventional online cleaning has several remaining disadvantages that reduce its reliability:
Inconsistent tube cleaning
- Complex installation requiring modification of heat exchanger inlet nozzle
- Short ball service life (average 1 month), necessitating constant electronic monitoring and replacement
- Pump friction on balls further reduces ball life
- Ball material cannot endure high temperatures or harsh chemicals
- Complex trapping unit structure needed, with an integrated backwash mechanism to release clogging.
The conventional approach to fouling control combines the “blind” application of biocides and anti-scale chemicals with periodic lab testing. This often results in the excessive use of chemicals with the inherent side effects of accelerating system corrosion and increasing toxic waste- not to mention the incremental cost of unnecessary treatments.
There are however solutions for continuous fouling monitoring In liquid environments, such as the Neosens FS sensor, measuring both fouling thickness and temperature, allowing to optimize the use of chemicals and control the efficiency of cleanings.

</doc>
<doc id="18805813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805813" title="Adolphe Stoclet">
Adolphe Stoclet

Adolphe Stoclet (1871 - 1949) was a Belgian engineer and financier. Today, however, he is most famous as the man who commissioned the Palais Stoclet, a mansion in Brussels, Belgium, between 1907 and 1911.
Life.
Stoclet was born into a family of Belgian bankers. His wife, Suzanne, was a niece of the painter Alfred Stevens, and daughter of the art historian Alfred Stevens. They had one daughter, Annie, in 1908. Stoclet was described by contemporaries as charming, but somewhat pompous, and had a large beard said to resemble that of the Assyrian king Ashurbanipal.
Stoclet became a civil engineer for railroads. The death of his father forced Stoclet to take over the direction of the Société Générale de Belgique, which for many years was one of the largest companies in Belgium and owned about forty different enterprises, including banks, weapons production, mines in the Belgian Congo, and others. Banque d'Outremer, an affiliate company to the Société Générale de Banque had its office, rue de Brederode built in 1910 by architect Josef Hoffmann.
While in Vienna to oversee the construction of a railroad, Stoclet met one of the masters of the Vienna Sezession (and later, the Wiener Werkstätte), the architect Josef Hoffmann. Stoclet shared Hoffmann's avant-garde artistic inclinations, and commissioned the latter to build him his own villa. While Stoclet initially considered building the house in Vienna, eventually he settled on a site in Brussels. The architect received not only artistic license for the design, but also an unlimited budget. Hoffmann left much of the interior decoration for the Palais Stoclet to the painter Gustav Klimt and the artist Fernand Khnopff. Madame Stoclet apparently coordinated the colors of the flowers in the vases with the ties Stoclet wore.
The Palais Stoclet is situated at 279-81 avenue de Tervuren in Brussels. Stoclet resided there until his death in 1949, leaving it to his heirs, who currently occupy the property.

</doc>
<doc id="18805818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805818" title="Suciu de Sus">
Suciu de Sus

Suciu de Sus () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Larga ("Tágfalva"), Suciu de Jos ("Alsószőcs") and Suciu de Sus.
In 2002, the commune had 6,222 residents. They were 96.1% Romanians, 2.3% Hungarians and 1.6% Roma. 91.9% were Romanian Orthodox, 3.3% Greek-Catholic, 2.6% Roman Catholic and 2% Pentecostal.

</doc>
<doc id="18805819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805819" title="Vadu Izei">
Vadu Izei

Vadu Izei () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Vadu Izei and Valea Stejarului ("Disznópataka").

</doc>
<doc id="18805820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805820" title="Valea Chioarului">
Valea Chioarului

Valea Chioarului is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Curtuiuşu Mare, Duruşa, Fericea, Mesteacăn, Valea Chioarului and Vărai.

</doc>
<doc id="18805821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805821" title="Nuestra Belleza México 2006">
Nuestra Belleza México 2006

The 13th Nuestra Belleza México pageant, was held at the Espacio Cultural Metropolitano of Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico on September 2, 2006. Thirty contestants competed for the national title, which was won by Rosa Maria Ojeda from Sinaloa, who later competed in Miss Universe 2007 where she was a finalist in the Top 10. Ojeda was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza México titleholder Priscila Perales. She was the second Sinaloense to win this Title.
The Nuestra Belleza Mundo México title was won by Carolina Morán from Colima, who later competed in Miss World 2007 where she was the 2nd Runner-up. Morán was crowned by Nuestra Belleza Mundo México 2004 Dafne Molina. She is the only Colimense and fourth winner of foreign descent (her grandfather is Chinese) to win this Title.
The Recognition "Corona al Mérito 2006" was for Dafne Molina, Nuestra Belleza Mundo México 2004, 1st Runner-up in Miss World 2005 and International Model.

</doc>
<doc id="18805826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805826" title="Boiu Mare">
Boiu Mare

Boiu Mare () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Boiu Mare, Frâncenii Boiului, Prislop and Româneşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18805827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805827" title="Coroieni">
Coroieni

Coroieni is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Baba, Coroieni, Dealu Mare, Drăghia and Vălenii Lăpuşului.

</doc>
<doc id="18805828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805828" title="Poienile Izei">
Poienile Izei

Poienile Izei () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. The commune is composed of a single village, Poienile Izei, which was part of Botiza Commune until being split off in 1995.
At the 2002 census, 99.9% of inhabitants were Romanians and 0.1% Ukrainians. 100% were Romanian Orthodox.
The commune's church of Pious Parscheva was built in 1604 and is one of eight Wooden Churches of Maramureş that are listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site.[http://whc.unesco.org/en/list/904]

</doc>
<doc id="18805829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805829" title="Ruscova">
Ruscova

Ruscova (; ) is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Ruscova.

</doc>
<doc id="18805830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805830" title="Rozavlea">
Rozavlea

Rozavlea is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Rozalvea and Sâlţa (established in 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="18805832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805832" title="Rona de Sus">
Rona de Sus

Rona de Sus (; ; ) is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages: Coștiui ("Rónaszék"; "Rohnen"; Коштіль) and Rona de Sus.The first documentary attestation is 14 mai 1360 in a document emitted by king Louis the Great of Hungary.
At the 2011 census, 86.4% of inhabitants were Ukrainians, 8.5% Hungarians and 5% Romanians. At the 2002 census, 72.9% were Ukrainian Orthodox, 10.8% stated they belonged to another religion, 8.6% were Roman Catholic and 4.8% Greek-Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="18805833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805833" title="Rona de Jos">
Rona de Jos

Rona de Jos is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Rona de Jos.

</doc>
<doc id="18805834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805834" title="Repedea">
Repedea

Repedea (; ) is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Repedea.
At the 2011 census, 96.7% of inhabitants were Ukrainians, 2.2% Romanians and 0.3% Roma. At the 2002 census, 63.6% were Ukrainian Orthodox, 31.3% Pentecostal, 3.3% Seventh-day Adventist and 0.9% Reformed.

</doc>
<doc id="18805841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805841" title="George Hotel">
George Hotel

George Hotel may refer to:
Royal George Hotel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18805845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805845" title="Derlis Cardozo">
Derlis Cardozo

Derlis Aníbal Cardozo (born 16 June 1981 in Pedro Juan Caballero) is a Paraguayan football defender.
Career.
On 23 January 2009 Olimpia de Asunçion 27 year old wingback, will play on loan for one year for Argentinos Juniors.
Cardozo started his career in Cerro Porteño PF of Presidente Franco before playing for other Paraguayan clubs such as Sportivo Luqueño, 2 de Mayo, Libertad and Olimpia.

</doc>
<doc id="18805866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805866" title="Newark Arts High School">
Newark Arts High School

Newark Arts High School is a four-year magnet public high school, serving students in grades 9 through 12 in Newark, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Newark Public Schools. In 2010, the 6th graders of William Brown Academy is housed there as its venue is currently being built. The school is located in the University Heights area of Newark.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 540 students and 45.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.87:1. There were 345 students (63.9% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 62 (11.5% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 240th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 205th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 154th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 186th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
History.
Arts High School opened its doors to students in September 1931 as the first public high school in the United States specializing in the visual and performing arts. 
By the mid-1970s, Arts High School faced challenges from budget cuts affecting public schools in general, and those of the older cities in particular. The school also faced competition from other districts, such as the Montclair Public Schools in the suburban portion of Essex County, that was starting a high school magnet arts programs of its own.
In 1983, Newark voters approved by referendum a $62.6 million bond package, which included $8 million to be used for a renovation and expansion project at Arts High School. After an 18-month long renovation project, the school reopened in January 1996, with the addition of drama and science laboratories, and a preserved Art Deco-style auditorium.
During 2006-2007,Arts High School celebrated its 75th Anniversary in year-long events. The celebrations began in October, 2006 with a 75th Anniversary Gala and Alumni Day. In December, 2006, sponsored by the Arts High Consortium (www.artshighconsortium) at the Newark Museum, the first Arts High Hall of Fame was established by President of Arts High Consortium Volora Howell and Willie Cole; notable inductees include Fashion Designer, Steven Burrows; Dancer/Choreographer, Savion Glover; and Singer/Actress Melba Moore. The finale, featuring "Savion Glover and Friends" celebrating National Tap Dance Day was held on Friday, May 25, 2007 in the school's auditorium. Mr. Glover, the choreographer for "Happy Feet", as a special treat, performed with some of Arts' students as they accompanied him on drums. Other activities included an art exhibit, fashion show, and student essay contest-"Arts High School is 75 years old! How have your experiences at Arts High School enriched your life both personally and socially?"
Until 1997, the Arts High School also housed the Newark School of Fine and Industrial Arts, a postsecondary vocational school that focused on arts education.
Athletics.
The Arts High School Jaguars compete in the Super Essex Conference, which includes public and private high schools in Essex County, following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association.
Sports Offered:
Soccer,
Volleyball,
Cross Country,
Basketball,
Indoor Track,
Bowling,
Softball,
Baseball,
Outdoor Track.
Administration.
Core members of the school's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="18805869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805869" title="Microjoule">
Microjoule

Microjoule can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18805881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805881" title="East Grand Blues">
East Grand Blues

East Grand Blues (also released as Pattern Skies) is an EP by The Greenhornes.

</doc>
<doc id="18805886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805886" title="Art Gleeson">
Art Gleeson

Art Gleeson (Born 1906, Died November 27, 1964 in Gold Beach, Oregon) was an American baseball announcer.
Gleeson got his start calling games for teams in the California League games during the late 1930s and early 1940s. Gleeson would join the Navy during World War II and worked for the Armed Forces Network after being discharged from submarine service., From 1946-1949 he was play by play announcer for the Oakland Oaks of the Pacific Coast League. In 1950, he joined Mutual Broadcasting System, where he called New York Yankees games with Mel Allen from 1951–1952 and the "Mutual Game of the Day" from 1953-1959. From 1956-1960 Gleeson was the sports director of MBS. Gleeson joined the Boston Red Sox broadcast team in 1960, calling games with Curt Gowdy, Bill Crowley (1960), & Ned Martin (1961–1964) for five seasons. Gleeson died after the 1964 season and was replaced by Mel Parnell in the Red Sox booth.

</doc>
<doc id="18805898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805898" title="ISTAF">
ISTAF

ISTAF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18805899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805899" title="Adam Sioui">
Adam Sioui

Adam Carter Sioui (born 10 May 1982) is a former competition swimmer who represented Canada in international events. He was a butterfly and freestyle specialist and was the Canadian national record-holder in the 200-metre butterfly.
Early years.
Sioui was born in Trenton, Ontario, Canada.
U.S. college career.
Sioui attended the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he swam for coach Gregg Troy's Florida Gators swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 2002 to 2005. During his four-year college career, he received nineteen All-American honors and was the NCAA national champion in the 200-metre freestyle in 2002.
International career.
At 2007 Canadian National Championships, he won gold in the 100-metre freestyle, 100-metre butterfly and 200-metre butterfly. He competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in 100-metre and 200-metre butterfly and his Canadian team finished fifth in the 4x200-metre freestyle relay.

</doc>
<doc id="18805907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805907" title="Ariniș">
Ariniș

Ariniş () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Ariniş, Rodina ("Rogyina") and Tămăşeşti ("Szilágyegerbegy").

</doc>
<doc id="18805915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805915" title="Kildonan North Stars">
Kildonan North Stars

The Kildonan North Stars were a Canadian Junior ice hockey Team in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League from Winnipeg, Manitoba.
History.
During the summer of 1967, community-minded sports group purchased the Winnipeg Warriors from Ben Hatskin, renaming them the West Kildonan North Stars. The team was located in Northwest Winnipeg.
In 1967-68 Centre Wayne Chernecki led the MJHL in both points and goals, and was also voted Rookie of the Year, and earned First Team All-Star honors.
For the 1976-77 season the Team’s name was shorted to the Kildonan North Stars.
In 1978, the Kildonan North Stars captured the Turnbull Cup as Manitoba Junior "A" Hockey Champions.
During the 1986-87 season, the North Stars became infamous for a completely winless 48-game season. During the stretch from the beginning of the 1985-86 season to the end of the 1986-87 season, the North Stars had 6 wins, 90 losses, and no ties. Three years later the team was dissolved despite two consecutive winning seasons.
Season-by-Season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"

</doc>
<doc id="18805916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805916" title="Juan Krone">
Juan Krone

Juan Rodolfo Krone (born 18 March 1987) is a football defender from Paraguay.
Krone started his career in the youth divisions of Olimpia and made his professional debut in 2005. After alternating between the reserves squad and the first team Krone finally settled in the 2008 season under coach Gustavo Costas.

</doc>
<doc id="18805917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805917" title="Cernești">
Cernești

Cerneşti is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania: It is composed of seven villages: Brebeni, Cerneşti, Ciocotiş, Fânaţe, Izvoarele, Măgureni and Trestia.

</doc>
<doc id="18805923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805923" title="Cicârlău">
Cicârlău

Cicârlău () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bârgău ("Kissikárló"), Cicârlău, Handalu Ilbei ("Ilobabánya") and Ilba ("Iloba").

</doc>
<doc id="18805929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805929" title="Coaș">
Coaș

Coaş () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Coaş and Întrerâuri ("Láposköz"). These were part of Săcălășeni Commune from 1968 to 2004, when they were split off to recreate a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18805937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805937" title="Remetea Chioarului">
Remetea Chioarului

Remetea Chioarului () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Berchez ("Magyarberkesz"), Berchezoaia ("Berkeszpataka"), Posta ("Pusztafentős"), Remecioara ("Kisremete") and Remetea Chioarului.

</doc>
<doc id="18805942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805942" title="Coltău">
Coltău

Coltău () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Cătălina ("Koltókatalin") and Coltău. Formerly independent, the villages were part of Săcălășeni Commune from 1968 to 2004, when they were split off to form a separate commune.
At the 2011 census, 57.1% of inhabitants were Hungarians, 37.8% Roma and 5% Romanians.

</doc>
<doc id="18805955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805955" title="Copalnic-Mănăștur">
Copalnic-Mănăștur

Copalnic-Mănăştur () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of twelve villages: Berinţa ("Kővárberence"), Cărpiniş ("Kővárgyertyános"), Copalnic ("Szurdukkápolnok"), Copalnic-Deal ("Kápolnokdomb"), Copalnic-Mănăştur, Curtuiuşu Mic ("Kiskörtvélyes"), Făureşti ("Kováskápolnok"), Lăschia ("Lacház"), Preluca Nouă ("Újharagos"), Preluca Veche ("Haragos"), Ruşor ("Rózsapatak") and Vad ("Révkápolnok").

</doc>
<doc id="18805961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805961" title="Cupșeni">
Cupșeni

Cupşeni is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Costeni, Cupşeni, Libotin and Ungureni.

</doc>
<doc id="18805965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805965" title="Desești">
Desești

Desești is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Desești, Hărnicești and Mara.
The commune's Church of Pious Parascheva was built in 1770 and is one of eight Wooden Churches of Maramureş that are listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site.[http://www.cimec.ro/Monumente/unesco/UNESCOen/indexMaram.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18805975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805975" title="Torsten Oehrl">
Torsten Oehrl

Torsten Oehrl (born 7 January 1986 in Lichtenfels, Bavaria) is a German footballer who currently plays for Eintracht Braunschweig.

</doc>
<doc id="18805982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805982" title="Roger Took">
Roger Took

Roger F. Took was an art historian, museum curator, author and convicted child sex offender who lived in London, Ireland, and Russia. In the course of his career, he ran several museums in England, was a fellow of the Royal Geographic Society, and a former director of the Barbican Art Gallery. He attended Haileybury College, Sandhurst and the Courtauld Institute. He married in 1983 and in 1985 founded Artangel, an institution within the field of contemporary art. In December 2003, "Running with Reindeer: Encounters in Russian Lapland", Roger Took's detailed description of life on Russia's Lapland and Kola Peninsula, was published in hardback. This book was shortlisted for the Thomas Cook Travel Book Award. Took was most recently acclaimed as an expert on the mediaeval Russian fur trade.
In April 2007, Took was arrested for paedophilia-related crimes, and in February 2008 was jailed for a minimum of four and a half years as part of an indeterminate sentence for 17 crimes relating to child abuse.
Career.
Artangel.
In 1985, Roger Took founded Artangel, a London-based arts organisation that commissions work ranging from sculpture to film from international artists. It was taken over by James Lingwood and Michael Morris in 1991.
"Running with Reindeer: Encounters in Russian Lapland".
Following his departure from Artangel in 1992, Took began his trips to Kola Peninsula in Russian Lapland because there was little known about the area. He prepared by taking a crash course in Russian and getting some arms training. He studied maps and the history of the area, people and Soviet occupation. Over the years he became fluent in Russian and began to use a Cyrillic keyboard.
In December 2003, "Running with Reindeer: Encounters in Russian Lapland" was published in hardback. Written in a travelogue style, Took begins the book detailing the events of his first trip to Murmansk (often referred to as Russia's Lapland) as the first traveler to the area in 70 years, and later details of the interior of the region. He explains the desolation of post-Soviet north villages and the details of everyday life there of both the indigenous and non-indigenous settlers, expressing a "combination of respect and shock at their dismal lifestyle." Breaking the law, Took ventured into restricted areas, often getting caught, in order to give the reader an understanding of this vanishing native culture, its endangered ecosystem, and the dynamics of its cultures.
"The Daily Telegraph" reviewed the book as an "almost encyclopaedic account of northern travels". A 2004 article in the "Canadian Journal of History" reviewed it as "quite an extraordinary book", but continued on that "the final sections of the work prove to be ... highly disappointing." The book was shortlisted for the Thomas Cook Travel Book Award in 2004.
Personal life.
Took met a wealthy painter, Pat Cleary, at a family party in 1981. Their families had been associated for decades. Despite her father's concerns that the financially struggling Took was only interested in marrying her for her money, the couple wed on 12 July 1983 and lived in Cleary's affluent Chelsea, London home. The extended family from Cleary's first marriage consisted of a son, two daughters and eight grandchildren. With both of Cleary's daughters in school in other countries, her teenage son was the only child residing with the couple. Cleary was "touched" by the attention paid to her son by Took, who had repeatedly made it clear that he wanted no children of his own.
The couple separated in the late 1980s as a result of Took's infidelity. They later reunited, but split again after Cleary found evidence of another affair. Although she had filed for divorce, the couple again reconciled, in part because Cleary feared her husband might commit suicide if she didn't give their marriage another chance—he had attempted suicide over rejection from a woman in his youth, leaving deep scars on his neck and wrists—and she had always considered him to be a "fragile" man. He spent much of the following years travelling in Russia.
Child sexual abuse case and death.
In February 2007, their 25th year of marriage, Roger Took joined his family for a trip to the Dominican Republic. On their way home, one of his stepdaughters found a $100 bill in her daughter's luggage. The girl said that Took gave it to her so that he could photograph her. After additional questioning by her mother, she explained that she had been sexually abused by Took "for as long as she could remember". The mother alerted the police and a six week investigation was launched during which Took was unaware that his family knew what had been happening.
Took was arrested at Luton airport in April 2007 following a police investigation that uncovered 742 chat room logs in which Took boasted about a child rape and murder. Took denied the allegations, saying his words were merely a fantasy. Police also recovered 260 images from Took's laptop. 102 of them were graded as "level 5s", meaning they depicted children being penetrated, tortured or both. Police raided Took’s home where they found a locked case, which contained a large bundle of photographs of young Russian women. The women, who were naked and one of whom was having sex with Took, are believed to be prostitutes. Also found in the case were clippings of children’s hair.
Took was given an indeterminate sentence by Judge Henry Blacksell QC who believed he "posed a danger to all children." He eventually plead guilty to a total of 17 charges, including sexual assault on a child under 13, inciting a child under 13 to engage in sexual activity and making and possessing indecent images of children. Judge Blacksell had reviewed thousands of pages of evidence, was visibly shocked when he told the court, "It is unrestrained filth, depravity of the worst kind." He was sentenced to nine years, but was eligible for parole after four and a half. He was also banned from working with children under the age of 18 for the rest of his life. Took has appealed his sentence.
According to Charlotte Metcalf, Took's charm, social status, academic reputation and credentials served to "cushion him from condemnation". His case received little publicity and he enjoyed support from former colleagues. During sentencing Judge Blacksell, who stated that he had no doubt that Took suffered from an illness, took into consideration 23 letters of support and three character witnesses who spoke at the hearing on behalf of five people. He was described as a "gentle, kind, caring man who has enriched the lives of many over many years". Those who spoke were his older half-brother, John Michael Took; the Reverend Adrian Gabb-Jones; and Matteos Los, a schoolfriend from a Greek shipping family.
Took killed himself in July 2011 while on probation.

</doc>
<doc id="18805983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805983" title="Fărcașa">
Fărcașa

Fărcaşa () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Buzeşti ("Szamosújfalu"), Fărcaşa, Sârbi ("Oláhtótfalu") and Tămaia ("Tomány").

</doc>
<doc id="18805993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18805993" title="Gârdani">
Gârdani

Gârdani () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Gârdani, part of Sălsig Commune until being split off in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18806001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806001" title="Groși">
Groși

Groşi () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Groşi, Ocoliş ("Feketefalu") and Satu Nou de Jos ("Alsóújfalu").

</doc>
<doc id="18806008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806008" title="Groșii Țibleșului">
Groșii Țibleșului

Groşii Ţibleşului () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Groşii Ţibleşului.
At the 2011 census, 91.3% of inhabitants were Romanians, 6.9% Hungarians and 1.8% Romanians.

</doc>
<doc id="18806019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806019" title="Oarța de Jos">
Oarța de Jos

Oarţa de Jos is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Oarţa de Jos, Oarţa de Sus and Orţiţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18806026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806026" title="Remeți">
Remeți

Remeţi is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Piatra, Remeţi and Teceu Mic.

</doc>
<doc id="18806054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806054" title="2008–09 in Guatemalan football">
2008–09 in Guatemalan football

The following article presents a summary of the 2008-09 football (soccer) season in Guatemala.
National leagues.
Liga Nacional.
Source: RSSSF 
Primera División de Ascenso.
Source: RSSSF 
National team.
This section covers the Guatemala national team matches from the beginning of June 2008 until the end of June 2009.
The Guatemala national team played the entirety of its 2010 World Cup qualification campaign from June 2008 to November 2008, being eliminated in the Third Round of the CONCACAF region as third place in its group.
"KEY: F = Friendly match; WCQ2010 = 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification; UNCAF 2009 = UNCAF Nations Cup 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="18806064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806064" title="Center Branch Wildlife Management Area">
Center Branch Wildlife Management Area

Center Branch Wildlife Management Area is located on in Harrison County near Stonewood, West Virginia. The WMA is located on a former strip mine site, and contains several flat benches and high walls. Second growth oak-hickory and mixed hardwoods forests cover much of the land.
Center Branch is located along Turkey Run, a tributary of Elk Creek and the West Fork River. The main entrance is via Turkey Run Road (County Route 20/11) off West Virginia Route 20 near Stonewood.
Hunting.
Hunting opportunities include deer, grouse, squirrel, turkey and grouse. Camping is prohibited at this WMA.

</doc>
<doc id="18806079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806079" title="Săcălășeni">
Săcălășeni

Săcălăşeni () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Coruia ("Karuly"), Culcea ("Kővárkölcse") and Săcălăşeni. From 1968 to 2004, it also included four other villages. These were then split off to recreate Coaș and Coltău Communes.

</doc>
<doc id="18806083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806083" title="Sălsig">
Sălsig

Sălsig () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Sălsig. It also included Gârdani village until 2004, when it was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18806086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806086" title="Salsig">
Salsig

Salsig may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18806090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806090" title="Sarasău">
Sarasău

Sarasău () is a commune in Maramureș County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Sarasău.

</doc>
<doc id="18806110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806110" title="Marc Heider">
Marc Heider

Marc Heider (born May 18, 1986 in Sacramento) is an American-born German footballer who plays as a forward for Holstein Kiel.
Career.
Heider began his career at TuS Recke before being scouted in 2003 for the youth team of VfL Osnabrück. He was promoted to the senior team of Osnabrück and played sixteen games scoring two goals. In July 2006 Heider transferred to Werder Bremen where he plays for the reserve team and was released on May 30, 2009, than on June 26, 2009 signed for Holstein Kiel.

</doc>
<doc id="18806121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806121" title="Strâmtura">
Strâmtura

Strâmtura () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Glod ("Glód"), Slătioara ("Izasópatak") and Strâmtura.

</doc>
<doc id="18806129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806129" title="Vima Mică">
Vima Mică

Vima Mică is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Aspra, Dealu Corbului, Jugăstreni, Peteritea, Sălniţa, Vima Mare and Vima Mică.

</doc>
<doc id="18806174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806174" title="Andreas Granskov">
Andreas Granskov

Andreas Granskov Hansen (born March 5, 1989) is a Danish footballer who currently plays as a striker for Brønshøj BK.

</doc>
<doc id="18806192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806192" title="20-pair colour code (Australia)">
20-pair colour code (Australia)

The 20-pair colour code is a colour code used in Australia to identify individual conductors in a kind of electrical telecommunication wiring for indoor use, known as twisted pair cables. The colours are applied to the insulation that covers each conductor. The first colour is chosen from one group of five colours.
The combinations are also shown in the table below showing the colour for each wire ("1" and "2") and the pair number.
Note that the word slate may often be used instead of grey.

</doc>
<doc id="18806193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806193" title="North Cotabato Conflict">
North Cotabato Conflict

The North Cotabato conflict is a military confrontation between the Philippines armed forces and rogue MILF rebels in the North Cotabato province of Mindanao.
Background.
1000 MILF rebels under the command of Umbra Kato have seized control of thirty five villages in the North Cotabato province. 2000 Philippine troops with helicopters and artillery were sent in to the seized area on August 9 to liberate it from the rebels. The MILF had wanted North Cotabato to be included in the Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao. The government and MILF had been negotiating for the inclusion of the province in the Muslim Autonomous Region but the Supreme Court had struck down the proposal after hearing concern from local Christian leaders in the region.
Conflict.
The rebel troops were ordered to leave the area by their commanders but the contingents under Kato refused to leave the villages they had occupied and instead dug in. The Philippine Army responded on the 9th of August by bombarding them. The next day, the government forces moved to retake the villages recapturing two of them from the rebels.

</doc>
<doc id="18806198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806198" title="Young Sid">
Young Sid

Sidney Diamond (born 7 July 1986), best known by his stage name Young Sid, is a New Zealand rapper and member of hip-hop group Smashproof. His 2007 debut album, "The Truth", was named the Urban Album of the Year at the 2008 Māori Music Awards.
Biography.
Young Sid was born in Otara, South Auckland, New Zealand and later moved to Manukau City, Auckland. He is of Cook Island and Maori descent, and was raised in the Manukau suburb of Otara. Sid used his aunt's address to attend Papatoetoe High School. He was first attracted to American hip hop after listening to his older brother's copy of the 1988 N.W.A single "Gangsta Gangsta." Sid recorded his first song when he was eleven, and was part of a short-lived hip-hop group called The Murder Squad.
Career.
Sid, along with fellow rappers Tyree and Deach, formed hip-hop trio Smashproof in 2005, and they signed a contract with Move The Crowd Records (a subsidiary of Universal) during Sid's first semester of university; he dropped out shortly thereafter in order to pursue his music career full-time. Sid explained in an interview with the "Sunday Star Times" that the name "Smashproof" was a play on the word "bulletproof." He briefly came under controversy in February 2008 when he appeared in a music video featuring a South Auckland street gang, of which his brother is a member.
His solo debut, "The Truth," was released on Move The Crowd in 2007, and featured a guest appearance by Chamillionaire. He spent three weeks in New York recording the tracks, many of which were produced in Croatia, France, and Auckland. The album would then go on to debut at No. 27 in its lone week on the RIANZ top-40 album charts on 10 September. 
His first album with Smashproof, titled "The Weekend," was released in March 2009, and featured their No. 1 hit song, "Brother," which broke a 23-year-old record for the longest consecutive run at number one by a New Zealand-based act on the country's singles chart. Sid was the opening act for Ice Cube's "Straight Outta Compton Tour" concert in Manukau City on 22 August 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18806260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806260" title="Caxton Associates">
Caxton Associates

Caxton Associates is a global macro hedge fund founded by Bruce Kovner in 1983 and is headquartered in New York City. The firm also has offices in London, Sydney, and Princeton, New Jersey. As a global macro hedge fund, Caxton Associates identifies investments according to their research of global markets and analysis of worldwide economic trends. 
Caxton Associates went through a major generational transition in 2008 when Bruce Kovner stepped back from trading and appointed Andrew Law as Chief Investment Officer. In 2011, Law was appointed as the Chairman, CEO and controlling general partner of Caxton Associates, following the retirement of Kovner. 
History.
Caxton was founded in 1983 by Bruce Kovner . Kovner trained under Michael Marcus at Commodities Corporation (now part of Goldman Sachs International), before embarking on his own with the founding of Caxton. 
In 1992, Caxton closed its fund to new investors. The fund then opened and closed intermittently, and most recently reopened to new investors in August 2013. 
It was reported that at the end of the 1990s Caxton Global Investments volatility fell substantially along with the funds returns.
In 2003 concern at Caxton Associates around the potential future impact on their historical rate of return due to their fund's size resulted in 20 percent of investors' capital being returned. Assets under management post 20% were $9.5 billion.
On December 21, 2007, Caxton-Iseman Capital, a joint investment partnership Caxton Associates and Frederick Iseman announced that it had completed its spin-off from Caxton Associates. Caxton-Iseman Capital will change its name to CI Capital Partners LLC.
In 2008, Bruce Kovner stepped back from trading and appointed Andrew Law as Caxton’s Chief Investment Officer. In 2011, Law was appointed as the Chairman, CEO and controlling general partner of Caxton Associates, following the retirement of Kovner . Law joined the London office in 2003 from Goldman Sachs, where he was Managing Director and head of FICC proprietary trading in London.
2008 Financial Crisis.
During the 2008 financial crisis Caxton Associates did not erect gates freezing investor capital in their Caxton Global Investments fund. As reported the fund saw client redemptions totalling 27% of assets under management through 2008–2009—while returning 13% for the year. The redemptions were reportedly born out of cash strapped clients many of whose asset allocations were gated and frozen at other investment management companies: two years later the firm had fallen from No. 16 to No. 51.
In 2010 it was reported that since 1983 Caxton Associates had returned $12.8 billion to clients whilst managing $6 billion; ranking second amongst managers who have returned more than they currently manage.
Company.
Caxton Associates' offices are in New York, London's Mayfair district, Sydney, and Princeton, NJ.
Investments.
Caxton Associates is a global macro hedge fund. Over the course of its history, Caxton has made more than $13bn for its clients - according to LCH Investments - this is roughly 14 per cent annually, with half the volatility of the S&P 500 . 
According to an interview with Andrew Law in the Financial Times in October 2013, Caxton has “three core principles”: “One is listen to the markets, a second one is politics and policy matters and the third one is risk control.” 
Investment Vehicles.
The firm's flagship fund was reported in August 2011 to account for $7 billion of Caxton Associates assets under management.
Rankings.
Institutional Investor's Hedge Fund 100 

</doc>
<doc id="18806265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806265" title="Badjelly the Witch">
Badjelly the Witch

Badjelly the Witch is a brief handwritten, illustrated story by Spike Milligan, created for his children, then printed in 1973. It was made into an audio and a video version.
In the story, two children Tim and Rose, looking for their lost cow Lucy, meet magical enchanted forest characters. They are captured by Badjelly the witch, then rescued by an eagle. God intervenes as they escape, and the witch is destroyed when she attempts to "scratch God's eye out". The characters enchanted by Badjelly are rescued.
In 1975, in the planning for an audio version for the BBC "infant's programme" "Let's Join In", Milligan objected to the planned removal of God from the story. The BBC wrote in a letter that the object is not to put God on the same level as goblins, to which Milligan replied that goblins, fairies and God all exist. However, he allowed God to be removed.
In 1974 Ed Welch set "Badjelly the Witch" to music and the LP was released on Polydor Records.Spike narrated it with a large orchestra, and the LP was a reasonable success.However in New Zealand it was a huge success and has sold over 40000 recordings up to 2012.
Film.
CBBC and Ragdoll Productions had collaborated on a film based on this novel in December 2000. Spike Milligan, the book's writer, narrated the movie.
Theatre.
In 2010/11, there was a production created by the Chickenshed Theatre Company called "Badjelly's Bad Christmas", with Badjelly the Witch, along with many other characters created by Milligan such as Sir Nobonk and King Twytt, as the main characters.

</doc>
<doc id="18806271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806271" title="Roberto Navarro">
Roberto Navarro

Roberto Navarro Gonzalez (born April 14, 1988) is a boxer from the Dominican Republic. He completed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in the featherweight division. He lost via tiebreaker (after a 3-3 tie) in the first round to Luis Enrique Porozo of Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="18806311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806311" title="Zula Linklater House">
Zula Linklater House

The Zula Linklater House is a two-story office building on Second Avenue in downtown Hillsboro, Oregon, United States. Completed in 1923, the Mediterranean style structure is built of concrete, wood, and stucco. Originally constructed for Zula Warren Linklater as a home, it was renovated and turned into office space in 1984. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
History.
Zula Warren was born on August 12, 1870, near Hillsboro with the family residence near what is today 10th Avenue and East Main Street. She married local doctor Samuel Towers Linklater after she turned 28 years old and would have six children with the widower. The husband died on February 8, 1914, with Zula using the family investments to support the family and build a new home.
Daughter Ruth requested that her mother build a home “that would last forever.” Construction began in 1922 on the house on a property Samuel had bought in 1889. The concrete dwelling was completed in 1923. On February 8, 1930, Zula died and the home passed to her son Kenneth. He lived there briefly, but never sold the home, with the residence changing ownership after his death in 1983. Kenneth married Jeanne Latourette, the daughter of Earl C. Latourette of the Oregon Supreme Court.
On August 1, 1984, the house was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Zula Linklater House. That year contractor and developer Eugene Zurbrugg renovated the structure and converted it into office space. With it fully leased at the completion of the remodel, the conversion was seen as a beginning of a change to the building type in downtown Hillsboro from retail to a more commercial focus. As of 2008, the building housed professionals, including the Legal Aid office for Washington County.
Details.
The two-story, gray office building was built of wood, concrete, and featured a stucco exterior. It was the only home in Hillsboro constructed of concrete during the 1920s. The Zula Linklater House is of the Mediterranean Revival Style architecture popular at the time of its construction.

</doc>
<doc id="18806333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806333" title="World Magnetic Tour">
World Magnetic Tour

World Magnetic Tour was a 2008-2010 concert tour by American heavy metal band Metallica in support of the group's ninth studio album, "Death Magnetic", which was released in September 2008.
The tour officially kicked off in October 2008 in Glendale, Arizona, United States, following three European promotional dates in September and two U.S. rehearsal shows. By September 2010, the tour had reached North America, Europe, South America, Asia and Oceania.
The tour culminated with three dates in Melbourne, Australia in late November 2010. The tour ended up being the most successful by Metallica, grossing roughly $217.2 million (the 18th highest grossing tour of all time), with the top grossing location, Acer Arena in Sydney, Australia, taking more than $14 million over 4 shows.
Overview.
A North American leg, their first since the Madly in Anger with the World Tour in 2004, began in Glendale, Arizona and wrapped up in late December in Oakland, California. The leg continued in early January 2009, starting in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and finishing up in Newark, New Jersey in early February.
In February 2009, the band commenced a European tour. The group played three rounds of batches of dates, resuming in late March and then returning again in May. In between the first and second legs, the band performed a small promotional show in Austin, Texas, U.S. to support the video game release "". The European legs began in Nottingham, U.K. and eventually culminated in Cologne, Germany.
In June 2009, the group played three dates in Mexico City. The shows reached a total capacity of 158,349 and were the band's first shows in Mexico in ten years. Later in the month, the group returned to Europe, performing a mixture of indoor and outdoor shows, and festival appearances. The leg featured headline slots at the first iterations of the Sonisphere Festival, a new festival event which took place in Finland, Germany, Netherlands, Spain, Sweden and the U.K.. The leg began in Helsinki and finished in early August in Knebworth, U.K..
In September 2009, the band kicked off a third North American leg, beginning in Nashville, Tennessee and finishing in mid-November in New York City. The act resumed touring duties in December, performing five dates in the Western U.S..
In January 2010, the band headed to South America, playing mostly outdoor shows. The leg kicked off in Lima and finished in São Paulo, Brazil. In March, the group returned to Mexico, performing in Guadalajara and Monterrey. The leg continued on with additional dates in South America, as well as shows in Central America. The band also performed for the first time in countries such as Puerto Rico, Costa Rica and Guatemala.
In April 2010, the act once again returned to Europe, beginning with two dates in Oslo. The leg included appearances at the 2010 editions of the Sonisphere Festival, which featured exclusive billings of the "Big Four" of thrash metal: Slayer, Megadeth and Anthrax, as well as Metallica. The events took place in Poland, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Bulgaria, Greece, Romania and Turkey. The band also returned to Israel in May, for the third time in their career.
In September 2010, the band kicked off one of three legs in Oceania, followed by two dates in Tokyo. In mid-October and late November 2010, the group returned for additional concerts in Oceania. The group also played a show in the United States in early November for the launch party. The entire tour culminated with three dates in Melbourne, Australia.
The dates in Mexico City were recorded and later released on CD, DVD and Blu-ray with the title, "" ("Pride, Passion and Glory"). Additionally, the show in Nîmes, France was filmed and subsequently released on DVD and Blu-ray entitled, "Français Pour Une Nuit" ("French for One Night"). Both titles were released to retail in November 2009 only in their respective markets (South America and France) and through the band's official website.
The band's performance at the Sonisphere Festival in Sofia was beamed to more than 450 movie theatres in more than 140 markets in the U.S. and select cities in Europe, Canada and South America on June 22, 2010. The live video was later released on DVD and Blu-ray in October 2010, entitled "The Big 4 Live from Sofia, Bulgaria".
According to concert magazine "Pollstar", the tour was the tenth highest-grossing for 2009 with revenue of US$89.1 million from 78 shows, and ranked fifth in 2010 with revenue of $110.1 million. Overall, the tour grossed $217,245,629 from 166 shows across two years with an attendance of over 2.6 million people.
This was the first time Metallica ever played in Puerto Rico. They were originally going to play on April 28, 1993 at Hiram Bithorn Stadium, but the rains that day reached a level of over two feet, which would have been a hazardous situation if the band had played.

</doc>
