<doc id="18636062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636062" title="ETA Star Group">
ETA Star Group

ETA Star Group is an investment company headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It is a joint-venture between Al Ghurair and Tamil Muslim entrepreneurs B.S. Abdur Rahman and Syed Ahmed Hussain.
Company performance.
Established in 1973, the company employs more than 70,000 people in 23 countries and has an annual sales of more than US$6.5 billion. The ETA Star Group organization encompasses 140 entities and associate offices, with involvement in a number of industries including automobiles, building maintenance, consumer electronics, construction, contracting, engineering, information technology, shipping and transportation. The world largest trading company.
Investments.
Organizations which ETA has invested nearly 100 divisions include General Airconditioners in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18636092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636092" title="Justin Van Der Volgen">
Justin Van Der Volgen

Justin Van Der Volgen is an American musician, mixer with Out Hud from 1996 to 2005 and !!! from 1996 to 2007.
Van der Volgen remixed Maserati's "Inventions" for their 2008 "Inventions Remixed" 12" on Temporary Residence.

</doc>
<doc id="18636093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636093" title="Longfield Halt railway station">
Longfield Halt railway station

Longfield Halt (also known as "Longfield Halt for Pinden and Westwood") was a railway station on the Gravesend West Line which served the settlement of Grubb Street in Kent, England.
History.
The line was opened 1886 but it was not until 1913 that the station was opened as part of a drive by the South Eastern and Chatham Railway (SECR) to cut costs and increase revenues on the Gravesend West branch. Longfield Halt was now the first station on the line and was situated ¾ mile from Fawkham Junction in a chalk cutting just to the south-west of a road bridge carrying Whitehill Road over the line. 
The station was constructed entirely of wood, with access being had from a staircase leading down from the overbridge. Its opening coincided with the introduction by the SECR of push-pull trains, initially worked by H class 0-4-4Ts with ex-South Eastern Railway 4 wheel coaches, running between Swanley Junction and Gravesend West Street. Although ultimately never successful, the line began to suffer in the face of competition from local bus services following the Second World War, and freight dropped off. The decision was therefore made to close all stations on the branch line to passenger traffic as from 3 August 1953. In 1959, the line was singled and the platform buildings at Longfield Halt were demolished along with those at neighbouring Southfleet. The line running through Longfield remained open for freight until 1976, and the track remained even as late as 1985. 
Present day.
The site of Longfield Halt has been incorporated into the Channel Tunnel Rail Link (CTRL) which runs from London through Kent to the British side of the Channel Tunnel. Works on the CTRL commenced in 1998 with the lifting of the remaining track on the Gravesend Branch and the excavation of a new trackbed. CTRL services followed the alignment of the Gravesend Branch as far as Fawkham Junction where they joined the Chatham Main Line to proceed to Waterloo. CTRL trains ceased using this route in 2007 when trains were diverted to St. Pancras. The line is still occasionally used for empty stock trains.

</doc>
<doc id="18636097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636097" title="Ponmanai">
Ponmanai

Ponmanai is a panchayat town in Kanniyakumari district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.

</doc>
<doc id="18636111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636111" title="DRG Class 71.0">
DRG Class 71.0

The German DRG Class 71.0 was a four-coupled tank locomotive with the Deutsche Reichsbahn, which was intended as a replacement for railbuses. Originally it had been planned for these standard engines ("Einheitsloks") to haul fast passenger trains.
Two vehicles were delivered in 1934 by the firm of Schwartzkopff and two each in 1936 by the firms of Borsig and Krupp. The two-cylinder superheated engines were equipped with automatic underfeed stokers for one-man operation. In the course of its service the boiler overpressure was reduced from 20 bar to 16 bar for safety reasons. All the locomotives had a sheet steel frame. The second coupled wheelset was driven and the carrying wheels rested in Bissel axles.
The Deutsche Bundesbahn took over all the engines after the Second World War and allocated them to the locomotive depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk" or "Bw") in Nuremberg. Later they were all transferred to Kaiserslautern and Landau. The locomotives were retired by 1956.
No examples of the DRG Class 71.0 remain.

</doc>
<doc id="18636117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636117" title="George Tice">
George Tice

George Tice (1938) is an American photographer best known for his large-format black-and-white photographs of New Jersey. Tice was born in Newark, New Jersey, and self-trained as a photographer. His work is included in major museum collections around the world and he has published many books of photographs, including "Fields of Peace: A Pennsylvania German Album " (1970), "Paterson, New Jersey" (1972), "Seacoast Maine: People and Places" (1973), "Urban Landscapes: A New Jersey Portrait" (1975), and "Hometowns: An American Pilgrimage " (1988).

</doc>
<doc id="18636119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636119" title="Theroor">
Theroor

Theroor is a panchayat town in Kanniyakumari district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.

</doc>
<doc id="18636145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636145" title="John Honyman">
John Honyman

John Honyman (1613 – April 1636), also Honeyman, Honiman, Honnyman, or other variants, was an English actor of the Caroline era. He was a member of the King's Men, the most prominent playing company of its era, best known as the company of William Shakespeare and Richard Burbage.
Honyman belonged to the generation that followed Shakespeare and Burbage. He was christened on 7 February 1613, in the parish of St. Botolph's, Bishopsgate. An apprentice of John Shank, he started his career as a boy player filling female roles; in his teens he was playing leading female parts, Domitilla in "The Roman Actor" (1626) and Sophia in "The Picture" (1629), both plays by Philip Massinger, and Clarinda in Lodowick Carlell's "The Deserving Favourite" (also 1629).
Some boy actors of Honyman's era made successful transitions from filling lead female roles as boys to lead male roles as young men; Stephen Hammerton and Richard Sharpe are two examples of this successful transition. John Honyman illustrates the opposite phenomenon, in that he graduated to only rather minor roles as a young adult. He played the servingman Sly in John Clavell's "The Soddered Citizen" (1630), and the First Merchant in Massinger's "Believe as You List" (1631). In the 1632 King's Men's revival of John Fletcher's "The Wild Goose Chase", he filled the minor part of "Young Man disguised as a Factor."
Honyman was made a Groom of the Chamber on 15 April 1633, along with John Thompson. His potential development in his craft was cut short by his early death. He was buried on 13 April 1636. His last will and testament, drawn up six days earlier on 7 April (Robert Benfield was one of the witnesses), leaves bequests to his mother, father, and brother, his fellow actors, and the poor of his parish, St. Giles without Cripplegate. Thomas Jordan published an elegy on Honyman in his "Love's Dialact" (1646).
Honyman also appears to have been among the minority of actors who wrote one or more plays. Sir Aston Cockayne left a 10-line poem "To Mr. John Hunnieman" that extols his "Successful pen and fortunate fantasy" and even compares Honyman to Shakespeare. Yet nothing is known of Honyman's dramas, not even their titles.

</doc>
<doc id="18636158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636158" title="Chi-fu Huang">
Chi-fu Huang

Chi-fu Huang (黄奇辅)(born January 27, 1955) is a private investor.
Dr. Huang founded Platinum Grove Asset Management L.P. (PGAM), formerly known as Oak Hill Platinum Partners, LLC, an investment management company based in Rye Brook, New York in 1999. He was the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of PGAM from 1999 to 2009, and served as Non-Executive Chairman from 2010 to 2013.
Before founding PGAM, Dr. Huang was with Long Term Capital Management L.P. from 1995 to 1999 and was a Principal and Co-Head of its Asia office in Tokyo from 1997 to 1999. Prior to that he was Head of Fixed Income Derivatives Research at Goldman, Sachs & Co. in New York from 1993 to 1994.
Dr. Huang received his B.A. in Economics from National Taiwan University in 1977 and Ph.D. in Financial Economics from Stanford University in the United States in 1983 and was on the faculty of the MIT Sloan School of Management from 1983 to 1994. He was a full professor and held the J.C. Penney Professorship in finance when he left MIT in the summer of 1994.
He was an editor of Review of Financial Studies and an associate editor of "The Journal of Economic Theory", "Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis", "Mathematical Finance", and "The Journal of Mathematical Economics". He is the author of more than thirty articles and is co-author, with Robert H. Litzenberger, of "Foundations for Financial Economics", a textbook for graduate students in financial markets.
Dr. Huang has made major contributions to the theory of financial economics, and has written on dynamic general equilibrium theory, intertemporal utility theory, and the theory of individual consumption and portfolio decisions.
His most extensive work has been in dynamic general equilibrium theory. Here he has developed two main themes. The first theme concerns the relations between the revelation of new information to the agents in an economy and the characteristics of asset prices in an economy. His results justified some key assumptions underlying much of the modern work on asset pricing. 
The second main theme concerns the critical allocational role of securities markets. Previous research suggested that an efficient allocation of resources would require markets for far more securities than actually exist. Huang's work shifted the focus of discussion from the number of markets to the nature of dynamic trading opportunities. He showed that an efficient allocation of resources could in fact be obtained with relatively few securities as long as these securities could be traded continuously. 
In his work on individual consumption and portfolio decisions, Huang provided a new approach to this classic economic topic. Many of the inherent dynamic optimization problems in this area had proved to be impossible to solve. Huang showed how these seemingly intractable problems can be broken into two easy-to-solve parts, one involving a static optimization problem and the other a dynamic problem without optimization. 
Huang's work on utility theory has allowed researchers to include in their models some intuitively appealing aspects of individual preferences that were previously ignored because they were too difficult to formalize. Additionally, he has expanded the applicability of auction theory to financial markets by studying price behavior in actions conducted by participants who are purchasing items for resale rather than for their own use.

</doc>
<doc id="18636184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636184" title="J. Murdoch Ritchie">
J. Murdoch Ritchie

Joseph Murdoch Ritchie (June 10, 1925 – July 9, 2008) was an American biophysicist and a professor at Yale University.
Early life and education.
Ritchie studied mathematics and physics at the University of Aberdeen, then did his doctorate at University College, London in biophysics in 1952. He joined the faculty at Yale in pharmacology in 1968, and later served as chairman of the department and as director of the division of biological sciences (1975–1978). He retired in 2003.
Career.
Ritchie is known for asking the Central Intelligence Agency in 1975 to share its supply of saxitoxin (which were used in suicide pills) with scientists for research and his work in neuroscience. He was the co-author of numerous scientific and technical books and articles.
Personal life.
He was married to Brenda Bigland–Ritchie, a physiologist. They had a son, Alasdair Ritchie, a biologist, and a daughter, Jocelyn Ritchie, a neuropsychologist.

</doc>
<doc id="18636211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636211" title="Chamtrul Rinpoche">
Chamtrul Rinpoche

Chamtrul Lobsang Gyatso is a rinpoche and teacher of Tibetan Buddhist philosophy. Trained by many High Masters of different Tibetan Buddhist traditions, his main Root Guru was His Holiness Jigme Phuntsok Rinpoche from the Nyingmapa School. Chamtrul Rinpoche has been teaching for almost 20 years to thousands of monks and lay people around the world.
Early life.
Venerable Chamtrul Lobsang Gyatso was born in the year of the Water Rabbit (1963), the third son of a highly respected family that originated in Golog Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture (or Golok), Qinghai, China. Rinpoche was recognized at a young age as the reincarnation of the second Kathok Chamtrul Pema Nangsal Dorje Rinpoche, from Mardo Tashi Choling, one of the branch-Monastery of the Kathok School.
At the age of 14, he took the gemnien vows (lay people renunciation vows) from his first Root Guru, the highly realized Dzogchen master Naljor Yeshe Wangcheuk Rinpoche. He received teachings from him on the preliminary practices (ngondro) and subsequently completed the 500,000 accumulations of the ngondros three times, mostly in retreat, over a period of three years. Following this, Rinpoche studied and practiced Tummo and Dzogchen teachings intensively, under the direction of his Root Guru. During this period, Rinpoche undertook a six month pilgrimage of prostrations from Mardo Tashi Choling to Tugchen, the statue of Avalokiteshvara situated at the top of the Holy Mountain of Tsako Takyab.
At the age of 19, he received ordination from Getse Khenpo Wangchen and became a monk. For the next few years, Rinpoche continued studying at his monastery with his first Root Guru. He then moved to the Institute of Buddhist Philosophy (Shedra) of the Kathok Monastery, where he stayed for two years. He then joined the Shedra of Serta Larung Monastery. After studying the “five major sciences” curriculum (intensive training in Sutra, Tantra, logic etc...) under the supervision of His Holiness Jigme Phuntsok Rinpoche, his second Root Guru, he obtained the title of Khenpo (Doctor in Buddhist Philosophy).
Dharma Teaching.
Always ready to give Dharma teachings wherever they are needed, Rinpoche dedicates his life to help people find inner peace. Through his invaluable knowledge and practical advice, Rinpoche compassionately guides his students toward ultimate peace and happiness. 
In his own words: "Without discriminating against anybody based on their sex, race, creed and so forth, I wish them to enjoy excellent peace and harmony. I try to the best of my ability to promote the view, meditation and conduct of non-violence, which is the indispensable source for the spread and enhancement of the inner peace of mind. "
Rinpoche is based in the Zilnon Kagye Ling Nyingma Monastery, McLeod Ganj, India yet often travels the world reaching out to old and new students alike. In this manner he has been (in his own words) "able to implant the seed of liberation in them through my practice of giving the Dharma".

</doc>
<doc id="18636229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636229" title="History of the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department">
History of the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department

The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department was formed in 1850 and was the first professional police force in the Los Angeles area. The department has become the seventh largest law enforcement agency in the United States. Since 1996, it has also been the largest sheriff's department in the world.
The Gold Rush and the Lawless Cow Counties.
One of the first consequences of the unprecedented emigration caused by the California Gold Rush from the Eastern U. S., Europe and Asia into this almost unknown and semi-primitive part of the country was to render law and order virtually extinct. Enthusiastic men left their responsibilities at home with their families and came to California expecting to go into the gold fields, pick up a fortune and return home. This air of adventure and uncertainty as to California's status as a territory, made conditions so chaotic that lawlessness was the rule, rather than the exception. Over one hundred thousand men from all quarters of the globe were suddenly thrown together in a new land that was without established government. The U. S. Army, the force of occupation tasked with this responsibility, with its small garrison, was unable fulfill this role and it was made smaller by serious desertions by many soldiers for the gold fields. The existing Californian institutions for law enforcement were overwhelmed also. 
Law and order did develop in the gold camps with miners laws and popular assemblies. Severe verdicts were the rule. "Lynch law" was a name most frequently applied to miners' court. "A jury of eight American citizens, unless the accused desire a jury of twelve persons, who shall be regularly summoned by the Sheriff and sworn by the Alcade, and shall try the case according to the evidence." Lashing was a common punishment, and culprits were often branded on the cheek with the letter "R" (renegade). Their hair and eyebrows were frequently shaved. When the "lynch law" prevailed, it often struck terror in the heart of the criminal. There was no hazy, undefined view of his ultimate fate in the distant future, but a vivid picture of the sure and speedy consequence to the crime. 
Escaped criminals, fugitives from justice, criminals from poverty-stricken Mexican communities, and ruffians of every sort whom vigilante committees had "encouraged" to move south, where they began to congregate in what became Los Angeles County, which at the time of its formation in 1850, also included the present counties of Kern, Orange, San Bernardino and Ventura, was the natural rendezvous point for a large part of this diversified criminal element. In a modest way Los Angeles boasted of more murders annually, in proportion to its population, than any other community in California or anywhere else in the United States.
Statehood and the early Los Angeles County Sheriff's 1850-.
Following the organization of the State of California into counties, the Sheriff's Department of Los Angeles County was formed in April, 1850. Elections for the office of Sheriff were held annually until 1882, when the term was increased to two years; in 1894 the term was increased to four years. The first Sheriff of Los Angeles County was George T. Burrill and his staff consisted of two Deputies.
The Los Angeles Rangers (1852-1856).
The local newspaper, "Los Angeles Star", reported that in 1852, the Los Angeles Rangers were organized (since they assisted both the L.A. County Sheriff and the L.A. Town Marshal, they were the predecessors of both the L.A. County Sheriffs Department and of the Los Angeles Police Department. The Rangers were actually a California State Militia Company that acted as a posse, taking orders through their Captain from the office of the Sheriff. Combining both Mexican and American influences, mounted and uniformed, the Rangers formed a troop of 100 men. Their duties included pursuit of criminals or Indian raiders. 
"The Southern California", another local newspaper of the time, remarked, "We are proud to think that the Los Angeles Rangers have the full confidence of our whole community." The Los Angeles Star praised the Rangers as a step toward improving matters in the area. One of the Rangers, Major Horace Bell, later wrote, "Reminiscences of a Ranger; or, Early times in Southern California", describing this organization and activities.
Flores Daniel Gang and Getman murder.
In 1857, the outstanding crime was the murder of James Barton, Sheriff of Los Angeles County, and several members of this posse by members of the Flores Daniel Gang. Barton was killed only three weeks after he was elected to his second term.
Ironically, shortly after being elected to replace Sheriff Barton, on January 7, 1858, Sheriff William C. Getman (once Lieutenant of the Rangers), was killed, after serving only seven days in office, while attempting to arrest a "maniac." The incident was reported as follows:
Chinese massacre of 1871.
The culmination of the "lynch law" period occurred quickly and unexpectedly. On the afternoon of October 24, 1871, Los Angeles burst into madness and a drama unfolded which was to sicken participants and bring about the realization that law and order must prevail:
On Monday, October 25, 1871 a tong war among local Chinese resulted in the death of a white rancher named Robert Thompson. A riot broke out immediately and a massacre of Chinese people began. Sheriff James Frank Burns addressed the crowd, commanded the peace and called upon all good law abiding citizens to quell the hanging and shooting. Sheriff Burns hastily formed a posse of 25 Deputies and regained order. The story of the massacre was heard around the world and the U.S. government made an official apology to China. Sheriff Burns obtained 150 warrants against known mob members and one by one arrested them. The word was out, and Los Angeles was no longer a privileged sanctuary. The courageous former school teacher, Sheriff James F. Burns, had shown that law and order would prevail and taught the wild frontier town a lesson it would never forget.
"See also:" The California Rangers.
1900s to present.
Before World War II.
Twenty-four men have served Los Angeles County as Sheriff since 1850: nineteen were elected and six were appointed by the Board of Supervisors to serve the unexpired term of their predecessors. Two were killed in the line of duty. Of those appointed, four were re-elected to the office. The youngest man ever elected to the office of Sheriff was William B. Rowland, who was sworn in when he was 25 years old (in 1871), and was re-elected three times. The record for the longest consecutive service goes to Sheriff Eugene Biscailuz, who completed 51 years in the department, from deputy in 1907, to being appointed Sheriff in 1932 and then retiring in 1958. Our previous Los Angeles County Sheriff, Sherman Block, entered the department as a Deputy Sheriff in 1956 and continued up through the ranks until he was appointed by the Board of Supervisors to succeed Sheriff Peter Pitchess in 1982. In June 1982, Sheriff Block was elected to a full four year term as Sheriff of Los Angeles County.
In 1899, the first African American Deputy Sheriff, J.B. Loving, was hired by Sheriff William A. Hammel. In 1907, the Department purchased its first automobile for use by the Sheriff. Mrs. Margaret Q. Adams was sworn in as the first woman Deputy in the United States in 1912.
The first sub-stations were completed in 1924. They were the Florence (became Firestone Park Station in 1955) and East Los Angeles Stations. Two years later, the Vermont (became Lennox Station in 1948), Norwalk, Temple City and Newhall Stations were also completed, with the Altadena, Fairfax and San Dimas Stations completed within the next few years. The marked patrol car system was inaugurated and uniforms were adopted in 1932. Prior to this time, all Departmental personnel wore civilian clothes. The Sheriff's School of Instruction, now known as the Sheriff's Academy, was opened in 1935.
After World War II.
1963 -After 179 years of private police patrol, Catalina Island contracted with Los Angeles county. Men's Central Jail was completed. Sybil Brand Institute for Women was completed.
1964 -City of Industry Station was completed. The "Sky Knight" helicopter patrol was initiated in 1966.
1970 -Special Enforcement and Emergency Services Bureau facilities were completed.
1972 -Automated Index System was initiated with instant access to criminal records and fingerprints from other justice agencies and summary probation sentences from county courts. Santa Clarita Valley Station was dedicated, replacing the old Newhall Station.
1973 -Communications Center began operations with computerized high speed dispatch facilities.
1981 -First full-time female law enforcement helicopter pilot in the nation's history.
1982 -For the first time in over 23 years, a new Sheriff, Sherman Block, was given the oath of office.
1988 - Beretta 9 mm semi-automatic pistol became the Department's official sidearm. Gang Enforcement Team (G.E.T.) was created.
1989 - Department began transmitting radio calls on new portable 480 Radio Systems. Sheriff's Museum dedicated.
1990 - Transit Service Bureau formed. North County Correctional Center dedicated by President George H. W. Bush and Sheriff Block.
1991 - Office of Professional and Ethical Standards created. Mobile Digital Communication System dedicated. Lost Hills Station dedicated.
1992 - Metro Vice Bureau created. Palmdale Station dedicated. Risk Management Bureau created.
1993 - Universal City Substation opened (formerly located in a trailer). Professional Standards & Training Division created. Biscailuz Center closed. Hall of Justice Jail closed. Headquarters moved to Monterey Park. Mira Loma Jail Facility closed.
1994 - Marshal's Department merged with Sheriff's Department. Lynwood Regional Justice Center dedicated.
1995 - Construction completed on $373 million Twin Towers Correctional Facility.
1996 - Lancaster Sheriff's Station dedicated. First Regional Civilian Academy graduation ceremony.
1997 - Consolidation of Custody Divisions North and South into a single Custody Division. Twin Towers Correctional Facility Grand Opening. Restoration of Pico Rivera Station to full service. Mira Loma Detention Center re-opened to house Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) detainees. 
As of December 31, 1995, a total of 2,557,754 citizens in an area of received direct law enforcement from the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department.
With 8,028 sworn personnel and 4,377 civilian employees (as of December 1, 1996), the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department is the largest Sheriff's Department in the world.
1998 - On December 7 Leroy D. Baca was sworn in as Los Angeles County’s 30th Sheriff. Sheriff Baca commands the largest Sheriff’s Department in the world and supervises more than 13,000 sworn personnel and professional staff.
1999 - Creation of the Deputy Leadership Institute, Asian Crime Task Force, and Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) Bureau. Expanded the Vital Intervention and Directional Alternatives (VIDA) program, the Town Sheriff program, and other mentoring programs. Opened the Biscailuz Recovery Center and restored the San Dimas and Marina Del Rey Stations to full-service status. Formed the LASD Charitable Committee, a year-long program to fund the first-ever float in the Tournament of Roses Parade and to raise funds for the Department’s youth programs. Scientific Services Bureau is now using the most advanced DNA testing procedure utilizing STR (short tandem repeats) technology. STR technology enables personnel to conduct “cold searches” from biological evidence collected at crime scenes to identify possible suspects.
2000 - After 44 years of being one of six contract cities being serviced from Lakewood Station, the City of Cerritos became under autonomous command and began law enforcement services from their new Cerritos Station. On September 17, the City of Compton began contracting services with the Sheriff’s Department. The Community Transition Unit was established to provide inmates with the tools and life-skills to successfully reintegrate into the community. Scientific Services Bureau had three cold hits and zero case-to-case hit using CODIS (Combined DNA Indexing System).
2001 - A new Mobile Recruitment Center was put into service, allowing personnel to administer entrance examinations for prospective deputy sheriffs at community events, college campuses, and job fairs. Formalization of the Department’s 30-year strategic plan, known as LASD2. Establishment of the Office of Independent Review, which oversees internal investigations and citizen complaints. The security and law enforcement services for nine campuses of the Los Angeles Community College District became part of the Sheriff’s Department and became the Community College Bureau. Creation of the Hate Crimes Unit and In-Court Release Program. Scientific Services Bureau had six cold hits and one case-to-case hits using CODIS.
2002 - Formation of the Office of Homeland Security, this Division will be responsible for the coordinated strategy of preparedness for Los Angeles County’s first responders. The Sheriff’s Communications Center was remodeled. Los Angeles Sheriff’s Department University (LASDU) was created making educational opportunities available for Department personnel. Scientific Services Bureau had nine cold hits and four case-to-case hits using CODIS.
2003 - The contract for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) was expanded to include the entire transit system, making the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department the second largest transit policing agency in the nation. Aero Bureau received shipment on seven new American Eurocopter A-STAR helicopters to upgrade the Bureau’s aging fleet. Cargo Criminal Apprehension Team (Cargo CATs) was resurrected by funding provided by the City of Los Angeles Port and the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors. A new Emergency Services Detail rescue boat was provided by special grant funding from the California State Department of Boating and Waterways, and motors donated by Honda Motor Corporation. Five new search and rescue equipment trucks were obtained with drug asset forfeiture funds. A new bomb detection canine “Simba” was gifted to the Department by the Foundation to Combat Terrorism and Transnational Crime. Scientific Services Bureau had 29 cold hits and 18 case-to-case hits using CODIS.
2004 - The Rowland Heights Service Center was opened to better serve the community. A new neighborhood Sheriff’s Office was opened for business in the Athens area of unincorporated Los Angeles. Compton Sheriff’s Station received a free refurbishment from the television show “Monster House.” Scientific Services Bureau had 61 cold hits and 18 case-to-case hits using CODIS.
2005 - Construction began on the new state-of-the art Los Angeles Regional Crime Laboratory which will be located on the California State University, Los Angeles campus. Scientific Services Bureau to date has 24 cold hits and 10 case-to-case hits using CODIS.
2006 - In July, The Joint Regional Intelligence Center (JRIC) opened its doors to coordinate the tracking and dissemination of counter-Terrorism information. the Terrorism Early Warning (TEW) group, in a concerted effort with the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Los Angeles Police Department, will filter tips received regarding possible terrorist activities. this proactive effort will undeniably benefit the Southland in identifying threats, following leads, and ultimately preventing attacks in the Southland

</doc>
<doc id="18636243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636243" title="Subtle">
Subtle

Subtle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18636252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636252" title="Christoph Hein">
Christoph Hein

Christoph Hein (born 8 April 1944) is a German author and translator.
He grew up in the village Bad Düben near Leipzig. Being a clergyman's son and thus not allowed to attend the Erweiterte Oberschule in the GDR, he received secondary education at a gymnasium in the western part of Berlin. After his Abitur he jobbed inter alia as assembler, bookseller and assistant director. From 1967 to 1971 Hein studied philosophy in Leipzig and Berlin. Upon graduation he became dramatic adviser at the Volksbühne in Berlin, where he worked as a resident writer from 1974. Since 1979 Hein has worked as a freelance writer.
Hein first became known for his 1982 novella "Der fremde Freund" ("The Distant Lover").
From 1998 to 2000 Hein was the first president of the pan-German PEN-Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18636265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636265" title="Nassau County Sports Hall of Fame">
Nassau County Sports Hall of Fame

The Nassau County Sports Hall of Fame honors elite athletes who have roots in Nassau County, New York. The Hall of Fame presentation takes places at the Nassau County Sports Commission "Salute to Champions" Awards Dinner annually every April. 

</doc>
<doc id="18636312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636312" title="The Spike (essay)">
The Spike (essay)

"The Spike" is a 1931 essay by George Orwell in which he details his experience staying overnight in the casual ward of a workhouse (colloquially known as a "spike") near London. This episode in Orwell's life took place while he was intentionally living as a vagrant in and around London as part of the social experiment that would form the basis of his first book "Down and Out in Paris and London". The events of this essay are also found in that book, though the essay is not reprinted verbatim in the book.
Orwell was in Paris in August 1929 when he first sent a copy of "The Spike" to the "New Adelphi" magazine. The "New Adelphi" was a London periodical which was owned by John Middleton Murry. Murry had released editorial control to Sir Richard Rees and Max Plowman, and it was Plowman who accepted the work for publication. However, various revisions were required, and the work did not appear in print until April 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="18636338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636338" title="Rugby Clube de Oeiras">
Rugby Clube de Oeiras

Rugby Clube de Oeiras, commonly known as RCO, is a rugby team based in Oeiras, Portugal. They currently play in the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby II Divisão (the third division of the Portuguese National Championship). The senior team usually plays their home matches at the rugby complex at the Estádio Nacional (National Stadium). RCO's biggest sporting achievement came in the 2002/2003 season, when they were crowned champions of what was then the old format of the National Second Division B. As of August 2012 RCO finished 5th overall in the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby II Divisão, the best ranking the team has ever achieved in its history. Rugby Clube de Oeiras also finished 5th in the Torneio Nacional de Sevens, the 2nd division equivalent of the national Seven's tournament. The club is of September 2012 preparing its 2012/13 season which starts in October.

</doc>
<doc id="18636341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636341" title="Conrado Cabrera">
Conrado Cabrera

Conrado Adalberto Cabrera Marrero (born April 24, 1967) is a retired male track cyclist from Cuba. Cabrera represented his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He also claimed two bronze medals at the Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18636354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636354" title="Ernest Oberholtzer">
Ernest Oberholtzer

Ernest Carl Oberholtzer (February 6, 1884 – June 6, 1977) was an American explorer, author and conservationist.
Nicknamed "Ober", he was born and raised in Davenport, Iowa, but he lived most of his adult life in Minnesota. Oberholtzer attended Harvard University and received a bachelor of arts degree, but left after one year of graduate study in landscape architecture. He made his first trip to the Minnesota-Ontario border lakes in 1906.
In 1909 he took his first extended canoe voyage through the border lakes and the Rainy Lake watershed, traveling 3,000 miles that summer. During the period from 1908 to 1915, Oberholtzer wrote a number of articles and short stories, some under the penname Ernest Carliowa. Many of the stories and articles were based on his canoe trip experiences. In 1913, Oberholtzer moved to Rainy Lake. He purchased Mallard Island in 1922; the tiny island would be his home for more than 50 years.
After plans were announced by business mogul Edward Backus to construct a series of dams to harness the Rainy Lake watershed for power generation, Oberholtzer spoke in opposition at a hearing of the International Joint Commission held at International Falls in September 1925. As a result of meetings with Minneapolis businessmen who were similarly opposed to industrialization of the area, the Quetico-Superior Council was formed in 1928. Oberholtzer served as its first president. His activities for the council included lobbying United States Congress and the Minnesota legislature, testifying before the International Joint Commission and building public support for the council's program. In 1934, President Franklin D. Roosevelt created the President's Quetico-Superior Committee to advise and coordinate government activity concerning the Quetico-Superior area. Oberholtzer was its first chairman, and served as a member until 1968.
Oberholtzer was one of the eight founding members of The Wilderness Society and served on its executive council from 1937 until 1967. His addition to The Wilderness Society lent national stature to the group. In addition to his wilderness campaigning, he spoke fluent Ojibwe and was a fervent student of their culture. He never married and died in 1977 after a long period of ill health.
Oberholtzer is recognized today as a leading advocate for the preservation of the Quetico-Superior lake area, as well as an advocate of the Native American culture in that region. The Minneapolis "Star Tribune" selected Oberholtzer as one of the 100 Most Influential Minnesotans of the 20th century.
Exhibition.
An exhibit of Oberholtzer's photographs was held at the Mabee-Gerrer Museum of Art. The exhibit included images displaying his relationship with the Ojibwa and their lifestyle. One section of the exhibition detailed in photograph the process of harvesting and preparing wild rice. "Traditions: Ernest Oberholtzer's Photographs of the Rainy Lake Ojibwa" ran from May 4 to June 30, 2013.Bold text

</doc>
<doc id="18636355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636355" title="Wade Askew House">
Wade Askew House

The Wade Askew House is a historic residence in Mobile, Alabama, United States. It was built in 1927 in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12, 1991. It is a part of the Spanish Revival Residences in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="18636364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636364" title="Thai football league system">
Thai football league system

Current System.
"Current system in use since 2009
Former system.
Before 1996 season.
Before the top level of Thai football league, Thai Premier League was constituted in 1996, the "Football Royal Cup" was the football competitions of Thailand at that time.
The Thailand football competition system before 1996 is listed below:
1916-1962 seasons.
In 1916, Football Association of Thailand was found Yai Cup (ถ้วยใหญ่) and Noi Cup (ถ้วยน้อย) for the purpose of annual football competitions in Thailand.
1963-1995 seasons.
in 1963, Because of the abundant football clubs in Thailand then the Football Association of Thailand changed the name of Yai Cup (ถ้วยใหญ่) to the Kor Royal Cup (ถ้วย ก.) and changed the name of Noi Cup (ถ้วยน้อย) to the Khǒr Royal Cup (ถ้วย ข.) and added the Khor Royal Cup (ถ้วย ค.) and the Ngor Royal Cup (ถ้วย ง.) to the Football Royal Cup competitions.
1996-2008 seasons.
1996-1998 seasons.
In 1996 season, The Thai Premier League, The top level of football league was constituted by Football Association of Thailand rather than Kor Royal Cup. and FAT also found Division 1 League in the next season (1997).
The Thailand football league system in 1996-1998 season before Division 2 League and Provincial League was created is listed below:
1999-2006 seasons.
In 1999 season, Provincial League was found by the Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT) for this reason, There are two separate football league competition in Thailand in the meantime.
Although there are two separate leagues in Thailand, only the winner and runner-up from the Thai Premier League, which is controlled by Football Association of Thailand, are eligible to play in AFC Champions League and AFC Cup respectively.
In 2006 season, the winner and runner-up of the Provincial League, Chonburi FC and Suphanburi FC began the practice of moving to play in the Thai Premier League. And also in this season, Division 2 League was found by the Football Association of Thailand.
The proposed merger of the Provincial League and Thai Premier League into one entity, though supported by the The Football Association of Thailand, had been attempted several times without success. Finally, in January 2007, the FAT announced a merge that would make the Provincial League a part of the Thai Premier League.
The Thailand football league system in 1999-2006 season before combined the Thai Premier League and Provincial League together in 2007 is listed below:
2007-2008 seasons.
In 2007 Season Division 1 was divided into two groups (22 Clubs) and then, In 2008 Season Division 2 also was divided into two groups. Until 2009 Season, The number of teams from all leagues in High division will consist of 16 clubs.
However in 2009 Season, FAT need to develop Thai football league system and specify quality of the team in high-division for conform to AFC regulation. Consequently, they determine to adjust the Division 2 competition form by combine it with Provincial League and divide Division 2 league to 5 region (Bangkok and perimeter, Central and Eastern, Northern, North-Eastern and Southern).
The Thailand football league system in 2007-2008 season before combined Division 2 League and Provincial League together in 2009 is listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="18636380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636380" title="Torrey Pines Gliderport">
Torrey Pines Gliderport

The Torrey Pines Gliderport is a city-owned private-use glider airport located 11 nautical miles (20 km) northwest of the central business district of San Diego, a city in San Diego County, California, United States.
It was first established as a soaring site in 1930 and is the home to hang gliding, paragliding, radio-controlled model sailplanes, and full-scale man-carrying sailplanes. It is listed as a National Landmark of Soaring of the National Soaring Museum, a San Diego City Historical Site (#315), a Model Aviation Landmark of the Academy of Model Aeronautics (#1 in the nation), and is listed on the California Register of Historic Places, and the National Register of Historic Places. It is considered by glider enthusiasts of all types to be the "Kitty Hawk of the West."
Full-scale sailplanes are operated by the Associated Glider Clubs of Southern California (AGCSC), only during special permit windows between February and April, while models, hang gliders, and paragliders fly any time the wind permits. The local Flight Director and Concessionaire maintains and enforces safety rules to protect both pilots and spectators.
History.
The Torrey Pines cliffs have featured soaring aircraft since the 1930s with many famous aviators earning their wings on the strong ocean breezes. 
Many aviation pioneers flew at Torrey Pines. Charles A. Lindbergh flew along the coast from Mt. Soledad to Del Mar in a Bowlus sailplane on February 24, 1930. Woody Brown was the first to launch from the top of the Torrey Pines cliff and come back to land at the same place when he did so in 1936. Other notables include Hawley Bowlus, Bud Perl, Bill Beuby, John Robinson, Dick Essery, Bill Ivans, Helen Dick, Richard Johnson, and Paul MacCready.
During World War II, the gliderport and its surrounds were transformed into U.S. Army Camp Callan, an anti-aircraft artillery training facility. 
The site has been the location of several national and international soaring records since 1946.
Location.
The Torrey Pines Gliderport is located on the scenic cliffs above Black's Beach, next to the Salk Institute for Biological Studies. From the gliderport you can see spectacular views of the Pacific Ocean and La Jolla, San Diego, California. Nearby is the Torrey Pines Municipal Golf Course, Torrey Pines State Beach, Torrey Pines State Reserve, Scripps Institution of Oceanography and the University of California, San Diego. The popular trail to the clothing optional Black's Beach begins on the cliffs just south of the gliderport.
Facilities.
Torrey Pines Gliderport has one runway designated 9/27 with a 1,500 by 30 ft (457 x 9 m) highly eroded asphalt surface. The runway is on property owned by the University of California, San Diego, while the rest of the gliderport is owned by the city of San Diego. 
The Torrey Pines Gliderport offers paragliding and hang gliding lessons and tandem flights. 
Sandwiches, snacks, and drinks can be purchased from the Cliff Hanger Cafe.

</doc>
<doc id="18636402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636402" title="Marcos Mazzaron">
Marcos Mazzaron

Marcos Mazzaron (born November 5, 1963) is a retired road bicycle racer and track cyclist from Brazil.
Mazzaron represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984. He also won the silver medal in the Men's Individual Race Race (171 km) at the 1987 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18636405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636405" title="George Levy House">
George Levy House

The George Levy House is a historic residence in Mobile, Alabama, United States. It was built in 1927 in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12, 1991. It is a part of the Spanish Revival Residences in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="18636411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636411" title="DRG Class 43">
DRG Class 43

The German locomotives of DRG Class 43 were standard (see "Einheitsdampflokomotive") goods train engines with the Deutsche Reichsbahn.
This was the second class that was built on the "Einheitslok" principle. According to the first classification scheme of the DR's Standardisation Bureau, 2-10-0 goods train locomotives were to be procured with a 20 ton axle load. To achieve this a two-cylinder class (the Class 43) and a three-cylinder class (the Class 44) were envisaged, because it was not yet known which configuration would be more economical. Ten examples of each class were procured in parallel. The Class 43 was supplied by Henschel and by Schwartzkopff.
In trials it was discovered that the Class 43 was more economical to operate at powers under 1500 PSi. As a result, a further 25 examples of the 43 were ordered up to 1928. However, due to the increase in goods train speeds in the 1930s, the Class 44 was given priority thereafter because, in addition to its economy when running at higher speeds and the better running qualities of its three-cylinder driving gear, it was also cleared for running at up to 80 km/h.
As a result no more Class 43s were ordered.
In the literature statements are often found that the locomotive was not sufficiently powerful overall. In response to that, number 43 013 was loaded for testing purposes with a train of 5000 tons - that is more than twice that given in the haulage tables - and headed it without complaint. In doing so, 43 013 is a record holder. Never before or since has any German locomotive hauled such a load.
The Class 43s, which had operating numbers 43 001 - 43 035, all remained with the DR in East Germany after the Second World War. In 1960, the remaining engines were once again modernised, the powerful boiler even enabled goods trains greater than the maximum allowable load to be hauled. This led, however, to frame damage, that the Reichsbahn could not repair. So the machines were rapidly retired, the last one being taken out of service in 1968 at Cottbus locomotive depot. Locomotive 43 001 became a museum locomotive and belongs to the Dresden Transport Museum, but is presently in the Saxon Railway Museum, a former home depot of the Class 43.
The engines of this class were equipped with a 2'2' T 32 tender.

</doc>
<doc id="18636425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636425" title="Capitalist Piglet">
Capitalist Piglet

Capitalist Piglet was a comic strip which appeared briefly in "The Sheaf" during 2005-2006, and is best known for a controversial installment depicting Jesus Christ performing fellatio on a cartoon pig.
Creation.
The strip was a collaboration between cartoonist Mark Watson (aka Marq) and Jeff MacDonald (aka Y!ph) and appeared infrequently in The Sheaf, the University of Saskatchewan students' newspaper.
Controversy.
Background.
In the February 22, 2006, issue of "The Sheaf", pages B1-B4 of the issue were devoted to several lengthy opinion articles and letters addressing the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy. "The Sheaf" editor-in-chief, Will Robbins, wrote a 1,000-word editorial prefacing the other opinions outlining the reasons behind "The Sheaf"'s editorial decision not to publish any of the controversial cartoons. Robbins also indicated that the decision not to publish any of the cartoons was not unanimous among the editorial staff. Indeed, in response to this decision "The Sheaf" news editor, Jeremy Warren, resigned from the paper. The nuanced journalistic position Robbins staked for "The Sheaf" was brought into question just one week later by the appearance of a controversial instalment of the Capitalist Piglet cartoon.
The March 2 issue.
In the March 2, 2006, issue of "The Sheaf", a two-panel installment of the comic strip appeared in the paper's "Comics and Humour" section depicting Jesus Christ performing fellatio on a top-hatted, monocle-wearing "Capitalist Piglet". The punchline in the second-panel refers to Jewish food-preparation traditions. The cartoon therefore appears to imply that Christianity is a tool of Capitalism.
The comic had been scanned and laid-out into the newspaper's publication software by the graphics editor. The editor-in-chief reviewed the first draft of the paper and marked the Capitalist Piglet comic for deletion from the issue. It is in dispute whether or not he also verbally instructed the graphics editor to remove it or not; regardless the comic was not removed. The issue went through several more revisions before going to print without the offending comic being withdrawn. The editor-in-chief later claimed this was a mistake and due in part to a staff shortage (ostensibly aggravated by the above-mentioned resignation of the news editor).
In a retraction posted on page A2 of the March 9, 2006, issue, "The Sheaf" stated that Mark Watson was not an author of the March 2, 2006, Capitalist Piglet cartoon. In a letter appearing in that same issue, Mark Watson explained that his colleague, Y!ph, added his name to the installment "because he was using my character". In the same issue, Jeff MacDonald accepted full responsibility for authoring the comic.
Public reaction.
On March 3, 2006, University of Saskatchewan President Peter MacKinnon distributed an e-mail to all university staff and students calling on "The Sheaf" to apologize.
The Saskatoon daily newspaper, "The StarPhoenix", published several stories about the incident, beginning on March 11, 2006.
Several Rawlco radio stations also picked up the story, in particular its Saskatchewan AM Radio Talk News stations CKOM and CJME. Morning talk-show personality, and former Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament, John Gormley, called on listeners to file a complaint with the Saskatchewan Human Rights Commission.
The comic was reported by other media, including the local CTV station. It gathered national media attention as well, and was heavily debated on many blogs, including the popular Saskatchewan blog Small Dead Animals. Canadian University Press also ran a wire story detailing the situation.
Numerous letters, both supporting and attacking "The Sheaf" were published in its subsequent March 9, 2006, issue on pages A11-A15.
Actions by "The Sheaf".
Shortly after the March 2 edition came out in print, the "Comics and Humour" section - including the offending comic - was removed from the "The Sheaf"'s online version.
According to Robbins' comments in a "Star Phoenix" article, he was invited to a Sunday meeting at "The Sheaf" and informed that all the other staff and editors had lost confidence in his ability to manage the paper and asked him to resign. Reluctantly Robbins resigned. Despite many letters of support for Robbins, "The Sheaf" Board of Directors accepted his resignation and appointed the production manager, Liam Richards, interim editor-in-chief and primary spokesperson during the controversy. In a press release, "The Sheaf" Board of Directors stated that "while the board is of the view that the 'Capitalist Piglet' comic is not consistent with "The Sheaf"'s objectives, nor its previous editorial policy, we wish to make clear that our acceptance of his resignation was based primarily on his failure to carry out his duties diligently."

</doc>
<doc id="18636435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636435" title="Miles Teves">
Miles Teves

Miles Teves (born 1963, Salinas, California) is a Hollywood artist and conceptual designer who works on television productions, films, and computer games.
Career.
Miles Teves did the technical art for the role-playing game, "SkyRealms of Jorune" (1984). Since then, his work has been more for the silver screen. Some of his credits include "Explorers", "RoboCop", "The Witches of Eastwick", "Total Recall", "Batman & Robin", "Hollow Man", "Spider-Man", ', "Reign of Fire", "Van Helsing", ', and "The Chronicles of Riddick".
He studied sculpture at the Art Center College of Design before being discovered by Rob Bottin who hired Teves to work on "Darkness" for "Legend". He has sculpted pieces as realistic as Tom Cruise's head for "" and as fantastical as Kong in" King Kong".
Some of his latest projects are "Little Fockers", which was released in December 2010, and "", which was released in May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18636442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636442" title="Mineral Springs Falls">
Mineral Springs Falls

Mineral Springs Falls is a 3 metre high cascade waterfall which flows year round on from Sulphur Creek in Ancaster, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. There's a fence beside it that gives off the impression that it lies on private property but is actually on the roadway allowance of Mineral Springs Road at Martins Road.
Nearby attractions include Dundas Valley Conservation Area, 40 kilometres of trails, Hermitage Ruins, Hermitage Cascade, Heritage Falls, Bruce Trail and Griffin House.
Directions.
Located on the "Mineral Springs Road" right-of-way at the intersection of "Martin Road" in Ancaster.
External links.
Maps.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18636454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636454" title="Ernest Megginson House">
Ernest Megginson House

The Ernest Megginson House is a historic residence in Mobile, Alabama, United States. It was built in 1927 in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12, 1991. It is a part of the Spanish Revival Residences in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="18636469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636469" title="J. E. Paterson House">
J. E. Paterson House

The J. E. Paterson House is a historic residence in Mobile, Alabama, United States. It was built in 1929 in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12, 1991. It is a part of the Spanish Revival Residences in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="18636477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636477" title="Go Ara">
Go Ara

Go Ara (, Hanja: 高雅羅; born February 11, 1990), often performing under the mononym Ara, is a South Korean actress, and model under talent agency, SM Entertainment. She debuted in the 2003 Korean television drama, "Sharp #1" as Lee Ok-lim.
Early life.
Go Ara, also called as Go Ah Ra, was born in Jinju, South Gyeongsang, South Korea. At a young age, she constantly moved around Korea because her father was a soldier. When she was in junior high, she was recommended by a friend to audition for SM Entertainment. In 2003, she became the winner of the SM Entertainment Teen Model Contest. After joining SM Entertainment, she began to train with the other trainees under the same company in areas of acting, singing, and dancing.
Career.
Television.
Ara was chosen to be play the female lead, Lee Ok-lim, in the 2003 KBS teen drama, "Sharp #1", acting alongside Lee Eun-sung, Kim Shi-hoo, and Yoo Ah-in. In 2005, she was once again chosen to reprise her role as Lee in the sequel of "Sharp #1", "Sharp #2", this time starring alongside Super Junior members Kim Kibum and Kim Heechul, both labelmates with Ara, as well as Lee Eun-sung.
Ara's breakthrough performance was in the 2006 SBS drama, "Snow Flower", where she starred alongside Kim Kibum, Kim Hee-ae, and Lee Jae-ryong. Go's character, Yoo Da-mi, was rebellious and ambitious, winning her important recognitions in acting awards the following year.
Two years later, she was cast in the 2008 MBC "Who Are You?" where she acted alongside with Yoon Kye-sang. This drama drew in many international fans as well as creating multiple fan bases. The following year, she was cast in the 2009 MBC "Heading to the Ground" with popular idol member Jung Yunho from DBSK. She was specially called for this role after Director Park Sung-soo favored her for the role of Kang Hae-bin more than any other actress.
In 2013, Ara captured popularity in the nostalgic campus drama "Reply 1994". While many doubted her acting when the casting first announced, they were praising Go Ara’s performance by series’ end. 
She will start in new SBS police drama "You're All Surrounded" alongside Lee Seung-Gi in May 2014.
Film.
Ara's first film was the Japanese film, "", which aired in Japan in March 2007, and Hong Kong in April 2007. She stars as Mistress Khulan, the mistress of Genghis Khan after being picked from more than 40,000 auditions. The movie was reported as the most expensive movie Japan ever made. Her next film, "Subaru", is a Japanese film produced by filmworkers from Japan, China, and Korea, which hit cinemas in 2009.
In 2011, Ara made domestic debut via Pacemaker, her co-stars were: Kim Myung-min and Ahn Sung-ki.. In 2012, she was nominated Best New Actress for roles Ji Woo in Pacemaker at the 49th Grand Bell Awards, and June in Papa at the 33th Blue Dragon Film Awards.
Modeling.
Since her debut, Ara had been a popular subject for modeling. She has been a popular model to endorse "SK Telecom", "Elite Uniforms", and lately, cosmetics. In 2008, she filmed a commercial with actor Jang Keun-suk for Etude House.
In 2011, Ara was chosen as new muse of Lirikos.

</doc>
<doc id="18636484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636484" title="FC Dnipro-2 Dnipropetrovsk">
FC Dnipro-2 Dnipropetrovsk

Football Club Dnipro-2 Dnipropetrovsk () is the reserve team of Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk.
History.
The club initially competed in the Dnipropetrovsk Oblast competition as FC Dnipro-2 Dnipropetrovsk .
In 1997 the club was entered into the professional leagues to compete in the Second League.
In 2004 when the PFL organised a competition for reserve teams of Premier League clubs the club moved into that competition.
In 2010 the club was entered as Dnipro's third team in the professional leagues as Dnipro-2.

</doc>
<doc id="18636490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636490" title="Arthur VanderSys House">
Arthur VanderSys House

The Arthur VanderSys House is a historic residence in Mobile, Alabama, United States. It was built in 1926 in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12, 1991. It is a part of the Spanish Revival Residences in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="18636493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636493" title="2008 World Junior Wrestling Championships">
2008 World Junior Wrestling Championships

The 2008 World Junior Wrestling Championships was held in İstanbul, Turkey, from July 29 to August 4, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18636503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636503" title="Jacob VanderSys House">
Jacob VanderSys House

The Jacob VanderSys House is a historic residence in Mobile, Alabama, United States. It was built in 1927 in the Spanish Colonial Revival and Mission Revival styles. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12, 1991. It is a part of the Spanish Revival Residences in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="18636512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636512" title="Joseph M. Walker House">
Joseph M. Walker House

The Joseph M. Walker House is a historic residence in Mobile, Alabama, United States. It was built in 1927 in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12, 1991. It is a part of the Spanish Revival Residences in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="18636522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636522" title="Bahrain Financial Harbour">
Bahrain Financial Harbour

Bahrain Financial Harbour (commonly abbreviated as BFH) is a large-scale commercial development project in Manama, the capital of Bahrain.
The commercial complex is located next to the King Faisal Highway, near many popular landmarks such as the Bahrain World Trade Center, Abraj Al Lulu, and the National Bank of Bahrain. The majority of the project is being constructed on reclaimed land. The BFH project consists of multiple "construction phases" such as:
The two tallest twin-towers ("Commercial East" and "Commercial West") are currently listed as the tallest completed towers in Bahrain, with a height of with 53 floors.
Tenants.
East Tower

</doc>
<doc id="18636535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636535" title="Wojciech Krauze">
Wojciech Krauze


</doc>
<doc id="18636536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636536" title="Watkin Williams (bishop)">
Watkin Williams (bishop)

Watkin Herbert Williams (22 August 1845 – 19 November 1944) was Dean of St Asaph from 1892 to 1899. and Bishop of Bangor from 1899 to 1925. 
Williams was educated at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford and ordained in 1871. He was vicar of Bodelwyddan from 1872 to 1892 and Archdeacon of St Asaph from 1889 to 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="18636542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636542" title="William Lewis Elkin">
William Lewis Elkin

William Louis Elkin (April 29, 1855–May 30, 1933) was an American astronomer.
He was born in New Orleans to Jane and Lewis Elkin, one of five children but the only one to survive to adulthood. Following the death of her husband in 1867, Jane travelled abroad for the following seventeen years, taking along William. As a result of a broad education, he learned to speak fluently in German and French, and acquired a basic understanding of Italian and Spanish. He also received a broad knowledge of music from many nations,
and would retain a deep love of music for the remainder of his life.
He became seriously ill in 1870, possibly from dysentery, and thereafter he would suffer health problems for the remainder of his life. In 1872 he joined the Royal Polytechnic School in Stuttgart, Germany, where he studied civil engineering, graduating in 1876. While at school, however, he gained an interest in astronomy and decided to make that his life's work. After graduation, he spent four years working at the Observatory of Strasbourg. In 1880 he was awarded a Ph.D. from the University of Strasbourg, with a dissertation on the parallax of Alpha Centauri.
A year before Elkin left Strassburg, he had a meeting with the directory of the Cape Observatory, David Gill. The two men became fast friends and Gill extended Elkin an invitation to Cape Town. Dr. Elkin sailed for South Africa in December, 1880, arriving in 1881. While at the observatory, Gill and Elkin collaborated to measure stellar parallaxes. Their
efforts were noted for their particular accuracy, at least for that time period, and elimination of systematic errors. After studying the parallax of several first magnitude stars, Elkin made measurements of the Pleiades, followed by some northern stars. In subsequent years, Gill and Elkin also performed parallax measurements of selected asteroids.
In 1896 he married Catharine Adams, although the couple would not have any children. The same year Dr. Elkin became the director of Yale Observatory. After a lengthy record of observations lasting about fifteen years, he retired at age 55, suffering from ill health.

</doc>
<doc id="18636571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636571" title="William C. Bill">
William C. Bill

William Cogswell Bill (January 10, 1828 – 1903) was a farmer, conveyancer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Kings County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1878 to 1882 and from 1886 to 1890 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Billtown, Nova Scotia, the son of Caleb Rand Bill and Rebecca Cogswell, and educated at the Horton Academy in Wolfville. In 1853, he married Ethelinda A. Dodge; after his first wife's death, he married her sister Arabella in 1864. Bill was also a justice of the peace. He was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="18636587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636587" title="Pat Benatar Ultimate Collection">
Pat Benatar Ultimate Collection

Pat Benatar Ultimate Collection is a compilation album by rock singer Pat Benatar, released in 2008. The 2-CD and digital collection features 40 classic and signature songs, including 20 top 40 chart hits. Some of the songs include "Heartbreaker", "Love Is a Battlefield", "Hit Me with Your Best Shot", "Fire and Ice", "Invincible", and "We Belong".
Benatar toured more than 40 cities across North America in 2008, performing her top hits and fan favorites.

</doc>
<doc id="18636601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636601" title="Enrique Campos">
Enrique Campos

Enrique Campos (born January 7, 1961) is a retired road bicycle racer from Venezuela. He represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984. Campos also won the bronze medal in the Men's Individual Race Race (171 km) at the 1987 Pan American Games. He was nicknamed “El Águila” during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18636605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636605" title="Etiamsi omnes, ego non">
Etiamsi omnes, ego non

It is the motto of the family of Clermont-Tonnerre; the title of a poem by Ernest Myers and the inscription on the tombstone of Italian philosopher Giuseppe Rensi. It is also the motto of the Italian army's C.O.F.S special unit.
A variant is ', as written on the door of Philipp von Boeselager's home, highlighting the necessity of maintaining one's own opinion and moral judgment, even in the face of a differing view held by the majority (in particular, it refers to von Boeselager's dissent and resistance against Hitler during the Nazi dictatorship). The last part of the phrase, in its German translation, is the title of an autobiographical work of Joachim Fest: '.

</doc>
<doc id="18636608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636608" title="1963 American Football League Draft">
1963 American Football League Draft

The 1963 American Football League Draft took place on December 1, 1962. The Kansas City Chiefs drafted as the Dallas Texans in this draft, as their relocation would take place a few months later.

</doc>
<doc id="18636615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636615" title="Mu Alpha Phi">
Mu Alpha Phi

Mu Alpha Phi (MAΦ) is a sorority established in Puerto Rico on October 24, 1927. 
History.
The sorority was established in the University of Puerto Rico, Río Piedras campus on October, 1927. The founding sister were: Carmen Rosa Janer, Laura Muñoz, Emma Colón, Aida González, María Padial, Carmen Belén Cruz, Alicia Rivero, Luz Vilá, María Luisa Márquez, Luz Vilariño, Georgina Pastor, Mercedes Fernández, Ramona Santana, Ligia Noya, María Antonieta Delgado, Laura Cesteros, Blanca Martorell, Dolores Gutiérrez de Arroyo, Encarnación Rodríguez, Celia Machese, Sofía Oronoz, Josefina Gutiérrez, Sara Irizarry, María Inés Dávila and Ana María Santana. Since many sisters were graduating by 1930 the need for an alumni chapter was evident, thus the "Capitulo Pasivo" was founded; this chapter is now called Zona Alpha Alumnae.
By September 13, 1946 the Beta chapter was established at the College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico. The first Beta sisters were Delia González, Maita Bravo, Andreita Martínez and Rochie Sabater. As a result of the Beta chapter the Río Piedras university chapter came to be called Alpha and the "Capitulo Pasivo" came to be called Alpha Alumnae.
In June 1950, sorority sisters at Universidad Católica de Santa María, later called Pontificia Universidad Catolica de Puerto Rico, organized the Gamma Chapter, its first president was Betty Zapater de McConnie. The chapter was officially recognized by University Authorities by November 1955. By the early sixties sisters at the Inter American University at San Germán organized the Delta Chapter, it was led by Martita Mercado, Sally Zaragoza, Laira González Rigau and Berníe Pabón, among others.
Two years later Mu sisters led by Leila Padilla de Balaguer and Katherine Morell de Domínguez at Arecibo requested a charter; it was granted and thus the Epsilon chapter came to be. This chapter closed and was later re-opened in 1985. Since so many chapters were being created by 1950 a central governing body was created called "Honorable Consejo Supremo". Its first president was Judith Mercader de Sifre.
Two alumni chapters, Chi Alumni in Cabo Rojo and Gamma Alumnae in Ponce, were established; both chapters were closed. Nevertheless, Zonas were then established for sisters who had graduated, were married, or had other interests than those of the student sisters. The first "Zona" was established in Ponce by 1979 and called Zona Ponce. In San Juan the Alumni chapter was reopened as Zona Alpha Alumnae. By 1985, the Zona Beta was founded in Mayagüez and in 1989, the Zona Epsilon was founded in Arecibo. Furthermore, in 1993 Zona Phi Alpha was founded in San Juan and in 1995 the newest Zona was opened in San Germán: Zona Delta. The sorority now has many notable members such as Melissa Marty, winner of Nuestra Belleza Latina 2008, and Janina Irizarry, winner of Objetivo Fama, now a famous singer.

</doc>
<doc id="18636622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636622" title="32nd Battalion">
32nd Battalion

32nd Battalion or 32nd Infantry Battalion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18636675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636675" title="FK Mughan">
FK Mughan

FK Mughan Salyan () was an Azerbaijani football club, based in Salyan. The club reached the Azerbaijan Premier League for the first time in 2008-2009. The club was first promoted after FK Masallı withdrew for the 2008/09 season. On 31 October 2008, FK NBC Salyan changed its name to FK Mughan.
History.
Founded in 2007, FK Mughan played their first season in the First Division, A Grupu, under the name of FK NBC Salyan. Finishing First in this group, they were admitted to the Second stage of the season. The club failed to achieve promotion, finishing third in the group. However, FK Masallı withdrew for the 2008/09 season, so FK Mughan gained a spot in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
In the 2008/09 season, FK NBC Salyan changed their name in FK Mughan on 31 October 2008. Their first match in the Azerbaijan Premier League was against FK Qäbälä. They lost 4-1. Their first victory was in round 3. Against PFC Turan Tovuz they won with 3-1. Finishing the season on the 12th spot, FK Mughan had just enough points to stay clear of relegation.
In 2010–11 season, club finished 8th place but due sponsorship reasons, club is ruled out to participate in the next season and will be replaced by Simurq PFC.In 2012, club's owners announced that club will be dissolved and they will not be participating in Azerbaijan First Division.
Colours and crest.
FK Mughan's traditional kit is a white shirt with orange sides, white shorts with white socks. Their away kit is an orange with white sides.
FK Mughan's current logo contains jumping gazelles, which is the sign of swiftness, speed and agility in Azerbaijani folklore.

</doc>
<doc id="18636705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636705" title="Valley Morning Star">
Valley Morning Star

The Valley Morning Star, established in 1911, is an American newspaper published in Harlingen, Texas. In 1938, "The New York Times" reported on a printer's strike at the newspaper that was organized by the Typographical Union. In 1951, the newspaper was bought by Raymond C. Hoiles. In 2012, Freedom Communications papers in Texas were sold to AIM Media Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18636708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636708" title="Stock car racing in the United Kingdom">
Stock car racing in the United Kingdom

Stock car racing in the United Kingdom covers a number of different oval racing formulas. Unlike the USA, contact is allowed in UK stock car racing, that is, if you are unable to pass an opponent using speed alone, you are allowed to push or hit your opponent in order to pass. The degree of contact allowed varies between categories.
History.
Stock car racing was brought to Britain in 1954. Taking place on existing greyhound or speedway tracks, the cars were mostly road cars from the 1930s with locked rear axle differentials and added armour for contact racing. After the first couple of years custom-built cars began to appear eventually making the 'stock' car name something of a misnomer. Since the early days of stock car racing in Britain the sport has developed into many different classes. In addition, non-contact oval racing became known as Hot Rods, while the original kind of armoured road car used in the 1950s developed into banger racing.
Stock car formulas.
Stock car formulas are largely split into two organisations broadly based in the north and south, BriSCA and Spedeworth. 
BriSCA Formula 1 Stock Cars is the most sophisticated stock car formula, with a race-tuned V8 engine developing 650 bhp, quick-change axles and gearboxes and staggered chassis and braking setups for constant left turning. Large bumpers are mandatory and contact is encouraged to remove opponents. Smaller BriSCA Formula 2 Stock Cars, previously known as 'Junior Stock Cars', is also very popular. A downsized version of the Formula 1 Stock Car, these cars are powered by a 2-litre Ford Pinto engine. V8 Hotstox is a third BriSCA fromula that uses the Rover V8 engine.
Licensed and promoted by Spedeworth are Spedeworth Superstox. Superstox are similar to BriSCA Formula 2 Stock Cars with the main visual difference being a smaller wing on the roof. These cars are also powered by the 2-litre Ford Pinto engine. Spedeworth V8 Stock Cars are similar to Brisca Hotstox and use small-block 5-litre Chevrolet engines.
Stoxkarts are the smallest and probably the cheapest formula, running 13hp Honda engines. This formula is one of the only where more than one driver can use the same car in the same meeting.
Another form of UK stock car racing is National Saloon Stock Cars, regulated by the Saloon Stock Car Association. This formula is based on heavily armoured Ford Sierra, Ford Mondeo and Vauxhall Vectra cars purposely reconstructed for this full contact class. Other similar formulas are Spedeworth 2 Litre Stock Cars, Spedeworth 1300 Stock Cars and Ministox.
Hot Rods.
Hot Rods are a non-contact formula where the vehicles are based on road cars, or resemble road cars. The concept for the National series is similar to that of NASCAR. The NHRPA cars resemble production cars, but are in fact purpose built space frame chassis with a Kevlar body which mimics a production car. Other Hot Rod categories do make use of standard production body/chassis.
Classes include;-
National Hot Rods,
2 litre Hot Rods,
Stock Rods,
Lightning Rods,
Rookie Rods,
Junior Rods,
MASCAR
Other non-contact categories which might be included as Hot Rod classes are 
Legends,
Midgets
Bangers.
Bangers are production cars that are raced with modifications for safety, e.g. drivers doors are reinforced, roll over bars are added, windscreens are removed etc. The racing is full contact and very aggressive with 'wrecking' usually playing a more important role than 'racing'. That said this is not a Destruction Derby, although many banger meetings do end with one. 
Classes include;-
National Bangers,
2 Litre Bangers,
Rookie Bangers

</doc>
<doc id="18636727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636727" title="Lewis Lloyd (bishop)">
Lewis Lloyd (bishop)

Daniel Lewis Lloyd (23 November 1843 – 4 August 1899) was a schoolteacher and cleric.
Born in Llanarth, Ceredigion, Wales, Lloyd was educated at Lampeter College School and Jesus College, Oxford. He was, successively, the headmaster at Dolgelley Grammar School (1867–1872), Friars School, Bangor (1872–1878) and Christ College, Brecon (1878–1890). He was then appointed Bishop of Bangor, (1890–1898), the first Welsh-speaking bishop there for over 200 years.
Lloyd died in Llanarth, Cardiganshire aged 55 and is buried in St David's churchyard, Llanarth. He had married Elizabeth Margaret Lewis, daughter of the Reverend D. Lewis of Trawsfynydd; they had three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="18636735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636735" title="I.B Patel school">
I.B Patel school

I.B Patel school is located in the city of Vallabh Vidhyanagar or Vallabh Vidyanagar, also known as V.V Nagar in central Gujarat in the Anand district. It is run by Charutar Vidya Mandal (CVM). It was the first school in the region to offer education in English language, so its initial name was English Teaching School (E.T.S), which was latter changed to I.B Patel after receiving large amount of donation from the leading industrialist late Bhanu Patel, who owned and operated Elecon, an engineering company in this area.
Brief Description.
I. B. Patel English School comprises Kindergarten, Pre-Primary, Primary and Secondary section. In this school, maximum 240 students are accommodated in each class of 4 divisions.
[http://www.ecvm.net]

</doc>
<doc id="18636736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636736" title="Claudia Novelo">
Claudia Novelo

Claudia Novelo (born August 9, 1965) is a retired Mexican competitor in women's synchronized swimming. She represented her native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics, and claimed the bronze medal in duet at the 1983 Pan American Games in Caracas alongside Pilar Ramírez.

</doc>
<doc id="18636740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636740" title="Snežana Malović">
Snežana Malović

Snežana Malović (; ) (born September 10, 1976 in Belgrade, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian politician, former Minister of Justice in the Government of Serbia, and a former member of the Democratic Party.
She served as Deputy Secretary to the Ministry of Justice and Local Self-Administration from 2001 to 2002 and Private Secretary of the Minister of Justice and Local Self-Administration from 2002 to 2003. From 2004 to 2007, she was General Secretary of the War Crimes Prosecution Service.
Background.
Malović graduated from the University of Belgrade's Law School, after which she worked as a law clerk from 1999 to 2001. She passed bar examination in 2002 and became a post-graduate student of the Belgrade University Faculty of Law.
Malović is an author of numerous projects dealing with the judiciary. She participates in working groups drafting diverse legislation. In seminars and international conferences on international humanitarian law, war crimes in the region, her work is against corruption and organised crime and the public administration.
In November 2007, she was appointed State Secretary. On July 7, 2008, she was appointed Minister of Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="18636764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636764" title="Walls Is Beginning">
Walls Is Beginning

Walls Is Beginning is the first mini album released by Nico Touches the Walls in February 2, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18636768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636768" title="Kurunthancode">
Kurunthancode

Kurunthancode is a block or Panchayat Union of Kanyakumari district, India. It is one of the nine administrative divisions of the district of Kanyakumari. The present President of the Kurunthancode Panchayat is P. Lawrence. It includes the following Village Panchayats,

</doc>
<doc id="18636773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636773" title="Chick Fulmer">
Chick Fulmer

Charles John "Chick" Fulmer (February 12, 1851–February 15, 1940), was a Major League Baseball player who played shortstop from -. He played for the Rockford Forest Citys, New York Mutuals, Philadelphia White Stockings, Louisville Grays, Buffalo Bisons, Cincinnati Red Stockings, and St. Louis Browns. His brother, Washington Fulmer also played professional baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="18636786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636786" title="Western Knife Company">
Western Knife Company

The Western Knife Company was a manufacturer of hunting knives which began operations in Boulder, Colorado in 1896. The company is probably best known for its "Bowie" style hunting knives. The company was purchased by Coleman (the famous manufacturer of outdoor equipment). Camillus Cutlery Company purchased Western from Coleman. In February, 2007, Camillus closed as a result of bankruptcy due to the harsh competition from companies making cheaper knives in other countries. The Western brand and Camillus brand are now owned by the Acme-United group and manufactured in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="18636792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636792" title="Sylvie Tellier">
Sylvie Tellier

Sylvie Tellier, born 28 May 1978, in Nantes, Loire-Atlantique. She was elected Miss Lyon 2001, and Miss France 2002.
Since 2007, she is the general director of both the Society Miss France and Miss Europe Organization.
She got married to Mr. Camille Le Maux on June 23, 2007 in Gordes in Luberon.
Biography.
Sylvie Tellier comes from Les Sables d'Olonne, Vendée, Pays de la Loire, where her family still lives. She studied law and has a master's degree in private law. When she was elected Miss France in 2002, she was studying to enter the Judicial National Institute of Lyon to become a lawyer.
In June 2004 she took part in the Rally of the Princesses, prestigious rally of classic cars, rallying from Paris to Monaco. Very good co-pilot, Sylvie and her team mate Sally Woodford-Brochet ranked 6th on a 1970 MGB after a 5-day-long competition. 
In 2005, she took part in writing a book entitled "Sans compromis" : "Conversations avec Sylvie Tellier, Miss France 2002", in which she is Genevieve de Fontenay's close friend.
She is the head of the Society Miss France since January 2007, replacing Xavier de Fontenay.

</doc>
<doc id="18636796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636796" title="Payne-Desha House">
Payne-Desha House

The Payne-Desha House is an historic house located on land west of Royal Spring Branch near downtown Georgetown, Kentucky, USA that was the built in 1814 by Robert Payne, a Kentucky war hero from the Battle of the Thames. Also, the house was the last residence of Joseph Desha, the ninth governor of Kentucky.
The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on December 2, 1974.
History.
In 1784, Elijah Craig established the town of Lebanon, Virginia near McClelland's Station, an abandoned army fort. The name was changed to George Town in 1790 as a tribute to the first President of the United States, George Washington. The town was centered around Royal Spring, a large spring that was reliable source of water for the residents and industry in the area. 
The Payne-Desha House was built on the west side of Royal Spring Branch on land originally owned by Elijah Craig. After Craig's death in 1808, General Richard Gano and Josiah Pitts purchased the property near Royal Spring Branch from Craig's
estate. In 1814 General John Payne bought both pieces of land making a estate. Payne's son Robert and daughter-in-law Maria (Williams) built a large stone house on the property. Financial circumstances forced the sale of the estate in 1821 and Benjamen Smith bought the property.
During the later years of his life, former Kentucky Governor Joseph Desha and his wife Margaret relocated to Georgetown. The couple first resided on East Main Street, then in 1841 moved to the property along Royal Spring Branch. Desha lived in the Payne-Desha House until his death on October 11, 1842.
James Y. Kelly owned the property in the later part of the 19th century when extensive changes were made to the exterior of the house. Another longtime resident of the house was James R. Hamilton, who remodeled the structure in 1955 and 1975.
Architecture.
Originally, the Payne-Desha House was built in the Federal style, and in the late 19th century the structure was updated to the then popular Italianate style. Additionally, the house underwent renovations in 1955 and 1975.
As first built, the Payne-Desha house featured "an arch spanned central hall, a winding staircase, ash floors, sunburst design mantels, beaded and fluted woodwork, three basements, and a hipped roof" making the stone building one of the most intricate early stone structures in Scott County, Kentucky.
The exterior of the house was altered in the late 19th century with the addition of Italianate style porches, hoodmolds, and roofbrackets.

</doc>
<doc id="18636802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636802" title="Munchirai">
Munchirai

Munchirai is a block or Panchayat Union of Kanyakumari district, India. It is one among the nine administrative divisions of the district of Kanyakumari. The present President of the Munchirai Panchayat is Premkumar. It includes the following 11 Village Panchayats:

</doc>
<doc id="18636804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636804" title="Bill Wagner">
Bill Wagner

William (Bill) Joseph Wagner (January 2, 1894 – January 11, 1951) was an American baseball catcher. He was born in 1894 in Jesup, Iowa. Wagner played five seasons in Major League Baseball and was a member of the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1914 to 1917 and the Boston Braves in 1918. He played in 93 career games with 50 hits and 1 home run on a batting average of .207. Bill Wagner died in 1951 in Waterloo, Iowa.
Over a decade after Bill Wagner's death, a controversy arose whether he had pinch hit for teammate Honus Wagner in 1917, making him the only player to have done so. Later examination of National League archives proved the allegation incorrect.

</doc>
<doc id="18636809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636809" title="Beautiful Garbage World Tour">
Beautiful Garbage World Tour

The Beautiful Garbage World Tour was the third world concert tour cycle by American/Scottish alternative rock group Garbage, which took the band throughout North and Central America, Europe, Japan, Australia and New Zealand in support of its third album "Beautiful Garbage".
The "Beautiful Garbage" tour takes in headline performances, support performances for U2, Red Hot Chili Peppers and No Doubt, and slots at rock festivals and radio shows around the world. A number of notable acts supported Garbage throughout the run of the tour, including White Stripes, Kelli Ali, Queen Adreena and Abandoned Pools.
The tour was hampered by problems with the health of the band, with singer Shirley Manson suffering from throat problems and drummer Butch Vig being taken off sick twice, first with Hepatitis A and then with Bell's Palsy. While some shows that Manson could not perform were cancelled, Vig was replaced at first with Matt Chamberlain and then with Matt Walker, to prevent disruption to the tour dates.
Itinerary.
Garbage marked the release of "Beautiful Garbage" by performing an in-store set in Chicago's Virgin Megastore on October 2, 2001. Garbage began touring the album as the opening act on the third leg of U2's Elevation Tour from October 12 in South Bend, Indiana, into Canada and through to 24th in New York City. Prior the last show, Vig collapsed from the effects of food poisoning and contracting Hepatitis A. Rather than cancelling the scheduled shows, Garbage recruited Matt Chamberlain to replace Vig for the remainder of the year. Garbage performed a series of underplayed headlining shows in Europe during November, beginning in Trondheim, Norway and ending in London, United Kingdom, on November 14. Garbage then returned to North America for the final Elevation tour Southern State shows, from Kansas City, Missouri on the 27th through to the last show in Miami, Florida on December 2. At the last show, U2 drummer Larry Mullen, Jr. played drums on "Only Happy When It Rains". Garbage wrapped up 2001 by performing at the "Not So Silent Night" radio festival in Los Angeles, California.
The Beautiful Garbage tour started in earnest in January 2002 in New Zealand and Australia, when Garbage joined the Big Day Out rock festival. In between the festival shows, Garbage headlined two concerts in Melbourne and Sydney. Garbage then spent ten days in Japan, performing four headline shows in Osaka and Tokyo.
Garbage launched a headline UK tour on April 1 in Portsmouth, a run that included an acoustic performance in Edinburgh and headlining MTV's "5 Night Stand". The band were supported on the UK dates by Kelli Ali. Beyond the UK, the run extended to a number of shows in Cologne, Amsterdam and Bourges. On April 19, Garbage returned to play a six-week itinerary of North American dates. Beginning in Toronto, the tour was routed down the Eastern Coast of America, over to the Midwest and then onto the West Coast. The jaunt ended with two night stint in Los Angeles. Garbage are supported by Abandoned Pools and on some shows, by White Stripes; during the tour, Vig is taken ill (later diagnosed as Bell's Palsy) and is replaced again by Matt Chamberlain. Garbage wrapped the North American tourdates on June 6 in Mexico City.
A month-long European trek began June 10 in Madrid, covering major rock festivals including Glastonbury and Roskilde. Matt Walker stood in for Vig for the rest of the summer. Garbage perform two shows in Nice and Lyon supporting Red Hot Chili Peppers, and a further two headlining French shows in Lille and Paris with Mercury Rev as support. The European leg ended at Espárrago Rock in Spain on July 12. Throughout the run, Manson is dogged by vocal problems, with her voice giving in at Roskilde, and leading to the cancellation of a few festival appearances. After a six-week break, Garbage return to the United Kingdom to perform their last European shows of the year - two intimate club gigs in London.
With Vig rejoining the ranks following his recovery period, Garbage headed to Australia to perform at the four date M-One festival across the country at the beginning of October. Garbage then joined No Doubt, who were promoting their "Rock Steady" album, to co-headline a trek around the United States. Support came from The Distillers. Kicking off on October 15 in West Kingston, Rhode Island, the tour was route down the Eastern Seaboard, and into Southern States before heading to the Pacific Northwest region and onto the American Southwest. The tour ended on November 27 in Long Beach, California.
Garbage went on to perform one further show, in George Town, Grand Cayman. Degree flew 200 competition winners to the Cayman Islands for a beachside Garbage concert. One competition winner was matched with a local for an episode of the reality show "Blind Date" and both got to meet the band.
Broadcast and recordings.
Garbage: Live at Eagles Ballroom 2002 was a long-form live video DVD planned for release in 2002 by Garbage to document the North American leg of the Beautiful Garbage tour, utlilizing footage shot on May 11, 2002 at the Eagles Ballroom in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The footage likely went unreleased because the band's worldwide record label Mushroom Records UK was wound down before it was sold to Warner Music label EastWest in early 2003. An entry for the DVD release was included on the band's official website discography in April 2005; while Director Kenneth A. LaBarre uploaded a rough cut of "Special" to his YouTube channel on January 3, 2007. The video was an outtake from a 5 song demo DVD that LaBarre submitted to the band and their management at Q Prime in June 2002.
The origin of the DVD came from a pitch to the band and the band's management made by friend Author Jim Berkenstadt who along with LaBarre thought the band would be interested in recording a hometown concert for release, or archive for future use. The material would be owned and controlled by the band, unlike footage from previous TV appearances. The approach that LaBarre proposed, with the help of DP Bruce Johnson, was to create a "low impact, high quality digital video" document of the show using a mix of the latest Canon DV cameras and avoid using any cranes, jibs or mobile production trucks to maintain a small footprint and low budget. The footage was shot using eight cameras total. Two Canon Elura cameras with wide angle lenses were placed in and behind Butch Vig's drum kit, two Canon XL1 cameras set on tripods (centre and stage-right) were positioned in the balcony, two handheld Canon XL1 cameras (one operated by director LaBarre) were the pit in front of the stage, and a Canon XL1 handheld camera was run by DP Johnson on the stage-left. As of December 2012 the full show has not been released though LaBarre still has all the audio and video tapes from the show archived for potential future use.

</doc>
<doc id="18636815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636815" title="Pilar Ramírez">
Pilar Ramírez

Pilar Ramírez Laguna (born February 28, 1964) is a retired Mexican competitor in women's synchronized swimming. She represented her native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics, and claimed the bronze medal in duet at the 1983 Pan American Games in Caracas alongside Claudia Novelo.

</doc>
<doc id="18636817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636817" title="Larger than Life (EP)">
Larger than Life (EP)

Larger Than Life is a 2008 album by German metal band "Paragon".
A supportive "teaser" EP for the band's 2008 album Screenslaves. Including a cover of the boyband Backstreet Boys' song "Larger Than Life" and Slayer's "Die By The Sword". Plus some older songs live and the title track for their above mentioned album. A video for "Larger Than Life" is also included.

</doc>
<doc id="18636828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636828" title="Rajakkamangalam">
Rajakkamangalam

Rajakkamangalam is a block or Panchayat Union of Kanyakumari district, India. It is one of the nine administrative divisions of the district of Kanyakumari. The present President of the Rajakkamangalam Panchayat is T. Vajila. It includes the following 15 Village Panchayats,

</doc>
<doc id="18636845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636845" title="Uniting Presbyterian Church in Southern Africa">
Uniting Presbyterian Church in Southern Africa

The Uniting Presbyterian Church in Southern Africa ("UPCSA") was formed and constituted in 1999 as the outcome of the union between the Reformed Presbyterian Church in Southern Africa ("RPCSA") and the Presbyterian Church of Southern Africa ("PCSA"). 
These two churches shared the same origin dating back to the 19th century when Britain took over the Cape Colony. Their distinctive characters were that the Presbyterian Church in Southern Africa was constituted among soldiers and settlers who arrived in the Cape in 1820, spreading North into Zimbabwe and Zambia. The Reformed Presbyterian Church on the other hand was a product of Scottish missions intended for the indigenous Africans, which started at Lovedale Mission in Alice. It became autonomous in 1923.
In 1896 the first Presbyterian congregation was founded in Rhodesia at Bulawayo, and later in 1903 in Salisbury (now Harare). Now there are 2 Presbyteries in Matabeland and Mashonaland. Currently there are 10 congregations and 5,000-10,000 members.
The motto "Nec tamen consumebatur" is adapted from the Latin translation of Exodus 3:2 "...The Lord appeared to him in a blazing fire from the midst of a bush; and he looked, and behold, the bush was burning with fire, "yet it was not consumed""
In 2004 the UPCSA celebrated its fifth anniversary after having spent much of that time in forging structures of union.
Presbyteries.
The Uniting Presbyterian Church in Southern Africa is divided into the following Presbyteries (regional districts):
It has 253 congregations and 80,000 members.
Associations/ministry groups.
The Basis of Union is a contract that was signed in September 1999 entered into between the Presbyterian Church of Southern Africa (PCSA) and the Reformed Presbyterian Church in South Africa (RPCSA). Under this contract, the two churches would join and become one: the Uniting Presbyterian Church in Southern Africa (UPCSA). 
Article 13 of the basis of union states that, as a condition of the union, both churches are to bring 4 associations each and the 8 associations would unite to form only 4 associations (one women's association, one men's association, one girl's association and one youth association). 

</doc>
<doc id="18636847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636847" title="Arthur Preston (bishop)">
Arthur Preston (bishop)

The Rt Rev Arthur Llewellyn Preston was the third Bishop of Woolwich. 
Born in 1883 into a distinguished family and educated at Charterhouse and University College, Oxford, he was ordained in 1905. His first post was at "St Mark’s, Plumstead " after which he was Vicar at "St James the Great, Bethnal Green ". A much respected Rural Dean of Lewisham and later Archdeacon of Lewisham he was appointed a Cathedral Canon by the Bishop of Southwark in 1930 and Suffragan Bishop two years later. In 1936 he died whilst aboard his brother’s yacht. At his memorial service he was described by his fellow Bishop Edgar Priestley Swain as “ A man of great gifts, one of the most thoroughly human persons I have ever known”.

</doc>
<doc id="18636853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636853" title="Uncial 068">
Uncial 068

Uncial 068 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 3 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 5th century. Tischendorf designated it by Ib, Scrivener by Nb. 
It has some marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains a fragments of the John 13:16-27; 16:7-19 (with lacunae), on 2 parchment leaves (26 cm by 24 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 18 lines per page in large uncial letters. 
It has no capital letters. 
It is a double palimpsest, the Greek biblical text was overwritten twice in Syriac language, in the 9th century, and in the 10th or 11th century. It contains hymns of Severus in Syriac. The Ammonian Sections are present, but the Eusebian Canons absent. It contains breathing and accents. It has itacistic errors (e.g. κρεισεως in John 16:8).
John 13:16-17.19-20.23-24.26-27; 16:7-9.12-13.15-16.18-19
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type, with some non-Alexandrian readings (e.g. J 16:12). Aland placed in Category III.
History.
Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
The manuscript was found in 1847 in the monastery at Nitrian Desert and brought to London. It was examined and deciphered by Tregelles and Tischendorf (about the same time). 
The codex now is located at the British Library (Add. 17136) in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18636854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636854" title="Southern Kuzbass GRES">
Southern Kuzbass GRES

OJSC Southern Kuzbass GRES is a thermal power plant (GRES) in Kaltan, Kemerovo Oblast, Russia.
As of January 1, 2007 total electric power 554 MW, heating — 560 Gcal/h.
Currently is a part of Mechel.
GRES is located close to the local coal deposits, largest metallurgical power-consuming industries, mining complexes and the public service of the southern Kuzbass. Coal for the GRES arrives primary from Southern Kuzbass Coal Company, also owned by Mechel.

</doc>
<doc id="18636877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636877" title="League of Workers Association Youth">
League of Workers Association Youth

League of Workers Association Youth () was a socialist youth movement in Finland 1917-1928. TJN organized children and youth up to the age of 16. The activities of TJN resembled scouting.

</doc>
<doc id="18636887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636887" title="Canberra United FC">
Canberra United FC

Canberra United Football Club is a semi-professional soccer club based in Canberra, Australia. It competes in the country's premier women's competition, the W-League. The club was formed in 2008 for the league's inaugural season. Canberra is the only team in the league that is not affiliated to a men's A-League club, although a team in the National Youth League from Canberra also competes (the Australian Institute of Sport).
In their first season Canberra were runners-up in the Grand final, defeated by Queensland Roar (now Brisbane Roar). Canberra were crowned Premiers and Champions in the 2011–12 season after winning the league and defeating Brisbane Roar Grand final.
History.
W-League 2008/09 Season.
The first announcement of the club came in July 2008, coinciding with the establishment of the new W-League. The formation of the new club presented a unique situation in the league, that it was not associated with an established A-League side. In August, Canberra appointed Matildas assistant coach Robbie Hooker as coach for the inaugural season, and ACT Senator Kate Lundy as club chair. United also announced its first key signing in local Canberran and Matildas goalkeeper Lydia Williams. Hooker made a number of key signings in the first registration window, also securing Caitlin Munoz, Amy Chapman, Grace Gill-McGrath, Hayley Crawford, Rhian Davies, Thea Slatyer for the inaugural season. The squad was further expanded in the lead up to the first round, signing on a number of players from the ACT and Southern NSW, and also signing Sasha McDonnell and Kara Mowbray from Queensland. The final squad presented significant strength on paper, boasting eight full internationals and a further four Young Matildas.
United started the season steadily, alternating losses and wins in the opening rounds - including a win over eventual Premiers Queensland Roar. Scoring came with some difficulty for the side, with four goals in their opening first five matches. Influencing this record was an injury to striker Caitlin Munoz in Round 1, keeping her sidelined for a number of weeks. Munoz's return to the side in Round 6 immediately lifted the scoring rate, contributing four goals in the last five rounds. Despite early losses, Canberra were unbeaten in the last seven rounds of the competition, achieving a third placed finish with a record of four wins, four draws and two losses. Canberra's strength throughout the season has been in defence, drawn from a number of experienced players. In front of a dependable Williams in goal, a defensive backline led by Thea Slatyer and captain Ellie Brush frustrated opposition and ensured the second-best defensive record in the competition, bettered only by Premiers Queensland.
United won their away semi-final against Newcastle Jets, and progressed to the inaugural final, where they were defeated by Queensland Roar.
W-League 2009 season.
There were a number of changes at Canberra for their second season, most notably the departure of Robbie Hooker and appointment of Ray Junna as coach. Junna has commenced preparations for the new season to establish a new squad, and has retained most of the locally based players. Star striker from the previous season Caitlin Munoz is unable to play this season due to a knee operation, but has accepted an assistant coach role with Junna.
2013-14 season.
Before the season the team appointed Liesbeth Migchelsen, a former Dutch International, as head coach and Raeanne Dower as assistant coach.
Colours and badge.
The primary club colour of Canberra United is green, chosen principally since it did not clash with the other seven clubs in the inaugural competition. They are the second elite sporting team from the city to wear a green jersey after National Rugby League club, Canberra Raiders. This has led to some cross-promotion between the two 'green machine' teams.
The Canberra United badge depicts the flagpole of Parliament House, a symbol of Canberra.
Stadium.
Canberra play their home matches at "McKellar Park", more formally known as Belconnen Soccer Centre, a purpose built football ground in north Canberra. Since 2009, Canberra have played occasional home matches at Deakin Stadium, a newly completed football ground in central Canberra.
United also have the potential to play significant matches at the 25,011 capacity Canberra Stadium. A match involving Canberra United was played at the ground in 2009, although it was officially a home game for Canberra's opponents, Central Coast Mariners. The match was a curtain-raiser to the Mariners' A-League fixture.
Supporters.
Canberra United had the highest attendance in the W-League in the inaugural season with an average crowd of 1029. Their first home match attracted a crowd of 1637 against Central Coast Mariners (9 November 2008). The largest attendance to watch a Westfield W-League match at McKellar Park was 2512 for the Grand Final against Brisbane Roar (28 January 2012).
Current squad.
"Correct as of 7 November 2013."

</doc>
<doc id="18636895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636895" title="Julie Mennella">
Julie Mennella

Dr. Julie Mennella is a biopsychologist specializing in the development of food and flavor preferences in humans and the effects of alcohol and tobacco on women's health and infant development. She currently works at the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia, PA.

</doc>
<doc id="18636914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636914" title="Derek Wallace">
Derek Wallace

Derek Robert Wallace (born September 1, 1971) is a former professional baseball player who pitched two seasons in Major League Baseball. He attended college at Pepperdine. In 1996, he played for the New York Mets and in 1999 he played for the Kansas City Royals. Wallace compiled a career record of 2-4 in 27 games and an ERA of 3.82. Derek was born in Van Nuys, California in 1971. Wallace batted and threw right-handed. He holds the distinction of having tied a Major League record by striking out four batters in one inning.

</doc>
<doc id="18636949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636949" title="Mountain Rest, South Carolina">
Mountain Rest, South Carolina

Mountain Rest is an unincorporated community near the Chattooga River in Northwestern Oconee County, South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="18636951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636951" title="New Palace Yard">
New Palace Yard

New Palace Yard is to the northwest of the Houses of Parliament (aka the Palace of Westminster), in Westminster, London, England. It is to the east of Parliament Square, to the west of Big Ben, and to the north of Westminster Hall. An entrance from Parliament Square provides vehicular access to a five-level underground car park with spaces for 450 cars for the Houses of Parliament which was constructed between 1972 and 1974. It is a secure area, not accessible to the public.
New Palace Yard was where criminals were exposed in the pillory. For example, Titus Oates was pilloried here during the reign of King James II for the Popish Plot.

</doc>
<doc id="18636964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636964" title="Elkosh">
Elkosh

Elkosh () is a moshav in northern Israel. Located near Ma'alot-Tarshiha and the Lebanese border, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 348.
The village was established in 1949 by immigrants from Yemen, and was named after the biblical city of Elkosh, birth-town of prophet Nahum (Nahum 1:1), which was located in the area. The founders were later joined by more immigrants from Kurdistan. The village is founded on the land of the Palestinian village of Dayr al-Qassi.

</doc>
<doc id="18636969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636969" title="Allen Haley">
Allen Haley

Allen Haley (January 31, 1844 – April 23, 1900) was a Canadian dentist, ship builder and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Hants County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1882 to 1890 and Hants in the Canadian House of Commons from 1896 to 1900 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, the son of Allen Haley and Harriet Utley, and was educated there. Haley went on to study at the Philadelphia College of Dental Surgery. He set up his dental practice in Windsor, Nova Scotia. In 1869, he married Annie M. Smith. He was secretary for the Shipowners Marine Insurance Company. Haley served as probate registrar for Hants County, a member of the Windsor town council and Warden for Windsor. He ran unsuccessfully for a federal seat in 1891. Haley died in office in Ottawa at the age of 56.

</doc>
<doc id="18636972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636972" title="Deborah Cher">
Deborah Cher

Deborah Cher is a singer-songwriter and writer (under the pen name Deborah Michaela) whose first album, "Partie pour chercher quek'chose de chaud" ("Looking for Something Hot") was released in 2008. She has sung on the sound tracks of many Québécois TV shows, including "Rumeurs", "Les Ex's", "Temps Dur", and "Un Homme Mort". In 2011, her single "Searching for the Light" was featured on the season finale of Radio Canada's award winning drama "La Galère".
Early life.
Born in England, raised in Holland and moving to Montreal, Canada at the age of nine, Deborah Cher grew up immersed in music, learning classical piano as a child. Her mother was an accomplished pianist and kept a variety of instruments in the family home, including a piano, guitar, saxophone and Irish flutes. Cher began writing songs and poems as a child, and in her teens learned guitar and joined her first bands, playing an eclectic mix of Jazz, funk, country and rock. Cher holds a BA in English literature and an MA in Middle East Studies.
Music career.
After performing at clubs in Montreal, New York and Texas, Cher began her professional career at Dazmo Musique and PSD Musique, singing for popular Québécois TV shows. In 2008, producer Sari Dajani co-wrote several songs and arranged and produced her first album. Pierre Bertrand of Canadian rock band Beau Dommage wrote "Fille bohème" for the album. Mitsou Gélinas lent Cher a song from her repertoire and writer Jean-Francois Garneau translated Cher's English songs into French.

</doc>
<doc id="18636975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636975" title="Judith A. Salerno">
Judith A. Salerno

Judith A. Salerno, M.D., M.S., is the President and CEO of Susan G. Komen. Until September, 2013, she was the Leonard D. Schaeffer Executive Officer of the Institute of Medicine (IOM) of the National Academies. In this role, Dr. Salerno was the executive director and chief operating officer of the Institute. She was responsible for managing the IOM’s research and policy programs and guiding the Institute’s operations on a daily basis.
Prior to the IOM, Salerno was Deputy Director of the National Institute on Aging (NIA) at the National Institutes of Health of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. She oversaw over $1 billion in aging research conducted and supported annually by the Institute, including research on Alzheimer’s and other neurodegenerative diseases, frailty, and function in late life, and the social, behavioral, and demographic aspects of aging. As the NIA’s senior geriatrician, Dr. Salerno was vitally interested in improving the health and well-being of older persons, and designed public-private initiatives to address aging stereotypes, novel approaches to support training of new investigators in aging, and award-winning programs to communicate health and research advances to the public. 
Before joining the NIA in 2001, Salerno directed the continuum of Geriatrics and Extended Care programs across the nation for the United States Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Washington, D.C. While at the VA, she launched widely recognized national initiatives for pain management and improving end-of-life care. Prior to this appointment, Dr. Salerno was Associate Chief of Staff at the VA Medical Center in Washington, D.C. where she developed and implemented innovative approaches to geriatric primary care and coordinated area-wide geriatric medicine training. Dr. Salerno also cofounded the Washington, D.C. Area Geriatric Education Center Consortium, a collaboration of more than 160 educational and community organizations within the Baltimore-Washington region. The consortium generates educational opportunities for professionals serving the aging. Earlier in her career, Dr. Salerno was a Senior Clinical Investigator at the National Institute on Aging, implementing clinical research protocols for patients with Alzheimer’s and hypertension. Dr. Salerno also served on numerous boards and national committees concerned with health care issues ranging from the quality of care in long-term care to the future of the geriatric workforce and currently serves of the boards of several arts organizations.
Dr. Salerno earned her M.D. from Harvard Medical School in 1985 and a Master of Science degree in Health Policy from the Harvard School of Public Health in 1976. She also holds a Certificate of Added Qualifications in Geriatric Medicine and was Associate Clinical Professor of Health Care Sciences and of Medicine at the George Washington University until 2001. She raised her 3 children - Alyssa, Lauren and Michael - in Great Falls, Virginia.
Salerno replaced Nancy Brinker as CEO of Susan G. Komen for the Cure. 

</doc>
<doc id="18636976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636976" title="Old Palace Yard">
Old Palace Yard

Old Palace Yard is a paved open space in the City of Westminster in Central London, England. It lies between the Palace of Westminster to its north and east and Westminster Abbey to its west. It is known as the site of executions, including those of Sir Walter Raleigh, Guy Fawkes and other conspirators of the Gunpowder Plot, and James Hamilton, 1st Duke of Hamilton, following the Battle of Preston.
St Margaret Street / Abingdon Street divides Old Palace Yard into two parts, running diagonally from the north-west to the south-east. The eastern, larger part belongs to the grounds of the Palace of Westminster, the seat of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. To the north of the Yard is St Stephen's Entrance, the public entrance into the Palace, as well as the great South Window of Westminster Hall. A bronze equestrian statue of Richard Coeur de Lion (King Richard I, also known as "Richard the Lionheart") stands nearby, facing away from the South Window. Created by Baron Carlo Marochetti, the statue was completed in 1856 and installed in its present location in 1860. The eastern side of Old Palace Yard is defined by the West Front of the Palace, which is part of the precincts of the House of Lords; the carriage porch of the Peers' Entrance marks the middle of this frontage, and the Victoria Tower its southern end.
Access to this part of Old Palace Yard is restricted for security reasons by means of concrete barriers. For most of the year it is used as a car park for the House of Lords, but it is cleared of barriers and street furniture for the annual State Opening of Parliament, the formal opening of the legislative session by the British monarch. Conveyed from Buckingham Palace to Parliament in a horse-drawn carriage, the monarch passes through the Yard en route to the Sovereign's Entrance, at the foot of the Victoria Tower.
The western part of Old Palace Yard is freely accessible to the public. To its west are located the Henry VII Chapel and the Chapter House of Westminster Abbey, while to its south stands 6–7 Old Palace Yard, the sole survivor of the row of houses that used to surround the Yard. The building is now part of the Parliamentary Estate. Close by is a statue of King George V, made of Portland stone. Sculpted by Sir William Reid Dick and unveiled in 1947, it stands on a pedestal by Sir Giles Gilbert Scott and faces the Peers' Entrance of the Palace of Westminster. In 2002 an analemmatic sundial was fitted into the Yard's pavement in front of the statue, as a gift to Queen Elizabeth II from Parliament on the occasion of her Golden Jubilee.

</doc>
<doc id="18636985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636985" title="Nat G. Kiefer">
Nat G. Kiefer

Nat G. Kiefer (born c. 1939, died July 10, 1985) was a Louisiana state senator.
Biography.
Political career.
Mr. Kiefer of New Orleans carried a brash style into the Louisiana State Senate to become one of Gov. Edwin Edwards' most effective floor leaders. He was instrumental in the construction of the Lakefront Arena.
Family.
Mr. Kiefer married Carol Ann Hazard. Together they had 4 children Nat G. Kiefer Jr., Kent Kiefer, Karen Ann Kiefer, and Kris Patrick Kiefer.
Death.
Mr. Kiefer died of a liver ailment at the University of California, Los Angeles Medical Center. He was 46 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="18636995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636995" title="Golden Trailer Awards">
Golden Trailer Awards

The Golden Trailer Awards is an annual awards show that honors achievements in motion picture marketing, including film trailers, posters and television advertisements.
Overview.
The Golden Trailer Awards are presented and run by siblings, Evelyn Brady-Watters and Monica Brady. A panel of judges selected from top level directors, producers, actors, writers, executives, exhibitors, advertising creatives and critics views the trailers and votes on them. With comedians hosting and presenting, the awards are handed out at a live ceremony in May. 
The first Golden Trailer Awards ceremony was held on September 21, 1999 in New York City. The show is televised and was carried on the ReelzChannel in 2007 and Fox's MyNetworkTV in 2008.
The 9th Annual Golden Trailer Awards (broadcast as the Movie Preview Awards on MyNetworkTV) in 2008 were at the Orpheum Theatre in LA. "The Dark Knight" won 3 awards: Best Action, Best Summer Blockbuster Poster and Trailer of the Year in the public vote held by USA Today.

</doc>
<doc id="18637009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637009" title="The Nazi Plan">
The Nazi Plan

The Nazi Plan is a 1945 American documentary film directed by George Stevens. The film, extensively compiled from captured Nazi propaganda and newsreel footage, was produced and presented as evidence at the Nuremberg Trials for Hermann Göring and twenty other Nazi leaders. 
Background.
"The Nazi Plan" was shown as evidence at the International Military Tribunal (IMT) in Nuremberg on December 11, 1945. It was compiled by Budd Schulberg and other military personnel, under the supervision of Navy Commander James Donovan. The compilers took pains to use only German source material, including official newsreels and other German films (1919-45). It was put together for the US Counsel for the Prosecution of Axis Criminality and the US Office of the Chief Counsel for War Crimes." 
"In the course of this work, Budd Schulberg apprehended Leni Riefenstahl at her country home in Kitzbühl, Austria, as a material witness, and took her to the Nuremberg editing room, so she could help Budd identify Nazi figures in her films and in other German film material his unit had captured. Stuart Schulberg took possession of the photo archive of Heinrich Hoffmann, Hitler’s personal photographer, and became the film unit’s expert on still photo evidence. Most of the stills presented at the trial carry his affidavit of authenticity."
Plot summary.
The film's central footage and themes "relied heavily" on the work of German film maker Leni Riefenstahl, in particular the 1935 movie Triumph des Willens (Triumph of the Will).
Media.
The effect and context of the film, namely Goering's presence within the Nuremberg Trials, was discussed in episode 1, entitled "On the Desperate Edge of Now". of the 1995 BBC series The Living Dead (TV series) by Adam Curtis.

</doc>
<doc id="18637010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637010" title="Throstles Nest Hotel, Scotland Road">
Throstles Nest Hotel, Scotland Road

The Throstles Nest Hotel is on Scotland Road in Vauxhall, Liverpool and is situated adjacent to St Anthony's Church.
The Throstles is one of the few remaining pubs of Scotland Road, and one of the oldest in Liverpool, dating back to 1881. 

</doc>
<doc id="18637012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637012" title="Palace Yard">
Palace Yard

Palace Yard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18637015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637015" title="Gazelle (software company)">
Gazelle (software company)

Gazelle was an arcade game developer founded by former Toaplan employees after the bankruptcy of the latter company in 1994.
They developed only two games: "Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon", a beat 'em up, 1995 and "Air Gallet", an extremely difficult "manic" vertically scrolling shoot 'em up, 1996. Both were distributed by Banpresto. They also ported some Toaplan arcade titles to home consoles.

</doc>
<doc id="18637019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637019" title="Baurci">
Baurci

Baurci (Gagauz: "Baurci"; / "Baurci") is a commune and village in Moldova, located in the autonomous territorial unit Gagauzia, west of the city of Ceadâr-Lunga. This is the third largest village in Gagauzia, after Congaz and Copceac. At the 2004 census, there were 8,783 inhabitants in Baurci.
Demographics.
At the 2004 census:

</doc>
<doc id="18637029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637029" title="Yakutugol">
Yakutugol

OJSC KhK Yakutugol () is a Russian coal company located at Neryungri, Yakutia.
Established in 2002 by the public offering of the State-owned SUE Yakutugol.
Mechel owns 100% of its shares since October 2007. Mechel bought 25% of the company shares at an auction in 2005 for US$410 mln and the rest 75% on October 5, 2007 for 58bn rubles. (together with Elgaugol).
Coal production per 2005 — 8,97 mln tonnes, net income estimation per 2007 - ca. $125 mln. Coal production per 2007 10,279 mln tonnes, including 3,33 mln energy coal.
General Director - Igor Khafizov.

</doc>
<doc id="18637035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637035" title="William Barlow">
William Barlow

William Barlow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18637038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637038" title="Avdon">
Avdon

Avdon () is a moshav in northern Israel. Located near Shlomi, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2011 it had a population of 514.
The village was established in 1952 by immigrants from Iran and Tunisia, and was initially named Kfar Avdon (lit. "Avdon Village") after the biblical city of Abdon in Asher tribe (Joshua 21:30), which was located in the area.
Farms in Avdon grow avocado, lychee and bananas. 

</doc>
<doc id="18637040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637040" title="Dave Wainhouse">
Dave Wainhouse

David Paul Wainhouse (born November 7, 1967 in Toronto, Ontario) is a former professional baseball player who pitched for seven seasons in Major League Baseball. A right-hander, Wainhouse was primarily a middle reliever.
Amateur career.
Wainhouse attended Mercer Island High School in Mercer Island, Washington, where he played varsity baseball in his senior year. He attended college at Washington State, where he joined the baseball squad as a walk-on. Wainhouse had a strong season in his junior year, finishing with a 7–0 record. 
The Montreal Expos selected Wainhouse with their first-round pick of the 1988 Major League Baseball Draft, making him the first Canadian-born player picked the first round as well as the highest-ever pick out of Washington State. 
Later that summer, prior to making his professional debut, Wainhouse was named to the Canada's Olympic baseball team. At the Seoul Games, baseball was a demonstration event. Canada finished the preliminary round with a 1–2 record and failed to qualify for the medal round.
Professional career.
Wainhouse made his pro debut in with the West Palm Beach Expos of the Single-A Florida State League. He progressed rapidly through the Expos farm system, earning a promotion to the Jacksonville Expos of the Double-A Southern League in . The season saw Wainhouse start with the Harrisburg Senators of the Double-A Eastern League, get promoted to the Triple-A Indianapolis Indians and, as a September call-up, see a two-game stint in Montreal. 
While playing with Indianapolis in , Wainhouse suffered a knee injury that put him on the disabled list for the remainder of the season. That offseason, the Expos traded him to the Seattle Mariners (along with Kevin Foster) for Frank Bolick and a player to be named later. He only appeared in three games for the Mariners at the start of the season before getting demoted to the minors. 
A back injury kept Wainhouse out of action in . He spent the following season in the minor league systems of the Toronto Blue Jays and Florida Marlins, failing to return to the majors until , with the Pittsburgh Pirates. He split time in and between the Pirates and their Triple-A affiliate, the Calgary Cannons. At the end of the 1997 campaign, Wainhouse signed with the Colorado Rockies. Just as he did in Pittsburgh, Wainhouse spent and shuttling between the major league club and their Triple-A farm team, this time the Colorado Springs Sky Sox.
Wainhouse signed with the St. Louis Cardinals in , once again splitting time between Triple-A and the majors that year. He appeared in nine games with the Cardinals before an injury ended his season. 
Wainhouse retired after the season. In a seven-season major league career, he compiled a career record of 2–3 in 85 games with an ERA of 7.37. Wainhouse now lives in Kent, Washington with his wife and two children. He currently operates a baseball academy and has been named as the assistant coach of the Seattle University Redhawks baseball program.

</doc>
<doc id="18637059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637059" title="Tolstoy (disambiguation)">
Tolstoy (disambiguation)

Leo Tolstoy (1828–1910) was a Russian writer.
Tolstoy (masculine), Tolstaya (feminine), or Tolstoye (neuter) may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18637103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637103" title="Nicholas Gonzalez (physician)">
Nicholas Gonzalez (physician)

Nicholas James Gonzalez, M.D., is a New York-based physician known for developing the Gonzalez regimen (or Gonzalez protocol), an ineffective cancer treatment. Gonzalez's treatments are based on the belief that pancreatic enzymes are the body's main defense against cancer and can be used as a cancer treatment. His methods have been rejected by the medical community, and he has been characterized as a quack and fraud by other doctors and health fraud watchdog groups. In 1994 Gonzalez was reprimanded and placed on two years' probation by the New York state medical board for "departing from accepted practice".
Research has found that Gonzalez's patients died much earlier than those treated with conventional chemotherapy, and had a worse quality of life.
Biography.
Gonzalez graduated Phi Beta Kappa & "magna cum laude" from Brown University, with a degree in English literature. From 1970-1977, Gonzalez worked as a journalist for Time Inc. and as a freelance writer, covering a variety of health-related topics, including a July 1972 cover story in "New York Magazine", a 1976 cover story for "Family Health Magazine", and an article for "Prevention Magazine". Gonzalez became interested in medical research, cancer research in particular, while covering these topics.
Gonzalez completed postgraduate premedical work at Columbia University and received his medical degree from Cornell University in 1983. Gonzalez worked with Robert A. Good at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center while in medical school. After receiving his medical degree, Gonzalez completed an internship in internal medicine at Vanderbilt University. From 1984-1986, Gonzalez worked with Good again, completing a fellowship in immunology while at University of Oklahoma and All Children's Hospital in St. Petersburg, Florida.
Cancer treatment and its effectiveness.
Gonzalez's treatment methods, which he's been using since 1987, are developed from previous work by the orthodontist William Donald Kelley. Gonzalez believes that cancer is caused by poor diet, a problem compounded when one does not eat a diet that corresponds with one's metabolic type; environmental pollution and daily stress contribute to health problems. The Gonzalez regimen proposes as a treatment the use of oral pancreatic enzymes, large numbers of dietary supplements (up to 150 pills per day) and twice daily coffee enemas. According to the National Cancer Institute, which co-sponsored with the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine a clinical trial on Gonzalez's treatments produced "limited and inconclusive" results regarding the efficacy of the Gonzalez Regimen as a treatment for cancer. 
In 1999 Gonzalez published an article describing prolonged life in a small group of patients with pancreatic cancer in the peer-reviewed journal "Nutrition and Cancer". Subsequently others concluded that the longer survival time reported by Gonzalez was due to selection bias and other confounds.
Rejection by mainstream medicine.
Like his mentor, William Donald Kelley, Gonzalez's treatment method has been "rejected" by the "medical establishment". Gonzalez has been characterized as a quack and fraud by other doctors and health fraud watchdog groups, and in 1994 was reprimanded and placed on two years' probation by the New York state medical board for "departing from accepted practice". Forced to submit to psychological examinations and undergo retraining, Gonzalez was given two years of probation with a stipulation that he undergo retraining and do 200 hours of community service, which he completed satisfactorily. He is currently fully licensed to practice in New York.
Gonzalez has lost two malpractice lawsuits. In 1997, a New York court found Gonzalez "negligent" for his cancer treatment; according to news reports, Gonzalez "had to pay $2.5 million in damages to a patient he wrongly claimed to have cured" of cancer. The former patient had been diagnosed with uterine cancer but "Gonzalez discouraged her from following through on her cancer specialist's advice, instead recommending dietary supplements and frequent coffee enemas". The patient had refused both standard treatment and an experimental protocol, but after the cancer spread to her spine, she discontinued Gonzalez's treatment and received chemotherapy and external beam radiation. Sometime in this period, she began having problems with her eyesight, back and hip, and she eventually became blind. In 2000, Gonzalez was found partly liable (49%) in the death of a patient with Hodgkin's disease and ordered to pay $282,000 in damages, due to his use of an unproven cancer screening method instead of standard cancer testing.
The American Cancer Society notes that there is "no convincing scientific evidence that Gonzalez treatment is effective in treating cancer" and that some portions of the treatment may be harmful. A review article from the "Journal of Clinical Gastroenterology" is cited that notes the clinical efficacy of coffee enemas has not been proven and the therapy is associated with severe adverse effects previously described in a few case reports. Gonzalez's study published in "Nutrition and Cancer" in 1999 was criticized by an expert in integrative oncology research methods for its small sample size, selection bias, and failure to account for confounding variables.
Gonzalez "has never explicitly rejected the more orthodox precepts of his profession", insisting that he wants his research evaluated by independent scientists.
Clinical trial.
A randomized phase III clinical trial for the possible treatment of pancreatic cancer with the Gonzalez Regimen was funded by a $1.4 million grant from the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine, and co-sponsored by the National Cancer Institute, awarded in 1999 to Columbia University's Rosenthal Center for Alternative Medicine. The trial was designed to compare the efficacy of pancreatic enzyme therapy plus specialized diet with gemcitabine for stage II, stage III, or stage IV pancreatic cancer. However, the study had difficulty attracting patients, and most eligible patients refused random assignment, so the trial was changed in 2001 to a controlled, observational study.
The trial found that patients treated with the Gonzalez regime survived on average for 4.3 months; those using standard chemotherapy survived on average for 14 months and reported a better quality of life.
An accompanying editorial said it was troubling that expensive CAM therapies were not backed by firm evidence, and that the trial of the Gonzalez regimen was not capable of providing a definitive conclusion because of flaws in its design. Kimball Atwood said that flaws in the trial design might have led to bias in favor of the Gonzalez regimen but that it nevertheless amounted to "a slam-dunk condemnation" of the therapy.
This trial had been criticized for its implausible and unsupported theoretical model of cancer development which bears no resemblance to the scientific understanding of neoplasia, and because of Gonzalez's history of malpractice.

</doc>
<doc id="18637110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637110" title="Aberpergwm">
Aberpergwm

Aberpergwm is the site of a colliery in the Vale of Neath near Glynneath in south Wales.
The drift mine was reopened in 1996 after being closed by British Coal in 1985. It is owned and worked by Energybuild, a private company now wholly owned by Walter Energy of the USA (as of April 2011). The mine has probable recoverable reserves of 7.6 million tonnes of coal.[http://www.walesonline.co.uk/business-in-wales/business-news/2007/12/19/energybuild-flotation-boost-for-aberpergwm-91466-20266939/], which is a high-grade anthracite. Most is delivered to Port Talbot Steelworks owned by Tata Steel.
Currently the colliery has suspended working the multi-entry system in the 18ft seam and are concentrating on the development of the 9ft which is the life line of the colliery.
The ruined, derelict Aberpergwm House stands on the grounds, the former seat of the Williams family of Aberpergwm.

</doc>
<doc id="18637113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637113" title="New York City Board of Elections">
New York City Board of Elections

The Board of Elections in the City of New York (NYCBOE) is an administrative body of ten Commissioners, two from each borough upon recommendation by both political parties and then appointed by the New York City Council for a term of four years. The Commissioners appoint a bipartisan staff to oversee the daily activities of its main and five borough offices. These include over 316 deputies, clerks and other personnel who ensure that no one party controls the Board of Elections. The Board appoints an executive staff consisting of an Executive Director, Deputy Executive Director and other senior staff managers charged with the responsibility to oversee the operations of the Board on a daily basis. Together, the executive and support staffs provide a wide range of electoral services to residents in Manhattan, The Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens and Staten Island. Over the past few years, the Board has come under fire for what is widely seen as its botched handling of several recent elections.
Mission Statement.
The Board of Elections in the City of New York, as provided under Section 3-200 of the New York State Election Law, is responsible:
1. To conduct fair and honest elections, from local to federal levels;
2. To enfranchise all eligible New Yorkers to register to vote and to
practice those rights;
3. To conduct elections, certify the canvass and to retain the official records;
4. Voter outreach and education.
Briefly stated, this means:
First, the preparation of the ballot for Primary, Special and General Elections
to the extent that all vacancies for public office and party positions may be filled.
Second, that qualified voters may exercise their right to franchise and that
every opportunity be given to voters to execute that right and to vote for
whom they choose.
Third, that the votes of the electorate at Primary, Special and General Elections
be properly canvassed and that a true count be given for each candidate
voted for.
Finally, that the Board makes every effort to inform and educate the voting public of
their rights as a voter and also to reach out to all Americans to instruct them
in the voting process.
Responsibilities.
The Board is responsible under New York State Election Law for the following:
Voter registration, outreach and processing 
Maintain and update voter records 
Processing and verification of candidate petitions/documents 
Campaign finance disclosures of candidates and campaign committees 
Recruiting, training and assigning the various Election Day officers to conduct elections 
Operate poll site locations 
Maintain, repair, setup and deploy the Election Day operation equipment 
Ensure each voter their right to vote at the polls or by absentee ballot 
Canvassing and certification of the vote 
Voter education, notification and dissemination of election information 
Preparation of maps of various political subdivisions
Commissioners.
By law, there are ten commissioners, two from each of the five boroughs of New York City. One of these two is from each of the two parties whose candidates got the most votes in the last gubernatorial election. Since the top two candidates in the last election represented the Republican Party and the Democratic Party, the Republican Party and the Democratic Party get five representatives each on the Board of Elections. The ten Commissioners meets once a week at 32 Broadway, New York NY, on the Sixth Floor. 
The Commissioners, at present, are:
Manhattan
Gregory C. Soumas (D)
Frederic M. Umane (R)
The Bronx
Naomi Barrera (D)
Michael A. Rendino (R)
Brooklyn
Julie Dent (D)
Simon Shamoun (R)
Queens
Jose Miguel Araujo (D)
Michael Michel (R)
Staten Island
Maria R. Gustella (D)
John Peter Sipp (R)

</doc>
<doc id="18637136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637136" title="Edmund Byng, 6th Earl of Strafford">
Edmund Byng, 6th Earl of Strafford

Edmund Henry Byng, 6th Earl of Strafford (27 January 1862 – 24 December 1951), styled Viscount Enfield between 1899 and 1918, was an English peer.
Byng was the second son (the first having died in infancy) of Reverend Francis Byng, 5th Earl of Strafford and Florence Louisa Miles (1840–1862), daughter of Sir William Miles, 1st Baronet, who died giving birth to him. He was a County Alderman in Middlesex and Hertfordshire.
Lord Strafford married Mary Elizabeth Colebrooke, daughter of Sir Thomas Colebrooke, 4th Baronet and had two daughters. Upon his death in 1951, he was succeeded by his nephew, Robert Cecil Byng, 7th Earl of Strafford.

</doc>
<doc id="18637138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637138" title="Mann von Welt">
Mann von Welt

"Mann von Welt" (German for 'Man of World') is the sixth single from the German metal band Megaherz, and their first since 2000. It is the first single from their new album Heuchler, their first album with Alexander "Lex" Wohnhaas on vocals. The single comes in two versions: a basic version with two tracks, and a limited edition version with five tracks. Both versions feature only one song from the new album (Mann von Welt); the rest are tracks from previous albums.
Track listings.
"Basic version"
"Limited edition"

</doc>
<doc id="18637142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637142" title="Dariusz Zawadzki">
Dariusz Zawadzki

Dariusz Zawadzki (born June 18, 1982 in Krakow) is a Polish footballer who last played for Kolejarz Stróże.
Career.
Club.
In January 2010, he joined Pogoń Szczecin. He was released from Pogoń on 10.06.2011.
In June 2011, he joined Kolejarz Stróże.

</doc>
<doc id="18637145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637145" title="Henri Sillanpää">
Henri Sillanpää

Henri Sillanpää (born 4 June 1979) is a Finnish footballer who plays for VPS as a goalkeeper.
International career.
He made his debut for the Finnish national team on 3 December 2004 in a friendly match against Oman.

</doc>
<doc id="18637164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637164" title="Ein Ya'akov">
Ein Ya'akov

Ein Ya'akov (, "lit." Jacob Spring) is a moshav in northern Israel. Located near Ma'alot-Tarshiha, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 687.
The village was established in 1953 by immigrants from Kurdistan and Iraq. Its name is taken from Deuteronomy 33:28
And Israel dwelleth in safety, the fountain of Jacob alone, in a land of corn and wine; yea, his heavens drop down dew.

</doc>
<doc id="18637171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637171" title="The New Pearl Harbor">
The New Pearl Harbor

The New Pearl Harbor: Disturbing Questions About the Bush Administration and 9/11 (2004, ISBN 1-56656-552-9) is a book written by David Ray Griffin, a retired professor of philosophy at the Claremont School of Theology. It draws analogies between the September 11, 2001, attacks and the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941. The title is taken from the 2000 paper "Rebuilding America's Defenses" produced by the Project for the New American Century, which noted that only a "new Pearl Harbor" would enable the military and defense policy transformations the 
group desired to rapidly take place.
The book was included in the official selection of 99 books made available to all members of the 9/11 Commission.
Content.
In the book, Griffin presents pieces of evidence and arguments which he believes support a conclusion that the George W. Bush administration was complicit in the September 11, 2001, attacks, and therefore constituted a false flag incident. 
The foreword was written by Richard A. Falk, Professor emeritus at Princeton University.
Part One of the book looks at the events of 9/11, discussing each Flight in turn and also the behavior of President George W. Bush and his Secret Service protection. Part Two examines 9/11 in a wider context, in the form of four "disturbing questions":
Critical response.
Critics of the book argue that many of the claims in the book are easily refuted, and that there are many leaps of logic.Griffin rejects such criticisms and has debated his critics.
According to former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent Robert Baer, writing in "The Nation" magazine:
Baer adds that Griffin's subtitle, "Disturbing Questions About the Bush Administration and 9/11", "suggests this book is a search for truth, but don't let that fool you. His mind is all but made up."

</doc>
<doc id="18637184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637184" title="Compliance gaining">
Compliance gaining

Compliance gaining is a term used in the social sciences, specifically in social psychology and communication studies, to identify the act of intentionally trying to alter behavior. The term refers to how people try to get other people to DO things, or comply. Compliance is separate, but not unrelated to persuasion.
There is a distinction between attitudes and behavior. Compliance gaining targets actual behavioral changes to goals set by the source.
For example, if trying to persuade a young person to vote, an adult would provide reasons to the why they must take voting seriously as a citizen. If persuasive, they might convince the young person that voting is important. However, the fact the young person now agrees and understands voting is important, does not ensure they will actually vote.
Definition.
Tamara D. Golish defines and summarizes the works and myriad elements concerning compliance gaining, stating, “Wheeless, Barraclough, and Stewart (1983) define compliance-gaining as “the communicative behavior in which an agent elicits from a target some agent-selected behavior” (p. 111). Compliance-gaining is different from the more traditional approach to persuasion because it emphasizes active rather than reactive communicators and how people influence others, including the multiple strategies people use to gain compliance (Lee, Levine, & Cambra, 1997). According to McQuillen et al. (1984), compliance-gaining “focuses on message selection rather than message impact” (p. 748). The central concern with this approach is the type of message sent and the individual and situational differences that influence those messages” (Golish 1999).
Compliance.
Compliance gaining was not originally conceived in the field of communication but found its roots in the late 1960s as a result of studies and research by two sociologists, Gerald Marwel and David Schmitt. In 1967, Marwell and Schmitt produced some interesting compliance-gaining tactics concerning the act of getting a teenager to study. The tactics, sixteen in all, are as follows.
1. Promise: If you comply, I will reward you. For example, you offer to increase Dick’s allowance if he studies more.
2. Threat: If you do not comply, I will punish you. For example, you threaten to forbid Dick to use the car if he doesn’t start studying more.
3. Expertise (positive): If you comply, you will be rewarded because of the “nature of things.” For example, you tell Dick that if he gets good grades he be able to get into college and get a good job.
4. Expertise (negative): If you do not comply, you will be punished because of the “nature of things.” For example, you tell Dick that if he does not get good grades he will not be able to get into college or get a good job.
5. Liking: Act friendly and helpful to get the person in a “good frame of mind” so they comply with the request. For example, you try to be as friendly and pleasant as possible to put Dick in a good mood before asking him to study.
6. Pre-giving: Reward the person before requesting compliance. For example, raise Dick’s allowance and tell him you now expect him to study.
7. Aversive stimulation: Continuously punish the person, making cessation contingent on compliance. For example, you tell Dick he may not use the car until he studies more.
8. Debt: You owe me compliance because of past favors. For example, you point out that you have sacrificed and saved to pay for Dick’s education and that he owes it to you to get good enough grades to get into a good college.
9. Moral appeal: You are immoral if you do not comply. You tell Dick that it is morally wrong for anyone not to get as good grades as possible and that he should study more.
10. Self-feeling (positive): You will feel better about yourself if you comply. For example, you tell Dick that he will feel proud if he gets himself to study more.
11. Self-feeling (negative): You will feel worse about yourself if you do not comply. For example, you tell Dick that he will feel ashamed of himself if he gets bad grades.
12. Altercasting (positive): A person with “good” qualities would comply. For example, you tell Dick that because he is a mature and intelligent person he naturally will want to study more and get good grades.
13. Altercasting (negative): Only a person with “bad” qualities would not comply. For example, you tell Dick that he should study because only someone very childish does not study.
14. Altruism: I need your compliance very badly, so do it for me. For example, you tell Dick that you really want very badly for him to get into a good college and that you wish he would study more as a personal favor to you.
15. Esteem (positive): People you value will think better of you if you comply. For example, you tell Dick that the whole family will be very proud of him if he gets good grades.
16. Esteem (negative): People you value will think the worse of you if you do not comply. For example, you tell Dick that the whole family will be very disappointed in him if he gets poor grades.
In 1967, Marwell and Schmitt conducted experimental research, using the sixteen compliance gaining tactics and identified five basic compliance-gaining strategies: Rewarding activity, Punishing activity, Expertise, Activation of impersonal commitments, and Activation of personal commitments.
Power.
Another element of compliance-gaining was produced in the early 1960s, as French and Raven were researching the concepts of power, legitimacy, and politeness. They identified five influential aspects associated with power, which help illustrate elements of the study of compliance. The fives bases of power are as follows:
1. Reward Power: A person with reward power has control over some valued resource (e.g., promotions and raises).
2. Coercive Power: A person with coercive power has the ability to inflict punishments (e.g., fire you).
3. Expert Power: Expert power is based on what a person knows (e.g., you may do what a doctor tells you to do because they know more about medicine than you do).
4. Legitimate Power: Legitimate power is based on formal rank or position (e.g., you obey someone’s commands because they are the vice president in the company for which you work).
5. Referent Power: People have referent power when the person they are trying to influence wants to be like them (e.g., a mentor often has this type of power).
Techniques and terms.
The study of compliance gaining has been central in the development of many commonly used or heard of techniques. The following techniques are a few of what has evolved as a product of the study of compliance gaining strategies. Note, many of these techniques have been empirically documented increasing compliance.
Foot-in-the-door (FITD).
The FITD technique can be defined as a gradual-persuasion technique in which an initial, modest request precedes a larger request (Rodafinos, & Vucevic, & Sideridis., 2005). FITD is a simple technique where a person asks another for something to establish a relationship and get them to positively associate with what he is offering. The initial request must be small enough to ensure they don't reject it. Once the request is accepted, the person asks for something larger (e.g., money, participation, etc.). Since the individual succumbed to the first request, they have established a positive association with the stimulus, and see the larger request in terms of consistency with past actions.
For example, an activist knocks on a door and asks the person inside to sign a petition to help “save the whales,” and they do sign it. A few hours later the activist comes back and asks the same individual to donate $10 to save the whales. The initial request has increased the chance that the individual will grant the second one.

</doc>
<doc id="18637191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637191" title="Thinking of You (Hanson song)">
Thinking of You (Hanson song)

"Thinking of You" is a song written and performed by the American pop-rock band Hanson. It was the fifth and final single from the band's third album "Middle of Nowhere" (1997).
The single was a success in Australia and Finland, where it reached the top 10.
Track listings.
All songs written by Isaac Hanson, Taylor Hanson, and Zac Hanson; except "Weird" was written by Desmond Child and Hanson.
Thinking of You, Part 1:
Thinking of You, Part 2:
Thinking of You, Part 3:
Cover version.
"Thinking of You" was covered by the Baha Men in 2001 and appears on the album "2 Zero 0-0". 

</doc>
<doc id="18637205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637205" title="Beware (Big Pun song)">
Beware (Big Pun song)

"Beware" is a song by American rapper Big Pun, taken from his 1998 Grammy-nominated debut album "Capital Punishment". The song samples the line "I gave you fair warning... beware...beware..." which was used in Mobb Deep's unreleased track "Shook Ones Part 1" and also on their "The Infamous" album track "Party Over". The song was also used in the video game , on the fictitious East Coast rap station "The Liberty Jam".

</doc>
<doc id="18637215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637215" title="Ruggs, Oregon">
Ruggs, Oregon

Ruggs is an unincorporated community in Morrow County, Oregon, United States. Ruggs lies at the intersection of Oregon Route 206 and Oregon Route 207. Ruggs is east of Eightmile and southwest of Heppner. The community is part of the Pendleton–Hermiston Micropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="18637217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637217" title="Lee Yeon-hee">
Lee Yeon-hee

Lee Yeon-hee (born January 9, 1988) is a South Korean actress and model under record label and talent agency, S.M. Entertainment. She made her first appearance in Moon Heejun's music video, "ALONE" in 2001 and officially debuted in the Korean television drama, "Sea God" as young Junghwa in 2004. She played her first movie in 2006 known as "A Millionaire's First Love" as Eun-whan. 
Early life.
Lee was born in the Bundang district of Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. In the summer of 2001, thirteen-year-old Lee successfully signed a contract with S.M. Entertainment after she won the category of "Best Feature" in the SM Entertainment Best Youth contest. For the contest, she acted out a monologue, singing to Dana The Grace's "Until the End of the World", and also did freestyle modeling poses. After she joined the company, she began intense training lessons on acting, singing, and dancing.
Career.
Lee was one of the potentials of the trainee pool within SM Entertainment for Girls' Generation before the group debut on 2007. She decided to pursue an acting career and debuted as an actress. 
Soon after she joined SM Entertainment, Lee began her career by starring in music videos for SM artists, such as boy band TVXQ, Moon Heejun, KangTa, Shinhwa, and Fly to the Sky, overtaking SM artists Kim Bomi (of M.I.L.K.) and Lee Jiyeon (commonly known as LinA, of CSJH The Grace) as "The SM music video girl". In the span of one year, she starred in eight music videos compared to Kim Bomi's and Lee Jiyeon's five each within two years. Though Lee had relatively steady work between modelling in magazines, commercial ads and appearing in music videos, she did not officially debut until late 2004. In November, she had undertook a role in the popular historical drama "Sea God", and was featured a few months later in the latter episodes of the daily drama "My Precious Child." Her subsequent role in "Resurrection" brought the number of her drama appearances to three. Lee kept busy throughout the rest of 2005 by filming many commercials and modelling for various magazines.
Lee's big break came in the form of the movie "Millionaire's First Love" where she played a lead role alongside popular actor Hyun Bin. Lee resolved to "act as hard as she can with all that she's learned" for her movie debut. Through the movie she also made her singing debut, singing "Do Re Mi" from The Sound of Music and "Insa" on the film's original soundtrack.
Lee's name as "music video girl" became more apparent after labelmate Zhang Liyin's 2006 "Timeless" music video, where she starred alongside Super Junior's Han Geng and Choi Siwon. Two years later, the trio reunited for Zhang's "I WILL" and "The Left Shore of Happiness", which were released in early 2008 in China and weeks later, Korea. Together, netizens commonly termed the trio as "The "Timeless" Cast". She once again reprised her title in 2010, playing an angel in the label's project group S.M. The Ballad's music video for their debut single "Miss You".
In 2009, she starred as one of the main cast in East of Eden. Unfortunately her acting in the series was poorly received, with many calling it "weak" and "not living up to her full potential". As a singer, she was featured on Super Junior's third album Sorry Sorry. 
She participated at the "SMTown Live '10 World Tour". Her performances during the tour included a cover of the song "Slow Motion" which was originally sung by Karina Pasian. 
In 2011, as a celebration for her 23rd birthday, the actress held a photo exhibition/fan meeting. The exhibition went by the name of 'Time' and was held from February 11 to 13. During the exhibit, the star received much attention from the press as well as special visits from friends and labelmates.

</doc>
<doc id="18637219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637219" title="Pentax L40">
Pentax L40

The Pentax L40 (Optio) is a digital camera by Pentax which was released in October 2007. The digital camera has 8.0 megapixels, 22MB internal memory, 3x Optical zoom and a 4x Digital zoom.

</doc>
<doc id="18637220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637220" title="2008 Grand Prix (snooker)">
2008 Grand Prix (snooker)

The 2008 Royal London Watches Grand Prix professional ranking snooker tournament was held from 11–19 October 2008 at the S.E.C.C. in Glasgow, Scotland.
John Higgins won his first ranking event for 18 months by defeating Ryan Day 9–7 in the final.
Prize fund.
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below: 
Main draw.
Matches on Sunday 12 October were played on a roll on/roll off basis. Play started at the allocated time each day with a 15 minute interval between matches. The third and fourth match did not start before 3pm. The evening session did not start before the time indicated on the format. 
The draw for round one was made on completion of the qualifiers on 26 September 2008. The draw from round two up to and including the semi-finals was made on a random basis. The order of play and table numbers for all matches up to the semi-finals were determined once the draw for that round was made and published by the tournament director.
All matches up to and including the quarter-finals were best of 9 frames, semi-finals were best of 11 frames and the final was best of 17 frames. (Seedings in parentheses. All times are BST.)
Qualifying rounds.
These matches took place between 22 to 25 September 2008 at the Pontin's Centre, Prestatyn, Wales. 

</doc>
<doc id="18637229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637229" title="Waiting 'Round to Die">
Waiting 'Round to Die

"Waiting Round to Die" is a folk/country song written and recorded by Texas singer/songwriter Townes Van Zandt. One of Van Zandt's more famous songs, "Waiting 'Round to Die" chronicles the life of a fictional drifter as he passes sadly through the experiences of an abusive father, the abandonment of his mother, drug and alcohol abuse, fast women, and even prison. The song appeared first on Van Zandt's debut album, "For the Sake of the Song", in 1967, and later on his 1969 release "Townes Van Zandt". Several live albums, notably "Live at the Old Quarter, Houston, Texas" also feature the song.
The song appears on the classic documentary of 1970's outlaw country music, "Heartworn Highways", where Van Zandt is seen performing in his Austin, Texas home with his girlfriend Cindy, who later became his second wife, and his good friend the "Walking Blacksmith" Seymore Washington. At one point during the performance, Washington, a 75 year old man, is visibly seen crying as Van Zandt plays.
In a biographical documentary about the life and work of Townes Van Zandt, "Be Here to Love Me", Townes' first wife is seen informing the audience that "Waiting 'Round To Die" was the first song Van Zandt composed during their marriage in his small apartment in Houston, Texas.
The song was covered by The Lemonheads, The Be Good Tanyas, and was featured in an episode of "Breaking Bad".

</doc>
<doc id="18637237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637237" title="Palani (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Palani (Lok Sabha constituency)

Palani is a Lok Sabha constituency in Tamil Nadu
Assembly segments.
Palani Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18637239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637239" title="Clonbeith Castle">
Clonbeith Castle

The Castle of Clonbeith is in the old feudal Baillerie of Cunninghame, near Auchentiber, on a sideroad off the B778, in what is now North Ayrshire, Scotland.
Clonbeith Castle.
It was a simple oblong mansion, about forty feet by twenty-three feet with walls two and a half feet thick. The ground floor was vaulted and the entrance was central, leading into a passage with a straight staircase branching off to the right up to the first floor hall. A wheel-stair in a square chamber led to the upper floors. The hall was lit by windows in three of the walls and had a large fireplace on one side, and a circular bow window on the opposite side, boldly projected on a series of corbels (see photograph). The Renaissance style door bears the date 1607. The name 'Clonbeith' is said to be derived from the Celtic words 'Cluan', grazing land and 'Beithe', birch.
The lairds of Clonbeith.
Given as 'Klonbyith' by Pont in the 1690s it was then the property of William Cunningham, scion of this cadet branch of the Glencairn Cuninghames through those of Aiket Castle. He was married to Agnes who died in 1612.
In 1691 the Hearth Tax records show that 'Clonbeith House' had five hearths and nineteen other dwellings were associated with the house.
Alexander Cuningham (sic) is said to have assaulted a professor in the College gardens at Glasgow and was forced to make an open acknowledgment of his faults in front of an assembly of his friends. 
Together with around thirty other participants, it was John Cuningham shot and killed, the coup de gras, Hugh, the fourth Earl of Eglinton in 1586 and was caught hiding in a chimney at Hamilton Palace and was 'cut to pieces' by Robert, brother to Hugh and his supporters. Robert in the language of the time is said to have "honourably revenged" his brother's death, killing John Cunningham, in Hamilton, possibly at Hamilton palace.
James Cunningham of Clonbeith and Darnmuyle (1581) was the father of John Cunningham of Corsehill. 
Robertson points out that the various branches of the family spell their name differently; as Cunningham for Baidland and Clonbeith, Cunninghame for Glencairn and Corsehill, Cuninghame for Caddel and Monkredding, and finally Cuningham for Glengarnock. The Cunninghams of Clonbeith are usually referred to as being of 'Clonbeith and Darnmyule,' with Darmule being nearer Kilwinning.
Daniel Cunningham, whose wife was Mary Wallace, with the consent of his son William, sold the property to James Scott, Provost of Irvine in 1633. In 1691 Walter, brother of James, sold the lands to Patrick Warner, Minister of Irvine.
William Cunninghams wife was Jean; in 1717 a reference is made to a George Cunningham of Clonbeith.
In 1698 the Monkredding estate was sold to Hugh Cuninghame of Clonbeith, Writer to the Signet, and became the family seat.
The Lady of Clonbeith.
The 'Leddy o'Clumbeith' is a ghost story told by Dr. Duguid in the 1820s. A servant girl from the farm of Clonbeith was making her way to the Blair Tavern to keep a tryst when she fell into a mine shaft, horse and all, and was killed. Others say that her 'lad' killed her and then jumped into the shaft after her. Her ghost haunts the fields around Auchentiber.
The Lady in the peat.
Dr. Duguid in around the 1840s records that near Clumbeith (Clonbeith) on the way to 'Meg'swa's' he met Pate Glunch cutting peats. Pate was normally a still, dour man, but on this occasion he was highly animated and took the doctor to see the long dead corpse of a 'bonnie lady' lying in a hole in the peat. She was around 18 to 20 years of age, had rosy cheeks, a sweet smile playing around her lips and blonde hair. Her identity was unknown, but a rumour linked her to the family of Montgreenan.
Micro history.
In around 1691 the Rev Patrick Warner, having purchased Clonbeith and likewise purchased Scott's lands in Irvine, went on to drain much of the 'Loch of Irving' or Trindlemoss, later called Scott's Loch, after returning from exile in Holland.
The Cowlinn Burn runs down to join the Lugton Water at the site of Montgreenan castle or the Bishop's Palace. A dwelling called Cowlinn is marked on the Thomson's 1820 map and a Clonbeith Mill was nearby.
A limestone pit and workers row existed near the castle in the 19th century, providing a constant supply for the local limekilns.
A finely-shaped round and oval stone implement was found at Clonbeith or Clonkeith by Mr. Baird Kirkland in the 19th-century.

</doc>
<doc id="18637249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637249" title="Sergey Rusin">
Sergey Rusin

Sergey Rusin (; born 31 October 1959) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Soviet Union. He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, USSR, and is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 400 m freestyle at the 1977 European Championships in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18637268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637268" title="Pedee, Oregon">
Pedee, Oregon

Pedee is an unincorporated community in Polk County, Oregon, United States. Pedee is at the intersection of Oregon Route 223 and Maple Grove Road. It is part of the Salem Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="18637269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637269" title="Dariusz Romuzga">
Dariusz Romuzga

Dariusz Romuzga (born April 20, 1971) is a Polish footballer (striker) playing currently for Kmita Zabierzów.

</doc>
<doc id="18637307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637307" title="Shai Jahn Ghafoor">
Shai Jahn Ghafoor

Maulvi Abdul Ghaffar (died September 26, 2004) was an Afghan who was held by the United States in the Guantanamo Bay detainment camps, in Cuba. His Guantanamo Internment Serial Number was 363.
Shai Jahn Ghafoor was a citizen of Afghanistan. He was transferred to Afghanistan on March 23, 2003. He died September 25, 2004.
Maulvi Abdul Ghaffar has been cited as an example of a Guantanamo detainee who tricked their way out of imprisonment, so they could "return to the battlefield."
Vice President Dick Cheney cited Ghaffar as a justification for continuing to detain suspects at Guantanamo.
Ghaffar was captured about two months after the US Invasion of Afghanistan, and according to various accounts, he was only held by the Americans for eight months.
After his release Ghaffar served as a leader within the Taliban.
Ghaffar was killed in battle on September 26, 2004, in Uruzgan province.
Ghaffar was believed to have been the Taliban commander for Uruzgan.

</doc>
<doc id="18637315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637315" title="Hiroshi Tsuburaya">
Hiroshi Tsuburaya

Death.
Tsuburaya died of liver cancer on July 24, 2001 due to alcoholism developed through the years. He was 37 years old. His best friends, actors Hiroshi Watari who was best known for his portrayal of the Titular Hero in Sharivan & Spielvan and Ryosuke Yamamoto, attended his funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="18637318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637318" title="Kent, Oregon">
Kent, Oregon

Kent is an unincorporated community in Sherman County, Oregon, United States. Although it is unincorporated, Kent has a post office with a ZIP code of 97033. Kent lies at the intersection of U.S. Route 97 and Dobie Point Road.
Climate.
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Kent has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18637332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637332" title="Addition (disambiguation)">
Addition (disambiguation)

Addition is the mathematical process of putting things together.
Addition may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18637349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637349" title="Makelesi Batimala">
Makelesi Batimala

Makelesi Bulikiobo Batimala (born October 23, 1977) is a Fiji Islands sprinter.
Biography.
Nicknamed the "Sprint Queen" by the "Fiji Times" and Fiji Village, she has represented her country in several international competitions, including the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. She won four gold medals at the 2003 South Pacific Games, in the 100m, 200m, 400m and 4x100m relay events. She also won the women's 200m sprint at the Australian Athletics Championships in 2008.
While taking part in the 2007 World Athletics Championships, she qualified to represent Fiji at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She will be Fiji's flag bearer at the Games' opening ceremony.
As of 2007, she held the Fiji national record for the women's 100 metre sprint, at 11.66 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="18637355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637355" title="Operation Head Start">
Operation Head Start

Operation Head Start was a program by the United States Air Force where bombers were launched from Loring Air Force Base and loitered off of the coast of western Greenland and eastern Canada. It was operational from mid-September 1958 to mid-December of that same year. It would eventually lead to Operation Chrome Dome, as it was part of a series of programs which showed that a continuous airborne alert could be achieved.
Background.
Operation Head Start was experimented at Loring Air Force Base, from September to December, 1958. Through the actions of the crewmembers, it helped to demonstrate that a continuous airborne alert could be maintained successfully.
Before each flight, a briefing would be held, alerting the crewmembers to basic world events as well as safety criteria. At least fifteen hours before takeoff, the crew would thoroughly pre-flight their aircraft. Inadvertently, this also increased efficiency in terms of maintenance and other pre-flight routines. For the next twelve hours, crewmembers would enter a period of uninterrupted rest, and use the next three hours to prepare for takeoff. During this final preparation, they would first be taken to the cafeteria, where they would be fed a meal high in protein. After their final briefing, two crewmembers would be sent to pick up specialized meals for their long flight (the meals would later be prepared in an oven during flight).
Every six hours, a bomber would then take off with live warheads and continue on a pre-determined path over Greenland and eastern Canada, a trip that would end twenty hours later. Frequently, "Foxtrot: No message required," messages would be sent to the bomber from Strategic Air Command headquarters at Offutt Air Force Base, with the idea that one of them could tell them to go to war, helping keep the crews on their feet. During their flight, many of the boom operators would enter admission into the "Million Pound Club", which meant that they had transferred a million or more pounds of fuel on ten sorties or less. The added benefit of the training runs, is that it made refuelling more routine. The corresponding group for the bomber crews would be the "One Gulp Club", for those who had taken on a hundred thousand pounds of fuel without a disconnect.
While entering the landing pattern, the tower would alert the crash trucks to travel to the runway and await landing. This was a standard procedure for all Head Start landings. After landing, the crew would be interrogated prior to being let go, so that maintenance, intelligence, and other crews could be alerted to the performance of the plane and other things that the crew might have noticed during their long flight. After being let go, they would typically go to the Physical Conditioning room for a steam bath and rub down.
After six sorties, each bomber would receive a major individual inspection, allowing for it to be rotated out of the cycle.
Phases.
Head Start was directed to occur in three phases. Phase I would be a practising of the above procedures. Phase II would be a standing down of the wing, with one squadron being dispersed to Bergstrom Air Force Base in Texas. Phase III would include operating the above procedures, but using Bergstrom as a base of operations as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18637361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637361" title="Cave-Browne-Cave">
Cave-Browne-Cave

Cave-Browne-Cave is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18637365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637365" title="Sigurbjörn Einarsson">
Sigurbjörn Einarsson

Sigurbjörn Einarsson (30 June 1911 – 28 August 2008) was an Icelandic clergyman and doctor of theology who served as the Bishop of Iceland (head of the Lutheran Church of Iceland) 1959–1981. His son, Karl Sigurbjörnsson, later served as Bishop of Iceland 1998–2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18637373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637373" title="Woods, Oregon">
Woods, Oregon

Woods is an unincorporated community in Tillamook County, Oregon, United States. Woods lies at the intersection of Brooten Road, Resort Drive, and Ferry Road and is just north of Pacific City.

</doc>
<doc id="18637379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637379" title="DeRose">
DeRose

DeRose or Derose is a French surname that was first used seen and recorded in Limousin. It also occurs as an Italian surname (although DeRosa is more common in Italy).
It can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18637388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637388" title="Wooden reed care">
Wooden reed care

Due to their natural composition, wooden musical reeds may hold bacteria or mold, which can affect one's health and the quality of sound produced. Some of the basic instruments that use wooden reeds include the clarinet, saxophone, oboe and bassoon. Proper care of reeds will extend their longevity and control bacterial growth.
Reed care.
Reed preparation.
Wooden reeds must be moistened prior to playing. Many musicians place the reed in their mouths to moisten them with saliva. In preparing the reed for playing, water is less corrosive than saliva. Soaking a reed in water for about five minutes is a good alternative to saliva. It also reduces the chance of food particles damaging the reed. However, soaking reeds in already humid weather may cause them to become water-logged; extreme environments can damage reeds. They should not be kept too dry or too wet, or they will become warped.
Dark spots on new reeds are not an indication that the reeds are poor, but if the dark spots have formed after several uses, it may be an indication of mold growth. Therefore, it is also suggested that one soak one's reed in hydrogen peroxide. Five minutes a day is sufficient to keep the reed clean from bacteria and mold. It should also destroy any salivary enzymes that may have collected on the reed while playing. If hydrogen peroxide is not available, musicians need to be sure to rinse the reed in running water and then dry it before storing.
Reed storage.
Reed storage affects the reed life and may help or hinder bacterial and mold growth. Putting a dirty reed in a reed case just allows mold and bacteria to grow in the case every time the reed is placed in it. Mold can also grow if reeds are kept in a tightly sealed container in humid environments. Every time the container is opened moisture is caught inside, allowing mold to grow. Storage in a cool, dry environment, like a refrigerator, helps to slow microbial growth. Light and ultraviolet radiation will not damage the reed structure unless exposure time is excessive or if radiation levels are high. A cool cabinet with a desiccant, such as calcium sulfate, can also serve as a good storage area. Not only do cooler environments discourage bacterial growth, but there are almost no harmful effects on a normal reed. 
Heat can have a damaging effect on the chemical authenticity of the reed. Soaking the reed in nearly boiling water is not recommended for cleaning. The hydrogen bonds begin to break down between 60 degrees C and 80 degrees C. At 100 degrees C much of the molecular structure is lost. Heating dry wood can also cause splitting. When not being used, reeds should be kept covered. There are many products available specifically for reed storage.
Personal hygiene and reed care.
Reed longevity is affected by the musician's personal hygiene habits. As many band directors encourage, eating prior to playing is not good for one's instrument or for one's own health. Old food is a gold mine for bacterial growth, especially microbial flora. Appropriately, one might brush their teeth, floss, and use mouthwash, before and after playing to lower risks of illness. Using a reed while sick with a cold increases mucous discharge from the throat and lungs onto the reed. This will more quickly strip hemicellulose from the reed. Hemicellulose maintains the reed's ability to hold water. Using a reed while sick quickly decreases the reed's ability to absorb water; this is irreversible damage. Also, using a reed while sick increases the chance for reinfection. It is common that musicians just use old spent reeds while ill to keep from damaging good reeds.
The effect of saliva on reeds.
pH Levels.
Normally, saliva is slightly acidic and has a pH less than 7, but it can vary between 6 and 8. The pH inside the mouth depends on the salival flow rate because the higher the flow rate of saliva the more salival bicarbonates are present. Bicarbonates in the saliva raise the pH inside the mouth. When there is no or low saliva flow, also known as xerostomia, the pH inside the mouth is around 6. When salival flow rate is high the pH is about 8. During a concert, if a musician is suffering from xerostomia, also known as dry mouth, the saliva pH is expected to be acidic.
Nervousness in concert situations can also lead to xerostomia, but more importantly nervousness can cause rapid breathing. This increases carbon dioxide (CO2 ) flow out of the body and causes respiratory alkalosis. The decrease in CO2 affects the amount of bicarbonates available. Salivary bicarbonates are synthesized from CO2. The less CO2 available, the fewer bicarbonates can be synthesized; therefore, the pH drops. Under this condition it is wise to use salival flow stimulants. Continually changing the pH environment the reed encounters damages the reed. If the pH level inside the mouth can be kept at rehearsal level, the life of the reed will increase.
Consequently, the environment for regular rehearsal differs. The musician may not be as nervous, and they might be holding their breath more to play. Holding one's breath increases CO2, also known as respiratory acidosis. Therefore, saliva is expected to be more alkaline. In a reeds life, it is more likely to face alkaline environments because rehearsals occur more often than concerts. The alkaline environment increases the amount of hemicellulose stripped from the reed matrix. Although hemicellulose is depleted, it is better for the reed to remain in an overall consistent environment.
Contaminants in saliva.
Even though salival pH decreases the hemicelluloses coating on reeds, it has little effect on the reed matrix compared to the contaminants found in saliva. Amines and glycoproteins have been found in the reed matrix: salivary mucosins, Proline-rich Glycoproteins, alpha-amylases, peroxidase, Carbonic Anhydrase, Fucose-rich glycoproteins, Immunoglobulin, Kallikrein, Lactoferrin, and Fibronectrin.
Oral bacterium already in one's mouth removes the sugar containing components from glycoproteins in saliva. This removal of sugar forms a precipitate or a non-soluble by-product. The protein precipitate formed in saliva is normally rich in calcium and low in solubility. Also, alpha-amylase contains a significant level of sialic acid. When alpha-amylase combines with saliva, the enzymes hydrolyze and release the sialic acid, forming another water insoluble precipitate. These two precipitates combine to form an impenetrable layer on the reed, which prevent the reed from fully hydrating. In time, the reed will become stiff and brittle.
Types of Bacteria found in reeds.
Streptococcal bacteria have been found living inside the walls of water-conducting xylem cells in spent reeds. Streptococcal bacterium is a common bacterium that causes illness to the throat, including sore throat and strep throat.
Also the common bacterium, Staphalcoccus Epidermitis, completely covers the reed. It is also found all over the mouth and hands on virtually everyone; therefore, it is innocuous. Staphalcoccus Epidermitis is known as one of the bacteria which remove the sugars from saliva, which causes the deposition of sialic acid. This type of bacteria becomes dormant in the absence of water. Drying reeds before storing will help stop the growth of Staphalcoccus Epidermitis.
The effect of bacteria on reeds.
Bacterium affects the playability of the reed in three ways. First, it adds mass to the reed tip. A bacterial coating actually dampens the vibrating reed, causing it to play at lower frequencies. Secondly, it reduces the reed's range of motion and bending. This will decrease the reeds ability to maintain sound. Lastly, it changes the overall shape of the reed, which directly affects the tone quality.
The Effect of Reed Bacteria on the Body.
The bacteria found covering reeds may cause respiratory infections such as colds, influenza, pneumonia, tuberculosis, herpes fibrilis (cold sores), and other rare diseases. However, contact is necessary for the transfer of microbial infection. The airborne organisms are known to be virtually harmless. Infection will not spread between musicians unless there is contact with the bacteria.
Specifically, streptococci can cause varying levels of infections from mild to life-threatening. Starting in the 1980s, group A streptococci have increased in prevalence and have been the cause of rheumatic fever and other invasive infections. The mucous membranes found in the nose and throat are primary sites for infection and transmission of group A streptococci. The mucus membranes are in direct contact with the reed during playing; therefore, if infection does occur it is likely it will derive from the group A streptococci. 
When group A streptococcal infects the throat, it is also known as streptococcal pharyngitis, or strep throat. Redness, trouble swallowing, swelling of regional lymph nodes, and localized pain are common complaints of streptococcal pharyngitis. Leukocytosis, an abnormally high white blood level, is a common reaction to the infection. Streptococcal pharyngitis is most prevalent during colder seasons. Many marching bands play on cold nights at football games. Exposing musicians to such weather and bacterium may increase the likelihood of infection.
Notes.
I am a woodwind player and retired high school band director. In this article there are incorrect remarks. First of all, these reeds are not made of wood. They are made from a special kind of cane that is grown in Spain, and France.

</doc>
<doc id="18637401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637401" title="Las Vegas City Hall (1973)">
Las Vegas City Hall (1973)

Las Vegas City Hall was the center of municipal government for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. It is located downtown, with its main entrance on Stewart Avenue. It is cited as an example of 1960s modern architecture. The original eleven-story central tower was completed in 1973. An addition was completed in 2003 which included a three story surround to the central tower. The addition includes additional office space, a parking deck, and a sky bridge to connect the parking deck to the structure. The addition won the American Institute of Architects Nevada Citation award in 2003.
In November of 2010, online retailer Zappos.com announced it would buy and use the building as its new company headquarters.
New Las Vegas City Hall and Zappos Purchase.
In 2010, construction for a new city hall building began at a different site and the city government vacated the old building in early 2012. The building, being purchased by The Resort Gaming Group, will be occupied in 2013 by Zappos after an extensive renovation.

</doc>
<doc id="18637410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637410" title="Portfolio manager">
Portfolio manager

A portfolio manager is either a person who makes investment decisions using money other people have placed under his or her control or a person who manages a financial institution's asset and liability (loan and deposit) portfolios.
On the investments side, they work with a team of analysts and researchers, and are ultimately responsible for establishing an investment strategy, selecting appropriate investments and allocating each investment properly for a fund- or asset-management vehicle.
Portfolio managers are presented with investment ideas from internal buy-side analysts and sell-side analysts from investment banks. It is their job to sift through the relevant information and use their judgment to buy and sell securities. Throughout each day, they read reports, talk to company managers and monitor industry and economic trends looking for the right company and time to invest the portfolio's capital.
A team of analysts and researchers are ultimately responsible for establishing an investment strategy, selecting appropriate investments and allocating each investment properly for a fund or asset-management vehicle.
Portfolio managers make decisions about investment mix and policy, matching investments to objectives, asset allocation for individuals and institutions, and balancing risk against performance.
Portfolio management is about strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats in the choice of debt vs. equity, domestic vs. international, growth vs. safety, and other tradeoffs encountered in the attempt to maximize return at a given appetite for risk. 
In the case of mutual and exchange-traded funds (ETFs), there are two forms of portfolio management: passive and active. Passive management simply tracks a market index, commonly referred to as indexing or index investing. Active management involves a single manager, co-managers, or a team of managers who attempt to beat the market return by actively managing a fund's portfolio through investment decisions based on research and decisions on individual holdings. Closed-end funds are generally actively managed..

</doc>
<doc id="18637421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637421" title="Tensor derivative (continuum mechanics)">
Tensor derivative (continuum mechanics)

The derivatives of scalars, vectors, and second-order tensors with respect to second-order tensors are of considerable use in continuum mechanics. These derivatives are used in the theories of nonlinear elasticity and plasticity, particularly in the design of algorithms for numerical simulations.
The directional derivative provides a systematic way of finding these derivatives. 
Derivatives with respect to vectors and second-order tensors.
The definitions of directional derivatives for various situations are given below. It is assumed that the functions are sufficiently smooth that derivatives can be taken.
Derivatives of scalar valued functions of vectors.
Let "f"(v) be a real valued function of the vector v. Then the derivative of "f"(v) with respect to v (or at v) in the direction u is the vector defined as
for all vectors u.
"Properties:"
1) If formula_2 then formula_3
2) If formula_4 then formula_5
3) If formula_6 then formula_7
Derivatives of vector valued functions of vectors.
Let f(v) be a vector valued function of the vector v. Then the derivative of f(v) with respect to v (or at v) in the direction u is the second order tensor defined as
for all vectors u.
Derivatives of scalar valued functions of second-order tensors.
Let formula_15 be a real valued function of the second order tensor formula_16. Then the derivative of formula_15 with respect to formula_16 (or at formula_16) in the direction formula_20 is the second order tensor defined as
for all second order tensors formula_20.
Derivatives of tensor valued functions of second-order tensors.
Let formula_29 be a second order tensor valued function of the second order tensor formula_16. Then the derivative of formula_29 with respect to formula_16 (or at formula_16) in the direction formula_20 is the fourth order tensor defined as
for all second order tensors formula_20.
Gradient of a tensor field.
The gradient, formula_45, of a tensor field formula_46 in the direction of an arbitrary constant vector c is defined as:
The gradient of a tensor field of order "n" is a tensor field of order "n"+1.
Cartesian coordinates.
If formula_48 are the basis vectors in a Cartesian coordinate system, with coordinates of points denoted by (formula_49), then the gradient of the tensor field formula_20 is given by
Since the basis vectors do not vary in a Cartesian coordinate system we have the following relations for the gradients of a scalar field formula_52, a vector field v, and a second-order tensor field formula_16.
Curvilinear coordinates.
If formula_55 are the contravariant basis vectors in a curvilinear coordinate system, with coordinates of points denoted by (formula_56), then the gradient of the tensor field formula_20 is given by (see for a proof.)
From this definition we have the following relations for the gradients of a scalar field formula_52, a vector field v, and a second-order tensor field formula_16.
where the Christoffel symbol formula_62 is defined using
Cylindrical polar coordinates.
In cylindrical coordinates, the gradient is given by
Divergence of a tensor field.
The divergence of a tensor field formula_46 is defined using the recursive relation
where c is an arbitrary constant vector and v is a vector field. If formula_20 is a tensor field of order "n" > 1 then the divergence of the field is a tensor of order "n"−1.
Cartesian coordinates.
In a Cartesian coordinate system we have the following relations for a vector field v and a second-order tensor field formula_16.
Note that in the case of the second-order tensor field, we have
Curvilinear coordinates.
In curvilinear coordinates, the divergences of a vector field v and a second-order tensor field formula_16 are
Cylindrical polar coordinates.
In cylindrical polar coordinates
Curl of a tensor field.
The curl of an order-"n" > 1 tensor field formula_46 is also defined using the recursive relation 
where c is an arbitrary constant vector and v is a vector field.
Curl of a first-order tensor (vector) field.
Consider a vector field v and an arbitrary constant vector c. In index notation, the cross product is given by
where formula_77 is the permutation symbol. Then,
Therefore
Curl of a second-order tensor field.
For a second-order tensor formula_16 
Hence, using the definition of the curl of a first-order tensor field, 
Therefore, we have
Identities involving the curl of a tensor field.
The most commonly used identity involving the curl of a tensor field, formula_20, is
This identity hold for tensor fields of all orders. For the important case of a second-order tensor, formula_16, this identity implies that
Derivative of the determinant of a second-order tensor.
The derivative of the determinant of a second order tensor formula_88 is given by
In an orthonormal basis, the components of formula_88 can be written as a matrix A. In that case, the right hand side corresponds the cofactors of the matrix.
Derivatives of the invariants of a second-order tensor.
The principal invariants of a second order tensor are
The derivatives of these three invariants with respect to formula_88 are
Derivative of the second-order identity tensor.
Let formula_94 be the second order identity tensor. Then the derivative of this tensor with respect to a second order tensor formula_88 is given by
This is because formula_94 is independent of formula_88.
Derivative of a second-order tensor with respect to itself.
Let formula_88 be a second order tensor. Then
Therefore,
Here formula_102 is the fourth order identity tensor. In index 
notation with respect to an orthonormal basis
This result implies that
where
Therefore, if the tensor formula_88 is symmetric, then the derivative is also symmetric and
we get
where the symmetric fourth order identity tensor is
Derivative of the inverse of a second-order tensor.
Let formula_88 and formula_20 be two second order tensors, then 
In index notation with respect to an orthonormal basis
We also have
In index notation 
If the tensor formula_88 is symmetric then
Integration by parts.
Another important operation related to tensor derivatives in continuum mechanics is integration by parts. The formula for integration by parts can be written as
where formula_118 and formula_119 are differentiable tensor fields of arbitrary order, formula_120 is the unit outward normal to the domain over which the tensor fields are defined, formula_121 represents a generalized tensor product operator, and formula_122 is a generalized gradient operator. When formula_118 is equal to the identity tensor, we get the divergence theorem
We can express the formula for integration by parts in Cartesian index notation as
For the special case where the tensor product operation is a contraction of one index and the gradient operation is a divergence, and both formula_118 and formula_119 are second order tensors, we have
In index notation,

</doc>
<doc id="18637429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637429" title="Troy, Oregon">
Troy, Oregon

Troy is an unincorporated community in rural Wallowa County, Oregon, United States at the conflux of the Grande Ronde and Wenaha rivers and Courtney Creek. Troy is west of Flora on Oregon Route 3 close to the Washington state line. It is known for its excellent river fishing, and has an RV park and two fishing lodges, as well as a restaurant. There are no other businesses, and the only service is a small public school.
Troy began to form in the late 1890s, with the establishment in the area of a Mormon settlement called "Nauvoo". A post office was opened in 1902, and a formal town was platted in 1910. In 1931, the name of the town was officially changed to Troy, presumably honoring a son of the area's original Mormon settlers, Troy Grinstead. A ferry may have already been serving the Grande Ronde River at the location. The town was always a service center for the surrounding farms and ranches, and a "fisherman's getaway paradise" in its relative isolation and lack of commercial enterprise.
With the arisal of the "urban drift" in the 1960s, the small town's population dwindled, services which could also be found in nearby Flora closed. The closure of the post office in 1965 reduced the town to a its present status as a fishing vacation site, with a permanent residence estimated at 25-30 people.

</doc>
<doc id="18637446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637446" title="Mark Payne (makeup artist)">
Mark Payne (makeup artist)

Mark Payne is a three-time Emmy award winning celebrity makeup artist, multiple award winning filmmaker and author
Early life.
Mark Payne started his career as a performer. At the age of twelve, Payne began making home movies of himself performing as his favorite singers. He involved his mother, grandmother and neighbors in the creative process. Acting as his own agent, he used these home movies as demo tapes which led to headlining dates in Europe and Australia. By the age of sixteen, he had performed as the opening act for Bob Hope and Milton Berle.
Payne morphed his talent into several incarnations. He was a successful performer, singer and recording artist. He also designed clothing for a well-known brand and under his own name. Many celebrities including Madonna and Cher have purchased his clothing.
Makeup artist.
In 1996, while in Texas taking care of his dying grandmother, Payne followed in his mother's footsteps and began working as a makeup artist. In 1997, he met makeup artist Laura Mercier who encouraged him to move to New York. In 1997, Payne collaborated on a Harper Collins book called "Double Take: The Art Of The Celebrity MakeOver".
In 1997, Payne transformed Sally Jessy Raphael into Liza Minnelli launching his career in television makeup. He then began working on "One Life To Live", gaining him his first Emmy nomination in 2001. In 2004, Payne won his first Emmy for his work on "Regis & Kelly", winning a second Emmy the following year. In 2008, 2009 and 2011, he was nominated for six Emmy's for his work on the Food Network series "Sandra Lee Semi-Homemade", 2012 brought his third Emmy win for that show. 
Payne has appeared as a makeover expert on television shows including "The Rosie O'Donnell Show"; "The View"; "Fashion Emergency" and "Live With Regis & Kelly". Considered "a renowned leader in the field of beauty", he is a regular contributor to Elle; In Style and Allure fashion magazines. In November 2006, he received "The Best Of Beauty" award by Allure magazine.
He has worked with numerous celebrities including Beyoncé, Courtney Thorne-Smith, Jane Seymour, Paris Hilton, Sting and Kelly Ripa.
McCartney divorce.
His friendship with Paul McCartney and Heather Mills put him in the middle of the media frenzy surrounding their divorce. Payne was often at Mills side during public appearances and the very public divorce trial in February 2008. In July 2006, while with Mills, Payne was assaulted by Jay Kaycappa in Brighton, England. Kaycappa was a notorious paparazzo trying to photograph Mills for the tabloids. There was a much publicized trial the following summer. Kaycappa, who had 132 previous criminal convictions, was found guilty and sentenced to a 140-hour community order and ordered to pay Payne £50., Mills £100. and £1,000. court costs.
Currently.
Heather Mills first made Payne aware of the importance of “Green” products and the Vegan lifestyle. He has become very conscious of the environment and believes "you are what you eat."
While working on a tribute video about Payne, a friend asked Payne for his assistance in compiling film footage from his childhood performances. Because of Payne's intimate knowledge of the hundreds of hours of footage, it was a natural decision for him to direct. In 2008, he directed his first film Get Happy (2008 Film) which has won fourteen awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18637447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637447" title="Priestley Swain">
Priestley Swain

Edgar Priestley Swain (1881–1949) was the fourth Bishop of Burnley from 1931 until 1950. Educated at St John's College, Cambridge and Ripon College Cuddesdon, he was successively Curate of " Holy Trinity with All Souls, Birchfield", Chaplain to the Bishop of Birmingham, Vicar of Putney and Rural Dean of Barnes before ascending to the Episcopate. A man “whose great gifts marked him out for preferment", his scholarship was considered a great asset to the Church in the mid Twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="18637449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637449" title="Jorge Recalde">
Jorge Recalde

Jorge Raúl Recalde (August 9, 1951 – March 10, 2001) was an Argentine rally driver born in Mina Clavero.
Biography.
Recalde had a great knowledge of the roads of the Sierras de Córdoba, and began racing in 1970 in the "Turismo Mejorado" class. He won his first rally in 1971.
Nicknamned "El Cóndor de Traslasierra", Recalde was an enthusiastic promoter of motorsports in the Córdoba region of Argentina. He was the only Argentine to have won the Rally Argentina, doing so in a Lancia Delta Integrale in 1988, also becoming the only Argentine to win a World Rally Championship round. He won the event again in 1995, when it was part of the 2-litre world championship due to the WRC round rotation system.
Recalde died of myocardial infarction while competing in the ninth edition of the Villa Dolores rally. On May 4, 2005, the Argentine National Congress passed national law number 26,030 declaring Recalde's home town of Mina Clavero as the national capital of rally and the date of his death March 10 as "Día Nacional del Rally Argentino" (National day of Argentine rally) in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="18637460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637460" title="USS Hackberry (AN-25)">
USS Hackberry (AN-25)

USS "Hackberry" (YN-20/AN-25) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was originally ordered and laid down as USS "Maple" (YN-20) but renamed shortly before her October 1941 launch. She was later transferred to the French Navy as "Araignée" (A727).
Career.
"Hackberry" (YN-20), originally "Maple" but renamed before launching 28 October 1941 by American Shipbuilding Company. Cleveland, Ohio. She was commissioned 21 December 1942. Lt. C. B. Wegner in command.
Following shakedown and training exercises out of Tompkinsville. Rhode Island, the net tender was assigned to North African waters, reporting 12 April 1943. She operated in Palermo harbor towing and acting as cable recovery and salvage vessel. During her stay in Palermo "Hackberry" installed boom defenses at Catania, Sicily, and operated briefly in the harbor at Naples, Italy.
As the pincers were applied to the Axis in Europe, "Hackberry" took part in the important landings in southern France. Arriving off the beaches 15 August, the ship helped transport garrison troops from the newly-won Alpha beach to Isle du Levant. 
"Hackberry" remained in the area as Allied troops pushed forward from the beachhead, coming under fire from German shore batteries 22 August. With the capture of Toulon, the ship returned to her regular duties, clearing away the net and other harbor obstructions. 
Redesignated ("AN-25") 20 January 1944, "Hackberry" operated at Toulon and Marseille until being turned over to the French government under lend-lease 12 November 1944.
Hackberry was returned to U.S. custody from lend-lease 21 March 1949 and was sold the same day to France, where she served as "Araignée". 
In the summer of 1949, she sailed to Indochina with two small tugs in tow, and in February 1950, she sailed the reurn trip with "Intraitable" in tow. From then, she served in Toulon, and in Brest from 1956.
"Araignée" was decommissioned in 1977, and used as a pontoon hulk until 1985, when she was sold for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="18637468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637468" title="SECAN">
SECAN

SECAN, "Société d'Etudes et de Construction Aéro-Navales" was a French aircraft manufacturer, a branch of the "Société des Usines Chaussons" (SUC).

</doc>
<doc id="18637481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637481" title="Martha Gehman">
Martha Gehman

Martha Gehman is an American actress, perhaps best known for her role as Ophelia in the 1985 cult classic "The Legend of Billie Jean".
She also had supporting roles in "The Flamingo Kid", "F/X", "Threesome"
and "A Kiss Before Dying".
Gehman has a twin sister, Abbie, and is the daughter of actress Estelle Parsons and Richard Gehman.

</doc>
<doc id="18637482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637482" title="Thoha Khalsa">
Thoha Khalsa

Thoha Khalsa is a town in the Islamabad Capital Territory of Pakistan.
Geography.
It is located at 33°31'0N 73°25'60E at an altitude of 700 metres (2299 feet) and lies south-east of the city of Islamabad. It was part of Rawalpindi District and later Islamabad Capital Territory.
History.
Rawalpindi District has been inhabited for thousands of years, it is believed that a distinct culture flourished on this plateau as far back as c. 1000 BC. The material remains found at the site prove the existence of a Buddhist establishment contemporary to Taxila and of a Vedic civilisation. The nearby town of Taxila has another significance; according to the Guinness Book of World Records it has the world's oldest university - Takshashila University. In Takshashila, 12 miles north-west of Rawalpindi, traces of at least 55 stupas, 28 Buddhist monasteries, 9 temples, a copper plate inscribed with the name Takshashila, a vase with Kharoshthi script among other things have been found.
In 997 CE, Sultan Mahmud Ghaznavi, took over the Ghaznavid dynasty empire established by his father, Sultan Sebuktegin, In 1005 he conquered the Shahis in Kabul in 1005, and followed it by the conquests of Punjab region. The Delhi Sultanate and later Mughal Empire ruled the region. The Punjab region became predominantly Muslim due to missionary Sufi saints whose dargahs dot the landscape of Punjab region.
After the decline of the Mughal Empire, the Sikh invaded and occupied Rawalpindi District. The Muslims faced severe restrictions during the Sikh rule. Thoha khalsa was the only Sikh majority village in the predominantly Muslim district. A scenic valley surrounded by low heights hilltops. During the period of British rule, Thoha Khalsa increased in population and importance.
During the period of British rule, Rawalpindi District increased in population and importance. The predominantly Muslim population supported Muslim League and Pakistan Movement. After the independence of Pakistan in 1947, the minority Hindus and Sikhs migrated to India while the Muslims refugees from India settled down in the Rawalpindi District.
Thoha Khalsa in a very old village (known as a small city amongst the local) which has almost 50,000+ population, it has two big government schools in the main Thoha Khalsa. Sikhs shrine are located in the village. People have preserved Pothohari culture through various festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="18637484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637484" title="S-unit">
S-unit

In mathematics, in the field of algebraic number theory, an S-unit generalises the idea of unit of the ring of integers of the field. Many of the results which hold for units are also valid for "S"-units.
Definition.
Let "K" be a number field with ring of integers "R". Let "S" be a finite set of prime ideals of "R". An element "x" of "K" is an "S"-unit if the principal fractional ideal ("x") is a product of primes in "S" (to positive or negative powers). For the ring of rational integers Z one may take "S" to be a finite set of prime numbers and define an "S"-unit to be a rational number whose numerator and denominator are divisible only by the primes in "S".
Properties.
The "S"-units form a multiplicative group containing the units of "R". 
Dirichlet's unit theorem holds for "S"-units: the group of "S"-units is finitely generated, with rank (maximal number of multiplicatively independent elements) equal to "r" + "s", where "r" is the rank of the unit group and "s" = |"S"|.
S-unit equation.
The S-unit equation is a Diophantine equation
with "u", "v" restricted to being "S"-units of "K". The number of solutions of this equation is finite and the solutions are effectively determined using estimates for linear forms in logarithms as developed in transcendence theory. A variety of Diophantine equations are reducible in principle to some form of the "S"-unit equation: a notable example is Siegel's theorem on integral points on elliptic curves, and more generally superelliptic curves of the form "yn=f(x)".

</doc>
<doc id="18637496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637496" title="1938 National Challenge Cup">
1938 National Challenge Cup

The 1938 National Challenge Cup was the annual open cup held by the United States Football Association now known as the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. Scheduled as follows: First Round on or before January 16, Second Round on or before January 30, Quarterfinals February 13, Semifinals East February 26, 27, West February 20, 27.
Western Division.
a) aggregate after 3 games

</doc>
<doc id="18637501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637501" title="David Menefee">
David Menefee

David Wayne Menefee is an American writer. His published works include "Sarah Bernhardt in the Theater of Films and Sound Recordings" (McFarland 2003), "The First Female Stars: Women of the Silent Era" (Greenwood/Praeger 2004), "The First Male Stars: Men of the Silent Era" (BearManor Media 2007), "George O'Brien: A Man's Man in Hollywood" (BearManor Media 2010), and ""Otay!" The Billy "Buckwheat" Thomas Story" (BearManor Media 2010). His "Richard Barthelmess: A Life in Pictures "(BearManor Media 2009) was named by the "San Francisco Examiner" as one of the Top Ten Film Books of 2009.
Biography.
He was born in Fort Worth, Texas, a member of the well-known Menefee family, one of the earliest settlers in Texas. The Menefee family is honored with an historical marker administered by the Texas Historical Commission. His great-great-grandfather, William Menefee, was one of the signers of the Texas Declaration of Independence from Mexico. William’s portrait hangs in the San Jacinto Monument in San Jacinto, Texas.
David’s writing career began in 1979 as a writer and marketing representative for the Dallas Times Herald for twelve years during an era characterized by fierce competition with an archrival, the Dallas Morning News. In 1991, the Dallas Morning News bought out their rival, closed its doors, and within weeks, razed the building to the ground. Associates from the Dallas Morning News invited David to join their operation, which then combined their circulation with subscribers obtained in their acquisition of the Dallas Times Herald. David took on leadership responsibilities with their locally produced version of Parade Magazine, for which he anonymously contributed many articles.
Menefee, like many of his contemporaries, broke away from the newspaper industry in 2003 when failing economics forced many publications to downsize or close altogether. He struck out on his own as a freelance writer, immediately finding success with a string of books about the silent film era:
Sarah Bernhardt in the Theater of Films and Sound Recordings (McFarland 2003)
The First Female Stars: Women of the Silent Era (Greenwood Praeger 2004)
The First Male Stars: Men of the Silent Era (BearManor Media 2008)
In 2006, David worked for Brown Books Publishing Group, serving as Editor on Sonnets by Robert Brown, Slaves to Medicine by Dr. George Beauchamp, and Downtown Dallas: Romantic Past, Modern Renaissance by Mark Rice. That year, he also collaborated with Richard Davis on Lilian Hall-Davis: The English Rose, a biography of Britain’s famous silent film star.
In 2007, David embarked on a long effort to research many stars from the Golden Age of Hollywood. He visited and communicated with major archives around the world in a detailed exploration of archive contents to unearth the rarest materials available for several upcoming biographies. In 2008, after amassing enough materials for several books, David began a lengthy journey working on multiple projects developed to appear in print and online in the following two years.
In 2009, David worked for BearManor Media, serving as Editor on Best in Hollywood: The Good, The Bad, and the Beautiful by James Best and Jim Clark, Burlesque: A Living History by Jane Briggeman, Johnny Olson: A Voice in Time by Randy West. Also in 2009, David was the accredited author of Richard Barthelmess: A Life in Pictures.
In 2010, David shared credit along with William Thomas, Jr. on "Otay" The Billy "Buckwheat" Thomas Story, and he also edited Tales from the Script by accredited author Gene Perrett, Six Cult Films from the Sixties by accredited author Ib Melchior, Will the Real Me Please Stand Up by accredited author Christopher Knopf, Endless Summer: My Life With The Beach Boys by accredited author Jack Lloyd, Confessions of a Scream Queen by accredited author Matt Beckoff, as well as Now and Then, The Movies Get It Right by Neal Stannard.
Early in 2010, David released "George O'Brien: A Man's Man in Hollywood", the first full-length biography and filmography of one of Hollywood's most beloved stars. That book struck a particularly responsive audience. David earned many positive reviews, including this one from John Gallagher in the April 2010 The National Board of Review: "BEAR MANOR MEDIA has a simply incredible catalogue of pop culture books, incredible for digging far deeper into film, TV and radio history than any major publisher would ever dare. Take for example David W. Menefee’s biography, George O’Brien: A Man’s Man in Hollywood, a thorough examination of the life and career of this great silent star, the leading man of Murnau’s epochal SUNRISE (1927). O’Brien had a special relationship with John Ford, and was his favorite pre-John Wayne leading man, starring in the Master’s first smash hit, THE IRON HORSE (1924), and THANK YOU (1925), THE FIGHTING HEART (1925), 3 BAD MEN (1926), THE BLUE EAGLE (1926), and the early talkies SALUTE (1929) and THE SEAS BENEATH (1931). O’Brien loved doing outdoors pictures and happily starred in dozens of B Westerns during the 30s before being cast by Ford in FORT APACHE (1948) and SHE WORE A YELLOW RIBBON (1939). O’Brien would also appear in Ford’s final Western, CHEYENNE AUTUMN (1964). Menefee has done his research here, accessing the O’Brien estate, and loading the book with great graphics and rare photos. O’Brien was the son of the Chief of Police of San Francisco, and the author does a particularly excellent job in recreating the details of the 1906 earthquake and fire, which the O’Brien family survived."
Another important review was earned for that book when Cynthia Tobar from the Mina Rees Library at CUNY Graduate Center wrote, "One can't help but envision George O'Brien as anything less than a hero in life as well as on screen when reading David W. Menefee's richly detailed biography. This touching tribute pays homage to an actor popular with directors and audiences alike . . . researchers will marvel at Menefee's ability to seamlessly interweave absorbing narratives of the lives of those who crossed paths with O'Brien or helped him along his way to stardom . . . this book will prove a rich resource for film historians interested in the silent era and the development of the Western genre."
In 2011, BearManor Media published David's Wally: The True Wallace Reid Story (Foreword by Robert Osborne), the first ever full-length tribute to the renowned silent film star, Wallace Reid. He also served as editor for actress Marilyn Knowlden's autobiography Little Girl in Big Pictures.
Also in 2011, with the creation of Menefee Publishing, Inc., David published Sarah Bernhardt, Her Films, Her Recordings, "Charlie O'Doone's Second Chance and Other Stories, as well as launched a new mystery series featuring detective Margot Cranston, including the first four titles, The Secret of the St. Lawrence Lighthouse, The Mystery at Loon Lake, and The Quest for the Jade Dragons. He also published the historical fiction novels, Brothers of the Storm about African American history, and The Remarkable Mr. Messing about surviving the Holocaust in World War Two, as well as The Rise and Fall of Lou-Tellegen", the first biography of actor Lou-Tellegen"', and Falling Stars: 10 Who Tried to be a Movie Star.
In 2012, his works included the much discussed Mary Pickford / Owen Moore romance Sweet Memories, and Can't Help Falling in Love (with co-author Carol Dunitz.)
David is now involved with a Hollywood film project, Triple Crown", a screenplay about the famous jockey Earl Sande"' that was written in collaboration with Richard J. Maturi.
“I believe in doing thorough research,” David stated in a recent interview. “For thirty years, I researched the life and work of Sarah Bernhardt in order to produce the first ever in-depth account of her work in motion pictures and on sound recordings, a part of the Divine Sarah’s work that most of her biographers tended to skip over. There is an old saying that a writer should only write about what he or she knows, and I’m certain that is always the right course to take.”

</doc>
<doc id="18637511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637511" title="In Rwanda We Say…The Family That Does Not Speak Dies">
In Rwanda We Say…The Family That Does Not Speak Dies

In Rwanda We Say…The Family That Does Not Speak Dies is a documentary film examining the Gacaca justice process in the aftermath of the 1994 Rwandan Genocide. Directed by Anne Aghion and produced by Gacaca Productions, this 2004 film won an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Informational Programming." Filmed in Rwanda, the language of "In Rwanda" is Kinyarwanda with English subtitles.
Plot.
Set in Rwanda, Anne Aghion, the director, interviews a genocide offender who has been released back into his community, and the victims of the genocide. The film follows how at first, the coexistence between the people who instigated the genocide and the victimized people is unbearable. Many of the victims feel rage toward their former oppressors. But gradually, the victims and oppressors start talking to the camera, and then to each other as they start the difficult task of living with each other. The documentary portrays how the people's spirits cannot be crushed by the Rwandan Genocide, the 1994 mass killing of hundreds of thousands of Rwanda's minority Tutsis and the moderates of its Hutu majority by the Interahamwe and the Impuzamugambi.

</doc>
<doc id="18637514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637514" title="Rasipuram (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Rasipuram (Lok Sabha constituency)

Rasipuram was a Lok Sabha constituency in Tamil Nadu. After delimitation in 2009, it is now a defunct constituency.
Assembly segments.
Rasipuram Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following assembly segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18637515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637515" title="Priscila Tommy">
Priscila Tommy

Priscila Tommy, born 23 May 1991, is a ni-Vanuatu table tennis player.
She won gold in both the women's singles and team events at the 2007 South Pacific Games.
Tommy represented Vanuatu at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, and was her country's flag bearer at the opening ceremony. She faced Slovakia's Eva Odorova, ranked 762 places above her, in her opening game, and lost in straight sets.
Tommy is expected to represent Vanuatu at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="18637541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637541" title="David Fane">
David Fane

David Fane (born 1966) is a New Zealand actor of Samoan descent.
Life and career.
Fane was educated at St. Pauls College in Ponsonby. 
Fane got into acting quite late and trained at the New Zealand Drama School Toi Whakaari, graduating in 1991. He first appeared on television in a sketch comedy show called SKITZ alongside future Naked Samoans Oscar Kightley and Robbie Magasiva. He then did the sitcom spinoff "the semisis" in which he played the father and the minister. The play won the 2004 Chapman Tripp Theatre Award for Outstanding New Zealand Play of the Year. Fane was a founding member of Naked Samoans. He played a leading role in Sione's Wedding. Other roles include parts in The Tattooist, bro'Town, Outrageous Fortune and the lead role in Diplomatic Immunity.
Fane is part host on the TV2 series Island Wars and morning host for the New Zealand radio station Flava 95.8.
Controversy.
On 23 June 2010, at the inaugural Radio Roast Fane told a celebrity audience that "Hitler had a right", people living with HIV deserved to be "roasted", and "Jews were expendable". Several days after a hoax resignation was circulated to media outlets, Fane apologised to the New Zealand AIDS Foundation (NZAF) and New Zealand Jewish Council. Both organisations accepted his apology on behalf of their communities. Fane was suspended from his Radio Network breakfast show for one week.

</doc>
<doc id="18637543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637543" title="WPFX-FM">
WPFX-FM

WPFX-FM (107.7 FM, "The Wolf") is an American radio station, licensed to Luckey, Ohio. WPFX is owned and operated by Toledo Radio LLC, and operates at the assigned frequency of 107.7 MHz, with an effective radiated power of 5,200 watts.
History.
This radio station was first issued a construction permit in March 1988, and initially assigned the call letters WIZD. However, these call letters were not used and the station went on the air June 1, 1989 as WHMQ. WHMQ, though licensed to North Baltimore, maintained its studios and offices along Tiffin Avenue in Findlay, another small market. 
For most of its existence as WHMQ, the station was known as "Jumpin' Country", with a frog likeness and a contemporary country programming format. 
The station operated under the callsign of WIMJ from 1999 to 2002, and acquired the current WPFX-FM callsign in 2002, according to FCC records. The station's former "Fox" active rock format today now operates on WBUK 106.3 MHz, aimed towards the Lima and Findlay regions. The station as of October 8, 2010 is now 107.7 The Wolf with a country format.
Silent.
According to FCC filings, the current license holder claims the station went off the air in August 2008 because the prior owner of the license failed to transfer the lease for the studio facilities to the new owners. The license holder is searching for new studio facilities. The FCC has granted a temporary "Stay Silent" order which gives the owners up to 6 months to acquire an appropriate facility and resume broadcasting.
Since that time a construction permit was granted in February 2010 to new owner Toledo Radio LLC to move its city of license from North Baltimore to Luckey and its transmitter to a new site (shared with WNOC) southwest of the community between Bowling Green and Toledo, thus making WPFX a Toledo market move-in. Test transmissions began during the week of October 1, 2010.
THE WOLF.
WPFX has Johnny D mornings, Craig Snyder middays, Sid Siddall afternoon drive, Wendy Sheridan evenings and Zman Saturday Nights with 50 minutes of music an hour with limited commercial interruptions. The Wolf plays "real country variety" from the artists that modernized country to today's favorites.

</doc>
<doc id="18637551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637551" title="Bonny Slope, Oregon">
Bonny Slope, Oregon

Bonny Slope is an unincorporated community in Washington County, Oregon, United States. Bonny Slope lies on Thompson Road north of Beaverton and northwest of Portland.

</doc>
<doc id="18637552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637552" title="Health Administration Informatics">
Health Administration Informatics

The emerging field of Health administration informatics is concerned with the evaluation, acquisition, implementation and day to day operation of information technology systems in support of all administration and clinical functions within the health care industry. The closely related field of biomedical informatics is primarily focused on the use of information systems for acquisition and application of patients' medical data, whereas nursing informatics deals with the delivery, administration and evaluation of patient care and disease prevention. What remains unclear, however, is how this emerging discipline should relate to the myriad of previously existing sub specializations within the broad umbrella of health informatics - including clinical informatics (which itself includes sub areas such as oncology informatics), bioinformatics and healthcare management informatics - particularly in light of the proposed "fundamental theorem" of biomedical informatics posed by Friedman in early 2009. 
The field of health administration informatics is emerging as attention continues to focus on the costly mistakes made by some health care organizations whilst implementing electronic medical records.
Relevance within the health care industry.
In a recent survey of health care CIOs and Information System (IS) directors, increasing patient safety and reducing medical errors was reported as among the top business issues. Two other key findings were that:
The most likely staffing needs reported by the health care executives are network and architecture support (HIMMS, 2005).
“The government and private insurers are beginning to pay hospitals more for higher quality care–and the only way to measure quality, and then improve it, is with more information technology. Hospital spending on such gear is expected to climb to $30.5 billion next year, from $25.8 billion in 2004, according to researcher Dorenfest Group” (Mullaney and Weintraub, 2005).
This fundamental change in health care (pay for performance) means that hospitals and other health care providers will need to develop, adapt and maintain all of the technology necessary to measure and improve on quality. Physicians have traditionally lagged behind in their use of technology (i.e., electronic patient records). Only 7% of physicians work for hospitals, and so the task of “wooing them is an extremely delicate task” (Mullaney and Weintraub, 2005).
Careers.
The market demand for a specialized advanced degree that integrates Health Care Administration and Informatics is growing as the concept has gained support from the academic and professional communities. Recent articles in Health Management Technology cite the importance of integrating information technology with health care administration to meet the unique needs of the health care industry. The health care industry has been estimated to be around 10 years behind other industries in the application of technology and at least 10 to 15 years behind in leadership capability from the technology and perhaps the business perspective (Seliger, 2005; Thibault, 2005). This means there is quantifiable demand in the work force for health care administrators who are also prepared to lead in the field of health care administration informatics.
In addition, the increasing costs and difficulties involved in evaluating the projected benefits from IT investments are requiring health care administrators to learn more about IT and how it affects business processes. The health care Chief Information Officer (CIO) must be able to build enterprise wide systems that will help reduce the administrative cost and streamline the automation of administrative processes and patient record keeping. Increasingly, the CIO is relied upon for specialized analytical and collaborative skills that will enable him/her to build systems that health care clinicians will use. A recent well-publicized debacle (shelving of a $34 million computer system after three months) at a top U. S. hospital underlines the need for leaders who understand the health care industry information technology requirements (Connolly, 2005).
Several professional organizations have also addressed the need for academic preparation that integrates the two specializations addressed by UMUC’s MSHCAI degree. In the collaborative response to the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ONCHIT) request for information regarding future IT needs, thirteen major health and technology organizations endorsed a “Common Framework” to support health information exchange in the United States, while protecting patient privacy. The response cited the need for continuing education of health information management professionals as a significant barrier to implementation of a National Health Information Network (NHIN) (The Collaborative Response, 2005).
References.
Health Informatics World Wide (2005, March). Health informatics index site. Retrieved March 30, 2005 from [http://www.hiww.org/us.html].

</doc>
<doc id="18637576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637576" title="Beginning (song)">
Beginning (song)

"Beginning" is Reasons (Kotipelto song)'s first single released in 2002 through Century Media.

</doc>
<doc id="18637592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637592" title="Jackson Rohm">
Jackson Rohm

Jackson Rohm is an American country/pop musician. He was born in Jamestown, New York, and currently lives in Lakewood, Ohio.
Early life.
Rohm graduated from Southwestern High School in West Ellicott, New York, in 1989. He considered attending Cornell University and the University of Virginia before accepting a track scholarship to Miami University. He was a member of the Alpha Delta Phi fraternity as an undergraduate.
Career.
Rohm released his first full-length CD, "Twisted & Misguided", in 2000. Admitting that he was not fully happy with the release, on which he was "singing soft James Taylor voice," he went for a more "modern rock sound that was radio-friendly" with his second CD, 2001's "Sink or Swim".
In 2003, Rohm released "Red Light Fever". This CD included a cover of Concrete Blonde's "Joey".
Rohm released his fourth CD, "Four On The Floor", in 2006. The title track was written as a tribute to a fellow musician who was killed in a motor vehicle accident.
In 2008, Rohm released his fifth CD, "Long Way From Moving On". This album represented a departure from the pop/rock feel of his first four releases and a venture into the country music genre. The album was described as "best work yet," as he "[seems most comfortable in the country music mode."
Rohm has opened for acts including Edwin McCain and Sister Hazel.

</doc>
<doc id="18637594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637594" title="Madhukar (author)">
Madhukar (author)

Madhukar (Sanskrit, literally: „Beloved, sweet like honey“; * November 4, 1957 in Stuttgart) is a German author, teacher in the Advaita tradition and guru. He established the Yoga of Silence.
Life.
Madhukar grew up in Stuttgart, Germany. He studied economic science and philosophy and worked as a TV journalist after his graduation. In the early eighties Madhukar travelled for several years through Asia and studied with the Tantric-Buddhist Dzogchen-Master Namkhai Norbu. He experienced what he calls a "spontaneous Kundalini-enlightenment." In 1992, while staying in India, he met his master H.W.L. Poonja, a disciple of the Indian sage Ramana Maharshi.
Present activities.
Since 1997 Madhukar passes on his knowledge in world wide events and retreats, traditionally called Satsang (sat = truth, sangha = community). His retreats are focused on self-enquiry (Atma vichara) with the question: “Who am I?” and dialogues on nonduality.
Madhukar emphasizes that there are close connection between spirituality and the findings of modern science. He says that quantum physics says that a transcendent energy underlies everything existing and that this finding is in harmony with spirituality. Madhukar says everybody can experience it, because this energy is the essence of the entire universe and of all beings. In this consciousness everything is unity, everything is one.
Philosophical core issue.
According to Madhukar the human being is living in the erroneous belief in a real “I”: “The human being believes to have freedom of action and to live in an objective world. This perception is limited. In reality each living being is pure consciousness, in which the world subjectively illustrates. With the question “Who am I?” the perceived, limited reality can be questioned and pure consciousness (the Self) can be experienced. Doubtless identification with the Self is absolute freedom, over-all love and silent happiness”.

</doc>
<doc id="18637598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637598" title="Harmony (Dutch band)">
Harmony (Dutch band)

Harmony was a Dutch pop band of the 1970s. The group represented the Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 1978 in Paris. There the band performed the song 't Is OK and ended in the 13th place with 37 points (20 entries). 
Harmony consisted of Rosina Louwaars, Donald Lieveld and Ab van Woudenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18637614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637614" title="FC Metalurh-2 Donetsk">
FC Metalurh-2 Donetsk

Football Club Metalurh-2 Donetsk () is the reserve team of Metalurh Donetsk.
History.
The club initially competed in the Donetsk Oblast competition as FC Metalurh-2 Donetsk.
In 2001 the club entered into the professional leagues to compete in the Second League.

</doc>
<doc id="18637631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637631" title="Wendy Hale">
Wendy Hale

Wendy Hale (born November 3, 1987) is a Solomon Islands weightlifter.
She won a silver medal and a bronze at the Commonwealth Youth Games in 2004, two silver medals at the Mini South Pacific Games in 2005, four gold medals at the Arafura Games in 2007, and two silver medals at the South Pacific Games in 2007.
Hale represented the Solomon Islands at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She was her country's flagbearer during the opening ceremony.
In the Olympic tournament she ranked 12th in the 58 kg category, with a total of 173 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="18637637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637637" title="The Jazz Review">
The Jazz Review

The Jazz Review was a magazine which was founded by Nat Hentoff, Martin Williams, and Hsio Wen Shih, in New York City in 1958. It was published until 1961. Hentoff and Williams were co-editors throughout its brief existence.
Many issues of "The Jazz Review" are available at Jazz Studies Online which assesses its quality as follows:
A regular feature of "The Jazz Review" was "The Blues", a page of transcriptions of the lyrics from blues recordings by a variety of singers, e.g., in the seventh issue:
Contributors.
In addition to the magazine's founders, such writers as the following contributed articles to "The Jazz Review":
A later California-based magazine also titled "The Jazz Review", edited by Ken Borgers and Bill Wasserzieher, appeared in 1991-1992, with cover stories on Dizzy Gillespie, Miles Davis, Charlie Haden and other artists. 

</doc>
<doc id="18637652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637652" title="Viktor Lysenko">
Viktor Lysenko

Viktor Andriyovych (or Andreyevich) Lysenko (; ) (born 1947 in Mykolaiv; died 27 July 2003 in Mykolaiv) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Lysenko played his only game for USSR on February 20, 1969 in a friendly against Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="18637653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637653" title="China national ice hockey team">
China national ice hockey team

China national ice hockey team may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18637702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637702" title="Shropshire House (Scott County, Kentucky)">
Shropshire House (Scott County, Kentucky)

The Shropshire House is a Greek Revival Federal style house located in the East Main Street Residential Historic District in Georgetown, Kentucky. The house was the built in 1814 by John and Mary (Gano) Buckner. 
The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 2, 1973.
History.
The Shropshire House is a residential dwelling built in 1814 by John and Mary (Gano) Buckner on East Main Street near the downtown area of Georgetown. The house is located in the East Main Street Residential District; an area designated a historically significant location by the U.S. National Registered of Historic Places because of its importance in the history of the city. 
Both John and Mary Buckner came from families that were early settler in central Kentucky. 
In 1818, the property was sold to Alexander Parker, who resold the home to Elizabeth Lewis as a residence for her daughter Sophia and her husband, John T. Johnson. Johnson lived in the house while he served in the United States Congress.
Robert J. Ward purchased the property in 1828 and lived in the home with his family until they moved to Louisville, Kentucky in 1833. 
George W. Johnson, future Confederate governor of Kentucky, bought the property from the Ward's. 
John C. Miller purchased the house in 1835. In 1894 Joel Penn bought the house. J. Gano Shropshire and his wife Nannie purchased the house in 1918 and did extensive remodeling of the structure.
Architecture.
The Shropshire House is a single story structure built in the Federal style with renovations done in the 1840s in the Greek Revival style.

</doc>
<doc id="18637707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637707" title="11th Airlift Squadron">
11th Airlift Squadron

The 11th Airlift Squadron (11 AS) was most recently part of the 375th Airlift Wing as Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. It operated C-9 Nightingale aircraft conducting medical evacuation missions.
History.
The 11th ferried aircraft to modification centers and tactical units mostly within the Continental United States from, April 1942-March 1944. The squadron flew aeromedical evacuations from 1956, including transport of wounded Afghan soldiers and civilians from, 1986-1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18637709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637709" title="Scenic Falls">
Scenic Falls

Scenic Falls is an 18 metre high ribbon/plunge waterfall found along the west-end of the "Chedoke Radial Trail" in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Best viewed after a good rain or snow melt.
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Chedoke Radial Trail, Stairway to Chedoke Golf Course, Iroquoia Heights Conservation Area and a number of other waterfalls in the area.
Directions.
Travel to Dundurn Street South to the base of the escarpment and get off halfway up the 326-step metal stairway and make a right onto the "Chedoke Radial Trail" and head westward towards the "Chedoke Golf Course". There are a number of other waterfalls along this trail and they include; Princess Falls, Mountview Falls, Westcliffe Falls, Cliffview Falls, Denlow Falls and Chedoke Falls.
External links.
Maps.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18637714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637714" title="CPLP Games">
CPLP Games

The CPLP Games () is a multinational multi-sport event organized by the CPLP, which involves athletes coming from Lusophone (Portuguese-speaking) countries belonging to the CPLP (Community of Portuguese Language Countries) that are less than 16 years old.
This event is similar in concept to the Lusophony Games, but for younger athletes
Editions.
Participating nations.
In the first edition, the nations that have participated are as follows:
In Maputo 1997, entered the competition, but in Praia 2002 it did not participate.
Luanda 2005 saw the return of Brazil.
In 2008, the CPLP Games saw all the possible participating nations competing in Rio de Janeiro, after participated for the first time, plus () that was invited to be present.
Sports.
So far there are not any regulations concerning the list of sports that should be included in the Games schedule.
However, in the 2008 edition the sports were:
It is expected in next editions of this games, the inclusion of roller hockey(quad), a sport so relevant and associated to Lusophone world.

</doc>
<doc id="18637733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637733" title="Katsumi Tezuka">
Katsumi Tezuka


</doc>
<doc id="18637749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637749" title="Werner Bräunig">
Werner Bräunig

Werner Bräunig (May 12, 1934 - August 14, 1976) was a German author. He is best known for his posthumously published novel "Rummelplatz".
Bräunig started work on "Rummelplatz" in 1960-1961. The novel deals with work in the Wismut AG and covers the time span from the foundation of the GDR in 1949 to the uprising in East Germany on June 17, 1953. The 11th plenum of the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany heavily criticized it for defamation of the working class and the Soviet partner. Heartstricken, Bräunig discontinued work on the novel. In 2007 the novel was published and nominated for the Leipzig Book Fair Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="18637753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637753" title="Mayiladuturai (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Mayiladuturai (Lok Sabha constituency)

Mayiladuthurai is a Lok Sabha (Parliament of India) constituency in Tamil Nadu.
Assembly segments.
Mayiladuturai Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18637761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637761" title="Coldness (album)">
Coldness (album)

Coldness is the second album by power metal band Kotipelto, released in 2004 while Stratovarius was in hiatus.
Track listing.
All music and lyrics written by Timo Kotipelto

</doc>
<doc id="18637769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637769" title="Homa Hosseini">
Homa Hosseini

Homa Hosseini (; born 22 December 1988) is an Iranian rower born in Kermanshah.
She represented Iran in the single sculls event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Hosseini was one of three female Iranian competitors at the Games, and was the first ever female Iranian Olympic rower. She also was her country's flagbearer at the Games' opening ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="18637779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637779" title="Televerket (Sweden)">
Televerket (Sweden)

Televerket, was a Swedish government agency, i.e. a governmental authority acting as a government-owned corporation (public enterprise), responsible for telecommunications in Sweden between 1853-1993. Originally it was named Kongl. Elektriska Telegraf-Werket (literally: Royal Electric Telegraph Agency), which was founded in 1853. Its name changed to Kongl. Telegrafverket in 1871, Kungl. Telegrafverket in 1903, the Kungliga (Royal) was dropped in 1946 and the name was further modernised to Televerket in 1953. The company continued as a government agency until corporatisation in 1992-1993 when it was renamed Telia, now part of the TeliaSonera corporation.
History.
19th Century.
Kongliga Elektriska Telegraf-Werket was founded in 1853 when the first electric telegraph line was established between Stockholm and Uppsala, and was the government agency for telegraph and postal services. From 1871 the company was known as Kongl. Telegrafverket. The first telephone network in Sweden opened in 1880, as a result of an initiative by former Telegrafverket employees. As telecommunication technology changed, Telegrafverket expanded to include telephone services, but entered the early telephone industry in Sweden as a latecomer. Through securing a national monopoly on long distance telephone lines, it was able with time to control and take over the local networks of quickly growing private telephone companies. Its network, branded Rikstelefon, was supplied with telephones produced by Swedish telephone manufacturers Ericsson.
20th Century.
While the telecommunications industry in Sweden has always been ostensibly open, Telegrafverket effectively monopolised the market with its purchase of the telephone company Stockholms Allmänna in 1918. When Telegrafverket was renamed Televerket in 1953, the parent company and its subsidiaries had a "de facto" national monopoly because no other companies had the financial or technical resources to compete. 
From 1980 onwards this monopoly was eroded with increasing government liberalisation of the industry. From 1980 the Riksdag, opened the market to allow competitor's telephones to be connected to the network. In 1988 Televerket's subsidiary company Teli, responsible for the design and manufacture of telephones, ceased production. 
In accordance with the deregulation decision of the Riksdag and its Telecommunications Act of 1 July 1993, Televerket was made into a corporation, Telia AB. Thus making Sweden the first European country to deregulate its telecom market.
Televerket in the 21st Century.
Telegrafverket and Televerket telephones remain highly collectible, and there is now a market for reconditioned phones that can connect to modern networks. Worthy of notice is that old telephone poles and such are still marked with the Televerket logo. Telia has since merged with the Finnish Sonera, and is now known as TeliaSonera.

</doc>
<doc id="18637783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637783" title="Aleksei Mamykin">
Aleksei Mamykin

Aleksei Ivanovich Mamykin () (29 February 1936 – 20 September 2011) was a Soviet football player and Russian coach.
International career.
Mamykin made his debut for USSR on 10 September 1961 in a friendly against Austria. He played at the 1962 FIFA World Cup and scored a goal in a group game against Uruguay (he scored a hat-trick against Uruguay earlier that same year in a friendly).

</doc>
<doc id="18637785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637785" title="Douwe Sirtema van Grovestins">
Douwe Sirtema van Grovestins

JonkheerDouwe Sirtema van Grovestins (Leeuwarden, 1710–Brussels, February 26, 1778) was a Frisian courtier at the court of stadtholder William IV, Prince of Orange, and later at the court of his widow Anne, Princess Royal and Princess of Orange. He was first Chamberlain, later Equerry to the stadtholder, and equerry to the Princess after her husband's death.
Douwe was married to Catharina Sindt von Schutz (whose curiocabinet in The Hague is shown in a picture from 1756) and had a son, Lodewijk Idzard Douwe with her in 1749.
After the stadtholder's court moved from Leeuwarden to The Hague during the Orangist Revolution of 1747 at the end of the Second Stadtholderless Period Douwe became very influential in the patronage politics of the regency of the Princess during the first years of the minority of William V, Prince of Orange. His scandalous dealings for his own profit in public offices (he sold the governorship of the Dutch East India Company colony of Ceylon in 1756 for 70,000 guilders, for instance) helped put the stadtholderate in bad repute. This brought about his removal from court after the death of Princess Anne in 1759. Nevertheless, he was made a lieutenant-general in the army of the Dutch Republic, and served as governor of the Barrier Fortress Ieper in the Austrian Netherlands in 1774.
Probably because of the fact that he played a central role in the corrupt practices of the regime of the Stadtholderate he also was the subject of widespread rumors that he had had a liaison with Princess Anne, and even fathered the future stadtholder William V. Except for the uncanny family resemblance between himself and William, Anne's biographer Veronica Baker-Smith thinks there is insufficient ground to believe this rumour. She points out that such rumours are being flung about quite casually for political reasons, and that when a pamphlet was published in 1782, alleging William V's illegitimacy, this was in the middle of the Patriot crisis, and the author was clearly a Patriot partisan.
Late in life Douwe became the protector and lover of the early feminist Etta Palm d'Aelders, whom he apparently taught the skills to set up as a high-class courtesan, and organiser of a political Salon in pre-Revolutionary Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18637811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637811" title="Jidou liangfen">
Jidou liangfen

Jidou liangfen () is a traditional dish in the Yunnan cuisine of China, made from chickpeas. It is gelatinous in texture and greenish-gray in color, and served in blocks, either cold, fried, or boiled. The dish is particularly popular among the Naxi people, in the region of Lijiang. It is similar to Burmese tofu, which is often served in ways that are similar to jidou liangfen and mainstream mung bean liangfen.

</doc>
<doc id="18637818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637818" title="Joe Leonard (baseball)">
Joe Leonard (baseball)

Joseph Howard Leonard (November 15, 1894 – May 1, 1920) was an American Major League Baseball player, born in Chicago, Illinois on November 15, 1894. He died in Washington, D.C. on May 1, 1920.
Leonard played in parts of five seasons (1914, 1916–1920) with the Pittsburgh Pirates, Cleveland Indians, and Washington Senators. He recorded 179 hits over 791 at-bats in 269 games during his career. Defensively, Leonard was primarily a third baseman.
In 1918 Leonard's career was interrupted while he served in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="18637822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637822" title="Reasons (Kotipelto song)">
Reasons (Kotipelto song)

"Beginning" is Kotipelto's first single released in 2004 through Century Media.

</doc>
<doc id="18637827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637827" title="Ramón Llàtzer de Dou de Bassols">
Ramón Llàtzer de Dou de Bassols

Ramón Llàtzer de Dou de Bassols (1742–1842) was a Spanish jurist and politician noted for his pioneering work in the systematization of administrative law.
After studies in Cervera and the practice of law as an advocate, Dou de Bassols was appointed to a chair for canon and Roman law at the University of Cervera in 1773. During the Peninsular War, he was a member of the Cortes of Cadiz, which he presided over in 1811.
His "Institutiones del Derecho público general de España" (1800–03) were the first systematic outline of the governmental institutions of the Spanish-speaking world. The work was also the first to make a distinction between the general principles governing administrative proceedings, and the special rules applicable to specific authorities or areas of law.

</doc>
<doc id="18637836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637836" title="Wabun, Virginia">
Wabun, Virginia

Wabun is an unincorporated community in western Roanoke County, Virginia, United States. The community lies along the Roanoke River and near the base of Poor Mountain. 

</doc>
<doc id="18637842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637842" title="Church of the Redeemer, Jamaica">
Church of the Redeemer, Jamaica

The Church of the Redeemer is the oldest Moravian Church building in Kingston, Jamaica, and houses a congregation of the Jamaican province of the Moravian Church. It was opened in 1918. The name, which is unusual for a Moravian church, was bestowed by its builder Jonathan Reinke "because he did not want people to speak of "Reinke's church"".
History.
First building.
Kingston's first Moravian Church (at 23 Hanover Street) was a large house which was adapted for the purpose and consecrated on 1893-04-14. This building and the Mission House next door (at 25 Hanover Street) were destroyed in 1907 by an earthquake. Two shed's were erected to replace them while a new Church building was constructed.
Present building.
The building at the corner of North Street and Duke Street was consecrated by Bishop Westphal on 1918-05-08. The total cost of the building, site and out buildings was £3,124.
Manse.
A new manse, on the north side of North Street a block to the east, was completed in 1927 at a cost of £921. The manse site was sold to the Gleaner Company for £4,000 in 1949 and a new manse purchased in Antrim Road, Vineyard Town.
Hall.
A church hall was opened on 1930-12-30 by Lady Stubbs, wife of the Governor. This was destroyed by the hurricane of 1951. A replacement hall was opened in 1962-02-28 at a cost of £16,000.
Organ.
A pipe organ was installed in 1932, reconstructed in 1945 and destroyed during the 1951 hurricane. A replacement was installed in 1953 at a cost of over £3,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18637867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637867" title="WLCI">
WLCI

WLCI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18637871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637871" title="Gareth Cummins">
Gareth Cummins

Gareth Cummins is a musician and comic book writer based in Dublin, Ireland.
History.
Born on January 8, 1981 in Dublin, Ireland to Mary and David Cummins. He formed alt rock band "Plan Nine" in 1996 who continued until early 2000. In 2001 he formed "20 Bulls Each", a hardcore punk band. In 2008 he formed the hardcore psychobilly band Skeleton Crew.
In 2006 he formed Fail Comics with Paul Duffy (Also a member of 20 Bulls Each).
Fail Comics have release 2 preview issues for their books "11 Commandments" and "Thorne".
Future.
Issue 1 of "11 Commandments" was released in November 2008.
Mark Millar and C.B Cebulski have both signed on to write introductions for "11 Commandments".
"11 Commandments" is written by Gareth Cummins and art duties are handled by Italian artist Bruno Letizia. The series is in black and white and set to run for 4 issues. Due to Diamond comic distributions increased costs for independent comic creators, it is unknown when issue 2 will be released.

</doc>
<doc id="18637873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637873" title="Generate LA-NY">
Generate LA-NY

Generate is a Los Angeles-based entertainment studio that produces content for distribution across media, including the Internet, television, web television, film, video games, mobile devices and books. The company completed a $6 million Series A round of funding backed by Velocity Interactive Group and MK Capital in March 2008, in addition to naming co-founding partner Jordan Levin CEO. Levin was formerly CEO of The WB. Generate opened an office in New York City in June 2008.
According to Levin Generate's business model is "about trying to syndicate out to as many sites as possible and at the same time allow an advertiser or sponsor to travel with that content as it migrates across platforms."
Generate also has a management arm that represents entertainers including Patton Oswalt, Brian Posehn, Al Madrigal, Adam Rifkin, Arj Barker, Nat Coombs and Jon Reep.
On August 19, 2008, Generate debuted "Republicrats" in partnership with MSN. The Web series "follows the comedic presidential aspirations of Sean Masterson. Masterson’s political platform is his lack of one. His character doesn’t harbor any of those pesky strong opinions on topics of the day. There will be 24 episodes of Republicrats with new episodes launching twice a week" until Election Day 2008. Generate produced "Republicrats," which is hosted on MSN.[http://originals.msn.com/republicrats/]
Other projects currently in production include "Chocolate News" with David Alan Grier, premiering on Comedy Central in October 2008, as well as Pink: The Series [http://pinktheseries.com/], a Web series about a female assassin played by Natalie Raitano.

</doc>
<doc id="18637874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637874" title="Phaeocollybia">
Phaeocollybia

Phaeocollybia is a genus of fungi in the Cortinariaceae family. They are characterized by producing fruit bodies (mushrooms) with umbonate caps and rough brown spores. The genus is widely distributed (especially in temperate regions), and contains about 50 species. They are known for a long stipe which continues down into the ground, known as a "rooting" stipe. The genus is primarily mycorrhizal but may also be somewhat parasitic on forest trees.
Molecular phylogenetic work during the 2000s suggests a close relationship to "Galerina".
Taxonomy.
The genus was circumscribed by mycologist Roger Heim in 1931. The name "Phaeocollybia" is conserved against the earlier but obscure name "Quercella". "Phaeocollybia" means "dusky Collybia" which actually refers to the brownish spore print in contrast to the white spore print of "Collybia" in the traditional sense.
Description.
"Phaeocollybia" is defined as mushrooms, with a glutinous or moist or sometimes dry and innately scaly, conic, umbonate cap, a rooting, cartilaginous to wiry stipe, generally lacking a visible veil or cortina or with faint traces, and spores which are brown in deposit. The spores are ornamented but will lack a germ pore or plage. The most distinctive feature microscopically is the presence of tibiiform cystidia or branches on the mycelium and mycorrhizal sheaths.

</doc>
<doc id="18637877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637877" title="Snake River High School">
Snake River High School

Snake River High School is a high school in Blackfoot, Idaho. The school has an enrollment of 587 and Dean Bonney is the principal.

</doc>
<doc id="18637879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637879" title="SporTV">
SporTV

SporTV is a Brazilian cable television network that has its programming based on all sports, launched in 1991 by Globosat. It's the most watched sports channel in Brazil.
High-definition simulcasts of SporTV and SporTV2 were launched on January 18, 2013. Before that, select events were broadcast in HD on sister channel Globosat HD (now +Globosat).
In 2013, the SporTV it was the 3rd most watched channel in the Brazilian pay TV, the 1st among the sports channels. The SporTV 2 was the 19th and the SporTV 3 was the 39th.
SporTV significant programming rights.
Cycling.
Road cycling
Track cycling
Futsal.
Clubs
Volleyball.
Clubs
Beach Volleyball
Winter Sports.
Alpine skiing
Biathlon
Bobsleigh and skeleton
Curling
Figure skating
Ice Hockey
Nordic skiing
Snowboarding
Programs broadcast by SporTV.
Eventuals
Temporary
Closed

</doc>
<doc id="18637883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637883" title="The Westfield School">
The Westfield School

The Westfield School is a private secondary school in Perry, Georgia, USA. It is located off U.S. Highway 41 South. Westfield School educates students in grades PK-12, in three schools.
The school was established in 1969 as Perry Christian Day School. It changed its name to 'The Westfield Schools' in 1971 and to 'The Westfield School' in 2007.
The campus consists of seven buildings: lower school, middle school, high school, arts and sciences building, administrative building, and another building that houses the cafeteria, gym, weight room, coaches offices, dressing rooms, and three computer labs.

</doc>
<doc id="18637894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637894" title="Cosita Buena">
Cosita Buena

Cosita Buena is the fifth album by Orishas, a Cuban hip hop group based in France. It was released on June 9, 2008 on the Universal Latino Label.

</doc>
<doc id="18637897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637897" title="Rocco Motto">
Rocco Motto

Rocco Motto was an Italian (Turin) coachbuilding company established in 1930. The company produced bodies from Cadillacs to Delahayes.

</doc>
<doc id="18637915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637915" title="Munir Akram">
Munir Akram

Munir Akram, HQA () (born 2 December 1945) was the Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the United Nations from 2002 to 2008. Following a regime change in 2008, Ambassador Akram stepped down to pursue a career in the private sector. He was replaced by Hussain Haroon, a politician and a non-career diplomat.
Early career.
Munir Akram was born in Karachi, Sindh on 14 February 1945 to Mohammad Akram Shaikh and Mohsina Akram. He has a BA (1963), LLB (1965) and MA (1966) from University of Karachi. He then joined the Foreign Service of Pakistan in 1967 where he had a distinguished diplomatic career spanning over 38 years. His assignments at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs include: Section o
Officer (1967–1969), Director at the United Nations Directorate (1975–1979), Director General at the United Nations Directorate (1985–1988) and Additional Foreign Secretary, heading the UN Directorate and Economic Coordination Division (1992–1995).
Akram's designations at the Pakistan missions abroad include: Second Secretary, Pakistan Mission to the United Nations (1969–1974); Counsellor, Pakistan Mission to the United Nations Office at Geneva (1979–1982); and Minister, Embassy of Pakistan in Japan (1982–1985).
During this time, Akram's designations at the United Nations include: Chairman UN Committee for NGO's (1970); Chairman Special Group on 'Most Seriously Affected Countries' by the Oil Crisis at the UN General Assembly’s Special Session on "Raw Materials and Development" (1974); and chairman of the Group on Political Issues, International Women’s Conference, Nairobi (1985). As Vice Foreign Minister, Akram negotiated the Pakistan-India Treaty prohibiting attacks on nuclear facilities (1987).
Ambassadorial career.
Munir Akram then was selected as the Pakistan Ambassador to the European Union, Belgium and Luxembourg (1988–1992). After serving for a brief time in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Islamabad, Akram was made Pakistan Ambassador to the United Nations Office at Geneva (1995–2002). There, he was the President of the Conference on Disarmament (June 1996); Chairman of the WTO Trade Policy Review Body (1997); and Chairman of the Group of 77 in Geneva (1997). Chairperson of the Working Party on the Accession of Oman to the WTO (2000).
In 2002, Munir Akram was appointed as Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the United Nations. Munir Akram has represented Pakistan in numerous United Nations bodies and international conferences, including the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council. At the UN, he was twice the President of the Security Council (May 2003 and May 2004); President of the Economic and Social Council (2005); Chairperson of the Working Party on the Accession of Saudi Arabia to WTO (2005); and Co-Chair for UN Management Reform (2005). President of the Group of 77 Developing Nations & China (2006).
Munir Akram is a prolific writer and has lectured widely on various strategic, political and economic issues. His most recent published work in 2011 is as a contributing authort to 'Pakistan - Beyond the Crisis State'. He has been awarded Hilal-i-Quaid-i-Azam by President of Pakistan for his selfless service and devotion to the country.
His forty years experience in the foreign service, his two terms as President of the UN Security Council, his presidency of the UN Economic and Social Council and his numerous top-level contacts with world leaders give him a unique practitioner's perspective on international affairs, global economic issues and Pakistan's foreign policy. 
World leaders, friend and foe alike, hold him in great admiration for his honesty, competence and negotiation skills. He also has been viewed as one of the more colorful players in the world foreign policy arena. John Bolton, United States Ambassador to the UN (2005-2006), described him in his book 'Surrender is not an option' as "Munir Akram, the smooth-as-silk Pakistani Ambassador".
Post-ambassadorial career.
Since retiring from the diplomatic service in August 2008, Ambassador Akram operates a private advisory company, Gorntazy Group Ltd, whose strategic objective is to help its clients build relationships in the Middle East and Asia, particularly China, with a view of raising capital from these regions and promoting strong trade and economic links between investors, governments and Gorntazy’s clients.
Gorntazy client list include leading financial groups within Private Equity, Hedge Funds and Real Estate. The Group also promotes many unique direct investment opportunities with a focus on natural resources and infrastructure. Gorntazy focuses its marketing on sovereign wealth funds, pension funds as well as targeted institutions/groups and high worth individuals within the GCC and Asia. Since inception, Ambassador Akram’s company has achieved significant success in its objectives.
Ambassador Akram also utilizes his knowledge and relationships in the Middle East and Asia to examine and advise his clients on the political themes as well as economic and business trends in these regions that may impact their particular business activities there.

</doc>
<doc id="18637926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637926" title="Kenpachiro Satsuma">
Kenpachiro Satsuma


</doc>
<doc id="18637928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637928" title="Nikolai Manoshin">
Nikolai Manoshin

Nikolai Alekseyevich Manoshin () (born March 6, 1938 in Moscow) is a retired Soviet football player and coach.
International career.
Manoshin made his debut for USSR on August 17, 1960 in a friendly against East Germany. He was selected for the 1962 FIFA World Cup squad, but did not play in any games at the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18637940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637940" title="Ralph Cooper">
Ralph Cooper

Ralph Cooper may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18637942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637942" title="USS Mango (AN-24)">
USS Mango (AN-24)

USS "Mango" (AN-24/YN-19) was an "Aloe"-class net laying ship which was assigned to serve the U.S. Navy during World War II with her protective anti-submarine nets.
Built at Cleveland, Ohio.
"Mango" (YN 19) was laid down 18 October 1940 by American Shipbuilding Company, Cleveland, Ohio; launched 22 February 1941; and placed in service 18 September 1941, Lt. H. W. Gaidsick in charge, for passage down the St. Lawrence River to the Portsmouth Navy Yard, Portsmouth, New Hampshire, where she was fitted out. She arrived off Casco Bay, Portland, Maine, in December to start a year of net laying and acting as gate vessel. "Mango" commissioned 15 December 1942.
World War II service.
"Mango" moved to Boston, Massachusetts, in January 1943. Two months later she steamed for Argentia, Newfoundland, where she continued to serve as gate vessel until 18 August when she returned to the U.S. East Coast, via Sydney and Halifax, Nova Scotia, arriving Boston, Massachusetts, 29 August.
By the end of October "Mango" was underway for Coco Solo, Panama Canal Zone, to spend 1944 tending nets off the Atlantic Ocean coast of Panama. She was reclassified "AN-24" on 20 January "1944".
"Mango" sailed from Mount Hope, Panama Canal Zone, for the Pacific Ocean War Zone late in February 1945. For the next 4 months she alternated escort service with net replacement duties in the triangle of the Admiralty Islands, the Philippines, and New Guinea.
The ship departed Samar, Philippines, for Borneo in the middle of June, arriving 24 June to begin marking out the beachhead landing assault path to Balikpapan. Following D-Day, 1 July, she laid out the channel to the harbor.
End-of-war activity.
On 15 July Mango steamed for Samar and was in overhaul when hostilities ceased 15 August. Assigned the removal of the net defenses, she began at Samar 10 September and continued on to Manus, arriving 15 October, to resume operations in the Admiralties until the end of 1945. 
The net laying ship returned to the Philippines to serve off Leyte from 15 January 1946 until the middle of September. Her net removing tasks took her to Guam, Mariana Islands, and to Eniwetok and Kwajalein in the Marshalls before she arrived Pearl Harbor 15 November.
Post-war decommissioning.
"Mango" shortly departed Pearl Harbor for the U.S. West Coast, arriving Astoria, Oregon, 27 January 1947. She decommissioned 4 April 1947 and entered the Pacific Reserve Fleet at Columbia River, Oregon. On 1 September 1962 "Mango" was struck from the Navy List; delivered to the U.S. Maritime Commission the same day; and berthed with the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay, California, where she remains into 1969.
Honors and awards.
"Mango" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="18637973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637973" title="Leon Parris">
Leon Parris

Leon Parris (born 1 February 1981) is a British writer, composer, musician, and actor.
Biography.
Leon Parris was brought up in Bedford, England, and was educated at Bedford Modern School.
He lives in Barcelona, Spain, with his wife and son.

</doc>
<doc id="18637978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637978" title="Serenity (Kotipelto album)">
Serenity (Kotipelto album)

Serenity is the third album by power metal band Kotipelto, released in 2007 while Stratovarius was in hiatus.
Track listing.
All lyrics/music by Timo Kotipelto, except track 2 and 10, music: Kotipelto/Wäinölä

</doc>
<doc id="18637988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637988" title="CCSSE">
CCSSE

The Community College Survey of Student Engagement (CCSSE) (pronounced: sessie) provides data and analysis about student engagement in community colleges. Like its counterpart in four-year institutions, the National Survey of Student Engagement (NSSE), CCSSE’s survey instrument is used to gauge the level of student engagement in college. The survey is administered to community college students during the spring academic term. The survey questions assess institutional practices and student behaviors that are correlated highly with student learning and student retention. 
The survey serves three purposes for community college administrators and instructors:
The CCSSE survey instrument was first piloted in 2001. From 2002 through 2010, more than 1,770,000 students at 754 community colleges in 49 U.S. states, British Columbia, Nova Scotia and the Marshall Islands participated in the survey. CCSSE is administered by the Center for Community College Student Engagement, a research and service project of the Community College Leadership Program in The University of Texas at Austin College of Education. The project director is Kay McClenney, Ph.D.

</doc>
<doc id="18637996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18637996" title="Tomasz Drezner">
Tomasz Drezner

Tomasz Drezner (1560–1616) was a Polish jurist. 
Life.
The fame of Drezner's 1601 work, "Processus iudiciarius Regni Poloniae" (Judicial Procedure in the Kingdom of Poland), saw him admitted to the service of Royal Chancellor Jan Zamojski and allowed him to study in Paris, Padua and Orléans. 
In 1610 Drezner was appointed to teach Roman and Polish law at the Zamojski Academy in Zamość, whose rector he became in 1615.

</doc>
<doc id="18638000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638000" title="Collection cost">
Collection cost

A collection cost is incurred to collect debt that is owed. This could include expenditures for hiring a collection agency. Some contracts and regulations prescribe liquidated damages for collection costs. When collection costs occur, the debtor has pay off debt to get the collector out of collection cost.

</doc>
<doc id="18638004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638004" title="List of awards and nominations received by Gilmore Girls">
List of awards and nominations received by Gilmore Girls

This is the list of awards and nominations received by the television series "Gilmore Girls" (2000–2007).

</doc>
<doc id="18638005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638005" title="Harry W. Jones House">
Harry W. Jones House

The Harry W. Jones House is a historic house in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, in the Tangletown neighborhood. Harry Wild Jones was one of the most notable architects in Minneapolis, with a career spanning nearly 50 years. His designs included the Butler Brothers Warehouse, the chapel in Lakewood Cemetery, and the Washburn Park Water Tower. His own home, built in 1887, was one of the first homes in the Washburn Park area and influenced the design of other homes in the area. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18638007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638007" title="Antinutrient">
Antinutrient

Antinutrients are natural or synthetic compounds that interfere with the absorption of nutrients. Nutrition studies focus on those antinutrients commonly found in food sources and beverages.
Examples.
Protease inhibitors are substances that inhibit the actions of trypsin, pepsin and other proteases in the gut, preventing the digestion and subsequent absorption of protein. For example, Bowman-Birk trypsin inhibitor is found in soybeans. 
Lipase inhibitors interfere with enzymes, such as human pancreatic lipase, that catalyze the hydrolysis of some lipids, including fats. For example, the anti-obesity drug orlistat causes a percentage of fat to pass through the digestive tract undigested. 
Amylase inhibitors prevent the action of enzymes that break the glycosidic bonds of starches and other complex carbohydrates, preventing the release of simple sugars and absorption by the body. Amylase inhibitors, like lipase inhibitors, have been used as a diet aide and obesity treatment. Amylase inhibitors are present in many types of beans; commercially available amylase inhibitors are extracted from white kidney beans. 
Phytic acid has a strong binding affinity to minerals such as calcium, magnesium, iron, copper, and zinc. This results in precipitation, making the minerals unavailable for absorption in the intestines. Phytic acids are common in the hulls of nuts, seeds and grains.
Oxalic acid and oxalates are present in many plants, particularly in members of the spinach family. Oxalates bind to calcium and prevent its absorption in the human body.
Glucosinolates prevent the uptake of iodine, affecting the function of the thyroid and thus are considered goitrogens. They are found in broccoli, brussel sprouts, cabbage and cauliflower.
Excessive intake of required nutrients can also result in them having an anti-nutrient action. Excessive intake of fiber can reduce the transit time through the intestines to such a degree that other nutrients cannot be absorbed. Because calcium, iron, zinc and magnesium share the same transporter within the intestine, excessive consumption of one of these minerals can lead to saturation of the transport system and reduced absorption of the other minerals.
Some proteins can also be antinutrients, such as the trypsin inhibitors and lectins found in legumes. These enzyme inhibitors interfere with digestion. 
Another particularly widespread form of antinutrients are the flavonoids, which are a group of polyphenolic compounds that include tannins. These compounds chelate metals such as iron and zinc and reduce the absorption of these nutrients, but they also inhibit digestive enzymes and may also precipitate proteins.
Saponins in plants may serve as anti-feedants.
Occurrence.
Antinutrients are found at some level in almost all foods for a variety of reasons. However, their levels are reduced in modern crops, probably as an outcome of the process of domestication. The possibility now exists to eliminate antinutrients entirely using genetic engineering; but, since these compounds may also have beneficial effects, such genetic modifications could make the foods more nutritious but not improve people's health.
Many traditional methods of food preparation such as fermentation, cooking, and malting increase the nutritive quality of plant foods through reducing certain antinutrients such as phytic acid, polyphenols, and oxalic acid. Such processing methods are widely used in societies where cereals and legumes form a major part of the diet. An important example of such processing is the fermentation of cassava to produce cassava flour: this fermentation reduces the levels of both toxins and antinutrients in the tuber.

</doc>
<doc id="18638014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638014" title="Pickin' the Blues">
Pickin' the Blues

"Pickin' the Blues" is the title of a recording by American folk music artists Doc Watson and Merle Watson, released in 1985. In 2006, it was re-issued on a limited edition, 180 gram all-analog virgin vinyl record from Analogue Productions.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Eugene Chadbourne wrote of the album "What we have here is really a delightful blend of several different blues traditions, transcending the stupid questions of race as if it were a bit of dust that can be blown off the phonograph needle... Watson is such a fine vocalist that he is able to make a number such as this sound relatively fresh, no doubt helped by a blend of acoustic instruments not normally associated with this type of tune. But whatever style the players take on, everything is performed beautifully with deep feeling, comfortable tempos, and inspired picking that is never simply grandstanding. Fans of acoustic guitar will love this record — the instruments are recorded beautifully, especially in that warm, sonorous mid-register."
Track listing.
All songs Traditional unless otherwise noted.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="18638021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638021" title="Vyacheslav Marushko">
Vyacheslav Marushko

Vyacheslav Fyodorovich Marushko () (born September 2, 1938 in Moscow; died November 7, 1999 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player and coach.
International career.
Marushko played his only game for USSR on September 4, 1965 in a friendly against Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="18638028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638028" title="Aghstafa River">
Aghstafa River

Aghstev has a length of 133 km, and a basin area of 2589 km². Along the river lie the cities of Dilijan, Ijevan, Gazakh and Aghstafa.

</doc>
<doc id="18638033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638033" title="List of awards and nominations received by The White Stripes">
List of awards and nominations received by The White Stripes

The White Stripes were an American alternative rock band from Detroit, Michigan. The band was formed in 1997 and consists of vocalist, multi-instrumentalist, and songwriter Jack White and drummer Meg White, who also occasionally provides vocals. The duo released their first two albums, the "The White Stripes" (1999) and "De Stijl" (2000), to limited success; it was their third album, "White Blood Cells" (2001), that pushed the band into the public eye. The album's success was boosted by the single "Fell in Love with a Girl" and its subsequent music video, which won three awards at the 2002 MTV Video Music Awards.
"White Blood Cells" was followed by "Elephant" (2003), which earned the band four Grammy Award nominations, and won them the Best Alternative Music Album and Best Rock Song awards. "Elephant" produced four singles and went double platinum in the United Kingdom. The White Stripes' later albums, "Get Behind Me Satan" (2005) and "Icky Thump" (2007), both won the Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album and charted in the top five of the "Billboard" 200. Overall, The White Stripes have won 17 awards from 54 nominations.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards are awarded for achievements in the record industry. The White Stripes have one nomination.
BRIT Awards.
The BRIT Awards are the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards. The White Stripes have won one award from four nominations.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. The White Stripes have won six awards from eleven nominations.
Meteor Music Awards.
The Meteor Music Awards are distributed by MCD Productions and are the national music awards of Ireland. The White Stripes have won one award from two nominations.
MTV Europe Music Awards.
The MTV Europe Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1994 by MTV Europe. The White Stripes have won one award from eight nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards were established in 1984 by MTV to celebrate the music videos of the year. The White Stripes have won five awards from eighteen nominations.
NME.
Founded by the music magazine "NME", the Shockwaves NME Awards are awarded annually. The NME Awards USA were introduced in 2008 as an annual alternative for American audiences. The White Stripes have won one award from nine nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="18638049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638049" title="Princess Falls">
Princess Falls

Princess Falls is a 7 metre ribbon/plunge waterfall found near the "Chedoke Radial Trail" in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Best viewed after a heavy rain or snow melt. Also known as "Lower Princess Falls". 
Many of the falls in west Hamilton are accessible from the Chedoke Radial Trail. It is built on what was once the route for the Brantford and "Hamilton Electric Railway" owned by the "Cataract Power Light and Traction Company" (later Dominion Power and Transmission). The "Five Johns", (John Cameron, John Dickenson (Canadian politician), John Morison Gibson, John Moodie, Sr. and John Sutherland), form "The Cataract Power Co. Ltd." introducing electric power to Hamilton in 1898. On August 25, 1898, power was sent twenty seven miles from "DeCew Falls", St. Catharines, using water from the old Welland Canal. New industries, such as the forerunners of the Steel Co. of Canada (Stelco) and Canadian Westinghouse, were attracted here by the cheaper, more efficient power. One time this Company controlled hydro power from Brantford to St. Catharines, including the Hamilton Street Railway and the area's radial lines. Back then the city's nickname was ""The Electric City.""
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Chedoke Radial Trail, Stairway to Chedoke Golf Course, Iroquoia Heights Conservation Area and a number of other waterfalls in the area. 
The top of the falls is located beside Highway 403.
Directions.
Travel to Dundurn Street South to the base of the escarpment and get off halfway up the 326-step metal stairway, make a right onto the "Chedoke Radial Trail" and head westward towards the "Chedoke Golf Course". There are a number of other waterfalls along this trail and they include; Scenic Falls, Mountview Falls, Westcliffe Falls, Cliffview Falls, Denlow Falls and Chedoke Falls.
External links.
Maps.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18638067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638067" title="List of actors nominated for two Academy Awards in the same year">
List of actors nominated for two Academy Awards in the same year

The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has had occurrences of actors and actresses nominated for two different Academy Awards in acting categories in a single year, with the first instance in 1938. Provided that they receive enough votes from the Academy in both categories to earn a nomination, there are no restrictions on actors being nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor or actresses being nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress in any given year. The sole rule with regard to multiple nominations is that an actor or actress cannot receive multiple nominations for the same performance. This rule was introduced in 1944 after Barry Fitzgerald received a Best Actor nomination and a Best Supporting Actor nomination for his performance in "Going My Way".
As of 2013, 11 actors and actresses have been nominated for two different Academy Awards in the same year. The first of these actors and actresses was Fay Bainter, who received nominations for her performances in "White Banners" and "Jezebel" at the 11th Academy Awards. The most recent occurrence was during the 80th Academy Awards, in which Cate Blanchett received nominations for ' and "I'm Not There". Seven of these actors and actresses received an Academy Award in one of the categories they were nominated in, and none have won two Academy Awards in the same year. Four did not receive an Academy Award in either category: Sigourney Weaver (nominations for ' and "Working Girl"), Emma Thompson (nominations for "The Remains of the Day" and "In the Name of the Father"), Julianne Moore (nominations for "Far from Heaven" and "The Hours"), and Cate Blanchett (nominations for "Elizabeth: The Golden Age" and "I'm Not There").

</doc>
<doc id="18638077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638077" title="Aida Mollenkamp">
Aida Mollenkamp

Aida Marianne Mollenkamp (born April 15, 1980) is a chef, television personality, and food writer from Manhattan Beach, California.
Early life.
Aida grew up in Southern California and attended Rolling Hills Country Day and Chadwick School in Los Angeles. Before she got interested in cooking, she played soccer, tennis, did classical ballet, and other extracurricular activities including music and volunteering. In high school, a skiing accident rendered her temporarily unable to dance and she turned to cooking as a means of expressing herself creatively.
Education and career.
Aida attended the Cornell Hotel School and graduated with a B.S. in hospitality management from Cornell University. Following this, she worked in hospitality real estate consulting at Ernst & Young, then moved to Europe, living between Florence, Italy and Paris, France for two years. She attended culinary school and received a Grand Diplôme from Le Cordon Bleu in Paris in 2004. Over the years, she has worked at several restaurants and hotels in the United States (including Chez Melange, California Pizza Kitchen, and the Hotel Bel-Air, in Los Angeles, California). Following her return to the U.S. in 2005, Mollenkamp became an editor at the San Francisco, California-based CHOW.com online food magazine.
Food Network and Cooking Channel.
Aida's first Food Network series, the interactive cooking program "Ask Aida", began airing on August 2, 2008 and filmed three seasons. Her second show, "FoodCrafters" for Food Network’s new sister network, Cooking Channel, debuted May 31, 2010. In "FoodCrafters", she leaves the kitchen to uncover handmade food finds from around the nation.
Keys To The Kitchen Cookbook.
Her first cookbook, Keys To The Kitchen: The Essential Reference for Becoming A More Accomplished, Adventurous Cook, was published by Chronicle Books in October 2012.
Family.
Mollenkamp's mother is Italian American and her stepmother is French, both of whom helped foster her passion for cooking while she was growing up. Aida's cooking style is influenced by her family's origins yet it also was shaped by the multi-ethnic nature of Los Angeles, where she grew up. She has prepared recipes on her show inspired by her family, including her sister Ivy and their grandmother. Aida's brother, Christophe, was shown on the "Dear Food Network Grilling" episode titled "Grilling in Paradise." Her sister Ivy serves as her public relations manager. Aida currently lives between Los Angeles and San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="18638084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638084" title="Junkers G 31">
Junkers G 31

The Junkers G 31 was an advanced tri-motor airliner produced in small numbers in Germany in the 1920s. Like other Junkers types, it was an all-metal, low-wing cantilever monoplane. Compared to modern aircraft, only the corrugated duralumin metal skin, so typical for Junkers aircraft, seems unusual. However in the mid-1920s all-metal construction and an aerodynamically 'clean' configuration were remarkable.
Development.
Professor Junkers wanted to follow up on the commercial success of the tri-motor G 24 with a new design that would be larger, more comfortable for passengers, and simpler to operate and maintain.
The G 31 was the first Luft Hansa airliner to feature a flight attendant (Wagner p. 264), who served food and drinks (which were not complimentary). This earned the G 31 the nickname 'flying dining car' ('fliegender Speisewagen' in German). Because of its large fuselage it was also called the flying moving van ('fliegender Möbelwagen' in German). Behind the cockpit were compartments for a radio operator, baggage and an APU that provided compressed air for main engine starting and drove a generator for electric power. The cabin was divided into three compartments that held eleven regular passenger seats, four jump seats for passengers, a jump seat for the steward, and an enclosed lavatory. Instead of the passenger seats, ten beds could be made up for night flying. There was a baggage and freight hold under the cabin. The wings had trailing edge flaps that reduced the landing speed by ten percent (Wagner p. 267). 
Professor Junkers originally requested the G 31 have landing gear that would retract into the wings. After extensive wind tunnel experiments Ernst Zindel, the leader of the design team, persuaded Professor Junkers that the gain in speed provided by reduced air resistance, would not outweigh the increased weight, cost and complexity of either retractable landing gear or simple wheel fairings. The tail skid incorporated a roller, to avoid damage to grass airfields(Wagner p. 262-263).
The intended power plant was three Junkers L5 engines. When these proved too weak, it was suggested to use the Napier Lion, considered to be the best aero engine at the time ("the best engine for the best plane"). This however was too expensive. Especially since it would have had to be paid for in convertible currency, not German Reichsmark. Most G 31s flew with foreign air-cooled radial engines in the 500 hp range, which were licence-built in Germany (see list of variants below)(Wagner p. 265-267).
Operational history.
Originally, the G 31 had been intended to equip Junkers' own airline, Junkers Luftverkehr, but this venture was merged into Deutsche Luft Hansa in 1926, and the new airline purchased only eight G 31s, beginning operations in May 1928. They were used on the long-range routes of Luft Hansa, particularly to Scandinavia. They continued in this role until 1935, when replaced by the Junkers Ju 52.
Four other G 31s were sold for freighting cargo in New Guinea. Operated by Guinea Airways, one was owned by the airline itself, while the other three were owned by the Bulolo Gold Dredging Company. Powered by Pratt & Whitney Hornets, these differed from the G 31 airliners in having open cockpits, and a large hatch in the fuselage roof to accommodate the loading of bulky cargo via crane. In one particular operation, the G 31s were used to airlift eight 3,000 tonne (3,310 ton) dredges (in parts) from Lae to Bulolo. Three of the aircraft were destroyed in a Japanese air-raid on Bulolo on 21 January 1942, and the remaining aircraft was pressed into RAAF service 10 days later. This machine (construction number 3010, registration VH-UOW) was seriously damaged in an accident at Laverton, Victoria on 31 October that year after it careened off the runway and collided with and destroyed the Minister for Air's car. Although judged beyond repair by the Air Force, it eventually returned to freighter use in New Guinea for some time after the war.
Unlike the earlier Junkers G 24, the G 31 was not a commercial success, only 13 being sold, as opposed to 54 civilian G 24s (+30 military derivatives)(Wagner p. 267). Compared to the G 24 it offered passengers more comfort. Compared to the more usual biplane airliners of the 1920s, the G 31 was faster, and its all metal construction made it safer. However purchase price and operating costs were high. Instead of the new designed G 31, a developed version of the G 24 might have sold better.

</doc>
<doc id="18638086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638086" title="Another Way to Die">
Another Way to Die

"Another Way to Die" is a song by American rock musician and singer Jack White and American R&B singer Alicia Keys. Written and produced by White as the theme song to the 2008 James Bond film "Quantum of Solace", it was released as a single in the United States on September 30, 2008 and in Europe on October 20, 2008. The song is the first single from "As I Am: The Super Edition".
The song—which features White on vocals, guitar and drums and Keys on vocals—is the first duet in the Bond film series, and was nominated for Best Short Form Music Video at the 2009 Grammy Awards, with director P. R. Brown. It was also nominated for Best Song at the 2008 Critics' Choice Awards, and won Best Original Song at the Satellite Awards 2008.
The single was released as a limited edition 7" single of 6,000 copies in the U.S. on September 30, 2008 by White's label Third Man Records, and in the United Kingdom on October 20, 2008 by XL Recordings. It was also released as a downloadable song for the video game "Guitar Hero World Tour" on November 7, 2008. An instrumental version of the song was also used in a Coca-Cola commercial, as Coca-Cola Zero was used to promote the film.
Roughly the first two minutes of the song were first played on September 13, 2008 on the radio show "Siglo 21" on Radio 3 in Spain. The song premiered on British radio on September 18, 2008 on BBC Radio 1's "The Jo Whiley Show". "Newsbeat" described the reaction from listeners who e-mailed their opinions as mixed. On October 3, 2008 the music video premiered on Channel 4.
Background.
White wrote and produced the song and he plays the guitar, drums and piano, while Keys provides vocals, becoming the first duet in Bond theme history. The pair filmed a video for the song in Toronto on September 6, 2008, whilst Keys was at the Toronto International Film Festival promoting her film "The Secret Life of Bees" while White was there with "It Might Get Loud", a documentary on the electric guitar. Initial reviews of the song were mixed, with some critics anticipating that the song could grow in popularity the more it was played on radio and performed live. Amy Winehouse and Leona Lewis had previously been rumored as the vocalists for the Bond theme.
Music video.
The music video for the song was released on Yahoo! Video on September 29, 2008, and directed by P. R. Brown. It has since made its way onto YouTube and other video sharing sites. It can also be seen on the DVD of the film. It features White singing and playing both guitar and the drums. Keys sings and plays piano in the video. Video effects and CGI are in the background featuring wavy lines and use of dawn and dusk. A shot of Daniel Craig as James Bond appears in the very last shot, which appeared in the theatrical trailer for the film. The video was announced as a nominee for Best Short Form Music Video at the 51st Grammy Awards.
In the opening titles to the theatrical film, the song begins when Bond fires a bullet. He roams the desert aiming his gun in every direction, and slowly the sand dunes he has been patrolling become nude women in silhouette. Aside from the desert theme, there are also visual cues of the night sky, and lines of celestial navigation seen, as well as various handgun silhouettes. The main colors used in the video are black, blue, and orange.
Chart performance.
On September 28, 2008, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at number twenty-six on downloads alone, and peaked at nine. Also, it became Keys' first chart-topper in Finland, and charted inside the top ten in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Norway, and Switzerland. In Canada it debuted at number fifteen on the Canadian Hot 100 on the issue dated October 18, 2008, based on a large number of downloads.
In the United States it debuted at number eighty-one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on the issue dated November 29, 2008, spending one week only on the chart.
In Australia the single made its way into the top forty, peaking at number twenty-nine for the week of December 1, 2008. "Another Way to Die" was the first James Bond theme song to feature on a Triple J Hottest 100 playlist, compiled almost every year since 1989; in 2008 the song was ranked the eighty-seventh most popular.
Critical reception.
The song received a poor reception, with Jude Rogers of "The Guardian" calling the song "jagged" and "awkward". Criticism focused on how the song does not seem to fit as a James Bond theme.
Live performance.
"Another Way to Die" was included on Keys' set list on her "The Freedom Tour". Neither White nor Keys performed the song on television, or at awards ceremonies.
Personnel.
Credits are taken from the record sleeve.

</doc>
<doc id="18638094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638094" title="Great Hollands">
Great Hollands

Great Hollands is a suburb of Bracknell in Berkshire, England. It takes its name from a medieval field-name of Easthampstead parish, which it was previously in. Building of the estate began around 1967 as the town continued to expand.
The estate lies approximately south-west of the town centre, to the west of the A3095 road. Great Hollands is in two wards, Great Hollands North and Great Hollands South.
Facilities include a shopping centre, library, community centre, the William Twigg public house and Great Hollands Primary School[http://www.greathollandsprimary.co.uk/]. There are a number of light industrial units near the shopping centre.
History.
The development of Great Hollands neighbourhood was originally closely linked with the growth of the Bracknell company, Sperry, which was at the time Bracknell's largest employer. The only memory now left of this company is the concrete gyroscope, which is situated on one of the roundabouts on the Wokingham Road, opposite which Sperry's main building once stood. The site is now the Arlington Square Complex.
In the mid 1960s Sperry built an extension to its Bracknell factory so that the work of its Brentwood branch could be transferred here. Houses were needed for employees, and, as a result, the development of Great Hollands neighbourhood had to be pushed ahead faster than was originally intended. The first houses were completed in 1967 but the acceleration in the building of the houses led to a longer than usual wait for the provision of other services and facilities. Great Hollands was, at that time, the furthest neighbourhood from the town and the bus service was somewhat inadequate.
Some of the first people to move to Great Hollands complained of the delay in the provision of a primary school, shops (especially a chemist) and public telephones. Temporary shops were provided (two houses in Abbotsbury were used - one a Londis store, and the other a newsagent). A community centre was improvised in converted premises (East Lodge).
The population of Great Hollands had passed the 3000 mark before the neighbourhood centre known today began to take shape. Sixteen shops opened during 1971, followed somewhat later by the William Twigg public house and, later still, by a primary school.
In its fully developed form, Great Hollands has a number of features which distinguish it from some of Bracknell's original housing estates. There was a large proportion of private housing built. The neighbourhood centre was planned more comprehensively and included a small amount of light industry. The primary school, a community centre and a branch of the library were all constructed.
In 1976 the town's first purpose-built health centre opened its doors in the Great Hollands neighbourhood centre.
Traffic segregation, which was originally started when Wildridings was constructed, was considerably extended along the same lines in Great Hollands.
The neighbourhood streets branched off a circular road called Ringmead and they were all named in alphabetical order: Abbotsbury, Ambassador, Appledore and so on ending with Yardley. Many of the names were very familiar ones to the Londoners who moved here as they were the old names of the London telephone exchanges.

</doc>
<doc id="18638100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638100" title="Paul Belmondo (sculptor)">
Paul Belmondo (sculptor)

Paul Belmondo (b. 8 August 1898, Algiers, French Algeria - d. 1 January 1982, Paris, France) was a French sculptor. He is the father of the actor Jean-Paul Belmondo.
Biography.
Belmondo was born in Algiers into a poor family of Italian origin (Piedmont and Sicily). His early schooling was at Dordor in Algiers. Passionate about art and design, he began carving at the age of 13 years. He studied architecture at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Algiers, but his studies were interrupted by the First World War. He was gassed at the Battle of Saint-Mihiel, and was then demobilized. 
Thanks to a grant from the government of Algeria, he continued his studies in Paris where he became the student, then the friend, of Charles Despiau and Jean Boucher. He won the Grand Prix de Rome and Prix Blumenthal in 1926. He married in Paris in 1930 (3 children were born to the marriage, Alain, Jean-Paul and Muriel). He received the "Grand Prix artistique" of Algeria in 1932 and then the Grand Prix of the city of Paris in 1936. 
During World War II he was a member of "Groupe Collaboration", which advocated collaboration with the Nazi authorities. He was vice-president of the arts section (1941–1945). In 1941 he participated in a "study tour" organized by Goebbels in Germany, in which French painters and sculptors visited German cultural sites and art workshops. However, Paul Belmondo was not "worried" after the Liberation since many other well-known artists had also participated. 
Before the war, he received many orders from the state, including the Palais de Chaillot with Leo-Ernest Drivier and Marcel Gimond. He became a professor at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts de Paris in 1956 and a member of the Institute in 1960.
Death.
He died, aged 83, on 1 January 1982 in Paris. He is buried in Montparnasse Cemetery. His workshop was located in old stables, at the Avenue Denfert-Rochereau in Paris.
Work.
Belmondo's work continues the neoclassical academic style, seeking harmonious forms with simple lines and smooth surfaces. He also made medals and illustrations for art books, including Georges Courteline's "Boubouroche". Two bronzes, "Jeannette" and "Apollo", have been located in the Tuileries Palace Gardens since 1988 (donated by the Belmondo family). When Jean-Baptiste Carpeaux's sculpture "Dance" was moved from the exterior of Opera Garnier, Belmondo made the replacement for the original location. 
A retrospective exhibition of his work, entitled "The sculpture of serenity" was organized in several cities in France from 1997 at the initiative of the Ministry of Culture. The National Museum of Fine Arts in Algiers has a large collection of sculptures by Belmondo.
Musée Paul Belmondo.
In March 2007 Jean-Paul Belmondo, his brother Alain and his sister Muriel donated all works of their father they owned to the Paris suburb Boulogne-Billancourt: 259 sculptures, 444 medals and almost 900 drawings as well as sketchbooks and preparatory work. Emmanuel Bréon, curator of the Musée des Années Trente (Museum of the 1930s) in Boulogne-Billancourt had proposed that a museum dedicated to Paul Belmondo could be located in the area. The Belmondo collection was temporarily stored in the Musée des Années Trente. 
The new museum was built in Buchillot castle, an eighteenth-century folly. The building, a historic monument, owned by the city, was renovated for a sum of over 2.7 million euros. It was initially expected to open at the end of 2008, but was delayed until 2010, opening to the public on September 14, 2010. "The Architectural Review" discussed the design, writing that:
The designers describe the first space as 'a setting of the utmost serenity possible' where a ‘smooth, otherworldly luminescence’ is created through a diffusion of natural and hidden artificial lighting. 'Niches, alcoves, raised floors, openings, and contrived backdrops create multiples sight lines, discoveries and frames for the landscape,' said the architects.
From this serene white space you enter the second chamber which, by contrast, is made from timber. This is designed to be 'reminiscent of the backstage of a theatre or an artist's workroom, which is intended to evoke memories and references to other times and other performers.' 

</doc>
<doc id="18638105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638105" title="SignalDemand">
SignalDemand

SignalDemand, an on-demand provider of price and margin optimization software for large manufacturers, was founded in 2004 by Mike Neal and is based in San Francisco with its European headquarters in London. SignalDemand delivers their solutions as a software as a service (SaaS).
Customers.
SignalDemand customers include major meat and food producers such as Cargill, Farmland Foods, Hormel, National Frozen Foods, Rich Products, Seaboard Foods and Ventura Foods.
Investors.
SignalDemand investors include Interwest Partners, Hummer Winblad Venture Partners, General Catalyst Partners and Catamount Ventures.

</doc>
<doc id="18638111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638111" title="Ralph Cooper (Apollo)">
Ralph Cooper (Apollo)

Ralph Cooper (January 16, 1908 - August 4, 1992), was an American actor, dancer and the originator and master of ceremonies of Amateur Night at the Apollo Theater in Harlem, New York.
Biography.
He was born on January 16, 1908 in New York City. He worked as a dancer in small downtown clubs near New York University, which he attended for one semester. In 1935 he started the Apollo's Amateur Night which ran every Wednesday night. The Apollo closed in the 1970s, but the contest was restarted in 1985 after the renovations were completed. He was again the master of ceremonies. His son, Ralph Cooper 2nd, took over the show after his father was hospitalized with cancer. He died on August 4, 1992.
In 1937 he formed Million Dollar Productions with black actor George Randol and white producers Harry Popkin and his brother Leo Popkin to produce race films that he often starred in, wrote, produced and directed. Tino Balio has written that, "Million Dollar, more than any other company, moved black filmmaking away from a marginalized form towards the mainstream, advancing considerably its reputation and ability to attract audiences."

</doc>
<doc id="18638115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638115" title="Gobichettipalayam (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Gobichettipalayam (Lok Sabha constituency)

Gobichettipalayam was a Lok Sabha constituency in Tamil Nadu. It has been removed by Election commission after rearrangement of constituencies in 2008.
Assembly segments.
Gobichettipalayam Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18638119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638119" title="Gerry Lightowler">
Gerry Lightowler

Gerard A "Gerry" Lightowler (5 September 1940 – 26 July 2008) was an English professional footballer, who played more than 200 games for his hometown club Bradford Park Avenue. He also played for Bradford City, Guiseley, and in the United States with Los Angeles Wolves.
Career.
Lightowler was born in Bradford, England, on 5 September 1940 and attended St. Bede's Grammar School. He was a left back, who started his football career with one of his hometown clubs, Bradford Park Avenue. He signed amateur forms with Park Avenue in 1958, making his first team debut in the final game of the 1958–59 season when Avenue defeated Aldershot 5–1. In September 1961, Lightowler signed his first full-time professional contract with Avenue, before going on to play 229 league and cup games with the club, during which time he scored two goals, one in the league and another in the FA Cup. Of his games, 208 were in the league.
In March 1968, Lightowler left Park Avenue to move to the United States, where he joined North American Soccer League side Los Angeles Wolves. He spent just seven months in the United States where he played 28 games, scoring three goals, before he returned to Bradford, after signing for Division Four team Bradford City under the management of Jimmy Wheeler. City finished fourth during the 1968–69 season, earning promotion to Division Three. However, Lightowler was released during the summer having played just 12 games, 11 of which were in the league, for City. Following his release, he joined nearby non-league club Guiseley.
Personal life.
Lightowler was married to Sandra. He was also interested in cricket and was a steward and committee member of Gomersal Cricket Club, in Gomersal, West Yorkshire.
He died in July 2008 at the age of 67. Following his death, his former teammate Bobby Ham, with whom he played at both Bradford clubs, described him as "a great lad with a fantastic sense of humour".

</doc>
<doc id="18638125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638125" title="Nedim Gürsel">
Nedim Gürsel

Nedim Gürsel (born April 5, 1951, in Gaziantep) is a Turkish writer. In the late 1960s, he published novellas and essays in Turkish magazines. After graduating from Galatasaray High School in 1970, he studied at the Sorbonne. In 1974, he graduated from the Sorbonne's Department of Modern French Literature. In 1979, he received his doctorate in comparative literature after completing his dissertation on Louis Aragon and Nazim Hikmet. He returned to Turkey but the unrest there in 1980 persuaded him to go back to France. 
In 1976, Gürsel published "A Summer without End", a collection of stories. For that collection, in 1977, Gürsel received Turkey's highest literary prize, the "Prize of the Turkish Language Academy". After the 1980 Turkish coup d'état, a military tribunal charged that Gürsel's collection had slandered the Turkish army. In 1983, the Turkish military censored Gürsel's novel "The First Woman". Although the Turkish authorities dismissed the charges against Gürsel, their actions made "A Summer without End" and "The First Woman" unavailable in Turkey for several years.
In 2008, Gürsel published "The Daughters of Allah". The book prompted the Turkish authorities to charge Gürsel with insulting religion. In June 2009, a court in Istanbul acquitted Gürsel of the charge.
Gürsel is a founding member of the International Parliament of Writers. Today, a citizen of France, he teaches contemporary Turkish literature at the Sorbonne, and works as the research director on Turkish Literature at the International French Science Research Center (CNRS). 
Gürsel's awards include:
Gürsel's works include:

</doc>
<doc id="18638137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638137" title="Finnish parliamentary election, 1995">
Finnish parliamentary election, 1995

Parliamentary elections were held in Finland on 19 March 1995. The previous centre-right cabinet fell as the Social Democratic Party (SDP) made strong gains and achieved the best result of any party since World War II, winning 63 of the 200 seats in the Eduskunta. The main reason for the defeat of the Centre Party-led coalition was its unpopular austerity program and lingering effects of the early 1990s recession.
After the election, a five party "Rainbow Coalition" was formed, with SDP leader Paavo Lipponen appointed Prime Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="18638138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638138" title="Bremen Ratskeller">
Bremen Ratskeller

The Bremen Ratskeller is the council wine cellar (German: "Ratskeller") of the Town Hall of Bremen. Since it was erected in the year 1405, German wines were stored and sold there. With its history over 600 years the Ratskeller of Bremen is one of the oldest wine cellars of Germany, furthermore the oldest wine barrel of Germany, a wine from Rüdesheim which is dated 1653, is stored here.
In the cellar there has long been a traditional tavern and today a large part of it is a gourmet restaurant.
History.
Since 1330 the Council of Bremen held the privilege of white wine which was valid until 1815. No citizen should sell wine without the permission of the Council. All wines had to be stored in the Cellar of the Council. The purpose was to control the prices and the payment of taxes.
With about 650 varieties the Ratskeller has the world's greatest selection of German wines exclusively, even in total there are about 1,200 different spirits available.
Literature.
Hermann Entholt: "The Ratskeller in Bremen". Translated from the German by Harold Styring, Bremen 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="18638139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638139" title="Specter (Battlestar Galactica)">
Specter (Battlestar Galactica)

Specter is a fictional character from the 1978 "Battlestar Galactica" television series. Specter is commander of the Attila Garrison on a Delta class planet in the Omega sector. Specter is introduced to the series in "The Young Lords" episode.
An early I-L series Cylon, Specter has a transparent pointy head, wears a bold red and white colored robe, and has two oscillating eyes, in contrast to the single eye of Cylon Centurions. 
Specter's personality is nonchalant, confident, clever, and deceptive. Specter has been sustaining an ongoing losing campaign against local humans and has kept it secret from Cylon command. Specter boldly lies to Baltar about the capture of a Colonial Warrior (Starbuck) who has been rescued by locals. Specter also lies to the local humans in an exchange of prisoners. While Specter continues to experience setbacks, his glowing reports (lies) to Baltar earn praise and recognition and even while his garrison is being captured by the locals, Specter convinces Baltar to promote his unit to a new assignment.
Specter is thought to be an inferior model by Lucifer, although Baltar believes this opinion is driven by jealousy. Lucifer grows to distrust Specter as he sees through the lies that Specter tells. 
Specter's interactions with humans have provided him unique insights and understanding about human behavior. For example Specter has learned that some humans have a trait, integrity, which he considers to be more binding than "cylon chain", implying a higher degree of trustworthiness. The understanding of human behavior is one of Lucifer's personal goals for his assignment to Baltar in early episodes. 
Specter is one of the characters from the original "Battlestar Galactica" series that has no direct analog in the 2003 reimagined "Battlestar Galactica". 

</doc>
<doc id="18638191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638191" title="Noventi">
Noventi

Noventi Ventures is a venture capital firm founded in 2002 by Giacomo Marini and it was previously known as CIR Ventures.
The Noventi team includes: Giacomo Marini, Masa Ishii, Pierluigi Zappacosta.
Portfolio.
Noventi Ventures provided venture capital and active support for the following companies:

</doc>
<doc id="18638287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638287" title="James E. Nathanson">
James E. Nathanson

James E. "Jim" Nathanson is a politician in Washington, D.C. He was elected to represent Ward 3 on the Council of the District of Columbia in 1987 and served until 1995.
Nathanson was a teacher at Duke Ellington School of the Arts in February 1986 when he announced his run for the Ward 3 council seat of Polly Shackleton, who was not running for reelection. He won the 1986 election and was reelected in 1990, but was defeated in the 1994 Democratic primary by Kathleen Patterson.

</doc>
<doc id="18638289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638289" title="Jon Moya">
Jon Moya

Jon Moya Martín (born 5 January 1983 in Barakaldo, Biscay) is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Logroñés as a central defender.

</doc>
<doc id="18638294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638294" title="We Meet at Tove's">
We Meet at Tove's

"We Meet at Tove's" () is a 1946 Danish drama directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Grete Frische. The film stars an ensemble cast, including Illona Wieselmann, Gull-Maj Norin, Helle Virkner and Inger Stender in a story about eight women who meet ten years after their high school graduation to discuss the reality of their lives. It has been noted as one of the first Danish films which focused on women and women's rights.

</doc>
<doc id="18638312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638312" title="Martin Jetpack">
Martin Jetpack

The Martin Jetpack is an experimental aircraft. Though its tradename uses the phrase "jet pack," the craft uses ducted fans for lift. Martin Aircraft Company of New Zealand developed it, and they unveiled it on July 29, 2008 at the Experimental Aircraft Association's 2008 AirVenture in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, USA. The Federal Aviation Administration classifies it as an experimental ultralight airplane.
It uses a gasoline (premium) engine with two ducted fans to provide lift. Its design claims a 60 mile per hour maximum speed, an 8,000 foot flight ceiling, with a flight time about 30 minutes on a full fuel tank. 
The jetpack could be available on the market as soon as 2014, and is expected to sell for approximately , 
with the initial production model aimed at military and "first responder" emergency crews such as firefighters. A more basic model for the general public may be on the market as early as 2015.
History.
The Martin Jetpack has been under development for over 30 years. Glenn Martin started work on it in his Christchurch garage in the 1980s.
In 2008, following debut at the US Oshkosh Airshow, Martin Aircraft stated that they planned to deliver the first Martin Jetpacks to ten customers in early 2010.
, the consumer price was expected to be US$100,000.
New Zealand aviation regulatory authorities approved the Martin Jetpack for a limited set of manned flight tests in 2013. 
, the price of the production units is expected to be 
and sell in the US for -250,000.
Description.
The Martin Jetpack is a small VTOL device with two ducted fans that provide lift and a 2.0 litre V4 piston 200-horsepower gasoline (premium) engine. Although its pilot straps onto it and does not sit, the device cannot be classed as a backpack device because it is too large to be worn while walking. The Martin Jetpack does not meet the Federal Aviation Administration's classification of an ultralight aircraft: it meets weight and fuel restrictions, but it cannot meet the power-off stall speed requirement. It uses the same gasoline used in cars, is relatively easy to fly, and is cheaper to maintain and operate than other ultralight aircraft. Most helicopters require a tail rotor to counteract the rotor torque, which, along with the articulated head complicate flying, construction, and maintenance enormously. The Martin Jetpack is designed to be torque neutral – it has no tail rotor, no collective, no articulating or foot pedals – and this design simplifies flying dramatically. Pitch and roll are controlled by one hand, yaw and the throttle by the other.
Version 2.
A second version of the Martin Jetpack has been built to prepare for manned flight testing. The new prototype, with the descriptor "P12", has several design improvements over earlier versions including lowering the position of the Martin Jetpack's ducts which has reportedly resulted in much better maneuverability.
Safety features.
In order to enhance safety, the finished product will feature a ballistic parachute and a fly-by-wire system whereby the pilot sends instructions to a computer that then interprets them and smoothly flies the craft. It can also be programmed to fly only a few meters above the ground and/or fly within certain limits.
Flight testing.
On 29 May 2011, the Martin Jetpack successfully completed a remotely-controlled unmanned test flight to 1,500 m (5,000ft) above sea level, and carried out a successful test of its ballistic parachute. 
A second version, designated prototype "P12", of the Martin Jetpack received approval from the New Zealand Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) to begin manned flight testing in August 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="18638316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638316" title="Harry Epworth Allen">
Harry Epworth Allen

Harry Epworth Allen (27 November 1894 – 25 March 1958) was an English painter. He was one of the twentieth century's most distinctive interpreters of landscape.
Early life.
H. E. Allen was born at 20, Kirkstall Road, in the Hunter's Bar district of Sheffield, England. The city would remain his home for the rest of his life. His father was Henry Allen, a steel mark maker, and his mother Elizabeth Epworth Allen (née Blacktin). Epworth was the maiden name of Elizabeth's mother, who was also called Elizabeth.
Allen showed remarkable artistic talent from an early age and in 1902 won third prize for pen and ink drawing in an art studentship competition run by the Sheffield Weekly Independent. Between 1907 and 1911 he attended the King Edward VII School in Sheffield, where he obtained a Lower School Certificate Prize for his class distinctions in Arithmetic, Scripture and English.
In 1911 he began work as a clerk in the steel works owned by Arthur Balfour and in 1912 he enrolled at the Sheffield Technical School of Art.
War service.
In 1915 Allen enlisted with the Royal Garrison Artillery of the Regular Army and in June 1916 was posted to the British Expeditionary Force to France. He worked as assistant to the observation officer, sketching enemy equipment and locations in the field. In August 1916 he was moved to the front line.
In 1917 he was awarded the Military Medal for conspicuous gallantry. He was badly wounded. His school magazine for 1917 recorded his experience:
"Private H.E.Allen (R.G.A.) has been awarded the Military Medal for conspicuous gallantry under heavy shell fire on January 25th 1917. He was an assistant to the observation officer, and had many exciting times in this post. Under heavy shelling of the enemy, he found his officer completely buried in the dug-out, and, though under heavy fire, tried to extricate him. A shell falling within a yard of him buried and bruised him, but he managed to get free and obtain further assistance and save the officer's life. Unfortunately, Allen himself was badly wounded in both legs and lies in hospital in France."
One leg had to be amputated above the knee, while the other leg was seriously injured by shrapnel.
Artistic career.
In 1915 Allen enlisted in the Royal Garrison Artillery in the British Army and soon after was posted to France with the British Expeditionary Force where he sketched enemy troop locations and equipment in the field. He was awarded the Military Medal in 1917, and a year later was discharged from the Army on medical grounds having lost a leg. He was involved in a number of art societies in the 20's and was a pupil of Frank Saltfleet.
He was a member of a number of art societies including Sheffield Society of Artists, Hallamshire Sketch Club- from 1932 known as the Hallamshire Art Society, Heeley Art Club, and later the Pastel Society 1952. He exhibited at The Royal Academy over 23 years from 1933, and he had 39 works accepted by them. He was prolific as an artist working from the 1920 up until his death in 1958.
On 16 May 1925 he married Lucy Hodder at Holy Trinity Church, Millbrook, Southampton. They took their honeymoon in Corfe in Dorset. In 1931 Allen was made redundant and became a professional painter. After the death of Allen's father in 1932, the couple went to live with his mother, Elizabeth Epworth Blacktin. Allen died on 25 March 1958, at home, at 67 Banner Cross Road, from a coronary thrombosis.
Paintings.
Allen was recognised as one of the Yorkshire Artists group. His style is often regarded as surreal.
Allen's paintings are held in the art collections of a number of British institutions including Sheffield Museums, Derby Art Gallery, The Hepworth Wakefield and the British Museum.
In April 2013, two of Allens' paintings, dating from 1942 and 1943, of scenes in Achill Island, County Mayo, were featured on BBC One's Antiques Roadshow. The works, which were executed in egg tempera, were valued at £6,000 - £7,000 each.

</doc>
<doc id="18638326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638326" title="Duhalde">
Duhalde

The Basque surname Duhalde can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18638330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638330" title="Seán Óg De Paor">
Seán Óg De Paor

Seán Óg de Paor (born 24 December 1970) is a former inter-county footballer for Galway.
De Paor comes from An Cheathrú Rua in the Connemara Gaeltacht, where he attended the local national school, Scoil Mhic Dara. It was there he started playing Gaelic football, and he captained the team that won Corn Uí Chonaire - a competition between Gaeltacht national schools in Galway - two years running, in 1982 and 1983.
From there he went on to secondary school in St. Jarlath's College Tuam, where he further developed his Gaelic-footballing skills. He then went on to attend University College Galway, captaining its 1992 Sigerson Cup-winning side. Throughout this period, he was also regularly playing football for his club, An Cheathrú Rua, and he was on the team that was promoted to senior status in 1987, and he played a vital role when the club won the Senior County Championship in 1996 and Comórtas Peile na Gaeltachta in 1997.
But it was as an intercounty player that Seán Óg is best known; he played minor, under 21 and senior-level football for Galway, under a variety of different managers, without great success, it must be admitted, until the arrival of John O'Mahony as manager in 1997. Seán Óg played a key role in Galway’s winning the All-Ireland in 1998 and 2001, and he appeared in another All-Ireland final against Kerry in 2000, although they were beaten that time around. Seán Óg also played for his country against Australia in the International Rules series in four successive years, between 1998 and 2001.
In 2004, De Paor suffered a cruciate ligament injury and missed all of the 2004 Championship as a result. He struggled to shake off the unjury the following, restricting his involvement in the 2005 Championship. In December of that year, he decided to retire from inter-county football
In January, 2008, De Paor released his autobiography, "Lá An Phaoraigh", written entirely in Irish with the assistance of his sister Aoife de Paor, and published by Cló Iar-Chonnachta. Throughout this book we see just how committed Seán Óg de Paor is to Gaelic football and the immense demands intercounty football in particular placed on him. The ups and downs, highs and lows, heartbreak and exhilaration of Gaelic football at every level are all captured in this book by one of Ireland’s most accomplished athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="18638349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638349" title="Riding the Midnight Train">
Riding the Midnight Train

Riding the Midnight Train is the title of a recording by American folk music artists Doc Watson and Merle Watson, released in 1986. It is the last album Merle Watson recorded before he was killed in a tractor accident.
At the Grammy Awards of 1987, "Riding the Midnight Train" won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album.
Guests include Béla Fleck, Sam Bush and Mark O'Connor.
Track listing.
Track 7 "Stone's Rag" omitted from Sugar Hill cassette tape SH-C-3752.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="18638384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638384" title="Pacific States University">
Pacific States University

Pacific States University is a private university in Harvard Heights, Los Angeles California, U.S. and member of ACICS . Founded in 1928 as an independent private institution, it has provided an education in the fields of business, and computer science to more than 10,000 graduates. 
Institutions.
A faculty of about 89 professors serve as of school year 2008. The student body is drawn from the United States and 40 other countries. Facilities include classrooms, computer laboratories with Internet access.
The library which houses more than 15,000 volumes and subscribes to over 50 periodical, and professional journals. It provides computer services through its Internet terminals. Students have access to Melvyl, which is the online catalog network for the campuses of the University of California. Other university libraries, as well as the Los Angeles Public Library (LAPL), make their materials available to students.
Campus.
The main campus is centered on Southern California in central west and extends into the surrounding Harvard Heights, Los Angeles, California neighborhood. Lies on South western Avenue The campus contains the central administrative offices and main library of the university, and the majority of the freshman dormitories.
Organization.
PSU has three faculties:
College of Business
College of Computer Science & Information Systems
College of Certificate program

</doc>
<doc id="18638390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638390" title="James Burmeister">
James Burmeister

James Burmeister is an Army soldier who was charged with AWOL and desertion. He refused redeployment to Iraq while on leave in May 2007 because of some soldiers use of "bait and kill" tactics: a soldier would place objects such as fake security cameras, AK47 assault rifles, and bomb making materials in the open to bait a civilian into being sniped. He moved to Canada with his spouse and her infant child, and lived there for 10 months before returning voluntarily to Fort Knox in March 2008 after learning that "bait and kill" tactics were deemed immoral.

</doc>
<doc id="18638392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638392" title="1860 (film)">
1860 (film)

1860 is a 1934 Italian historical film directed by Alessandro Blasetti and starring Giuseppe Gulino, Aida Bellia and Gianfranco Giachetti.
The filmpresages Italian neorealism in that it was shot wholly on location. Also, most contemporaneous historical epics used a star to focus on grand historical characters. This film focuses on a character whom nobody knows or will ever know; a patriot riding to get the assistance of Giuseppe Garibaldi. This film (in its heralding of neorealism) illustrates how the average man plays a part in grand histories. The film also uses non-actors (a key element of Italian neorealism) and a rarity for its time and era.
Cast.
The film includes many non-professional actors, Gianfranco Giachetti (brother of Fosco Giachetti), Maria Denis, and Mario Ferrari. It was the last film of Ugo Gracci. A list of the non-actors includes Giuseppe Gulino, Aida Bellia and many others.
Plot.
The story is the harried attempt of a Sicilian partisan (as part of the Risorgimento) to reach Garibaldi's headquarters in Northern Italy, and to petition the revered revolutionary to rescue part of his besieged land. Along the way, the peasant hero encounters many colorful Italians, differing in class and age, and holding political opinions of every type.
The film ends on the battlefield, making Italian unification a success, despite brutal losses.
Scholarly and other interpretation.
Gabriella Romani, in an "Italica" article from 2002 (part of the JSTOR arts and sciences complex), writes:
Certainly the film drew upon the Soviet films of Sergei Eisenstein and the Macchiaioli painters, but just as important may be, the "Risorgimento female iconography was produced by nineteenth-century patriotic painters and writers."

</doc>
<doc id="18638396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638396" title="Three Toes of Harding County">
Three Toes of Harding County

Three Toes of Harding County was the nickname given to a solitary North American male wolf who killed livestock at ranches in Harding County, South Dakota over a thirteen-year period in the early 20th century. His hunting range extended into southwestern North Dakota and south eastern Montana.
Three Toes began his depredations in 1912, becoming a fully fledged livestock killer by 1917. He was estimated to have killed $50,000 worth of livestock in his thirteen-year career. He is known to have killed 66 sheep in two nights shortly before his capture. He was pursued by over 150 men, only to be trapped on July 23, 1925, in the Kahoun pasture, near Gallup, South Dakota, by Clyde F. Briggs, the state deputy predatory animal inspector. 
Three Toes was initially planned to be taken to Buffalo alive, though he died prematurely. He was thought to have been 20 years old, and measured 6 feet in length and weighed between 75 and 80 pounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18638424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638424" title="Van Saun County Park">
Van Saun County Park

Van Saun County Park is located in Paramus, New Jersey. The Park is home to the Bergen County Zoological Park. In addition, the park features picnic areas, a baseball field, a softball field, basketball and tennis courts, a soccerfield, a playground, a carousel (added in 2001), and pony rides. The zoo also features a train ride.
History.
The zoo opened in 1960. 
The railroad in Van Saun was first built in 1963 and features three trains: the 388 train, which accompanied the opening, the 389 train, purchased in 1968, and the 520, added to the lineup in 1971. The train models are Iron Horse S-24 24 inch gauge trains by the Allan Herschell Company. The train is open from Tuesdays through Sundays and closed Mondays for maintenance, unless it falls on a holiday, between April and October. During the train ride, riders can view many different attractions in the zoo while going through railroad crossings and a tunnel. 
The carousel was built in 2000, when the park built a new train station, a new entrance, and a discovery center for animals. The carousel features horses and other zoo animals as seats. The carousel is closed Tuesdays for maintenance. The carousel is also available from April to October as well. The carousel has been controversial since almost all the money earned was kept by the contract owner.

</doc>
<doc id="18638433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638433" title="The Wizard in the Woods">
The Wizard in the Woods

The Wizard in the Woods is a 1990 children’s fantasy book by Jean Ure and the first book of The Wizard trilogy.
Plot.
The story begins with the wizard exam of second class jr. wizard Ben Muzzy. Things go awry when he accidentally teleports himself to a mysterious forest. There he meets twins named Gemma and Joel who pledge to help the lost wizard find his way back home.

</doc>
<doc id="18638435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638435" title="Phillip Reed">
Phillip Reed

Phillip Reed (March 25, 1908 - December 7, 1996) was an American actor. He was perhaps best known for his role as Steve Wilson in a series of four films (1947–1948) based on the Big Town radio series. Television appearances include a lead role in the 1955 anthology drama series "Police Call". He also appeared as King Toranshah in the 1965 Elvis Presley musical film "Harum Scarum". Reed died in 1996 and was buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Glendale, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18638460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638460" title="The Call (Kansas City)">
The Call (Kansas City)

Kansas City The Call, or The Call is an African-American newspaper founded in 1919 by Chester A. Franklin. It serves the black community of Kansas City, Missouri and Kansas City, Kansas. Before 1827 when the African American newspaper Freedom’s Journal was published there was no journalistic source for African Americans to refer to for getting a sense of pride in their community and understanding current events in their own lives, and there especially were no means of empowerment for the black community to be found within popular publications owned and operated by whites. Since 1827 the black press has existed, but it proved very difficult to keep these outlets afloat for more than a couple of years due to the target audience (educated free blacks) being too small to financially support the papers as well as not receiving funding to make them successful. In addition, many of these papers were solely aimed towards blacks in the South and largely ignored Northerners. That is why Kansas City’s The Call is so impressive. Founded in 1919 by C.A. Franklin, The Call is still in existence today, celebrating its 84th anniversary, and is known as one of the top six African American weeklies in the nation.
Founder.
Chester Arthur Franklin (1880–1955) founded The Call newspaper in May 1919. It was owned and operated by him until his death on May 7, 1955. Chester Franklin was born on June 7, 1880 as the only child of George F. Franklin, a barber, and Clara Belle Williams Franklin, a teacher. He was born at the time when African Americans were moving out of Texas in search of better educational opportunities for their children. His family later moved to Omaha and eventually to Denver where he worked for his father who owned local newspapers in both cities. Eventually Chester took over Denver’s "The Star" for his father- he printed, edited, and distributed the paper until 1913 when he decided to move to Kansas City. During this time Kansas City had a growing African American presence and he hoped he could start up a paper and have a larger audience within Kansas and Missouri. Upon his arrival, Franklin set up his own printing shop moved around the city a few times until he finally decided he would begin publishing his own paper. With his mother by his side, he launched "The Call" and sold copies for 5 cents with his mother peddling subscriptions door to door. Franklin had to completely teach himself how to use the Linotype machine because white union workers were not allowed to assist blacks. Despite the first couple years being rough, Franklin eventually learned the tricks of the trade and "The Call" became one of the six largest African American weeklies in the country and one of the largest black businesses in the Midwest. “During its first eight years, "The Call" grew steadily from a circulation of about 2,000 in 1919 to 16,737 in 1927, and then remained at that level until the late 1930s”. The newspaper employed (and still employs) many African Americans in the Kansas City community.
Franklin's Vision.
C.A. Franklin’s vision was to have a paper free of sensationalism that empowered and gave a voice to the black community. Franklin was a strong advocate for self-reliance within the community, siding strongly with the philosophies of W.E.B. Dubois. "The Call" includes announcements like graduations and graduates, deaths, memorials, and community events within surrounding areas as Franklin was encouraging of his readers to inform him of any goings-on and they would be published in the paper. This gave the black community a sense of importance as well as participation. There are also plenty of advertisements for black businesses, encouraging people to patronize only places where they are welcome. Local and national news editorials are featured, stories that the white press would either ignore or report on with bias. Police reports and crimes are included, something that briefly caused an uproar among some readers who were sick of reading only negative aspects of the African American community. "The Call" received letters urging these stories to be replaced with more positive ones. Franklin’s response to this was that “the press is to publish, not suppress news…”. There was a strong religious aspect associated within "The Call", something that is still present in current issues. There are features and advertisements for pastors and church events and potlucks, as these serve as an important part of uniting the community and focusing on positive aspects.
Relevance.
For 84 years "The Call" has addressed many civil rights issues plaguing the African American community of Kansas City, the Midwest, and America as a whole. One example of this is Franklin urging blacks to vote. Another example is "The Call"’s protest of the urban development in inner Kansas City designed to keep blacks segregated from the whites, who were beginning to move into suburban developments in the 50’s and 60’s. The paper condemned the building of projects which displaced many and encouraged segregation as well as critiques of the Housing Authority for their policies and the gentrification of black neighborhoods. Another issue was mentioned earlier, one that Lucile Bluford took on personally, and that is the issue of separate but equal in education (especially the case of Lloyd Gaines). Bluford and Gaines were both rejected from furthering their education based on the color of their skin, and both Bluford and Franklin used "The Call" as a platform for defending their cause- including encouraging readers to donate to the NAACP. "The Call" provides empowerment and the avocation of self-reliance to better the success of the African American community.
Alumni.
"The Call" has bragging rights to some famous alumni. One of these is Roy Wilkins, a reporter and managing editor from 1923-1931 who later wrote for "The Crisis" and an administrator to the NAACP, who also was influential in the passage of many acts including the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Fair Housing Act of 1968.
Frank A. (Fay) Young, the pioneering African American sportswriter served as managing editor of "The Call" from 1934-1937.
Another is Lucile Bluford, who was a KU alum as well as a reporter and managing editor for "The Call". She was a staunch opponent of segregation, suing the University of Missouri for discriminating against her. After C.A. Franklin died in 1955, Bluford became part-owner and the head of "The Call" and remained so until her death in 2003.
Offices.
"The Call" has two offices, with the original being in the 18th & Vine District at 1715 East 18th Street in Kansas City, Missouri and the other one being at 2730 North 13th Street in Kansas City, Kansas. New issues are distributed weekly either online or via merchants.

</doc>
<doc id="18638470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638470" title="USS Mahogany (AN-23)">
USS Mahogany (AN-23)

USS "Mahogany" (AN-23/YN-18) was an "Aloe"-class net laying ship which was assigned to serve the U.S. Navy during World War II with her protective anti-submarine nets.
Built at Cleveland, Ohio.
"Mahogany" (YN 18) was laid down 18 October 1940 by the American Shipbuilding Company, Cleveland, Ohio; launched 13 February 1941; and commissioned 22 December 1942, Lt. R. L. Collins in command.
World War II service.
Shortly after commissioning and sea trials, "Mahogany" reported to Argentia, Newfoundland. There she conducted net tending, rescue, and icebreaking operations through 1943. On 20 January 1944 she was redesignated "AN-23". 
Four months later, having received additional armament and equipment, she was assigned to the U.S. Pacific Fleet. She completed passage through the Panama Canal 14 July and continued on to San Diego, California, for further exercises. Arriving Pearl Harbor in August, she soon steamed westward; and, from 14 September into March 1945, she laid and tended torpedo nets, moorings and buoys, and participated in various towing, salvage and demolition operations in the central Pacific Ocean. 
By April, "Mahogany" had moved to the western Pacific Ocean for the invasion of Okinawa. She operated with minecraft during the 82 day campaign, 1 April to 21 July, and then remained in the Okinawa Gunto area until after the end of the war.
Shipwrecked in a typhoon.
On 14 September 1945 "Mahogany". caught in a typhoon, grounded on a reef in Buckner Bay. She was towed to Guam for repairs, but these promised to be so extensive that she was scrapped. After salvageable equipment had been removed, she decommissioned and her hulk was destroyed 19 April 1946 at Guam.
Honors and awards.
"Mahogany" received one battle star for her participation in the Okinawa Gunto operation.

</doc>
<doc id="18638479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638479" title="Nail Within (album)">
Nail Within (album)

Nail Within is the debut album by Israeli melodic death metal band Nail Within, formed by former Betrayer, Azazel and Betzefer members.
The album is heavily influenced by the Swedish melodic death metal, with influences from such bands as At the Gates, Dark Tranquility, In Flames and The Haunted, and old school thrash metal, with influences from bands such as Slayer, Kreator, Sepultura and Testament.
The album also features few known guest vocalists: Tomas Lindberg of At the Gates and Disfear, Mille Petrozza of Kreator, Robert Gonella of Assassin and Ze'ev Tananboim of Salem. Also, the band's drummer on the album is Nir Nakav of Salem.
The album was produced by famed thrash metal producer Harris Johns and Salem singer Ze'ev Tananboim.

</doc>
<doc id="18638534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638534" title="Pittsfield Cubs">
Pittsfield Cubs

The Pittsfield Cubs, located in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, were a minor league baseball team that played in the Eastern League from 1985 to 1988. They played their home games at Wahconah Park and were affiliated with the Chicago Cubs.

</doc>
<doc id="18638543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638543" title="List of waterfalls of Australia">
List of waterfalls of Australia

This is a list of waterfalls in Australia. Wallaman Falls in Queensland are Australia's tallest permanent waterfall with a plunge of nearly 300 metres. Wollomombi Falls in New South Wales are second with a 220 metre combined drop and Ellenborough Falls, also in New South Wales, is third plunging 160 metres as a single drop.

</doc>
<doc id="18638544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638544" title="Holden (surname)">
Holden (surname)

Holden is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18638564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638564" title="Merovingian Music">
Merovingian Music

Merovingian Music also abbreviated as MRV or MRV Music, is a non-genre specific record label based out of Red Bank, New Jersey. The label was founded by industry veteran Jack Ponti (Bon Jovi, Alice Cooper, India.Arie, Boyz II Men) who currently serves as CEO of the company. Shortly after, independent label owners Gregory Edgerton and Kyle Kraszewski (No Milk Records) were appointed co-presidents. MRV has a number of strategic partnerships within the industry. 
Most recently MRV entered a partnership with Jive Records / Battery Records (Sony Music Entertainment) to release the MC and Drummer duo from Atlanta, Big Heed and Alien. In early 2010 Capitol Records, C.E. Music (David Letterman’s Worldwide Pants Inc.) and MRV joined forces to release the new production of the pop-rock band Runner Runner, which includes former members of Rufio, Over It and Don’t Look Down. Merovingian Music recently signed Belgian rock band Black Box Revelation, their album "My Perception" is due out 3 october 2011. Merovingian Music has also released records from several legacy acts ranging from Sebastian Bach (original voice of Skid Row) to Anthony Hamilton (Grammy nominated soul singer) via a distribution deal with EMI.

</doc>
<doc id="18638597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638597" title="Alexander Lychnus">
Alexander Lychnus

Alexander (Gr. ) surnamed Lychnus (), was an ancient Greek rhetorician and poet. He was a native of Ephesus, from which he is sometimes called Alexander Ephesius, and must have lived shortly before the time of Strabo (i.e., the 1st century BC), who mentions him among the more recent Ephesian authors, and also states that he took a part in the political affairs of his native city. Strabo ascribes to him a history, and poems of a didactic kind, viz. one on astronomy and another on geography, in which he describes the great continents of the world, treating of each in a separate work or book, which, as we learn from other sources, bore the name of the continent of which it contained an account. What kind of history it was that Strabo alludes to, is uncertain. The so-called Aurelius Victor quotes the first book of a history of the Marsic War by Alexander the Ephesian; but this authority is considered doubtful.
Some writers have supposed that this Alexander is the author of the history of the succession of Greek philosophers (), which is often referred to by Diogenes Laërtius; but this work belonged probably to Alexander Polyhistor. His geographical poem, of which several fragments are still extant, is frequently referred to by Stephanus of Byzantium and others. Of his astronomical poem a fragment is still extant, which however has also been attributed to Alexander Aetolus, particularly by the scholars Thomas Gale and Johann Gottlob Schneider. It is highly probable that Cicero is speaking of Alexander Lychnus when he mentions an Alexander whom he says is a bad poet, and a careless writer, but whose poems yet possess some factual information.

</doc>
<doc id="18638620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638620" title="David Karp (novelist)">
David Karp (novelist)

David Karp (May 5, 1922—September 11, 1999) was a U.S. novelist and television writer. He also used the pseudonyms Wallace Ware and Adam Singer.
Born in Manhattan, Karp worked for his living from an early age. His employment included selling shirts from an outdoor stand, theatre-ushering, leading a recreation group, and dish-washing. In 1942 he enlisted in the United States Army and served in the Signal Corps in the Philippines and in Japan.
He left the Army in 1946 and continued his interrupted education, graduating from the City College of New York in 1948. He started his media career as a continuity writer for a New York radio station and published his first novel in 1952. When writing for television he often tackled controversial topics.
He was married to Lillian Klass Karp from 1944 until her death in 1987, after which he married Claire Leighton Karp. He had two sons, Ethan Ross Karp and Andrew Gabriel Karp, both of Los Angeles. David Karp died of emphysema in Pittsfield, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18638636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638636" title="Edward T. Welburn">
Edward T. Welburn

Edward T. Welburn(born December 14, 1950) is General Motors' current Vice President of Global Design and an automobile designerTo date, he holds the highest-ranking position as an African American in the automotive industry. He has overseen the development of recent GM products, such as the 2010 Buick LaCrosse, 2010 Chevrolet Camaro, Chevrolet Malibu, Cadillac CTS, and Buick Enclave.
Recent concepts overseen by Welburn include the Cadillac Converj, Cadillac CTS Coupe, Chevrolet Camaro Coupe, Chevrolet Camaro Convertible, and the Buick Invicta Concept.
A native of Philadelphia, Welburn was born on December 14, 1950. He received a bachelor's degree in 1972 from the College of Fine Arts at Howard University in Washington, D.C., where he studied sculpture and product design.
He holds the same position at General Motors that Harley Earl and Bill Mitchell once held.

</doc>
<doc id="18638649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638649" title="9 cm Minenwerfer M 14">
9 cm Minenwerfer M 14

The 9 cm Minenwerfer M 14 (Trench mortar) was a light mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. It was designed by the Army's own "Technisches und Administratives Militär-Komitee" (TMK) in an effort to quickly satisfy the demand from the front for a light mortar. It had a number of issues with its ammunition, namely the black powder used as a propellant gave off copious smoke clouds on firing that revealed the tube's location and the mortar bomb fuzes had a high rate of failure. The breech-loading mortar tube was mounted on a framework that didn't allow for any traverse, which meant that it was impossible to engage different targets without relaying the mortar. In turn the frame was mounted a rectangular firing platform.
The M 14/16 had a circular platform to provide traverse and weighed only . A later model allowed the mounting to be collapsed for ease of transport. A new M 16 mortar bomb that used the German Poppenberg fuze system generally cured the dud problem, but it still used black powder as its propellant. This was a severe tactical disadvantage and it was decided to purchase replacement mortars from the German firm of Heinrich Lanz from 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18638660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638660" title="List of beer styles">
List of beer styles

Beer style is a term used to differentiate and categorize beers by various factors including appearance, flavour, ingredients, production method, history, or origin. The term "beer style" and the structuring of world beers into defined categories is largely based on the work done by writer Michael Jackson in his 1977 book "The World Guide To Beer". Fred Eckhardt furthered Jackson's work publishing "The Essentials of Beer Style" in 1989.
There is no universally agreed list of beer styles as different countries and organisations have different sets of criteria. Organisers of beer competitions such as CAMRA's Champion Beer of Britain, the Beer Judge Certification Program's local homebrewing competitions, the Brewers Association's World Beer Cup, and the Brewing Industry International Awards have categories in which beers are judged. The categories are varied and include: "Cask Conditioned Ale", Gluten Free Beer and Spice, Herb, or Vegetable Beer.
A number of ethnic beers, such as Chhaang and Cauim are not included on any of the main beer style groupings.
Some beer terms such as ale, lager, cask ale cover a wide variety of beer styles.

</doc>
<doc id="18638670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638670" title="Amy Farrington">
Amy Farrington

Amy Farrington is an American actress and model that is best known for her role as Stacey Devers on "The Michael Richards Show". She was born in Boston, Massachusetts but raised in Garland, a suburb of Dallas, Texas. After attending a musical theatre conservatory program, she worked in local and regional theatres before moving to Chicago. In Chicago, she performed at several theaters including the Bailwick Repertory, The Court Theatre and the Steppenwolf Theatre. Twenty plays later, she moved to Los Angeles. Her first job was as a series regular in a pilot for NBC, followed by the series, "The Michael Richards Show" (2000), for the same network. She then went on to star in pilots for several networks and guest-starred and recurred on numerous sitcoms including "Will & Grace" (1998), "Just Shoot Me!" (1997), "Malcolm in the Middle" (2000), "Two and a Half Men" (2003), "The King of Queens" (1998) and "The New Adventures of Old Christine" (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="18638679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638679" title="William Spaulding (Washington, D.C.)">
William Spaulding (Washington, D.C.)

William Ridley Spaulding (born June 15, 1924) is an American local legislator during the 1970s and 1980s who, running as a Democrat, was elected one of the original members of the Council of the District of Columbia in the aftermath of Washington, D.C. gaining home rule in 1973.
A native of Washington, D.C., William Spaulding attended the city's Howard University, a private, historically black educational institution, from which he graduated in 1947 with a B.S. in mechanical engineering. He worked as a teacher in D.C. public schools from 1947 to 1952 and was on the faculty of his alma mater, Howard, from 1950 to 1960, while also serving as an engineer at the National Security Agency from 1952 to 1974. In 1955, while teaching at Howard, he married Dolores Hinton, a music education major at the university, and they became the parents of three daughters, Deirdre, Michele and Angelyn.
Following the congressional passage of District of Columbia home rule, he left his position with the NSA and campaigned for a seat on the D.C. Council, taking office in 1975. In 1978, while serving on the Council, he embarked upon additional duties as producer of the area's best-known local talent show, "Metro Talent Search" and, in 1980, accepted the position of instructor at University of the District of Columbia, another historically black institution of higher learning. He has also served as chair of the Fort Lincoln Foundation and board member of the Kidney Foundation and the American Heart Association. Having represented Ward 5 on the council from 1975 to 1987,
he was defeated by Harry Thomas, Sr. in the 1986 Democratic primary, but continued his government career in the position of director of Department of Administrative Services for the District of Columbia Court System. In February 2005, on the occasion of their fiftieth wedding anniversary, William Spaulding and Dolores Hinton Spaulding were honored by the D.C. Council for their many years of public service.

</doc>
<doc id="18638684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638684" title="Copa Eva Duarte">
Copa Eva Duarte

The Copa Eva Duarte was a Spanish football tournament organized by the Royal Spanish Football Federation (RFEF) and contested by the winners of La Liga and the Copa del Rey. In 1940, it had the name of "Copa de Campeones", and was not played again until 1945, when the ambassador of Argentina, due to the good relations with the military government, offered a trophy called "Copa de Oro Argentina". Both these tournaments were unofficial.
In 1947 the "Copa Eva Duarte de Perón" was established as an annual and official tournament founded and organized by the RFEF, as a tribute to Argentine president Juan Perón and his wife, the popular Eva Perón. It was played between September and December, usually as one-match finals. The trophy was the predecessor of the current Supercopa de España.

</doc>
<doc id="18638711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638711" title="Val Daly">
Val Daly

Val Daly is a former inter-county footballer for Galway
Originally from Mountbellew, Daly made his debut with the county side in the 1981 National League and played up until the 1997 Championship season when he was player manager.
An All-Star in 1987 and 1990, Daly won five Connacht Senior Championships. As well as managing the Galway football team between 1996 and 1997, he was also appointed temporary manager of the Roscommon football team in 2005, after the resignation of Tommy Carr from the post.

</doc>
<doc id="18638715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638715" title="Megaderma">
Megaderma

Megaderma is a genus of bat in the Megadermatidae family. 
It contains the following two species:
"Megaderma lyra" has a larger wingspan than "Megaderma spasma". Members of this genus are found in Southeast Asia, India and Sri Lanka The ranges of the two species overlap in the Malayan Peninsula, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, Myanmar and along the east coast of India. 

</doc>
<doc id="18638745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638745" title="Letart, West Virginia">
Letart, West Virginia

Letart is an unincorporated community in Mason County, West Virginia, USA. It is located on the Ohio River.
Letart is part of the Point Pleasant, WV–OH Micropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="18638747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638747" title="Shoichi Hirose">
Shoichi Hirose


</doc>
<doc id="18638809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638809" title="Degenerate semiconductor">
Degenerate semiconductor

A degenerate semiconductor is a semiconductor with such a high level of doping that the material starts to act more like a metal than as a semiconductor.
At moderate doping levels the dopant atoms create individual doping levels that can often be considered as localized states that can donate electrons or holes by thermal promotion (or an optical transition) to the conduction or valence bands respectively. At high enough impurity concentrations the individual impurity atoms may become close enough neighbors that their doping levels merge into an impurity band and the behavior of such a system ceases to show the typical traits of a semiconductor, e.g. its increase in conductivity with temperature. On the other hand a degenerate semiconductor still has far fewer charge carriers than a true metal so that its behavior is in many ways intermediary between semiconductor and metal.
Many copper chalcogenides are degenerate p-type semiconductors with relatively large numbers of holes in their valence band. An example is the system LaCuOS1-xSex with Mg doping. It is a wide gap p-type degenerate semiconductor. The hole concentration does not change with temperature, a typical trait of degenerate semiconductors.
Another well known example is indium tin oxide. Because its plasmon frequency is in the IR-range it is fairly good metallic conductor, but transparent in the visible range of the spectrum. 

</doc>
<doc id="18638810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638810" title="Niddrie Mains">
Niddrie Mains

Niddrie Mains is an area of east Edinburgh, north of Niddrie Mains Road. The Mains refers to the farm of Niddrie which occupied the land on which the social housing estate for southeast Edinburgh was built in the 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="18638818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638818" title="Jarosław Białek">
Jarosław Białek

Career.
Club.
In 2008 he moved to St. Patrick's Athletic F.C. of the League of Ireland Premier Division. He previously had played for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
In February 2011, he joined Olimpia Grudziądz on half year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="18638830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638830" title="Spindrift (disambiguation)">
Spindrift (disambiguation)

Spindrift is a weather effect.
Spindrift may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18638853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638853" title="9 cm Minenwerfer M 17">
9 cm Minenwerfer M 17

The 9 cm Minenwerfer M 17 (Trench mortar) was a medium mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. It was developed by the Hungarian Gun Factory to meet a competition held on 3 October 1917 to replace both of the earlier light mortars, the M 14/16 and the Lanz. Production was slow to ramp up and only ten weapons could be delivered in January 1918. The first large deliveries were made in March 1918, but the raw materials crisis and strained production facilities hindered the TMK's plan to produce 2730 mortars by October 1918.
It was a breech-loading smooth-bore weapon that used a shotgun-like break-action to open the breech. This was arranged so that the barrel returned to the proper elevation to speed up the rate of fire. The carriage was mounted on a small metal rectangular firing platform with four carrying handles that permitted some amount of traverse.

</doc>
<doc id="18638887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638887" title="Brian McGuire (actor)">
Brian McGuire (actor)

Brian McGuire (born March 4, 1975) is an American actor/writer/musician/DJ/producer, most notable for the indie comedy/romance directed by Alex Holdridge, "In Search of a Midnight Kiss", a black-and-white movie that mixes the sensibilities of films like "Clerks", "Swingers", and "Before Sunset". McGuire worked as a painter and a book binder in Austin, Texas until he found acting. McGuire booked over fifty roles between 1995 and 1999 in such films as "Jesus Of Judson" written by Bryan Poyser and directed by Jacob Vaughn in 1996. He also starred in Greg Gilpatrick's "Appetite for Construction" in 1999 winning The Best Actor Award at The Cinema Texas Film Festival. "Appetite For Construction" went on to air on The Sundance Channel for 2 years.
In March 1999, McGuire moved to Los Angeles and became a professional DJ in the underground electro scene until 2003 when he went back to Austin, Texas to play the part of "Robert" in Alex Holdridge's 2nd feature "Sexless", the only film to have won both the jury and audience award at the South by Southwest Film Festival.
After the success of "Sexless" McGuire turned his focus back to acting and writing and producing his own works.
In 2005 Brian started the electronic record label Lefthouse Recordings signing artists Public Access (artist) & T-Polar. In 2006 McGuire started the band Gene Wilder and booked a 2 year residency at "The Cat Club" on the sunset strip.

</doc>
<doc id="18638897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638897" title="Kock's mouse-eared bat">
Kock's mouse-eared bat

Kock's mouse-eared bat ("Myotis dieteri") is a species of mouse-eared bat found in the Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="18638901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638901" title="Nadine Winter">
Nadine Winter

Nadine P. Winter (March 3, 1924 – August 26, 2011) was a Democratic politician in Washington, D.C. She was elected as one of the original members of the Council of the District of Columbia in 1974 when D.C. gained home rule. She represented Ward 6 on the council from 1975 to 1991.
Winter was born in New Bern, North Carolina in 1924. Beginning at an early age, she was a community activist and helped to found Winston-Salem's first girl scout troop for black girls.
After graduating from Atkins High School in Winston-Salem, she attended the Hampton Institute where she received a Bachelor of Arts Degree after transferring to Brooklyn College. During this time, she lived in a multi-ethnic community in Brooklyn, where she founded a store-front community service agency and worked nights to complete her education.
After moving to Washington, D.C. in 1947, Winter graduated from Cortez Peters Business School and later received a Master of Arts degree from Federal City College (now the University of the District of Columbia). Soon, Winter began to fulfill a social action and social services role in the city. She was the founder and previous Executive Director of Hospitality House, Inc., which served numerous underprivileged citizens in the District by providing day care for youth and seniors, as well as a temporary homeless shelter. In addition, she also served as an original organizer of the National Welfare Rights Organization.
Winter was also a presidential elector in the 1996 and 2000 presidential elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18638904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638904" title="Steve Stroughter">
Steve Stroughter

Stephen Lewis Stroughter (born March 15, 1952 in Visalia, California) is a former major league baseball designated hitter/left fielder who played for the Seattle Mariners in . He attended College of the Sequoias.
Stroughter was originally drafted by the California Angels in the 15th round of the 1970 amateur draft, but he chose not to sign. He was drafted in the 1971 secondary phase amateur draft by the Chicago Cubs, but he again did not sign. He was the sixth overall pick in the 1971 secondary phase (active) amateur draft (drafted by the San Francisco Giants), and he chose to sign. On October 24, 1975, he was purchased by the Angels from the Giants. On April 5, 1979, he was released by the Angels and on June 5, 1979, he was signed by the Mariners. On December 19, 1980, he was traded to the Twins for Mike Bacsik. On May 28, 1981, he was purchased by the Mariners.
Stroughter spent over a decade in the minors before making his big league debut on April 7, at the age of 30. Pinch-hitting for Jim Essian, Stroughter grounded out in his first big league at-bat, which was against Doug Corbett of the Minnesota Twins.
A solid minor league player who hit for average and some power, Stroughter hit only .170 in 26 big league games (47 at-bats). Perhaps the best game of his career occurred on May 4. He went 2–4 with a home run off of Dennis Martínez.
He played his final big league game on July 24, 1982. Following his big league career, he returned to the minors and even played baseball in Japan, appearing in 28 games for the Hanshin Tigers in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18638909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638909" title="James McRae">
James McRae

James McRae (born 27 June 1987) is an Australian world-champion and Olympic medal winning rower. 
McRae grew up in Murray Bridge South Australia where he rowed for the Murray Bridge Rowing Club. McRae is a South Australian Sports Institute (SASI) Scholarship holder and was coached by Adrian David now former SASI head rowing coach and ex Romanian international oarsman.
McRae competed at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games in the men's quad scull. McRae began his international career by competing with Matt Bolt in the double scull at the 2005 Junior World Rowing Championships. McRae's siblings Jessica and Anna are Australian rowers who have held various SASI scholarships and Australian titles. Anna McRae has also competed internationally for Australia.
In McRae's first competition at the Beijing Olympics, the Australian quad scull broke the world record to win their heat. McRae competed with Daniel Noonan, Brendan Long and Chris Morgan. McRae and his crew subsequently finished second in the semi-final thus securing a place in the Olympic finals.
At the finals of the men's quad sculls the Australian crew including McRae was unable to capitalise on their earlier world record form and finished 4th.
In October 2009 McRae was awarded life membership of the Murray Bridge Rowing Club for being the club's most successful rower and the club's Olympian since the Murray Cods in 1924. He undertook a number of public speaking and promotional events after the Beijing games. In April 2010 McRae took part in an 'Active April' event involving Australian Broadcasting Corporation radio personalities Tony McCarthy and John Kenneally.
McRae continued rowing at the highest level winning a bronze in the men's quad scull at the 2010 World Rowing Championships In 2011 he won the interstate men's single scull (the President's Cup) and open men's quad scull at the Australian Rowing Championships.
At the 2011 World Rowing Championships in an upset, McRae rowing in the Australian heavyweight men's quad defeated the German crew to win gold. Due to a costly mistake in the German boat the Australian crew took the lead in the last few metres of the race.
At the 2012 London Olympics, McRae won bronze in the men's quad in a time of 5:45.22.

</doc>
<doc id="18638911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638911" title="Height (musician)">
Height (musician)

Height is the stage name of Dan Keech (born 1981), a rapper from Baltimore. He is most associated with two albums released under the name Height With Friends, Baltimore Highlands and Bed of Seeds. Before forming Height With Friends, Height released three solo albums and six EPs between 2000 and 2009.
History.
Wounds.
Height began rapping in the Baltimore-based Wounds, a five man group with Jones, Mickey Free, Shields and Chris Freeland. After releasing two cassette-only EP's, Wounds released one self-titled full length album in December 1999. They did a two-week tour in June 2000. Wounds continued occasionally playing shows around the east coast until 2001, when they disbanded as a live act.
Self-Titled Solo Debut and Tour.
In August 2000, Height joined the indie hip-hop group Dogg and Pony, for their tour with San Francisco punk band The Deepthroats. Height wrote part of his first solo album during the tour, and the members of Dogg and Pony offered to put out the album on Dogg Pony Records. Shortly after the tour, Height did his first solo show, opening for Animal Collective at The Cooler in Brooklyn.
The first Height album was recorded in September 2000. Production was handled by all members of the Wounds crew, with vocal assistance by Grand Buffet, The Plural MC and MC Dogg. The album was supported by a six-week tour with Grand Buffet in November and December 2000. Due to internal strife at the label, the album ended up not coming out in time for the tour. Height did another midwestern tour with Jones in August 2001.
After that tour, Height went on a hiatus from solo shows. He occasionally performed as a hype man for Cex, but he didn't play his own material again for over a year. In October 2002, Height was featured on three tracks from Cex's Tall, Dark and Handcuffed, on Tigerbeat6 Records. This was the first nationally distributed record of which Height was a part.
I Have A Gun/Bow and Height.
In July 2003, Height released his second album, I Have A Gun. The production was handled almost entirely by Shields, with recording and mixing by Zach Poff. Height did one solo tour to promote the album.
Shortly after, Height joined Mickey Free (a.k.a. Bow n' Arrow) to form Bow and Height. They became a duo, performing each other's solo songs, as well as some new collaborations. They did five tours throughout 2004, touring the US and Canada with Dan Deacon, Lost It, Grand Buffet and Oxes.
In December 2004, Bow and Height disbanded. Height returned to performing as a solo act, starting with a northeastern tour with Dan Deacon.
Solo Touring.
In February 2005, Height set out on a 50 day tour with Dan Deacon. Halfway through the trip, Height's car was totaled in Fresno, California. He flew back to Baltimore, while Dan Deacon completed part of the tour by Greyhound bus. They met up again in Pittsburgh, where they completed the last ten days of the tour together, along with Mickey Free.
In the fall of that year, Jones became an occasional part of Height's live set, DJing and adding effects to Height's vocals. Jones would join on for two out of the five Height tours that occurred throughout 2005-2006.
Round Robin Tours.
In October 2006, Height toured as part of the Wham City Round Robin Tour, once again with Jones as DJ.
In 2008, toured again as part of The Baltimore Round Robin tour, this time with Jones and King Rhythm as his band mates.
Since 2006, Height has been putting together an annual event called the All Rap Round Robin, in Baltimore.
Utility Fog.
In Fall 2006, Height released a short-run EP of rarities, called Utility Fog. He would go on to release four EP's in the Utility Fog series, releasing the final EP of the series in 2009.
Winterize The Game.
In February 2007, Height released the full length album, Winterize The Game, on Grand Man Records. This was the first Height album to be recorded and mixed entirely by Mickey Free.
During this time, Jones had become a full-time part of the live show. He joined Height for three coast-to-coast US tours, a Canadian tour, two east coast tours, and many regional other local /regional shows. For two of those tours, King Rhythm was also part of the show, triggering samples live and doing back-up vocals.
Performing with Grand Buffet.
In March 2007, Height accompanied Grand Buffet for their week of shows opening for Of Montreal. Only meant as a road trip, the trip resulted in Height becoming a part of the Grand Buffet's set, performing the Grand Buffet/Height collaborations, "Bad Weather" and "These Dreams are Fucked." Throughout 2007 and 2008, Height would regularly perform as part of Grand Buffet's show, for their tours with Of Montreal, MGMT and Streetlght Manifesto.
Height With Friends.
In December 2008, Height began performing with Mickey Free, Emily Slaughter and Travis Allen. They began billing themselves as Height With Friends. The name change was intended to help present the project as an official band, without distancing themselves from the earlier Height material. The name change was also meant to acknowledge a new, more collaborative production style.
Although they continued to perform some older Height songs, their new songs were specifically created to be performed live, by multiple vocalists. The line-up would change frequently. In addition to the original cast, they would also be joined by Gavin Riley, Brendan Richmond, Liz Aeby, Cathy Cathodic, Bob O'Brien and Plucky Walker of Flesh Epic.
Baltimore Highlands.
Baltimore Highlands, the first record under the name Height With Friends, was released on Wham City Records in January 2009. The album was created by a more collaborative approach, with multiple producers working together on most tracks. In an interview about the album with Butterteam.com, Jones described the album's production as being like a "chain letter," with each producer adding an element and passing it on to someone else.
In May 2009, the album was supported by the Wham City Records Is Real Tour, with Ed Schrader. They went on three other tours supporting the album that year, with Nuclear Power Pants, Thank You, Future Islands and Lord Grunge as tour mates.
This album was followed by the release of the Baltimore Highlands Remix Album, which was released in October 2009. It contained remixes by Tobacco, San Serac, Lesser Gonzalez, Drew Swinburne, Cex, Ms. Paintbursh, PT Burnem, King Rhythm, Jones, AK, LOWD, DJ Authentic, Gavin Riley and Al Lover.
Bed of Seeds.
Bed of Seeds was written, recorded and mixed between Fall 2009 and Spring 2010. Much of the recording took place during a ten-day session in a makeshift studio in a cabin in Deep Creek Lake, Maryland. The album's production was financed by Normative Records. The label folded as the album was being mixed, but the record was picked up by Friends Records and released in May 2010.
This is the first Height With Friends project largely created with live instruments. The majority of the album's songs stray from the beats and rhymes format, employing chord structures and production styles from other forms of music. The rhyme schemes themselves sometimes resemble folk or pop verses, more than they do standard sixteen bar rap verses.
The album was initially promoted with a two-month tour in April and May 2010. The April portion of the tour was with Nuclear Power Pants. Due to problems at the pressing plant, the vinyl was not available until the tail end of the tour. They continued promoting the album with two more short tours in 2010, then a 51 day tour in February 2011. For their last tour in support of Bed Of Seeds, Height With Friends joined PT Burnem for The Rap Ambassadors Tour. The tour went to Russia, Ukraine, Romania, Hungary, Poland, Croatia and France.
Shark Tank.
Shark Tank is a side project that pairs Height with Lord Grunge, Mickey Free and Brendan Richmond.
In February 2011, Shark Tank released their debut self-titled album. They did a small run of east coast shows to support the release.
Videos.
Height With Friends has four videos, and Height has one video of this solo material. The video for their song "Mike Stone," was directed by Justin Barnes and produced by Team G. It was nominated for an award for Best Music Video at the 2010 SXSW Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18638919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638919" title="Lenado, Colorado">
Lenado, Colorado

Lenado, Colorado is a ghost town outside of Woody Creek, Colorado along Woody Creek Road. Its main period of activity was in the late 19th century, due to the local lead and zinc deposits, during which time it was home to ca. 300 people. Following a slump in lead prices, the town became abandoned soon later, notwithstanding a brief surge in activity after 1917 due to a zinc shortage brought on by the First World War.
In the mid-1960s and early 1970s Lenado was resurrected into a logging community and lumber mill which was home to ca 100 people working and living there for 15 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18638924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638924" title="RYZ">
RYZ

RYZ is a footwear company based in Portland, Oregon. RYZ launched in June 2008. The company was founded by Rob Langstaff, former president of Adidas America, and other former mainstream footwear company employees. Originally founded under a pure crowdsourcing model, RYZ is currently focused on a unique line of men's footwear that is both casual and dress, while incorporating design elements that are true to its heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="18638927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638927" title="Derek Nally">
Derek Nally

Derek Nally (born 4 December 1936) was an unsuccessful candidate in the 1997 Irish presidential election, the only male to stand in that election. A retired Garda and victims' rights campaigner, he received the nominations of five county councils. He received 59,529 votes (4.7%) – the lowest of the five candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="18638934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638934" title="John Powell">
John Powell

John Powell (born 18 September 1963) is an English composer and conductor, best known for his scores to motion pictures. After studying at London's Trinity College of Music, Powell rose to fame in the late 1990s and 2000s, scoring numerous animated films, in addition to his live-action collaborations with directors Doug Liman and Paul Greengrass. He has been based in Los Angeles since 1997 and has composed the scores to over fifty feature films. His 2010 score for the film "How to Train Your Dragon" earned him his first Academy Award nomination at the 83rd Academy Awards. He was a member of Hans Zimmer's music studio, Remote Control Productions, and collaborated frequently with other composers from the studio, including Harry Gregson-Williams and Zimmer himself.
Early life and education.
Powell was born in London, United Kingdom. He originally trained as a violinist as a child, before studying at London's Trinity College of Music. He later ventured into jazz and rock music, playing in a soul band the Faboulistics. On leaving college, he composed music for commercials, which led to a job as an assistant to the composer Patrick Doyle on several film productions, including "Much Ado About Nothing".
Career.
In 1995, Powell co-founded the London-based commercial music house Independently Thinking Music, which produced scores for more than 100 British and French commercials and independent films.
Powell's first film score was for the 1990 film "Stay Lucky". He moved to Los Angeles in 1997, and scored his first major film, "Face/Off". This was followed by "Antz" in 1998, the first film produced by DreamWorks Animation which he co-scored with fellow British composer Harry Gregson-Williams. Two years later the two collaborated again to compose the score to "Chicken Run", and again the following year on "Shrek", which won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature. All subsequent Shrek films however, have been scored solely by Gregson-Williams. During 2001 he also scored "Evolution", "I Am Sam", "Just Visiting", and "Rat Race".
In 2002 Powell was hired to score "The Bourne Identity", after Carter Burwell left the project, and has gone on to score all of director Doug Liman's subsequent films. He also returned to score the other two films in the series; "The Bourne Supremacy" and "The Bourne Ultimatum", which were both directed by British director Paul Greengrass.
Following the Bourne films, Powell collaborated with Liman again to score the 2005 film "Mr. & Mrs. Smith". That year, he also scored "Robots".
In 2006, he scored Greengrass' "United 93". He also composed music for ', following David Newman, who scored the first "Ice Age" film, as well as ', and "Happy Feet", for which he won a Film & TV Music Award for Best Score for an Animated Feature Film. The following year he scored "The Bourne Ultimatum". In 2008 he collaborated with composer Hans Zimmer to score "Kung Fu Panda", and also wrote music that year for "Jumper", "Hancock", and "Bolt". In 2009 he scored the third film of "Ice Age" series; "".
In 2010, Powell composed the score to "How to Train Your Dragon". This was his sixth score for a DreamWorks Animation film, although the first where he composed the whole score himself. It also became his first work to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score. That year, he has also scored Greengrass's "Green Zone", and "Knight and Day".

</doc>
<doc id="18638936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638936" title="Lake Harriet">
Lake Harriet

Lake Harriet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18638946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638946" title="List of parties to the Biological Weapons Convention">
List of parties to the Biological Weapons Convention

The list of parties to the Biological Weapons Convention encompasses the states who have signed and ratified or acceded to the international agreement outlawing biological weapons.
On 10 April 1972, the Biological Weapons Convention (BWC), also known as the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention (BTWC) was opened for signature. The Netherlands became the first state to deposit the treaty that same day. The treaty came into force and closed for signature on 26 March 1975 with the deposit of ratification by 22 states. Since then, states that did not sign the treaty can now only accede to it.
A total of 196 states may become members of the Biological Weapons Convention, including all 193 United Nations member states, the Cook Islands, the Holy See, and Niue. To date, 170 states have ratified or acceded to the treaty, most recently Malawi on 2 April 2013. As well, the Republic of China (Taiwan), which is currently only recognized by , deposited their instruments of ratification of the BWC with the United States government prior to the US's decision to switch their recognition of the sole legitimate government of China from the Republic of China (ROC) to the People's Republic of China (PRC).
Several countries have declared reservations, in that their agreement to the treaty should not imply their complete satisfaction that the treaty allows the stockpiling of biological agents and toxins for "prophylactic, protective or other peaceful purposes", nor should the treaty imply recognition of other countries they do not recognise.
Ratified or acceded states.
Multiple dates indicate the different days in which states submitted their signature or deposition, varied by location. This location is noted by: (L) for London, (M) for Moscow, and (W) for Washington D.C.
Unrecognized state, abiding by treaty.
The Republic of China (Taiwan), which is currently only recognized by , deposited their instruments of ratification of the BWC with the United States government prior to the US's decision to switch their recognition of the sole legitimate government of China from the Republic of China (ROC) to the People's Republic of China (PRC) in 1971. When the PRC subsequently ratified the treaty, they described the ROC's ratification as "illegal". The ROC has committed itself to continue to adhere to the requirements of the treaty, and the United States has declared that they still consider them to be "bound by its obligations".
Succession of colonies to the BWC.
The status of several former dependent territories of a state party to the BWC, who's administrating power ratified the Convention on their behalf, with regards to the Convention following their independence is currently unclear. According to the Vienna Convention on Succession of States in respect of Treaties, "newly independent states" (a euphemism for former colonies) receive a "clean slate", such that the new state does not inherit the treaty obligations of the colonial power, but that they may join multilateral treaties to which their former colonizers were a party without the consent of the other parties in most circumstances. Conversely, in "cases of separation of parts of a state" (a euphemism for all other new states), the new state remains bound by the treaty obligations of the state from which they separated. To date, this Convention has only been ratified by 22 states.
The United Kingdom attached a territorial declaration to their instrument of ratification of the BWC in 1975 stating in part that it applied to:
This declaration bound the territories of Dominica, Kiribati, Tuvalu and Vanuatu to the terms of the Convention.ref name=BWPP/> Following their independence, none of these states have made unambiguous declarations of succession to the BWC.
Dominica.
After becoming independent in 1978, the Prime Minister of Dominica sent a note to the Secretary-General of the United Nations (UNSG) stating that:
Since then, the UK Treaty Office (as depositary) has not received an instrument of accession from Dominica, and the Government of Dominica does not consider itself bound by the Convention. However, Dominica is listed as a state party to the BWC in documents from the Meetings of the States Parties to the BWC.
Kiribati.
In 1979, Kiribati gained their independence and subsequently the President of Kiribati sent a note to the UNSG stating that:
Since then, none of the depositaries for the BWC have received an instrument of accession or succession to the Convention from Kiribati. However, the Government of Kiribati has made statements suggesting that it does not consider itself a party to the treaty.
Tuvalu.
Following independence in 1978, the Prime Minister of Tuvalu sent a note to the UNSC stating that:
Since then, none of the depositaries for the BWC have received an instrument of accession or succession to the Convention from Tuvalu. However, the Government of Tuvalu has made statements suggesting that it does not consider itself a party to the treaty.
Vanuatu.
In 1980, the territory gained their independence. Vanuatu is listed as a state party to the BWC in documents from the Meetings of the States Parties to the BWC, however the UK depositary has not received an instrument of succession to the BWC from Vanuatu. As well, the Government of Vanuatu has made statements suggesting that it does not consider itself a party to the treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="18638959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638959" title="West Cornwall Covered Bridge">
West Cornwall Covered Bridge

The West Cornwall Covered Bridge (also known as Hart Bridge) is a wooden lattice truss bridge built over the Housatonic River in the town of Cornwall, Connecticut. It is estimated to have been built around 1864.
Details.
The covered bridge is long, wide and supports one lane of vehicle traffic for the Sharon-Goshen Turnpike (Connecticut Route 128). The bridge is built of red spruce timbers secured with treenails (wooden pegs). In 1973 the roadway was reinforced with the addition of a concealed steel deck.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. Extensive repair was done to the floor of the bridge during the mid-1940s when a tanker truck carrying tar plunged through the flooring.
The bridge appeared in the opening scenes of the movie, "Valley of the Dolls" a 1967 American drama film based on the 1966 novel of the same name by Jacqueline Susann.

</doc>
<doc id="18638961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638961" title="Pieter Verhoeff">
Pieter Verhoeff

Pieter Verhoeff (born 4 February 1938 in Lemmer) is a Dutch film director. He studied at the Netherlands Film and Television Academy and graduated in 1966. He is known for his films "The Mark of the Beast", "The Dream" and "The Moving True Story of a Woman Ahead of Her Time". All three stories take place in his native Friesland. He won two Golden Calf's in his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18638967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638967" title="Targonie Wielkie">
Targonie Wielkie

Targonie Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zawady and west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18638969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638969" title="Targonie-Krytuły">
Targonie-Krytuły

Targonie-Krytuły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18638970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638970" title="Scuttling of the German fleet in Scapa Flow">
Scuttling of the German fleet in Scapa Flow

The scuttling of the German fleet took place at the Royal Navy's base at Scapa Flow, in Scotland, after the end of the First World War. The High Seas Fleet was interned there under the terms of the Armistice whilst negotiations took place over the fate of the ships. Fearing that all of the ships would be seized and divided amongst the allied powers, the German commander, Admiral Ludwig von Reuter, decided to scuttle the fleet.
The scuttling was carried out on 21 June 1919. Intervening British guard ships were able to beach a number of the ships, but 52 of the 74 interned vessels sank. Many of the wrecks were salvaged over the next two decades and were towed away for scrapping. Those that remain are popular diving sites.
Background.
The signing of the Armistice on 11 November 1918, at Compiègne, France, effectively ended the First World War. The Allied powers agreed that Germany's U-boat fleet should be surrendered without the possibility of return, but were unable to agree upon a course of action regarding the German surface fleet. The Americans suggested that the ships be interned in a neutral port until a final decision was reached, but the two countries that were approached – Norway and Spain – both refused. Admiral Rosslyn Wemyss suggested that the fleet be interned at Scapa Flow with a skeleton crew of German sailors, and guarded in the interim by the Grand Fleet.
The terms were transmitted to Germany on 12 November 1918, instructing them to make the High Seas Fleet ready to sail by 18 November, or the Allies would occupy Heligoland. 
On the night of 15 November, Rear-Admiral Hugo Meurer, the representative of Admiral Franz von Hipper, met Admiral David Beatty aboard Beatty's flagship, . Beatty presented Meurer with the terms, which were expanded at a second meeting the following day. The U-boats were to surrender to Rear-Admiral Reginald Tyrwhitt at Harwich, under the supervision of the Harwich Force. The surface fleet was to sail to the Firth of Forth and surrender to Beatty. They would then be led to Scapa Flow and interned, pending the outcome of the peace negotiations. Meurer asked for an extension to the deadline, aware that the sailors were still in a mutinous mood (which earlier led to the Wilhelmshaven mutiny), and that the officers might have difficulty in getting them to obey orders. Meurer eventually signed the terms after midnight.
Surrender of the fleet.
The first craft to be surrendered were the U-boats, which began to arrive at Harwich on 20 November 1918; 176 were eventually handed over. Hipper refused to lead his fleet to the surrender, delegating the task to Rear-Admiral Ludwig von Reuter. The German fleet was met by the light cruiser on the morning of 21 November, and led to the rendezvous with over 370 ships of the Grand Fleet and other allied navies. There were 70 German ships in total; the battleship and the light cruiser had engine trouble and had to be left behind. The destroyer struck a mine while crossing, and sank.
The German ships were escorted into the Firth of Forth, where they anchored. Beatty signalled them:
The German flag will be hauled down at sunset today and will not be hoisted again without permission. 
The fleet was then moved between 25 and 27 November to Scapa Flow; the destroyers to Gutter Sound and the battleships and cruisers to the north and west of the island of Cava. Eventually a total of 74 ships were interned there, the "König" and "Dresden" having arrived on 6 December accompanied by the destroyer , which replaced the sunken "V30". The last ship to arrive was the battleship on 9 January 1919. Initially the interned ships were guarded by the Battle Cruiser Force (later reduced to the Battle Cruiser Squadron), commanded in succession by Vice-Admiral Pakenham, Rear-Admiral Oliver and Rear-Admiral Keyes. On 1 May 1919 Vice-Admiral Leveson and the Second Battle Squadron of the Atlantic Fleet took over guard duties, and were succeeded on 18 May by Vice-Admiral Sir Sydney Fremantle and the First Battle Squadron.
In captivity.
The naval historian Arthur Marder described the state of affairs in the German ships during the internment as "one of complete demoralization". He identified four reasons that exacerbated the situation: lack of discipline, standard of food, lack of recreation and slow postal service. The cumulative result of these problems created "indescribable filth in some of the ships". On 29 November the Second-in-Command of the Grand Fleet, Admiral Sir Charles Madden, wrote to his brother-in-law and former superior Lord Jellicoe that, "All proposed orders are considered and counter-signed by the men's committee before they are executed and then they are carried out as convenient". When visiting an interned ship the German officers were reported to have been "dumb with shame". Food was sent from Germany twice a month but was monotonous and not of good quality. Catching fish and seagulls provided a dietary supplement and some recreation. A large amount of brandy was also sent over. Recreation for the men was limited to their ships, as the British refused to allow any of the interned sailors to go ashore or visit any other German ships. British officers and men were only allowed to visit on official business. Outgoing post to Germany was censored from the beginning, and later incoming post also. German seamen were granted 300 cigarettes a month or 75 cigars. There were German doctors in the interned fleet but no dentists, and the British refused to provide one.
Command of the interned ships was exercised through Rear-Admiral von Reuter, flying his flag in the battleship . He had a British drifter at his disposal for visiting ships and issuing written orders on urgent business, and his staff was occasionally allowed to visit other ships to arrange repatriation of officers and men. Von Reuter, whose health was poor, requested that his flag be transferred to the light cruiser on 25 March after he was repeatedly prevented from sleeping by the stomping on his cabin roof by a group of revolutionary sailors called the "Red Guard". Over seven months the number of men in his command was continually reduced from the 20,000 men who had sailed the ships over in November. 4,000 returned to Germany on 3 December, 6,000 on 6 December and 5,000 on 12 December, leaving 4,815, of whom approximately 100 were repatriated a month.
Negotiations over the fate of the ships were underway at the Paris Peace Conference. The French and Italians each wanted a quarter of the ships. The British wanted them destroyed, since they knew that any redistribution would be detrimental to the proportional advantage in numbers they had compared to other navies. Under Article XXXI of the Armistice the Germans were not permitted to destroy their ships. Both Admirals Beatty and Madden had approved plans to seize the German ships in case scuttling was attempted; Admirals Keyes and Leveson recommended that the ships be seized anyway and the crews interned ashore at Nigg Island, but their suggestions were not taken up. Their concern was not without justification, for as early as January 1919, von Reuter mentioned the possibility of scuttling the fleet to his chief of staff. Having learned of the possible terms of the Treaty of Versailles in May 1919, he began to prepare detailed plans to scuttle his ships. Admiral Erich Raeder later wrote that von Reuter was informed that the fleet was to be scuttled at all costs. A further reduction of crews with the departure of two transports to Germany on 18 June 1919 meant that von Reuter was left with reliable men to carry out preparations. On that day he sent out orders, paragraph 11 of which stated: "It is my intention to sink the ships only if the enemy should attempt to obtain possession of them without the assent of our government. Should our government agree in the peace to terms to the surrender of the ships, then the ships will be handed over, to the lasting disgrace of those who have placed us in this position." His orders were sent to the interned ships on 18 June.
In the meantime the signing of the Treaty of Versailles was scheduled for noon on 21 June 1919. The First Battle Squadron prepared to board the German ships in force to check for signs that the fleet was preparing to scuttle. On 13 June Admiral Madden requested in person at the Admiralty a daily political appreciation from 17 June onwards so as to be prepared to take action, but as Madden related to Beatty shortly afterwards, "they had no reliable indication of the German attitude towards the peace terms". Admiral Fremantle submitted to Madden on 16 June a scheme for seizing the German ships at midnight of 21/22 June, after the treaty was meant to be signed. Madden approved the plan on 19 June, but only after he was informed that the deadline for signing the treaty was extended to 19:00 on 23 June and he neglected to officially inform Fremantle. News of the extension was seen by Fremantle in a newspaper on the same day and he assumed it to be true. He had been under orders from Madden for some time to exercise his battleships against torpedo attacks, which required good weather in order to recover the torpedoes. The weather on the night of 20 June was favourable so Fremantle ordered the First Battle Squadron to sea at 09:00 the next morning, 21 June. The operation to seize the German ships was postponed until the night of his squadron's return to Scapa Flow on 23 June, after the deadline to sign the treaty had expired. Fremantle later claimed that before he left Scapa he had unofficially informed von Reuter that the armistice was still in effect.
The fleet is scuttled.
Around 10:00 a.m. on 21 June 1919, von Reuter sent a flag signal ordering the fleet to stand by for the signal to scuttle. At about 11:20 the flag signal was sent: "To all Commanding Officers and the Leader of the Torpedo Boats. Paragraph Eleven of to-day's date. Acknowledge. Chief of the Interned Squadron." The signal was repeated by semaphore and searchlights. Scuttling began immediately: seacocks and flood valves were opened and internal water pipes smashed. Portholes had already been loosened, watertight doors and condenser covers left open, and in some ships holes had been bored through bulkheads, all to facilitate the spread of water once scuttling began. One German ship commander recorded that prior to the 21st seacocks had been set on a hair turning and heavily lubricated, while large hammers had been placed besides valves.
There was no noticeable effect until noon, when "Friedrich der Grosse" began to list heavily to starboard and all the ships hoisted the Imperial German Ensign at their mainmasts. The crews then began to abandon ship. The British naval forces left at Scapa Flow comprised three destroyers, one of which was under repair, seven trawlers and a number of drifters. Fremantle started receiving news of the scuttling at 12:20 and cancelled his squadron's exercise at 12:35, steaming at full speed back to Scapa Flow. He and a division of ships arrived at 14:30 in time to see only the large ships still afloat. He had radioed ahead to order all available craft to prevent the German ships sinking or beach them. The last German ship to sink was the battlecruiser at 17:00, by which time fifteen capital ships were sunk, and only survived. Four light cruisers and thirty-two destroyers were sunk. Nine Germans were shot and killed and about sixteen wounded aboard their lifeboats rowing towards land.
During the afternoon, 1,774 Germans were picked up and transported by battleships of the First Battle Squadron to Invergordon. Fremantle had sent out a general order declaring that the Germans were to be treated as prisoners-of-war for having broken the armistice and they were destined for the prisoner-of-war camps at Nigg. Von Reuter and a number of his officers were brought onto the quarterdeck of , where Fremantle gave a speech, translated by an interpreter while von Reuter and his men looked on "with expressionless faces":
Admiral Fremantle subsequently remarked privately, "I could not resist feeling some sympathy for von Reuter, who had preserved his dignity when placed against his will in a highly unpleasant and invidious position."
Reactions.
The French were disappointed that the German fleet was gone, having hoped to acquire at least some of the ships. The British Admiral Wemyss privately remarked:
German Admiral Reinhard Scheer declared:
Aftermath.
Of the 74 German ships in Scapa Flow, 15 of the 16 capital ships, 5 of the 8 cruisers, and 32 of the 50 destroyers were sunk. The remainder either remained afloat, or were towed to shallower waters and beached. The beached ships were later dispersed to the allied navies, but most of the sunken ships were initially left at the bottom of Scapa Flow, the cost of salvaging them being deemed to be not worth the potential returns, owing to the glut of scrap metal left after the end of the war, with plenty of obsolete warships having been broken up. After complaints from locals that the wrecks were a hazard to navigation, a salvage company was formed in 1923, which raised four of the sunken destroyers.
At about this time, the entrepreneur Ernest Cox became involved. He bought 26 destroyers from the Admiralty for £250, as well as the and . He began operations to refloat the destroyers using an old German dry dock he purchased and subsequently modified. He was able to lift 24 of his 26 destroyers over the next year and a half, after which he began work on the larger vessels. He developed a new salvage technique whereby divers patched the holes in the submerged hulls, and then pumped air into them so they would rise to the surface, where they could then be towed to the breakers. Using this technique, he refloated several of the ships. His methods were costly, however, and the final cost of raising the "Hindenburg" ran to some £30,000. Industrial action and a coal strike in 1926 nearly brought operations to a halt, but Cox instead dug out the coal in the submerged "Seydlitz", using it to power his machines until the end of the strike. Salvaging the "Seydlitz" also proved difficult, as the ship sank again during the first attempt to raise her, wrecking most of the salvage equipment. Undaunted, Cox tried again, ordering that when she was next raised, news cameras would be there to capture him witnessing the moment. The plan nearly backfired when the "Seydlitz" was accidentally refloated while Cox was holidaying in Switzerland. Cox told the workers to sink her again, then returned to Britain to be present as the "Seydlitz" was duly refloated a second time. Cox's company eventually raised 26 destroyers, two battlecruisers and five battleships.
Cox sold his remaining interests to the Alloa Shipbuilding Company, (later Metal Industries Group) and retired as the "man who bought a navy". The latter company went on to raise a further five cruisers, battlecruisers, and battleships, before the outbreak of the Second World War brought operations to a halt. The remaining wrecks lie in deeper waters, in depths up to , and there has been no economic incentive to attempt to raise them since. Minor salvage is still carried out to recover small pieces of steel. This low-background steel is used in the manufacture of radiation-sensitive devices, such as Geiger counters, as it is not contaminated with radioisotopes, having been produced prior to any chance of nuclear contamination.
The seven wrecks that remain are scheduled under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979. Divers are allowed to visit them but need a permit to do so. The last living military witness to the scuttling of the fleet was Claude Choules, who died on 5 May 2011 aged 110. Choules was the last known living combat veteran of the First World War.
While the rebuilding of the German Army in the 1930s was based upon the combined myths of "invincibility on the battlefield" and the "stab in the back", the attitude and actions of the High Seas Fleet at Scapa Flow became a symbol of defiance for the new recruits and officers of the Kriegsmarine.

</doc>
<doc id="18638971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638971" title="Targonie-Wity">
Targonie-Wity

Targonie-Wity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18638973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638973" title="Wieczorki">
Wieczorki

Wieczorki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18638977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638977" title="Zawady, Gmina Zawady">
Zawady, Gmina Zawady

Zawady is a village in Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zawady. It lies approximately west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 320.

</doc>
<doc id="18638981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638981" title="Zawady-Borysówka">
Zawady-Borysówka

Zawady-Borysówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18638983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638983" title="Zawady-Kolonia, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Zawady-Kolonia, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Zawady-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18638989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638989" title="Vladimir Iorikh">
Vladimir Iorikh

Vladimir Iorikh (born 1958, Novokuznetsk) - Russian steel tycoon, a close associate of Russian businessmen Igor Zyuzin and Abram Reznikov. Sold his shares of Mechel prior to recent events.
President of Swiss firm Conares Holding.

</doc>
<doc id="18638993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638993" title="Gabriel Mkhumane">
Gabriel Mkhumane

Gabriel Mkhumane (died April 1, 2008) was a Swazi physician and opposition leader. He was the deputy president of the People's United Democratic Movement (Pudemo), Swaziland's main opposition party.
Once working as a physician at Themba Hospital in Nelspruit, Mkhumane was in self-imposed exile, having left Swaziland in 1984 to live in Maputo, then in Cuba, where he received his medical training and lived for 15 years. According to the "Swaziland Solidarity Network", he provided the impoverished with free medical services. To be nearer to his home country, Mkhumane settled in South Africa in 2000. He was married to Soraida and had two sons, Lizwi and Lizo (three weeks old at the time of his father's death). Despite his exile, he had been active in Pudemo-related activities such as marketing the Kingdom as an oppressive regime which hates democracy. 
Mkhumane was murdered on April 1, 2008, in Nelspruit, after attending a meeting to discuss blocking goods travelling to Swaziland. The annual blockade was to be held on April 12, the anniversary of when King Sobhuza II outlawed all political parties. It was since called off due to Mkhumane's death. He was gunned down in an ambush on his car and his killers quickly left after the crime. The official version of his murder is that he was killed in a random act of villainy, although some Pudemo supporters disagree, including its president, Mario Masuku. They claim Mkhumane was murdered by the Swazi government, pointing to the fact that Swazi police told his mother that he would come home "wrapped in a black bag" hours before his death was reported. His family members also claimed he began fearing for his life shortly before his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18638994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638994" title="Augustowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Augustowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Augustowo (, "Yagushtovo") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18638995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638995" title="Frédéric Motte">
Frédéric Motte

Frédéric "Elmobo" Motte (born in 1970 in Rethel, France) is a music producer and composer. He started toying with computer music when he got his hands on his first computer in 1983.
Demoscene.
He made his first steps in the demoscene using "Moby" as moniker in 1988 by joining the Amiga demogroup Impact Inc. as a musician. Later, he joined other groups like Dragons, Alcatraz, Dreamdealers, and finally Sanity, for which he composed the soundtrack of one of the top rated amiga demo ever : Arte. In 1994, he founded with demoscene graphic artist Olivier "Ra" Bechard the PC demo group NoooN.
Video games.
In the beginning of the '90s, he starting composing music for video games. His first gigs were for Coktel Vision. In 1993, he started working as in-house composer and sound designer at Atreid Concept, a young game studio, which later on became Kalisto Entertainment. There, he produced the soundtrack of quite a few games (Nightmare Creatures 1 & 2, Dark Earth, 4 Wheel Thunder...) before leaving the company in January 2001 to go freelance again. This is when he changed his moniker to "Elmobo" because of the confusion with "the other Moby" He has since worked on a large number of games on Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, PC, PlayStation 2, Wii and even mobile phones.
Bands.
In 1998, together with guitarist Stephane "Fanalo" Alaux, he started the band Plug-In, a progressive instrumental metal band, in which he plays the bass. Plug-In released its first EP called "#0.9" in 1999, produced, recorded mixed and mastered by Elmobo. In 2002, Fanalo and Elmobo were hired by guitarist Ron "Bumblefoot" Thal as bass and guitar player to tour France, and for a few gigs in Europe. Ron Thal joined Guns n' Roses in 2006.
Plug-In released its new album in 2011: Hijack, featuring guests including Pierre Belleville (Lofofora), Ron Thal (Guns n' Roses), Patrick Rondat, Andy Timmons, Sylvain Coudret (Scarve, Soilwork) and Christophe Godin (Metal Kartoon).
In 2004, Elmobo opened his own recording studio called Conkrete Studio. His studio is dedicated to metal bands, and he has already produced, recorded, mixed or mastered more than 30 albums to date.

</doc>
<doc id="18638996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638996" title="Bańki">
Bańki

Bańki (, "Ban’ky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18638999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18638999" title="Biała, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Biała, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Biała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639002" title="Dorchester School District Two">
Dorchester School District Two

Dorchester School District Two is a school district based in Summerville, South Carolina, U.S.A. It serves Dorchester County, South Carolina.
Schools.
Givhans Alternative Program.
Givhans Alternative Program (GAP) was established to provide varying levels of instruction for students who struggle in the mainstream programs of Dorchester District Two. Typically, students at GAP receive a high level of instruction due to the rigorous structure and smaller class sizes provided by the school.

</doc>
<doc id="18639003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639003" title="Bielanowszczyzna">
Bielanowszczyzna

Bielanowszczyzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639007" title="Bolesty">
Bolesty

Bolesty may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18639010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639010" title="Bolesty, Bielsk County">
Bolesty, Bielsk County

Bolesty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639011" title="Brześcianka">
Brześcianka

Brześcianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639018" title="Stephen Black">
Stephen Black

Stephen Black (born 5 April 1980) is an Australian former professional basketball player who last played for the Cairns Taipans of the NBL. He is the son of Alan Black. He is currently coaching the South West Metro Pirates in the Queensland Basketball League.
Born in Melbourne, Victoria, he attended the Australian Institute of Sport between 1998-1999. 
He made his debut for the Perth Wildcats in 1999 where he played for 5 years, then he moved to Brisbane in 2004 to play for the Brisbane Bullets to play for another 4 years. He moved to Cairns in 2008. He retired at the end of the 2009 NBL season having played 264 NBL games.

</doc>
<doc id="18639019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639019" title="Chraboły, Bielsk County">
Chraboły, Bielsk County

Chraboły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village lies by the river Orlanka
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639022" title="Deniski">
Deniski

Deniski (, "Denysky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639024" title="List of Melbourne Victory FC records and statistics">
List of Melbourne Victory FC records and statistics

Honours.
Beyond Blue Cup
Kosmina-Muscat Cup
Westpac Cup
Doubles and Trebles
Domestic Treble
The A-league "Double"
Player records.
Most appearances.
"Last updated 18 August 2013" 
Other individual records for the club.
List of Individual award winners who won awards while playing for Melbourne Victory FC.
Team records.
Home attendances.
"Last updated 18 August 2013,"
All-time records.
All-time A-League records against other clubs (including finals).
"Last updated 18 August 2013,"
All-time A-League Win/Loss Record by Stadium.
"Last updated 18 August 2013,"
All-time International Competition Win/Loss.
"Last updated June 2011"
All-time International Non-Competition Win/Loss.
"Last updated 19 May 2012"
All-time player records.
"Last updated 18 August 2013,"
" Number of appearances as substitute in brackets."
W-League Records.
"Last updated end of 2010/2011 season,"
" Number of appearances as substitute in brackets."

</doc>
<doc id="18639025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639025" title="Dobromil, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Dobromil, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Dobromil (, "Dobromyl’") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639027" title="Dubiażyn">
Dubiażyn

Dubiażyn (, "Dubyazhyn") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639033" title="Dwór, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Dwór, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Dwór is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. The etymology of its name means manor house.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639038" title="30 Years to Life">
30 Years to Life

30 Years to Life is a 2001 American comedy film, written and directed by Vanessa Middleton. The film marks Middleton's directorial debut, and stars Allen Payne, Paula Jai Parker, and Tracy Morgan.
Plot.
A handful of close friends, due to turn 30, discover that their dreams for the future are running headfirst into the realities of adulthood in this character-driven comedy-drama. Natalie is a banker who is happy with her job, but is tired of being single, and her pursuit of a husband is taking her down several blind alleys in the world of dating. Joy has developed a similar desire to settle down and get married, but while she has a long-term boyfriend, Leland, he is not so sure he wants to make a lifetime commitment. Troy is a comic who has been on the verge of a career breakthrough for years, but he is starting to wonder if his big break is ever going to arrive. Malik is a white-collar executive who thinks life is passing him by, and is pondering giving up a stable career to start over as a male model. And Stephanie is comfortable with her job in real estate, but she is not so comfortable with herself as she struggles with a weight problem she's had since childhood.

</doc>
<doc id="18639039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639039" title="Gaj, Bielsk County">
Gaj, Bielsk County

Gaj is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639040" title="Grabowiec, Bielsk County">
Grabowiec, Bielsk County

Grabowiec (, "Hrabovets’") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639041" title="Haćki">
Haćki

Haćki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639045" title="Hendzel">
Hendzel

Hendzel is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639048" title="Hołody">
Hołody

Hołody (, "Holody") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639051" title="Hryniewicze Duże">
Hryniewicze Duże

Hryniewicze Duże (, "Hrynevychi Velyki") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639052" title="Hryniewicze Małe">
Hryniewicze Małe

Hryniewicze Małe (, "Hrynevychi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639054" title="Husaki">
Husaki

Husaki (, "Husaky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639056" title="Jacewicze">
Jacewicze

Jacewicze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639058" title="Knorozy">
Knorozy

Knorozy (, "Knorozy") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639059" title="Knorydy">
Knorydy

Knorydy , "Knorydy") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 430.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639061" title="Knorydy Górne">
Knorydy Górne

Knorydy Górne (, "Knorydy Horishni") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639062" title="Knorydy Podleśne">
Knorydy Podleśne

Knorydy Podleśne (, "Knorydy Pidlisni") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639063" title="California State Treasurer election, 2002">
California State Treasurer election, 2002

The 2002 California State Treasurer election occurred on November 5, 2002. The primary elections took place on March 5, 2002. The Democratic incumbent, Phil Angelides, defeated the Republican nominee, Greg Conlon.
Primary results.
A bar graph of statewide results in this contest are available at http://primary2002.ss.ca.gov/Returns/trs/00.htm.
Results by county are available here and here.
Results.
Results by county.
Results from the Secretary of State of California:

</doc>
<doc id="18639079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639079" title="Knorydy Średnie">
Knorydy Średnie

Knorydy Średnie (, "Knorydy Seredni") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639082" title="Korpacz">
Korpacz

Korpacz (, "Korpachi") is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639083" title="Kuruwa">
Kuruwa

Arrangement.
The shape and structure of a castle were important factors in determining the victor of castle sieges, and the castle layout, or was arranged with the intention of giving the defender an insurmountable advantage. The kuruwa regions were planned for after the basic layout of the castle grounds was decided. The three basic kuruwa regions are the ; the core of the castle, and the and , which serve as auxiliary areas.
There are three major styles of kuruwa arrangement:
Many castles use a combination of the above three styles, and may fit into multiple categories of arrangement. Some castles may not be categorizable at all. Smaller kuruwa regions called and were sometimes placed around the central kuruwa in some arrangements. refers to a kuruwa that is placed independent from the central kuruwa, and refers to a kuruwa that is placed specifically to guard an important entrance. See below for more related terms.
Related terms.
Most of the terms take the form "-kuruwa" or "-maru", but specific terms may differ depending on region or time period. Castles that use the naming "-maru" were built during the early modern period. Many castles contain kuruwa named after particular people or places.

</doc>
<doc id="18639084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639084" title="Koszarka">
Koszarka

Koszarka is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639087" title="Kotły, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Kotły, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Kotły (, "Kotly") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639093" title="Kozły, Bielsk County">
Kozły, Bielsk County

Kozły (, "Kozly") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639094" title="Kożyno">
Kożyno

Kożyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639095" title="Kożyno Małe">
Kożyno Małe

Kożyno Małe (, "Kozhanka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639099" title="Krzywa, Bielsk County">
Krzywa, Bielsk County

Krzywa (, "Kryva") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639106" title="Lewki, Bielsk County">
Lewki, Bielsk County

Lewki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639109" title="Łoknica">
Łoknica

Łoknica (, "Loknytsia") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639112" title="Łubin Kościelny">
Łubin Kościelny

Łubin Kościelny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639115" title="Łubin Rudołty">
Łubin Rudołty

Łubin Rudołty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639116" title="Malinowo">
Malinowo

Malinowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18639121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639121" title="Malinowo, Bielsk County">
Malinowo, Bielsk County

Malinowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639123" title="Miękisze">
Miękisze

Miękisze (, "Myakyshi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639125" title="Mokre, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Mokre, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Mokre (, "Mokre") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639126" title="Potap">
Potap

Oleksiy Andriyovych Potapenko better known as Potap (born May 8, 1981 in Kiev, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian singer, composer, and producer. He usually sings with Nastya Kamenskih or with Dyadya Vadya (Дядя Вадя) and UGO. Currently, he is the producer of the "Empire Label".
Official website of Potap & nastya: 
http://potapinastya.com/
VUZV.
Potap used to be part of the hip-hop group called Vkhid u Zminnomu Vzutti (Вхід у Змінному Взутті) in 2006. He produced one album when he was in this group titled "Prosto". He also made three video clips to the songs Shtolnya, Prosto and Super and a soundtrack to the movie "Shtolnya". During the time he was in VUZV he sang in Ukrainian. Potap now sings with Nastya Kamenskih in Russian and they have released many great hits that are avidly listened to in Ukraine and Russia. Their musical duet has been a great success ever since their first song "Ne para".

</doc>
<doc id="18639128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639128" title="Na Brańskiej">
Na Brańskiej

Na Brańskiej is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639129" title="Nałogi">
Nałogi

Nałogi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639132" title="Ogrodniki, Bielsk County">
Ogrodniki, Bielsk County

Ogrodniki (, "Horodnyky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639135" title="Orlanka, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Orlanka, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Orlanka is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639138" title="Orzechowicze">
Orzechowicze

Orzechowicze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639141" title="Parcewo">
Parcewo

Parcewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639145" title="Dhyanyogi Madhusudandas">
Dhyanyogi Madhusudandas

Shri Dhyanyogi Madhusudandas was an Indian saint born in Bihar, India. His disciples include Shri Anandi Ma and Omdasji Maharaj. He was a master of Kundalini Maha Yoga.
Biography.
Childhood.
Born in winter of 1878* (Footnote 1) in Durgadi, a village in Bihar, India, to Sampatti Devi Mishra and Ramdahin Mishra, he was named Kashinath after Lord Shiva. Prior to his birth, his mother had a vision of Lord Krishna, regarded in India as an auspicious sign indicating the coming of a great being.
Kashinath was spiritually precocious from childhood. His family was pious and he learned to worship from a very young age. Often while the other children played, Kashinath meditated. By age seven, constantly haunted by the questions "Who am I?" and "What is death?" and inspired by a deep inner longing, he ran away from home in search of the meaning of death. He was quickly found by his parents and sent to school. But at the age of thirteen, he again ran away from home for good to search for spiritual enlightenment.
Spiritual quest and meeting his Satguru.
Thereafter, for thirty years he traveled across India, often walking in remote and unsettled areas, where he sought and met saints and yogis living in seclusion, and learned whatever they would teach him. Thus, with his longing for spiritual knowledge he became adept at Mantra, Yantra, Hatha, Raja and Jnana yogic practices and philosophies. At the age of 27, Kashinath was given the spiritual name of Madhusudandas, upon taking vows of renunciation (sannyasa).
Although he had mastered many yogic paths and practiced intense austerities, he was unable to attain his ultimate goal of self-realization until he found his Satguru. Finally, that happened after thirty years of austerities and intense searching. In 1921, while he was practicing stringent austerities in a cave on Mt. Abu, Rajasthan, his Guru Shri Yogiraj Parameshwardas, a master of Kundalini yoga, came to him.
Thereupon, Shri Parameshwardas bestowed Shaktipat initiation on Madhusudandas. Immediately he attained the highest state of samadhi and the ultimate goal of self-realization the exalted state for which he had yearned since childhood.
He recounts that when he opened his eyes three days later, he beheld his guru seated before him in the form of Lord Hanuman. Lord Hanuman, was the quintessential devotee of Shri Rama embodying the highest level of bhakti (devotional love), jnana (knowledge of Reality), vairagya (renunciation or detachment) and seva (selfless service). And these Divine qualities of Lord Hanuman became the hallmarks of Shri Dhyanyogi Madhusudandas.
Life Mission.
Through the guidance of Shri Parameshwardas, Shri Madhusudandas became a master of Kundalini Maha Yoga, with the power to awaken the dormant Kundalini in spiritual aspirants, and to then guide their spiritual evolution from subtle levels. In recognition of this attainment, Shri Parameshwardas conferred on Shri Madhusudandas the honorary title “Dhyanyogi.” *(footnote 2)
Thereafter, for many years Shri Dhyanyogi lived and carried on his work and teachings in a small ashram which he established in Bandhwad, in the Indian state of Gujarat.
In 1960, he began widespread public instruction in Kundalini Maha Yoga, conducting group meditations throughout India. For millennia Shaktipat had been an esoteric path to self-realization, not openly bestowed, or explicitly discussed in ancient Vedic scriptures like the Bhagavad Gita. Shri Dhyanyogi became one of the first teachers of this ancient tradition to openly work at a mass level by bestowing Shaktipat initiation on all who sought it from him. He said: "“All those who came to me for Shaktipat are worthy, and all of them are my spiritual heirs. For my energy works through them.” "
During a protracted drought and famine in Gujarat, in late 1960s and early 1970s, he collected charitable funds and tirelessly helped the suffering people of Gujarat, disregarding his own health and concerns of his devotees.
On December 7, 1971, exhausted by his unceasing efforts for famine victims, he had a dramatic near-death experience (NDE) which he recounted in a pamphlet entitled "“Death, Dying and Beyond”". He reported being taken to a heavenly abode of Lord Rama, his principal devotional deity. But then being sent back by Rama to his “dead” body to fulfill his desire to help many people, whose faces were shown to him from that subtle dimension beyond our Earthly “reality”. After the NDE, he established a secondary school in Bandhwad, a hospital in a backward area of Bihar to help the needy, and a temple on his small Bandhwad ashram.
Introduction of Kundalini Maha Yoga to America.
In 1976, Dhanyogi left India for the first time to expand his worldwide mission to help spiritual seekers and raise humanity's consciousness. Following prior requests from American devotees, Dhyanyogi came to the United States where he traveled all over the country teaching meditation and offering Shaktipat. His love, humility and simplicity captured the hearts of many Americans.
During four years in the US, he established local groups from coast to coast and initiated thousands into the path of Kundalini Maha Yoga. In his US lectures, he revealed that during his 1971 NDE he had seen and identified many of the same people who came to him in the West. He said: "“Many of those faces that I saw in the courtyard of Lord Rama, I have seen here, since I came to America. All of the people I saw are my family, and I have to help them.”" In introducing Kundalini Maha Yoga to Americans, Dhyanyogi said that it was not a religion but a spiritual practice bringing" “lasting inner peace and happiness to individuals of any belief or religious affiliation.”" He describes this path in the book "“Shakti: An Introduction to Kundalini Maha Yoga.”"
Final years and death.
After four years of tireless efforts in the US, Shri Dhyanyogi became extremely debilitated. In 1980, at age 102, he returned to India where he spent his remaining years in or near Ahmedabad, in Gujarat state.
On August 29, 1994, the anniversary of Lord Krishna's birth, Shri Dhyanyogi left his physical body at age 116. Since then many of his devotees (including the writer of this article) report that they continue profoundly to experience his transformative shakti energy at subtle levels of awareness.
Yogic powers.
Dhyanyogi displayed extraordinary physical prowess, emanated exceptional spiritual energy, and sometimes demonstrated what Westerners call “miracles”.
His physical prowess was observed by countless devotees (including the author of this article) who witnessed him as a centenarian demonstrating difficult yogic postures - like head stands - and walking so fast that young people had to jog to keep up with his extraordinary pace.
Even after he became physically debilitated, he emanated an amazingly intense and extraordinary shakti energy field. People (and even objects) touched by or near him were long imbued with this transformative energy. In "“Death, Dying and Beyond”" he told how three or four different people who attempted to help him during his NDE experience immediately fell unconscious into deep meditative states when they touched his body. Only after he returned to his body to help them were they able to awaken from these states.
On observing noteworthy phenomena which we can’t yet explain by known natural or scientific laws, we sometimes call them “miracles” and often attribute them to a Divine power. Like other rare saints and mystics Dhyanyogi occasionally demonstrated “miracles” to foster faith in the Divine. Many of those “miracles” were anecdotally reported by his devotees. In his writings and lectures Dhyanyogi explained that yogic powers ("siddhis") might be attained via control of life-force energies, but that they were seldom displayed; that such powers are used "“sparingly and on occasion for humanitarian and other discretionary ends,”" but not "“for self-aggrandizement." ~ Light on Meditation, Shri Dhyanyogi Madhusudandas, page 71:"
Dhyanyogi was especially interested in scientifically demonstrating yogic powers of mantra and of mind. Accordingly, he presided over scientific demonstrations of how pulse and blood pressure readings of meditators could be influenced by his chanting of powerful Bija (seed) Mantras. Also, he demonstrated that he could at will increase or decrease his own blood pressure by his yogic powers. He was amongst the Indian yogis who first demonstrated to Westerners the power of yoga and meditation on the physical body.

</doc>
<doc id="18639146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639146" title="Pasynki, Bielsk County">
Pasynki, Bielsk County

Pasynki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639148" title="Pietrzykowo-Gołąbki">
Pietrzykowo-Gołąbki

Pietrzykowo-Gołąbki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639151" title="Pietrzykowo-Wyszki">
Pietrzykowo-Wyszki

Pietrzykowo-Wyszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639153" title="Piliki">
Piliki

Piliki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>
Podlaskie Region. "Voivodeship" is not a word in English.

</doc>
<doc id="18639155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639155" title="Pilipki">
Pilipki

Pilipki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639157" title="Plutycze">
Plutycze

Plutycze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639158" title="Podbiele">
Podbiele

Podbiele may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18639160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639160" title="Podbiele, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Podbiele, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Podbiele is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639162" title="Proniewicze">
Proniewicze

Proniewicze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639163" title="Rajki">
Rajki

Rajki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639164" title="Rajsk">
Rajsk

Rajsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639166" title="Rzepniewo">
Rzepniewo

Rzepniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639168" title="Saki, Bielsk County">
Saki, Bielsk County

Saki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639171" title="Sierakowizna">
Sierakowizna

Sierakowizna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639173" title="Skrzypki Duże">
Skrzypki Duże

Skrzypki Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639175" title="Skrzypki Małe">
Skrzypki Małe

Skrzypki Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639177" title="Sobotczyzna">
Sobotczyzna

Sobotczyzna is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639178" title="BB10">
BB10

BB10 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18639179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639179" title="Sobótka, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Sobótka, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Sobótka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639182" title="Stołowacz">
Stołowacz

Stołowacz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639183" title="R. Fenwick Taylor">
R. Fenwick Taylor

Robert Fenwick Taylor (March 10, 1849 to February 26, 1926) was a Florida lawyer and a Democratic politician who served on the Florida Supreme Court. He was first appointed on January 1, 1891. He resigned February 28, 1925. He served three terms as Chief Justice, from 1897 to 1905, from 1915 to 1917, and from 1923 to 1925.
Justice Taylor was born in Myrtle Hill, South Carolina. His father, John Morgandollar Taylor, was a cotton and rice planter in Beaufort District, South Carolina. His mother was Maria (Baker) Taylor. The family moved to Marion County, Florida before Taylor was three. Taylor was tutored at home. Taylor fought as a volunteer in the Battle of Gainesville. After the end of the War, he went to school at Baltimore's Maryland Military Institute. He left MMI and was tutored in "ancient languages" before reading law.
Taylor then read law with his brother-in-law, Gainesville, Florida attorney James B. Dawkins, an attendee of the Florida secession convention and a member of the Congress of the Confederate States. In 1870 he was admitted to the Ocala Bar. He and Dawkins shared a law practice in Gainsville for seven years. After Dawkins became a judge, Taylor partnered with Edward C. F. Sanchez. He worked behind the scenes in Democratic, anti-Reconstruction politics until Alachua County Democrats sent him and Dawkins to the constitutional convention of 1885, where he chaired a committee.
Taylor was appointed to the Florida Supreme Court in January 1891 by Governor Francis P. Fleming to replace outgoing Justice Henry Laurens Mitchell. He was re-elected to the Court six times. He served three terms as Chief Justice. As a conservative defender of personal and property rights, he wrote more than 500 opinions and was involved in more than 7,000 cases.
Taylor wrote the opinion for the Florida Supreme Court in "Sligh vs Kirkwood (Sheriff)." In this case, the Court unanimously upheld a law prohibiting exportation of "fruit unfit for consumption." Sligh had sued to overturn his conviction for delivering immature fruit to Georgia, saying the Florida law trespassed on Congresses sole authority to regulate interstate trade. Ironically, he also said the law was in conflict with the Pure Food and Drug Act of 1906. Although the law did incidentally prohibit the interstate sale of "green" fruit, it was when the state's police powers to protect public health. The Act banned "commerce in filthy, decomposed or putrid vegetable products", but made no mention of immature fruit. The Court held that this left the matter of immature fruit up to the states, and that the state law conflicted with no federal law.
The "Wells Quart Law" had been passed as part of the Florida Legislature's efforts to curb the sale of liquor. It forbade the transport of alcoholic beverages into counties where their sale was prohibited. The Court held that this restricted personal property rights. The law was unconstitutional, in that although it could regulate the sale and transport of alcoholic beverages, the Legislature did not have the authority to restrict private ownership or use of alcoholic beverages.
The "Davis Package Law", enacted in 1915, prohibited the sell of alcoholic beverages in packages smaller than 1 pint, open containers, and consumption at the point of sale. In "Exparte vs. Pricha," liquor dealers contended the law violated Florida's Constitution, "by depriving citizens of . . . inalienable rights, including acquiring, possessing, and protecting property, without due process." The court split, writing four different decisions. Justice Shackleford rejected the notion that the law was unconstitutional. Justice Ellis contended strongly that the Legislature had exceeded its power. Justice Taylor concurred with Ellis, that the law was an unconstitutional usurpation on the people's authority to prohibit liquor sales (or not) by popular vote in each county, and that the law violated the sanctity of private property.
Taylor resigned form the Court on February 28, 1925. He had married Amelia E. Haile in 1872. They had two children, Carl Hugo and Serena Haile. He was a Mason and a member of the Presbyterian Church. He died of pneumonia and kidney failure on February 26, 1927 at his home in Tallahassee.

</doc>
<doc id="18639185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639185" title="Stryki">
Stryki

Stryki (, "Stryky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639188" title="Stupniki">
Stupniki

Stupniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639191" title="Szastały">
Szastały

Szastały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639194" title="Szewele">
Szewele

Szewele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639195" title="Paul Revere's Ride">
Paul Revere's Ride

"Paul Revere's Ride" (1860) is a poem by American poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow that commemorates the actions of American patriot Paul Revere on April 18, 1775, although with significant inaccuracies. It was first published in the January 1861 issue of "The Atlantic Monthly". It was later retitled "The Landlord's Tale" in the collection "Tales of a Wayside Inn".
Overview.
The poem is spoken by the landlord of the Wayside Inn and tells a partly fictionalized story of Paul Revere. In the poem, Revere tells a friend to prepare signal lanterns in the Old North Church to inform him if the British will attack by land or sea. He would await the signal across the river in Charlestown and be ready to spread the alarm throughout Middlesex County, Massachusetts. The unnamed friend climbs up the steeple and soon sets up two signal lanterns, informing Revere that the British are coming by sea. Revere rides his horse through Medford, Lexington, and Concord to warn the patriots.
Composition and publication history.
Longfellow was inspired to write the poem after visiting the Old North Church and climbing its tower on April 5, 1860. He began writing the poem the next day. It was first published in the January 1861 issue of "The Atlantic Monthly". It was later re-published in Longfellow's "Tales of a Wayside Inn" as "The Landlord's Tale" in 1863. The poem served as the first in a series of 22 narratives bundled as a collection, similar to Geoffrey Chaucer's "The Canterbury Tales", and was published in three installments over 10 years.
Longfellow's family had a connection to the historical Paul Revere. His maternal grandfather, Peleg Wadsworth, was Revere's commander on the Penobscot Expedition.
Analysis.
When the poem was written in 1860, America was on the verge of Civil War. Longfellow first came forward publicly as an abolitionist in 1842 with the publication of his "Poems on Slavery". Though he admitted the book made little impact, it was written for his best friend, Charles Sumner, an activist abolitionist politician with whom he would continue to share common cause on the issues of slavery and the Union. The poem was published in the January, 1861, issue of the "The Atlantic" magazine on December 20, 1860, just as South Carolina became the first state to secede from the United States. "Paul Revere's Ride" was meant to appeal to Northerners' sense of urgency and, as a call for action, noted that history favors the courageous. Longfellow, who often used poetry to remind readers of cultural and moral values, warns at the end of the poem of a coming "hour of darkness and peril and need", implying the breakup of the Union, and suggests that the "people will waken and listen to hear" the midnight message again. By emphasizing common history, he was attempting to dissolve social tensions.
The phrase "Hardly a man is now alive" was true as one of the last men alive at the time had only recently died. Jonathan Harrington, the young fifer for Lexington's miltia during the battles of Lexington and Concord, died at the age of 96 in 1854, a few years before the poem was written. The poem fluctuates between past and present tense, sometimes in the same sentence, symbolically pulling the actions of the Revolution into modern times and displaying an event with timeless sympathies.
Longfellow's poem is not historically accurate but his "mistakes" were deliberate. He had researched the historical event, using works like George Bancroft's "History of the United States", but he manipulated the facts for poetic effect. He was purposefully trying to create American legends, much as he did with works like "The Song of Hiawatha" (1855) and "The Courtship of Miles Standish" (1858).
Critical response.
Modern.
Modern critics of the poem emphasize its many historical inaccuracies. For example, the poem depicts the lantern signal in the Old North Church as meant "for" Revere, but actually the signal was "from" Revere. The historical Paul Revere did not receive the lantern signal, but actually was the one who ordered it to be set up. The poem also depicts Revere rowing himself across the Charles River when, in reality, he was rowed over by others. He also did not reach Concord that night. Another inaccuracy is a general lengthening of the time frame of the night's events.
The majority of criticism, however, notes that Longfellow gave sole credit to Revere for the collective achievements of three riders (as well as the other riders whose names do not survive to history). In fact, Revere and William Dawes rode from Boston to Lexington to warn John Hancock and Samuel Adams that British soldiers were marching from Boston to Lexington to arrest Hancock and Adams and seize the weapons stores in Concord. Revere and Dawes then rode toward Concord, where the militia's arsenal was hidden. They were joined by Samuel Prescott, a doctor who happened to be in Lexington. Revere, Dawes, and Prescott were stopped by British troops in Lincoln on the road to nearby Concord. Prescott and Dawes escaped, but Revere was detained and questioned and then escorted at gunpoint by three British officers back to Lexington. Of the three riders, only Prescott arrived at Concord in time to warn the militia there.
Historical impact.
Longfellow's poem is credited with creating the national legend of Paul Revere, a previously little-known Massachusetts silversmith. Upon Revere's death in 1818, for example, his obituary did not mention his midnight ride but instead focused on his business sense and his many friends. The fame that Longfellow brought to Revere, however, did not materialize until after the Civil War amidst the Colonial Revival Movement of the 1870s. In 1875, for example, the Old North Church mentioned in the poem began an annual custom called the "lantern ceremony" recreating the action of the poem. Three years later, the Church added a plaque noting it as the site of "the signal lanterns of Paul Revere". Revere's elevated historical importance also led to unsubstantiated rumors that he made a set of false teeth for George Washington. Revere's legendary status continued for decades and, in part due to Longfellow's poem, authentic silverware made by Revere commanded high prices. Wall Street tycoon J. P. Morgan, for example, offered $100,000 for a punch bowl Revere made.
In 1883, Boston held a national competition for an equestrian statue of Revere. It was won by Cyrus Edwin Dallin, although his model was not accepted until 1899, and the statue was not dedicated until 1940. It stands in "Paul Revere Plaza," opposite the Old North Church.
In 1896 Helen F. Moore, dismayed that William Dawes had been forgotten, penned a parody of Longfellow's poem:
For a long time, historians of the American Revolution as well as textbook writers relied almost entirely on Longfellow's poem as historical evidence – creating substantial misconceptions in the minds of the American people. In re-examining the episode, some historians in the 20th century have attempted to demythologize Paul Revere almost to the point of marginalization. While it is true that Revere was not the only rider that night, that does not refute the fact that Revere successfully completed the first phase of his mission to warn Adams and Hancock. Other historians have since stressed Revere's importance, including David Hackett Fischer in his book "Paul Revere's Ride" (1995), a scholarly study of Revere's role in the opening of the Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="18639196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639196" title="Treszczotki">
Treszczotki

Treszczotki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639198" title="Truski">
Truski

Truski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639199" title="Shooting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre air rifle">
Shooting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre air rifle

The Men's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on August 11 at the Beijing Shooting Range Hall. Abhinav Bindra became the first ever individual Olympic champion of India.
The event consisted of two rounds: a qualifier and a final. In the qualifier, each shooter fired 60 shots with an air rifle at 10 metres distance from the standing position. Scores for each shot were in increments of 1, with a maximum score of 10.
The top 8 shooters in the qualifying round moved on to the final round. There, they fired an additional 10 shots. These shots scored in increments of .1, with a maximum score of 10.9. The total score from all 70 shots was used to determine final ranking.
Records.
The existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
Qualification round.
Q Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="18639201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639201" title="Użyki">
Użyki

Użyki is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639203" title="Widowo">
Widowo

Widowo (, "Vydovo") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639204" title="Woronie">
Woronie

Woronie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639207" title="Zawady, Bielsk County">
Zawady, Bielsk County

Zawady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639208" title="Zubowo">
Zubowo

Zubowo (, "Zubovo") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639220" title="Andryjanki">
Andryjanki

Andryjanki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639223" title="Boćki">
Boćki

Boćki (, "Bot’ky") is a village in Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Boćki. It lies approximately south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 1,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639225" title="Bodaczki">
Bodaczki

Bodaczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639228" title="Bodaki, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Bodaki, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Bodaki (, "Bodaky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639230" title="Bystre, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Bystre, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Bystre (, "Bystre") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Boćki, south of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639231" title="Chranibory Drugie">
Chranibory Drugie

Chranibory Drugie is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639233" title="Chranibory Pierwsze">
Chranibory Pierwsze

Chranibory Pierwsze is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639235" title="Ukhta River">
Ukhta River

Ukhta () is a river in the Komi Republic of Russia. It is a left tributary of the Izhma River (in Pechora River's drainage basin). It is 199 km long, with a drainage basin of 4,510 km², and an average discharge of 48.9 m³/s (13 km from its mouth).
The river freezes over in October/November, and remains icebound until April.
The Ukhta has its sources in the Timan Ridge. It flows first to the south, and later turns east. It flows through the city of Ukhta and joins the Izhma at the town of Sosnogorsk. The river is fast, with many radids.

</doc>
<doc id="18639238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639238" title="Dubno, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Dubno, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Dubno (, "Dubno") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Boćki, south of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
In early 17th century, voivode Mikołaj Sapieha erected a mansion in Dubno with four steeples, utterly destroyed during the Swedish Deluge. In late 18th century, the Potocki family built there one of the first sugar refinery plants in Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639241" title="Dziecinne">
Dziecinne

Dziecinne (, "Dytynne") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639242" title="Hawryłki">
Hawryłki

Hawryłki (, "Havrylky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639243" title="Hypertensive leukoencephalopathy">
Hypertensive leukoencephalopathy

Hypertensive leukoencephalopathy refers to a degeneration of the white matter of the brain following a sudden increase in blood pressure. 
Presentation.
Patients can present with sudden increase in blood pressure, acute confusional state, headaches, vomiting, and seizure. Retinal hemorrhages and hard exudates may be present on funduscopic exam. Hypertensive leukoencephalopathy may have concurrent cardiac ischemia and hematuria.
Imaging.
MRI shows hyperintensities on T2 weighted imaging, localized usually to the parietal and occipital regions.
Treatment.
Antihypertensives may be effective treatment

</doc>
<doc id="18639244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639244" title="Jakubowskie">
Jakubowskie

Jakubowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639245" title="Governors Island (Lake Winnipesaukee)">
Governors Island (Lake Winnipesaukee)

Governors Island is one of five bridged islands on Lake Winnipesaukee and is part of the town of Gilford, New Hampshire. The island supports high end housing and cultural activities.
See also.
Another Governor's Island occupies Island Pond in Hampstead, New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18639247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639247" title="Krasna Wieś">
Krasna Wieś

Krasna Wieś (, "Krasne Selo") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Boćki, south of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639249" title="Młynisk">
Młynisk

Młynisk is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639250" title="Mołoczki">
Mołoczki

Mołoczki (, "Molochky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Boćki, south of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639255" title="Nurzec, Bielsk County">
Nurzec, Bielsk County

Nurzec (, "Nurets’") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Boćki, south of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639257" title="Olszewo">
Olszewo

Olszewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18639260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639260" title="Olszewo, Gmina Boćki">
Olszewo, Gmina Boćki

Olszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639261" title="Pasieka, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Pasieka, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Pasieka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Boćki, south of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639263" title="Piotrowo-Krzywokoły">
Piotrowo-Krzywokoły

Piotrowo-Krzywokoły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18639265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639265" title="Piotrowo-Trojany">
Piotrowo-Trojany

Piotrowo-Trojany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639266" title="Przy Ostaszach">
Przy Ostaszach

Przy Ostaszach is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639268" title="Sasiny">
Sasiny

Sasiny may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18639269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639269" title="Sasiny, Gmina Boćki">
Sasiny, Gmina Boćki

Sasiny (, "Sasyny") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639273" title="Siedlece">
Siedlece

Siedlece is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639275" title="Siekluki, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Siekluki, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Siekluki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639277" title="Sielc">
Sielc

Sielc may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18639282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639282" title="Sielc, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Sielc, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Sielc is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639286" title="Skalimowo">
Skalimowo

Skalimowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639287" title="Śnieżki">
Śnieżki

Śnieżki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Boćki, south of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639293" title="Solniki, Bielsk County">
Solniki, Bielsk County

Solniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639294" title="Starowieś">
Starowieś

Starowieś (, "Stare Selo") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639296" title="Szeszyły">
Szeszyły

Szeszyły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Boćki, south of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639299" title="Szumki">
Szumki

Szumki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639301" title="Torule">
Torule

Torule is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639303" title="Wandalin">
Wandalin

Wandalin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18639307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639307" title="Wandalin, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Wandalin, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Wandalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639308" title="Wandalinek">
Wandalinek

Wandalinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in northeastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639318" title="Wiercień, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Wiercień, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Wiercień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639320" title="Wojtki">
Wojtki

Wojtki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639322" title="Wygonowo">
Wygonowo

Wygonowo (, "Vyhonovo") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639325" title="Wylan">
Wylan

Wylan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Boćki, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639327" title="Żołoćki">
Żołoćki

Żołoćki (, "Zholod’ky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639331" title="List of Honorary Fellows of Jesus College, Oxford">
List of Honorary Fellows of Jesus College, Oxford

The Governing Body of Jesus College, Oxford, England, (one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford) has the ability to elect "distinguished persons" to Honorary Fellowships. Under the current statutes of the college, Honorary Fellows cannot vote at meetings of the Governing Body and do not receive financial reward. They can be called upon, however, to help decide whether to dismiss or discipline members of academic staff (including the Principal).
The first three Honorary Fellows, all former students of the college, were elected in October 1877: John Rhys, the first Jesus Professor of Celtic who was later an Official Fellow (1881–1895) and Principal (1895–1915); the historian John Richard Green, and the poet Lewis Morris. Three other former Principals (John Christie, Sir John Habakkuk and Sir Peter North) have been elected Honorary Fellows on retirement. Many Honorary Fellows had previous academic connections with the college, either as Fellows or Old Members (former students), but others did not. Some of those without previous connections were distinguished Welshmen – Jesus College has had strong links with Wales since its establishment in 1571. For example, the Welsh businessman Sir Alfred Jones was elected in 1902, the Welsh judge Sir Samuel Evans was elected in 1918, and the Welsh opera singer Bryn Terfel was elected in 2008. The Welsh politician David Lloyd George was elected to an Honorary Fellowship in 1910 when he was Chancellor of the Exchequer. He wrote to John Rhys, the Principal at the time, to thank the college for the honour, saying:
The college noted in 1998 that the number of Honorary Fellows was markedly below the average of other Oxford colleges and it adopted a more methodical approach to increase numbers. Seven Honorary Fellows were elected that year, followed by another five in 1999. The first woman to be elected as an Honorary Fellow was the journalist and broadcaster Francine Stock, an Old Member of the college, in 2007. The Honorary Fellows have included two Old Members who later became Prime Minister of their respective countries: Norman Washington Manley, who studied at Jesus College as a Rhodes Scholar and who was Chief Minister of Jamaica from 1955 to 1962, and Harold Wilson, who was twice British Prime Minister (1964–1970 and 1974–1976). As of February 2012, the longest-serving Honorary Fellow is Frederick Atkinson, elected in 1979.
Honorary Fellows.
The abbreviations used in the "Link" column denote the person's connection with the college before election as an Honorary Fellow:
A dash denotes that the person had no previous academic link with the college.

</doc>
<doc id="18639342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639342" title="Bronka">
Bronka

Bronka (, "Bronka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639346" title="Brzeźnica, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Brzeźnica, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Brzeźnica (, "Bereznytsia") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639348" title="Burchaty">
Burchaty

Burchaty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brańsk, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639349" title="Chojewo">
Chojewo

Chojewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brańsk, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639352" title="Chojewo-Kolonia">
Chojewo-Kolonia

Chojewo-Kolonia is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639353" title="Chrościanka">
Chrościanka

Chrościanka is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639358" title="Dębowo, Bielsk County">
Dębowo, Bielsk County

Dębowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639361" title="Domanowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Domanowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Domanowo (, "Domanovo") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639365" title="Ferma, Poland">
Ferma, Poland

Ferma is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brańsk, north-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639366" title="1921 Rose Bowl">
1921 Rose Bowl

The 1921 Rose Bowl, known at the time as the Tournament East-West Football Game, is a college football bowl game played on January 1, 1921. It is the seventh Rose Bowl Game. The defeated the Ohio State Buckeyes by a score of 28-0 in only the second Big Ten versus Pacific Coast Conference (PCC) meeting in a Rose Bowl, the first being 1902 Rose Bowl featuring Michigan and . California's victory would stand as the "only" Rose Bowl win for a PCC team over a Big Ten team until the 1953 Rose Bowl.
California finished the season undefeated after handing Ohio State its first loss of the season. The Bears, who outscored their opponents 510-14 for the season, would stay undefeated from 1920 until 1924. Quarterback Harold Muller was named Player of the Game after he completed a 53-yard touchdown pass to Brodie Stephens after receiving a toss from Pesky Sprott. Sprott would score two touchdowns after carrying the ball 20 times for 90 yards.
Ohio State All-American Gaylord Stinchcomb rushed for 82 yards.

</doc>
<doc id="18639368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639368" title="Holonki">
Holonki

Holonki (, "Holionky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639369" title="Jarmarkowszczyzna">
Jarmarkowszczyzna

Jarmarkowszczyzna is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639371" title="Kadłubówka, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Kadłubówka, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Kadłubówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639375" title="Kalnica, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Kalnica, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Kalnica (, "Kal’nytsia") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639377" title="Hugh Shrapnel">
Hugh Shrapnel

Hugh Shrapnel (born Birmingham, England, 1947) is an English composer of contemporary classical music and oboist. He was a student of Cornelius Cardew and a member of the Scratch Orchestra. He also co-founded the Promenade Theatre Orchestra in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="18639378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639378" title="Kalnowiec">
Kalnowiec

Kalnowiec is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639381" title="Kiersnówek">
Kiersnówek

Kiersnówek (, "Kersnivok") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639384" title="Kiersnowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Kiersnowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Kiersnowo (, "Kersnovo") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639385" title="Kiewłaki">
Kiewłaki

Kiewłaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has an approximate population of 160. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639388" title="Klichy">
Klichy

Klichy (, "Klykhy") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brańsk, south-west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639389" title="Konotopa">
Konotopa

Konotopa may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18639390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639390" title="Konotopa, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Konotopa, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Konotopa is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639392" title="Koszewo">
Koszewo

Koszewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18639393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639393" title="Koszewo, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Koszewo, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Koszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639395" title="Lubieszcze">
Lubieszcze

Lubieszcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has an approximate population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639396" title="Majerowizna">
Majerowizna

Majerowizna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639397" title="Markowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Markowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Markowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639399" title="Mień">
Mień

Mień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 610.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639400" title="1936 Soviet First League">
1936 Soviet First League

The 1936 Soviet First League spring season was the very first second tier tournament of the Soviet official football competitions. The season started on May 22, 1936 and stretched through July 15, 1936. The only game between the capital's teams Stalinets and Serp i Molot took place at the Stalinets Stadium (used to stand where today Lokomotiv Stadium stands).
Spring 1936.
Competition format.
The winner was planned to play off against the poorest performer of the Group A. The bottom team was planned to be relegated. Wins were accounted for 3 points, draws - 2 points, losses - 1 point, and no-show - no points.
Withdrawn teams.
Dynamo Kharkiv.
Dynamo Kharkiv withdrew from the competition due to health problems of its players. The club had played against Stalinets Moscow, Stalinets Leningrad, and ZiS Moscow having on record 3 games with 0 wins, 1 draw, 2 losses, and goals ratio 3 - 9. All the records were annulled.
1936 Fall.
Overview.
This tournament was exact replica of the spring championship by the format of the competition, including the nomination of points.

</doc>
<doc id="18639402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639402" title="Nowosady, Bielsk County">
Nowosady, Bielsk County

Nowosady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639405" title="Olędy">
Olędy

Olędy may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18639407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639407" title="Olędy, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Olędy, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Olędy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 340.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639409" title="Olędzkie">
Olędzkie

Olędzkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639410" title="Oleksin">
Oleksin

Oleksin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18639411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639411" title="Oleksin, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Oleksin, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Oleksin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639413" title="Olszewek, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Olszewek, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Olszewek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639416" title="Olszewo, Gmina Brańsk">
Olszewo, Gmina Brańsk

Olszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
Massacre during World War II.
In reprisal for the operations of the Suwalska Cavalry Brigade, during the evening of 13 September 1939 units of the German XIX Panzer Corps, under the command of General Heinz Guderian, murdered thirteen people (half of the villagers) from Olszewo and ten people from the nearby village of Pietkowo. The victims among the villagers include women and children. They were murdered in several ways, such as stabbing by bayonets, shooting, being torn apart by grenades, and being burned alive in a barn.
Victims of the Massacre.
The victims included Poles and Ukrainians, one woman and a priest.
Villagers from Olszewo: 
Villagers from Pietkowo: 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639418" title="Otapy">
Otapy

Otapy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639420" title="Pace, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Pace, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Pace is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639421" title="Patoki">
Patoki

Patoki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18639423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639423" title="Patoki, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Patoki, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Patoki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639424" title="Whole Earth Software Catalog and Review">
Whole Earth Software Catalog and Review

The Whole Earth Software Catalog and The Whole Earth Software Review (1984–1985) were two publications produced by Stewart Brand's "Point Foundation" as an extension of " The Whole Earth Catalog".
Overview.
Fred Turner discusses the production and eventual demise of both the Catalog and Review in "From Counterculture to Cyberculture: Stewart Brand, the Whole Earth Network, and the Rise of Digital Utopianism." Turner notes that in 1983, "The Whole Earth Software Catalog" was proposed by John Brockman as a magazine which "would do for computing what the original ["Whole Earth Catalog"] had done for the counterculture: identify and recommend the best "tools" as they emerged." Brand announced the first publication of the quarterly "Whole Earth Software Review" at the SoftCon trade show at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans in March 1984. While both were published as an extension of "Whole Earth," the Catalog was a large glossy book sponsored by Doubleday and published in Sausalito California while the Review was a small periodical published in San Diego. The "Catalog" and "Review" were notable for being "devoid of any industry advertising" and for being "accessible and user friendly - written in an glib, conversational style that takes most of the bugs out of microprocessing."
"The Whole Earth Software Catalog and Review" were both business failures, however. The Catalog was only published twice and "The Whole Earth Software Review" three times. At the same time, another Brand publication, "CoEvolution Quarterly" evolved out of the original "Whole Earth Supplement" in 1974. In 1985, Brand merged "CoEvolution Quarterly" with "The Whole Earth Software Review" to create the "Whole Earth Review." This is also indicated in the issues themselves. Fall 1984, Issue No. 43 is titled "The Last CoEvolution Quarterly."The cover also states, "Next issue is 'Whole Earth Review': livelier snake, new skin." In January 1985, Issue No. 44 was titled "Whole Earth Review: Tools and Ideas for the Computer Age." The cover also reads "The continuation of "CoEvolution Quarterly" and "Whole Earth Software Review"." In an article titled "Whole Earth Software Catalog Version 1.1," Stewart Brand states that there are three intended audiences for the new "Whole Earth Review": a) the audience of "The Whole Earth Software Catalog", b) the audience of "The Whole Earth Software Review" and c) the audience of "CoEvolution Quarterly".
Bibliography.
Whole Earth Software Review
Whole Earth Software Catalog

</doc>
<doc id="18639426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639426" title="Pietraszki, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Pietraszki, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Pietraszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639428" title="Płonowo">
Płonowo

Płonowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639429" title="Poletyły">
Poletyły

Poletyły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639430" title="Popławy, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Popławy, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Popławy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18639432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18639432" title="Pruszanka Stara">
Pruszanka Stara

Pruszanka Stara is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brańsk, west of Bielsk Podlaski, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
