<doc id="18660988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18660988" title="Phillips' Sound Recording Services">
Phillips' Sound Recording Services

Phillips' Sound Recording Services was a studio in the house of Percy Francis Phillips (1896—1984) and his family at 38 Kensington, Kensington, Liverpool, England. Between the years of 1955 and 1969, Phillips recorded numerous tapes and acetate discs for Liverpool acts, people and businesses in a small room behind the shop his family owned.
Phillips first sold bicycles and motorbikes, but later started selling and recharging batteries in a shop in the front room of his house in 1925. After a decline in demand for batteries in the early 1950s, he started selling electrical goods and popular records. In 1955, Phillips set up a recording studio called Phillips' Sound Recording Services.
In 1958, The Quarrymen (John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, John 'Duff' Lowe and Colin Hanton) recorded "That'll Be The Day", and "In Spite of All the Danger" in the studio. Other clients included Billy Fury, Ken Dodd, and Marty Wilde. Phillips died in 1984. The Quarrymen recording and the site of the studio was commemorated in 2005, when a Blue Plaque was unveiled by two of The Quarrymen (Lowe and Hanton) on the front of the house.
Early years.
Percy Phillips was born in March 1896, in Warrington, Lancashire. He was a veteran of the First World War, and left the British Army (Loyal North Lancashire Regiment) at the rank of Corporal in 1918, since he was wounded before the war ended.
After the war, he started selling bicycles and motorbikes in a small shop in Brunswick Street, in the Kensington Fields area of Liverpool. He began selling and recharging batteries in 1925, opening a shop in the front room of his family's three-storey Georgian terraced house, called Phillips’ Battery Charging Depot, and had to install large accumulators in the cellar. Phillips ran the business for 30 years, even during WWII, but due to a decline in demand for batteries in the early 1950s (most people having electricity by then) he started selling household electrical goods. By late 1954, the shop was only selling records and record players; customers would buy recordings of American Country and Western, and Big Band music. As Phillips had supplied batteries to the Burtonwood air base during the war, he could buy and sell the latest records from America via his contacts there.
Studio.
In 1955, several customers asked if Phillips could make demo discs, so he bought a 1/4 inch tape recorder (replaced in 1963 with a Vortexion portable), an MSS (Marguerite Sound Studios - after the owner's wife) disc cutting machine, an amplifier, a 4-track mixer, three microphones (a Reslo, an HMV ribbon microphone, and an AKG), and three pairs of headphones for £400, while on a trip to London to visit his son Frank, who was there for a sound recording course at EMI Electronics. 
Phillips set up the equipment behind his shop in the (12 square feet) middle living room, with a piano and an overturned tin bath in the cellar as a reverb chamber, with a speaker and microphone linked to the studio above. The recordings would normally be on tape, and then transferred to disc, although the tape was recorded over again during the next session. Because of trams, trucks, and horses going up and down Kensington, Phillips had to hang heavy blankets over the studio door and a rear window to minimise the noise. Phillips' first recording was of himself singing "Bonnie Marie of Argyle", (unaccompanied) and a few days later he recorded "Unchained Melody", with local dance band singer Betty Roy. The first disc he cut in the studio was on 7 August 1955, with his eight-year-old daughter, Carol, singing, "Mr Sandman". All the discs had "Play with a light-weight pick-up" on the label, as this would increase the life of the disc, which would eventually wear out.
Phillips advertised the studio as Phillips' Sound Recording Services (also advertised as P. F. Phillips' Professional Tape & Disc Recording Service), and his business cards read: "PF Phillips, 38 Kensington, Liverpool, 7. Television and Battery Service. Gramophone Record Dealer. Professional Tape and Disc Recording Studio." He started cutting discs for members of the public, as well as for actors from the Liverpool Playhouse, who often stayed in the first-floor boarding rooms above the studio, who were sometimes asked by Phillips to record monologues and poems. These included the actors John Thaw, Richard Briers, and the ventriloquist Ray Alan. 
For the first couple of years, Phillips made music compilation discs for local businesses such as the local ice rink or cinema, men singing songs for loved ones, children playing an instrument, or even a neighbour’s dog howling along to piano accompaniment. As the record shop and studio took over the business, he had a brass plate made which he put on the wall just outside the front door, and had labels made for the discs, but changed the design of the disc label every year. By 1957, Phillips was recording more and more groups of young men with guitars, basses, washboards and drums, who played skiffle. 
Ron Wycherly (a.k.a. Billy Fury) recorded several songs onto disc in the studio, including, "I'm Left You're Right She's Gone", "Playin' For Keeps", "Paralyzed" and "Come Go With Me" (all previously released by Elvis Presley) as well as, "Have I Told You Lately That I Love You" (Lulu Belle and Scotty) and his own composition, "Yodelling Song". Fury's mother sent the songs to impresario Larry Parnes, which started her son's singing career. The songs were released on DVD/CD in 2008.
The Quarrymen recording.
Johnny 'Guitar' Byrne (from Rory Storm and The Hurricanes) and singer Paul Murphy recorded a version of "Butterfly" and "She’s Got it" in the studio on 22 June 1957, and Byrne later played the recording to Harrison. On 12 July 1958, a local skiffle group, The Quarrymen (Lennon, McCartney, Harrison, Lowe and Hanton) visited Phillips' studio to record two songs, although the date has been disputed, as Lowe remembered that the recording was during cold weather (October or November, 1957) with the band wearing scarves. Hanton also mentioned the cold weather in interviews, and before recording, Lennon suggested that Hanton put his scarf over the snare drum to lower the volume, which supports the earlier date. 
The group were surprised to see how small and technically basic the studio was, with only one microphone in the centre of the room. Phillips demanded that they pay for the recording before they set up the equipment, so each member paid 3 shillings and 6 pence, but he then asked for an extra surcharge (£1) to cover the cost of transferring the tape recording to acetate disc. As this was too expensive, Phillips said that for a cut-rate price they would not be taped first, but record directly to vinyl.
The first song they recorded was "That‘ll Be The Day" (sung by Lennon with harmonies by McCartney). Phillips wanted them to immediately record the next song, but Lennon and McCartney could not decide on a song for the B-side of the disc. McCartney suggested the doo-wop ballad, "In Spite of All the Danger" (by McCartney and Harrison, but sung by Lennon) even though Lowe and Hanton had never heard it before. They asked for some time to rehearse, but Phillips refused, saying, "For seventeen and six 17/6d you're not here all day". 
Lowe and Hanton busked through the song, which was cut short by Phillips waving his hands to indicate that the cutting needle was getting close to the centre of the acetate. He then handed the band a fragile 78rpm 10-inch acetate record. It was later lost until Lowe rediscovered it in 1981, and planned to put it up for auction at Sotheby's, but sold it to McCartney for an undisclosed amount. McCartney later had the two songs digitally re-mastered and pressed 50 copies, giving them to friends as a Christmas present, although the two songs were released on 21 November 1995, as part of "The Beatles Anthology" (Anthology 1). McCartney later said, "The strangest thing for me, listening to it, is that it's like drowning, it's like your life flashing by in front of you. From the earliest things by me and John when we used to sag off school and the earliest demo tape we ever made, to the first little record we made which was a version of John singing "That'll Be The Day", and a little song of mine Harrison on the other side that's never been released before."
Later years.
Other customers of Phillips' studio included The Swinging Blue Jeans, Brian Epstein, Freddie Starr, Willy Russell, Liverpool F.C. supporters club, and players from Everton F.C.. Denny Seyton and The Sabres recorded "Little Latin Lupe Lu" (Bill Medley) in the studio in 1963.
Phillips closed the studio in 1969, the record shop in 1974, and died in 1984, at the Royal Liverpool Hospital. The recording of The Quarrymen acetate and the site of Phillips' Sound Recording Services was commemorated in 26 August 2005, when a Blue Plaque was unveiled by two of The Quarrymen (Lowe and Hanton) on the front of the house.

</doc>
<doc id="18660990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18660990" title="Lubna Jaffery">
Lubna Jaffery

Lubna Jaffery (born 1980) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
Born in Norway to parents of Pakistani origin she grew up in Bergen. She took her secondary education in Åsane in 1999, and at the University of Bergen she took the cand.mag. degree in 2004 and the master's degree in 2007. She was an adviser in the Workers' Youth League in 2000, before becoming a central board member from 2000 to 2004. She had previously chaired the county branch from 1998 to 1999. Jaffery was a member of Bergen city council from 1999 to 2003 and Fjell municipal council from 2003 to 2007.
In 2008 Jaffery was appointed a political advisor in the Ministry of Labour and Social Inclusion. From March to October 2009 she was a political advisor in the Minister of Health and Care Services. From 2009 to 2012 she was a State Secretary in the Ministry of Culture as a part of Stoltenberg's Second Cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="18660991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18660991" title="Schecter C-1 Hellraiser FR">
Schecter C-1 Hellraiser FR

The Schecter C-1 Hellraiser FR is a guitar model made by Schecter Guitar Research.
The model properties include a mahogany body with a quilted maple top, an Original Floyd Rose and EMG active Humbucker pickups.
The 2008 models replaced the 81/85 pickup design to a 81TW/89 that enable coil splitting each pickup, they also introduced a new white design of the guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="18661004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661004" title="The New Quartet">
The New Quartet

The New Quartet is an album by Gary Burton.

</doc>
<doc id="18661007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661007" title="Black-Foxe Military Institute">
Black-Foxe Military Institute

The Black-Foxe Military Institute was a private school (kindergarten through twelfth grade) on both sides of Wilcox Ave. in Hollywood, adjacent to the Wilshire Country Club to the west and south and the Los Angeles Tennis Club to the east.
Black-Foxe was founded in 1928 by Charles E. Toberman, a Hollywood developer and financier, and Majors Earle Foxe and Harry Lee Black, both World War I veterans, on the site formerly occupied by Urban Military Academy, where Black had been commandant; Foxe was president, remaining in that post until 1960, Black commandant of cadets, and Major Harry Gaver headmaster. From the start the school attracted the sons of people involved in the movie industry, thanks to its location and Foxe's Hollywood connections. In 1954 Gaver died, and in 1959 Toberman sold the school to Raymond Rosendahl. In the early 1960s the name was changed to The Black-Foxe School. In 1965 Rosendahl sold the school to a nonprofit group that was unable to make a success of it, and in 1968 the mortgage holder foreclosed and Black-Foxe shut its doors.

</doc>
<doc id="18661020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661020" title="Aphomia sociella">
Aphomia sociella

The bee moth (Aphomia sociella) is a small moth of the family Pyralidae. It is native to Europe, but may be found synanthropically outside its original range.
The wingspan is . This moth flies from June to August in the temperate parts of its range, e.g. Belgium and The Netherlands.
The caterpillars feed on the honeycomb in bumblebee, bee and wasp nests.
Synonyms.
Time and again this species has been described as supposedly new, yielding a considerable number of alternate scientific names which are all invalid as junior synonyms nowadays:

</doc>
<doc id="18661024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661024" title="Pink jersey statistics">
Pink jersey statistics

Since the first Giro d'Italia in 1909, there have been 1,804 stages, up to and including stage 20 of the 2013 Giro d'Italia. Since 1931, the race leader following each stage has been awarded the pink jersey ().
Although the leader of the classification after a stage gets a pink jersey, he is not considered the winner of the pink jersey, only the wearer. Only after the final stage, the wearer of the pink jersey is considered the winner of the pink jersey, and thereby the winner of the Giro d'Italia.
In this article first-place-classifications before 1931 are also counted as if a pink jersey was awarded. Although the number of stages is 1,804, this does not mean that also 1,804 pink jerseys were awarded. In the 1912 Giro d'Italia, the race was contested by teams, so no individual cyclist got a jersey. Sometimes more cyclists were leading the classification (1925 after stages 2 and 3, 1929 after stage 2, 1936 after stage 6, 1938 after stages 2 and 3, 1957 after stage 18 and 1973 after the prologue. As a result of this, there have been more pink jerseys given than there were stages. As of 2013, 1,812 pink jerseys have been awarded in the Giro d'Italia to 245 different riders.
Individual records.
Key:
In previous Giri d'Italia, sometimes a stage was split in two. On such occasions, only the cyclist leading at the end of the day is counted. The "Jerseys" column gives the number of days that the cyclist "wore" the pink jersey, the "Giro wins" column gives the number of days that the cyclist "won" the pink jersey. The next four columns indicate the number of times the rider won the points classification, the King of the Mountains classification, and the young rider competition, and the years in which the pink jersey was worn, with bold years indicating an overall Giro win. For example: Eddy Merckx has spent 77 stages as leader of the race, won the general classification five times; won the points classification two times, won the mountains classification one time, and never won the young rider classification. He wore the pink jersey in the 1968, 1970, 1972, 1973, and 1974 editions of the race (which he all won) as well as 1969 (which he did not win).
After Alberto Contador was stripped from his victory in the 2011 Giro d'Italia, Michele Scarponi became the new winner.
Per country.
The pink jersey has been awarded to 21 different countries since 1903. In the table below, "Jerseys" indicates the number of pink jerseys that were given to cyclists of each country. "Giro wins" stands for the number of Giro wins by cyclists of that country, "Points" for the number of times the points classification was won by a cyclist of that country, "KoM" for the number of times the mountains classification was won by a cyclist of that country, and "White" for the number of times the young rider classification was won by a cyclist of that country.
The "Most recent" column shows the cyclist of the country that lead the general classification most recently. The "Different holders" column gives the number of different cyclists of the country that lead the general classification.

</doc>
<doc id="18661029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661029" title="Jan-Erik Støstad">
Jan-Erik Støstad

Jan-Erik Støstad (born 21 October 1953) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
In 2005, when the second cabinet Stoltenberg took office, Støstad was appointed State Secretary in the Ministry of Labour and Social Inclusion.
Having graduated in economics from the University of Oslo in 1978, he worked as a civil servant in the Ministry of Finance from 1979 to 2000 and in the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions from 2000 to 2005.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18661043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661043" title="Goodman Group">
Goodman Group

Goodman Group is an Australian integrated industrial property development and management company. 
The organisation was founded in 1989 as a private property trust focused on industrial properties, listing on the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) in 1995 as Goodman Hardie Industrial Property Trust. In 2000 the trust merged with Macquarie Industrial Trust and was renamed Macquarie Goodman Industrial Trust.
After a series of mergers, the organisation became known as the Macquarie Goodman Group in 2005, at the time the largest industrial property trust on the ASX and fourth largest in the ASX 200 property index.
In July 2007 the organisation was renamed to its present name, after Macquarie Bank sold its 7.7% interest almost a year earlier. Goodman is now the second largest industrial and business park property group in the world after it expanded its operations into Europe and Asia through a series of acquisitions.
As of June 2008, the group had 371 properties under management and 97 developments.

</doc>
<doc id="18661054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661054" title="Tsotso (magazine)">
Tsotso (magazine)

Described as "a magazine of new writing in Zimbabwe", Tsotso's mandate was to undermine the continued colonial domination of literature. It sought to create a platform where a new generation of Zimbabwean writers could give expression to their experiences through writing and create new contexts for the discussion, criticism and dissemination of their work.
The magazine bypassed traditional channels such as academics and foreign institutes, Tsotso's editorial team - T.O. Mcloughlin, F.R. Mhonyera, M.Mahiri, S. Nondo and H. Lewis - put out a call for submissions in popular mass media publications such as Parade and the Herald in 1990. The result was a flood of submissions, many by first time writers with little or no experience. "This is encouraging," read the editorial response in the second issue of Tsotso, "but a note of caution or at least advice is necessary to the young writer." This statement set the tone for what would become the magazine's strong pedagogic praxis.
Publishing poetry and prose in English and Shona but also in Ndebele, Tonga and Shangaan, Tsotso sought to rupture the separatist conceptions of black and white writing, oral and print poetry, Western academic and traditional forms that continued to dominate post-independence Zimbabwean literature. A culture of critical reading was advanced through regular reviews and analyses of contemporary and historical Zimbabwean writing, and editorial content was focused on encouraging writers to craft alternative kinds of expression that went beyond surface meaning, dominant myths and traditional clichés. The magazine also actively engaged new writers through regular workshops and writing competitions, the results of which often became the focus of the content.
Tsotso published irregularly throughout the 1990s. Its mandate was continued in the new millennium by organisations such as the BWAZ (Budding Writers association of Zimbabwe), which was founded out of a workshop organized by Tsotso and literary anthologies such as amaBooks' Short Writings From Bulawayo and Weaver Press' Writing Still and Writing Now.

</doc>
<doc id="18661094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661094" title="Libe Rieber-Mohn">
Libe Rieber-Mohn

Libe Solberg Rieber-Mohn (born 25 August 1965) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party. She is the Deputy Mayor of Oslo.
In 2005, when Jens Stoltenberg's second cabinet took office, she was appointed State Secretary in the Ministry of Labour and Social Inclusion. She kept this position until 2009.
On the local level she was a member of Oslo city council from 1987 to 1991, and chaired the local chapter of the Workers' Youth League. She has also been involved in local politics in Gamle Oslo.
She graduated as cand.sociol. from the University of Oslo in 1994, and worked as a research assistant at the Norwegian Institute for Social Research from 1994 to 1995.
She is married to Rune Bjerke.
Rieber-Mohn was the Labor party's candidate for governing mayor of Oslo in the 2011 local elections in Norway.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18661108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661108" title="Acrobasis tumidana">
Acrobasis tumidana

Acrobasis tumidana is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 19–24 mm. The moth flies in one generation from July to August .
The larvae feed on oak.

</doc>
<doc id="18661110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661110" title="Haga Church">
Haga Church

The Haga Church is an 1859 church located in Gothenburg, Sweden. It belongs to the parish of Haga in the Diocese of Gothenburg.
Construction of the church began in 1856 and was finished in 1859. The church and also the pulpit was designed by architect Adolf W. Edelsvärd.
Organs and organists.
The first organ was installed in 1861 by the Danish firm Marcussen & Søn for the price of 20 000 Swedish crowns. It was rebuilt in 1911 (pneumatic action) and 1945-1951 (electric action) by the Magnusson organ building firm. It was restored to close to original condition 2002-2004 by Åkerman & Lund.
The first organist of the church was Per Johan Ållander who was hired in 1861 and the first cantor was Carl H Olsson who was hired 1863.
A meantone organ by John Brombaugh was installed in the north balcony in 1991-1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18661117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661117" title="Lattice problem">
Lattice problem

In computer science, lattice problems are a class of optimization problems on lattices. The conjectured intractability of such problems is central to construction of secure lattice-based cryptosystems. For applications in such cryptosystems, lattices over vector spaces (often formula_1) or free modules (often formula_2) are generally considered.
For all the problems below, assume that we are given (in addition to other more specific inputs) a basis for the vector space "V" and a norm "N". The norms usually considered are "L"2. However, other norms (such as "L"p) are also considered and show up in a variety of results. Let formula_3 denote the length of the shortest non-zero vector in the lattice "L": formula_4.
Shortest vector problem (SVP).
In SVP, a basis of a vector space "V" and a norm "N" (often "L"2) are given for a lattice "L" and one must find the shortest non-zero vector in "V", as measured by "N", in "L". In other words, the algorithm should output a non-zero vector "v" such that formula_5.
In the formula_6-approximation version formula_7, one must find a non-zero lattice vector of length at most formula_8.
Known results.
The exact version of the problem is NP-hard.
Approach techniques: Lenstra–Lenstra–Lovász lattice basis reduction algorithm produces a "relatively short vector" in polynomial time, but does not solve the problem.
Kannan's HKZ basis reduction algorithm solves the problem in formula_9 time where n is the dimension.
Lastly, Schnorr presented a technique that interpolates between LLL and HKZ called Block Reduction. Block reduction works with HKZ bases and if the number of blocks is chosen to be larger than the dimension, the resulting algorithm Kannan's full HKZ basis reduction.
GapSVP.
The problem formula_10 consists of differentiating between the instances of SVP in which the answer is at most 1 or larger than formula_11, where formula_11 can be a fixed function of formula_13, the number of vectors. Given a basis for the lattice, the algorithm must decide whether formula_14 or formula_15. Like other promise problems, the algorithm is allowed to err on all other cases.
Yet another version of the problem is formula_16 for some functions formula_17. The input to the algorithm is a basis formula_18 and a number formula_19. It is assured that all the vectors in the Gram–Schmidt orthogonalization are of length at least 1, and that formula_20 and that formula_21 where formula_13 is the dimension. The algorithm must accept if formula_23, and reject if formula_24. For large formula_25 (formula_26), the problem is equivalent to formula_27 because a preprocessing done using the LLL algorithm makes the second condition (and hence, formula_25) redundant.
Closest vector problem (CVP).
In CVP, a basis of a vector space "V" and a metric "M" (often "L"2) are given for a lattice "L", as well as a vector "v" in "V" but not necessarily in "L". It is desired to find the vector in "L" closest to "v" (as measured by "M"). In the formula_6-approximation version formula_30, one must find a lattice vector at distance at most formula_6.
Relationship with SVP.
The closest vector problem is a generalization of the shortest vector problem. It is easy to show that given an oracle for formula_30 (defined below), one can solve formula_7 by making some queries to the oracle. The naive method to find the shortest vector by calling the formula_30 oracle to find the closest vector to 0 does not work because 0 is itself a lattice vector and the algorithm could potentially output 0.
The reduction from formula_7 to formula_30 is as follows: Suppose that the input to the formula_7 problem is the basis for lattice formula_38 and let formula_39 be the vector returned by formula_40. The claim is that the shortest vector in the set formula_41 is the shortest vector in the given lattice.
Known results.
Goldreich et al. showed that any hardness of SVP implies the same hardness for CVP. Using PCP tools, Arora et al. showed that CVP is hard to approximate within factor formula_42 unless formula_43. Dinur et al. strengthened this by giving a NP-hardness result with formula_44 for formula_45.
Sphere decoding.
The algorithm for CVP, especially the Fincke and Pohst variant, have been used, for example, for data detection in multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) wireless communication systems (for coded and uncoded signals)
. It is called "sphere decoding".
It has been applied in the field of the integer ambiguity resolution of carrier-phase GNSS (GPS)
. It is called "LAMBDA method" in that field.
GapCVP.
This problem is similar to the GapSVP problem. For formula_46, the input consists of a lattice basis and a vector formula_47 and the algorithm must answer whether
Known results.
The problem is trivially contained in NP for any approximation factor.
Schnorr, in 1987, showed that deterministic polynomial time algorithms can solve the problem for formula_51. Ajtai et al. showed that probabilistic algorithms can achieve a slightly better approximation factor of formula_52
In 1993, Banaszczyk showed that formula_53 is in formula_54. In 2000, Goldreich and Goldwasser showed that formula_55 puts the problem in both NP and coAM. In 2005, Aharonov and Regev showed that for some constant formula_56, the problem with formula_57 is in formula_54.
For lower bounds, Dinur et al. showed in 1998 that the problem is NP-hard for formula_59.
Shortest independent vectors problem (SIVP).
Given a lattice L of dimension n, the algorithm must output n linearly independent formula_60 so that formula_61 where the right hand side considers all basis formula_62 of the lattice.
In the formula_6-approximate version, given a lattice L with dimension n, find n linearly independent vectors formula_64 of length max ||formula_65|| ≤ formula_66, where formula_67 is the formula_13'th successive mininum of formula_69.
Bounded distance decoding.
This problem is similar to CVP. Given a vector such that its distance from the lattice is at most formula_70, the algorithm must output the closest lattice vector to it.
Covering radius problem.
Given a basis for the lattice, the algorithm must find the largest distance (or in some versions, its approximation) from any vector to the lattice.
Shortest basis problem.
Many problems become easier if the input basis consists of short vectors. An algorithm that solves the Shortest Basis Problem (SBP) must, given a lattice basisformula_18, output an equivalent basis formula_72 such that the length of the longest vector in formula_72 is as short as possible.
The approximation version formula_74 problem consist of finding a basis whose longest vector is at most formula_6 times longer than the longest vector in the shortest basis.
Use in cryptography.
Average case hardness of problems forms a basis for proofs-of-security for most cryptographic schemes. However, experimental evidence suggests that most NP-hard problems lack this property: they are probably only worst case hard. Many lattice problems have been conjectured or proven to be average-case hard, making them an attractive class of problems to base cryptographic schemes on. Moreover, worst-case hardness of some lattice problems have been used to create secure cryptographic schemes. The use of worst-case hardness in such schemes makes them among the very few schemes that are very likely secure even against quantum computers.
The above lattice problems are easy to solve if the algorithm is provided with a "good" basis. Lattice reduction algorithms aim, given a basis for a lattice, to output a new basis consisting of relatively short, nearly orthogonal vectors. The LLL algorithm was an early efficient algorithm for this problem which could output an almost reduced lattice basis in polynomial time. This algorithm and its further refinements were used to break several cryptographic schemes, establishing its status as a very important tool in cryptanalysis. The success of LLL on experimental data led to a belief that lattice reduction might be an easy problem in practice. However, this belief was challenged when in the late 1990s, several new results on the hardness of lattice problems were obtained, starting with the result of Ajtai.
In his seminal papers, Ajtai showed that the SVP problem was NP-hard and discovered some connections between the worst-case complexity and average-case complexity of some lattice problems. Building on these results, Ajtai and Dwork created a public-key cryptosystem whose security could be proven using only the worst case hardness of a certain version of SVP, thus making it the first result to have used worst-case hardness to create secure systems.

</doc>
<doc id="18661122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661122" title="National Communications Commission">
National Communications Commission

The National Communications Commission of the Republic of China (NCC; ) is responsible for regulating the development of the communications and information industry, promoting competition, consumer protection, licensing, radio frequency, spectrum, broadcasting, content regulation, communications standards and specifications in the Republic of China. The commission is an independent statutory agency of the Executive Yuan. The current Chairman is Howard S.H. Shyr.
The agency is similar to the FCC which regulates and promotes competition in civil communications market in the United States.
History.
The NCC is a relatively new independent statutory agency created on February 22, 2006 to regulate the information, communications and broadcasting industry in Taiwan.
NCC was tasked with the responsibility to ensure a level playing field in competition in the communications industry, consumer protection, privacy rights, and the development of universal service for remote and rural regions. It also develop new standards for emerging technologies that will improve access, lower cost and deliver services to remote areas.
Departmental Structure.
The agency has a total of seven full-time commissioners serving on three-year tenures. The commissioners elect a Chairperson and vice chairperson to lead the agency.
The agency also includes a law enforcement section designated by the Ministry of Interior.

</doc>
<doc id="18661130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661130" title="Public Employees Federation">
Public Employees Federation

The Public Employees Federation is an American union representing 55,599 professional, scientific, and technical public employees in the state of New York. The union (known by its acronym, PEF) is one of the largest local white-collar unions in the United States and is New York's second-largest state-employee union. PEF also represents employees who work in private-sector jobs and local government agencies. The union publishes "The Communicator", a newsletter with a 2007 distribution of 70,000, on a monthly basis.
Origins.
In 1971, 61-year-old George Hardy was elected president of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU). Under Hardy, SEIU's health care and public employee divisions saw rapid growth. Much of the membership growth, however, came through affiliation rather than new member organizing. Hardy viewed the fast-growing American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) as SEIU's chief competitor. AFSCME had grown from a mere 100,000 members in 1951 to 500,000 members in 1972, and had elected a dynamic and aggressive new leader, 45-year-old Jerry Wurf, in 1964. Not only was AFSCME's growth substantial, its demographics matched those of SEIU's: At least two-thirds of the rival union's members were blue-collar workers, and a fifth of them worked in hospitals and nursing homes. To counter AFSCME's rapid growth, Hardy adopted a strategy of affiliating existing unions rather than organizing unorganized workers. Between 1971 and 1980, SEIU affiliated 22 independent unions. Merger and affiliation accounted for 230,000 new members from 1971 to 1985, and virtually all of the union's growth from 1980 to 1984.
One of SEIU's major growth spurts came in 1978, when it raided the Civil Service Employees Association (CSEA). In existence since 1910, CSEA had won representation rights for New York State's 140,000 public employees after the state passed a public employee collective bargaining law in 1968. Structured like an association rather than a union, CSEA hesitated to engage in militant labor action or strike, and yet it had a rocky relationship with the state: The union struck for two days at the beginning of April 1972 and won a 5.5 percent pay hike. But the strike and dissatisfaction with CSEA's leadership led some CSEA members to ask for representation by SEIU. With Hardy's strong backing, the newly formed union was able to gather enough signatures on petitions to trigger a representational vote in two of the four units where workers were represented by CSEA, but SEIU lost the vote by a 3-to-1 margin in December 1972. A second strike planned by CSEA leaders was called off after delegates overwhelmingly repudiated a strike resolution supported by the union's leaders. The internal strife led SEIU to once again challenge CSEA for a large unit of New York State public employees. In an election held December 5, 1975, an SEIU-led coalition which included the American Federation of Teachers (AFT), the Laborers' International Union of North America, the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, and several building trades unions was defeated by CSEA, 10,858 to 10,348 with 1,015 voting for neither union. With neither side winning a majority, a second election was held the first week of February 1976, which CSEA won (14,321 to 10,184).
But Hardy continued to raid CSEA. CSEA leaders initially sought protection by affiliating with AFSCME. Article 20 of the AFL-CIO constitution prohibits affiliates from raiding one another's members, and an affiliation with AFSCME would have won CSEA relief from the raids. But CSEA delegates formally barred their leaders from seeking an affiliation with AFSCME in March 1976. CSEA's contract with the state of New York expired in 1977. Although CSEA leaders once more proposed a strike, the union settled for a 14 percent pay raise in April 1977. Hardy, convinced SEIU could successfully raid CSEA, conducted secret polls which showed that deep unrest in the professional, scientific, and technical (PS&T) unit. Working only with the AFT, SEIU once more obtained enough petitions to challenge CSEA representation in the PS&T unit. The raid was successful, and the coalition (known as the Public Employees Federation) won, 15,062 to 12,259. Hardy and AFT leader Albert Shanker hoped to raid CSEA further, but CSEA affiliated with AFSMCE on April 21, 1978. The affiliation made AFSCME the largest affiliate in the AFL-CIO.
CSEA challenged the SEIU/AFT coalition's victory, however. CSEA attorneys alleged that nearly 5,000 of the signatures on the petition forcing an election were fraudulent. A New York Supreme Court (the state's trial court of general jurisdiction) initially dismissed the suit, but it was reinstated by a state appellate court. As the lawsuit progressed, CSEA won a new three-year contract which included a 7 percent pay hike in the first year. But the new union, now called the Public Employees Federation, ultimately prevailed in the New York Court of Appeals (the highest court in the state of New York) on March 28, 1979. PEF subsequently negotiated a controversial contract which gave union members a 36 percent pay increase over three years. Submitted to the members without the approval of PEF's executive council, the contract was overwhelmingly approved by PEF members on December 6, 1979.
History.
Kraemer presidency.
PEF's first president, John J. Kraemer, served a single, turbulent term in office. He was accused of being a "no-show" employee at his previous position with the New York State Department of Labor, but was exonerated of the charges. He also had been accused and found innocent of being paid a salary from both PEF and state. As his legal troubles continued, Kraemer focused on negotiating the union's second contract. Pensions were a major issue for the union. In 1976, the state enacted a new pension plan under which state employees paid income taxes on their mandatory contribution to the state pension plan, which PEF claimed forced workers to pay taxes on income they may never receive. Although the agreement ratified in March 1982 did not address the pension issue, the contract negotiated by Kraemer won pay raises of 9 percent the first year and 8 percent the next two years in exchange for a reduction in the number of sick days given to employees.
Kraemer lost re-election in 1982 to Elizabeth Hoke. The 1,100-member Statewide Coalition for a Democratic Union (SCDU), at the time PEF's only organized "political party," had formed to challenge Kraemer and support Hoke. The election was a bitter one, with Hoke accusing Kraemer of poor leadership.
Hoke presidency.
When Hoke assumed the presidency, she found the union was more than $400,000 in debt. An investigation found that Kraemer had embezzled funds from the union. Kraemer pled guilty to the charges in early 1987.
Hoke's presidency was in some ways dissimilar to Kraemer's. Unlike Kraemer, Hoke took a low-key approach to the PEF presidency, rarely seeking the media spotlight or public attention. But her presidency suffered several scandals as well. In 1984, Hoke revoked the union leave of PEF's three statewide vice presidents, a move which was very controversial among PEF members. Later that year, she was accused of using her PEF credit card for personal expenses. Hoke also sued to sever PEF's dual affiliation with the AFT and SEIU, claiming the two unions held too much power over PEF and provided little services in return. The suit was unsuccessful.
Contract negotiations in 1985 were particularly contentious. PEF was especially critical of a state proposal to restructure the state employee health insurance program. Mediators had to be called in to help settle the contract. PEF settled for 5 percent pay raises in each of the contract's three years and an accidental-death benefit. Hoke failed to win re-election in 1985 due to member dissatisfaction with 1985 contract. SCDU withdrew its support for Hoke and actively supported challenge Rand Condell.
Condell presidency.
Rand Condell struggled to bring some organizational stability to PEF. In 1986, he settled a lawsuit against PEF by the New York State United Teachers (NYSUT) and the AFT. NYSUT and the AFT had claimed that PEF had underpaid dues for half its membership since its inception, leading to a $10 million to $12 million underpayment. In the settlement, PEF withdrew as an affiliate of NYSUT (AFT's state federation in New York) and the AFT agreed to reimburse NYSUT for the services NYSUT had rendered to PEF. In return, PEF agreed to pay increase per capita dues payments for half its members by 71 percent (to $72 from $42) and remit the higher dues payments to the AFT. The NYSUT disaffiliation saved PEF $3.5 million a year, but increased PEF's dues to the AFT by $600,000 a year.
To cover the cost of the higher payments to the AFT, Condell sought a large dues increase from PEF members. Condell proposed raising dues on a sliding scale, with its lowest-paid members incurring a 14 percent dues increase while its highest-paid members saw a 55 percent dues increase. The dues hikes would be the first since the last year of Kraemer's presidency. Although Condell expected easy passage of the dues hike, the proposal did not win the 60 percent majority needed at the PEF convention in October 1986. Condell immediately resubmitted the dues proposal to members two days later, and it easily passed (leading to an average increase of $4.08 per member per month, giving the union about $2.8 million more each year). The extra dues allowed PEF to build a new headquarters in Latham, New York.
During his first term in office, Condell fought the state on a number of issues. The need for higher pensions continued to rank high on the union's agenda. The union also fought large layoffs of state workers, particularly at the New York State Department of Labor. But much of the union's attention was focused on a major battle in 1987 over pay equity. The governor had proposed and the state legislature had approved a plan to give more than 42,600 state workers (about 5,000 of whom were PEF members) retroactive pay increases to make up for disparities with private-sector pay, lower wages given to women, and work in hazardous occupations. PEF filed a grievance against the pay plan, arguing that it downgraded some of the occupational titles of its members. PEF reacted angrily when the pay equity increase subsequently went through for all state workers except those belonging to PEF. Condell then negotiated an agreement preventing any job title downgrades, and the pay increase for PEF members went through in September 1987.
As Condell's first term ended, he promised to push for "substantial" pay raises in the union's upcoming contract negotiations even as his opponents attacked him for concentrating authority in staff hands and for poor leadership. Nonetheless, he was challenged for the SCDU endorsement by Michael Keenan, president of PEF's largest division. Condell defeated Keenan, 388 to 275. Nonetheless, a new political party, the Committee for Independent Officers, arose and successfully contended for four of the six seats for state vice president, regional coordinator, and trustee (including among its winning candidates future PEF presidents Howard Shafer and Roger Benson). To firm up his political position, Condell called for a two- rather than three-year contract, with a 7 percent pay rise in each year. Even when CSEA settled for a three-year agreement with salary increases of 5 percent, 5.5 percent, and 5.5 percent in each of its three years, Condell continued to push for 7 percent. But health insurance, not pay, ended up being the biggest stumbling block. The state declared an impasse in mid June (10 weeks after PEF's contract had expired), and mediators were called in. Without the mediators' help, however, Condell reached a three-year agreement on July 11 with the same pay structure achieved by CSEA and no improvements in health benefits.
On July 20, 1988, PEF won its first private-sector representation election (for workers at the New York City branch of Narcotic and Drug Research Inc.—a contractor for the state).
Condell barely survived a serious political challenge to his presidency in 1989. PEF spent much of the year fighting layoffs. Convinced that PEF would be fighting layoffs the following year as well, Condell proposed raising dues 26.6 percent ($5.28 a month) to build a public relations and legal war chest. But PEF leaders balked at submitting the dues increase to the membership. PEF's 127-member executive board refused to recommend Condell's dues hike to the membership, but agreed to submit the plan to a vote anyway. The leadership of PEF's Capitol District (its largest region) floated their own plan for a dues increase at a much lower level, and observers concluded that if Condell lost the dues vote at the upcoming PEF convention in October he would probably not be able to win re-election in 1991. PEF members did indeed reject Condell's proposal for a dues increase (twice), but also refused to approval six other plans for a dues increase offered by leaders of the Capitol District as well as others. After extensive parliamentary maneuvering (which some PEF members claimed was illegal), Condell was able to win approval of his original dues proposal.
Condell's support within the union evaporated throughout 1990, and Condell fought the state over early retirement, hiring freezes, large layoffs, furloughs, and a state plan which withheld a week's pay from workers until they retired. In this difficult employment environment, the PEF contract expired. Negotiations with the state stalemated in March 1991, the state declared an impasse, and an arbitrator was named in April.
Condell was challenged for the PEF presidency by Howard Shafer. Shafer, supported by the Team for a Stronger Membership caucus, ran a full slate of candidates and accused Condell of poor leadership and embracing Governor Mario Cuomo too strongly. The election was a bitter one, and Shafer contended Condell was using the union's monthly newsmagazine to promote his candidcacy On June 26, 1991, after record turnout, Shafer defeated Condell 3 to 1 (12,948 to 7,963, a margin of victory that surprised both candidates), and Shafer's entire ticket was swept into office.
Scandal struck the union again in Condell's final days in office. Condell signed an agreement which would give his senior aides lucrative severance payments worth thousands of dollars each if they were fired by Shafer. After a half hour of debate, the PEF executive board overturned the severance agreements on Shafer's first day in office.
Shafer presidency.
At first, the expired contract Shafer inherited did not seem an intractable problem. In December 1991, PEF members ratified a contractual change to their health plan which was seen as a referendum on Shafer's leadership. But negotiations for the expiring PEF contract soon broke down, a legislative fact-finding panel was imposed on the talks, and the state proposed eliminating nearly 14,000 public sector jobs. Finally, the governor set a June 25 deadline for resolving any contract talks. PEF held out. But when other unions settled their contracts, PEF wanted the same deal and didn't get it. The state legislature adjourned without enacting any PEF contract, although it was on the verge of passing a law requiring binding arbitration between the state and PEF. The lack of a contract created a crisis for many PEF members. Nearly 153,000 PEF workers and their family members lost their prescription drug, dental care, and vision care benefits in September 1992. The governor urged both sides to bargain as the benefits crisis worsened, although a state judge later ordered the benefits restored through the end of calendar year 1992.
As the state laid off public workers, PEF's membership dropped from 59,000 to 55,000 members, depriving the union of $1 million in dues revenue. Vacant positions on PEF's staff were eliminated or went unfilled (angering members, who felt the brunt of the grievance and service cuts), and officers took salary cuts. PEF members accused Shafer of playing politics with the staff cuts by jettisoning staff positions filled by his political opponents, and the PEF executive board retaliated by dismissing Roger Benson (one of Shafer's closest aides). The internal dissent became so bad that alleged assaults, racially inflammatory fliers, and accusations of financial fraud occurred at the SEIU Convention which PEF delegates attended in May 1992. Some PEF members began circulating decertification petitions, and Shafer's political opponents formed a new caucus (Members United for a Responsible Union) to run a slate of candidates against him in 1994.
The bargaining atmosphere deteriorated throughout the remainder of 1992. The state's chief negotiator said he would wait for the legislative fact-finding panel's recommendation, Shafer implied he might oppose a proposed bond measure which would help fund state jobs, and Shafer accused the governor of releasing private confidential negotiating information to PEF members without the union's consent. At PEF's convention in October 1992, Members United for a Responsible Union leafletted against Shafer, accused him of neglecting members' needs and trying to curry favor with the AFT. Although the legislature passed a mandatory binding arbitration bill, the governor vetoed the legislation. Now looking at two years without a new contract, Shafer hired Theodore W. Kheel, a well-known labor negotiator, to help the union win a new pact.
PEF reached a new contract with the state in March 1993. Although the state's chief negotiation withdrew the state's last contract offer at the end of February, the governor personally put it back on the table. Shafer quickly agreed to the pact, which included a 9.5 percent salary increase over four years that was retroactive to April 1, 1991; moved PEF members into the state's health insurance pool; and ended PEF's lawsuit over the state's decision to defer a week's pay until each member retired. Although the PEF executive board voted to recommend the contract to PEF's members, those who voted "no" on the pact argued that PEF had achieved less than other unions, that the deal traded concessions for pay increases, and that the money spent on Kheel's consulting contract had gotten the union nothing better than what had been offered months before. The board meeting was a raucous one, with alleged physical confrontations, a "Dump Shafer" movement hanging banners near the entrance, rumors of decertification, and proposals for PEF to abandon its independence and join either SEIU or AFT. Members of PEF voted 28,774 to 7,281 to ratify the new four-year contract on May 12, 1993.
Shafer was defeated for re-election as PEF president by James Sheedy in June 1994. Although Shafer and Sheedy had originally been on the same political slate three years earlier, the relationship between the two men had deteriorated into a chilly civility in which they communicated with one another largely via memo (despite having offices next door to one another). The margin of victory was 388 votes, the slimmest margin in the union's 15-year history. Sheedy's entire slate also narrowly edged out the Shafer slate's candidates.
Sheedy presidency.
Sheedy spent much of his first two years in office as his predecessors did—fighting large layoffs of state workers. Governor George Pataki vetoed legislation improving pensions, threatened to shut down state government and furlough all non-essential workers if the legislature didn't approve his budget, attempted to close state-run health care facilities, and cut more than 5,500 state jobs. In this difficult negotiating climate, Sheedy re-negotiated PEF's expiring contract in April 1995. He agreed to the same financial package won by CSEA a month earlier: A four-year contract with a 3.5 percent salary increase in 1997 and 1998, and one-time bonuses in 1996 and 1997; a change in civil service definitions which would permit PEF workers to transfer more easily to other jobs and retain their salary levels; and no expiration date for the union's benefit packages. Additional job cuts occurred in 1996 and 1997, totalling 20,000 state workers. The state offered early retirement again to many employees. When the state pension fund showed a surplus, Sheedy found himself caught between two opposing factions of PEF members: Use the funds to lower pension contribution costs from current members, or give the surplus to retiree members as a cost-of-living increase.
Sheedy was more successful on other issues. He signed the union's first agreement with the state to provide domestic partner benefits in September 1994. He fiercely fought a move to consolidate state information technology workers at sites the union felt were hazardous. PEF also won a federal lawsuit requiring the state to pay millions of dollars in overtime to PEF members, and reinstated the lawsuit in state court after the state appealed.
Sheedy also undertook the union's first large-scale organizing campaigns since its formation. AFT, one of PEF's parent unions, assigned a full-time national organizer to help PEF organize health care workers in the private sector who worked for potential state contractors. But this plan backfired politically. In 1996, PEF won an election for 42 paraprofessional health care workers working for a private contractor at the Coxsackie Correctional Facility. This organizing drive was highly criticized by Sheedy's political opponents, who claimed the union's executive board did not approve the organizing effort and who argued that PEF should only be organizing professional (not paraprofessional) workers.
Sheedy also fought openly with the PEF staff union. Ninety-six of PEF's 120 staff belonged to Local 9265 of the United Steelworkers of America and had been working without a contract for nine months by March 1996. The staff union complained that PEF refused to negotiate over layoffs and downsizing, demanded a 10 percent pay raise (with differential pay for downstate workers), and several position upgrades. Roger Benson, former chief of staff under PEF President Howard Shafer, supported the staff union publicly and strongly criticized Sheedy for his poor labor relations. PEF and its staff union finally settled their contract dispute in June 1996. The staff union won 3.5 percent pay increases in 1998 and 1999 and lump-sum bonuses paid in 1996 and 1997, enhancements to the dental plan, and concessions on the prescription drug plan and seniority rights.
Sheedy's re-election campaign was a difficult, and ultimately unsuccessful, one. Beginning in the spring of 1996, Roger Benson began putting together a statewide organization ("Members First") and publishing an alternative newsletter. Benson put together a full slate of officers and formally launched his campaign at PEF's October 1996 convention. Benson announced a four-part platform: 1) Establishment of a PEF department focused on protecting employment security; 2) Budgeting substantial resources to enforce the Civil Service merit system; 3) Employment of a full-time professional contract negotiator; and 4) Elimination of officer perks. A third candidate, Jim Israel (a PEF shop steward), entered the race in January 1997 but withdrew when he was unable to obtain enough signatures to secure his nomination. Benson's slate of candidates included Jane Hallum (a computer programmer) for secretary-treasurer and future PEF president Kenneth Brynien as an executive board member. Sheedy and Benson battled over the state pension surplus, and engage in a letter-to-the-editor war in the newspapers. Benson promised not to raise dues and re-open union offices, while Sheedy admitted a dues hike might be necessary in 1999. In June 1997, Benson defeated Sheedy by a vote of 11,407 to 8,956.
Benson presidency.
Roger Benson made immediate changes in the way PEF conducted its business. He dismissed six staff members and returned to having two administrators share duties over the daily operation of the union. He also named two close associates to the staff, and criticized the decision of the Sheedy-led executive board for enhancing the staff's severance packages. Local newspapers called the changes "bloodletting", and reported that additional layoffs were likely to come.
Among PEF's major political initiatives at this time were a cost-of-living increase for worker pensions. Benson also said he would seek improvements to job security; accrual (rather than use-or-lose) for overtime, sick leave, and vacation; eliminate tiers in the pension plan; seek an end to penalties for early retirement; new workplace safety protections; an increase in the size of the state workforce; and new restrictions on contracting out. The state replied that it would seek a four-year wage freeze. Angered by the state's response in a time of budget surpluses, Benson led PEF workers in an extensive lobbying effort. He also said PEF would seek a three-year rather than four-year contract, and 5 percent per year wage increases. Benson also replaced the union's top negotiator in order to adopt a more aggressive stand with the state. The state countered with a 3 percent per year salary increase over four years, coupled with new restrictions on time off for union business, higher health care costs, and new worktime reporting requirements (all of which PEF rejected). At a rally at the state capital on January 5, 2000, some 5,000 (state estimate) to 25,000 (PEF estimate) workers peacefully confronted 25 Albany police and 300 New York State troopers. PEF revised its wage offer to 12 percent over three years. Benson accused the state in March 2000 of dragging out the negotiations, and began a statewide radio advertising campaign against the governor. In April, PEF accepted a contract with the New York State Canal Corporation with a 3 percent per year salary hike. Days later, after another state union accepted a contract containing a 13.6 percent raise over four years, about 2,000 PEF members held a noisy rally outside the governor's offices demanding faster negotiations. Two weeks afterward, PEF agreed to end its advertising campaign and rallies as a spur to negotiations. A week later, Governor George Pataki agreed to wage and pension COLAs. A tentative agreement reached on June 10, 2000, incorporated a 13 percent wage hike over four years, rejected the new working time data collection methods, and imposed slight increases in member health care payments. Union members approved the contract by a vote of 33,899 to 2,876.
Benson revealed a financial scandal in the union during his first term in office. In July 1999, PEF sued former president James Sheedy and other former officers for allegedly embezzling more than $62,000 from the union. The union's lawsuit said the officers reimbursed themselves financially for sick leave they never took. But the PEF executive board retroactively approved the sick leave buybacks in a private meeting in August 1999, forcing Benson to drop the lawsuit. Nonetheless, former PEF Secretary-Treasurer Patricia Ford was convicted of bribery in June 2003.
Benson was re-elected without opposition in late 2000. He and his slate of officers were easily renominated, while an opponent received only 17 of the necessary 4,998 signatures needed to run for office. During Benson's second term, several PEF members died during the September 11 attacks on New York City. Of the 300 PEF members who worked in the World Trade Center, 34 were killed in the attack.
One of PEF's larger campaigns during Benson's time in office was fighting health care cutbacks in New York state. For several years, the union protested against staff layoffs and the closure of hospitals and other health care facilities. PEF also sought increases in the number of health care workers on staff, an end to mandatory overtime, and minimum worker-to-patient staffing ratios.
Benson was re-elected without opposition to a third term in 2003, the first time any PEF president had been elected to a third term.
Benson immediately entered into negotiations for a new contract after his re-election. Initially, PEF had hopes for easier contract negotiations after Governor Pataki fulfilled a promise to give PEF members three additional days of sick leave per year. But after working without a contract for a year, PEF members found that Pataki proposed contract concessions in order to bring the state's budget into balance. In March 2004, after CSEA agreed to a four-year contract with an average 2.85 percent wage increase each year, Benson denounced Pataki's offer of 1 percent per year to PEF members and a cap on state contributions to the employee pension fund. Once again, methods for accounting for working time became a major sticking point in the negotiations, with Benson characterizing this as a "deal-breaker." But in July 2004, PEF agreed to a new four-year contract which included salary increases of $800 in the first year; 2.5 percent, 2.75 percent, and 3 percent salary increases in the last three years; and a new "locality pay" increase for workers in the mid-Hudson Valley region (where the cost of living was significantly higher than surrounding areas).
In February 2005, Benson declined to run for a fourth term in 2006.
One of the final achievements of the Benson presidency was enactment of legislation requiring the state to disclose the number and amount of money spent on private contractors. PEF began its campaign in the fall of 2005, and Governor Pataki signed the legislation in March 2006.
Brynien presidency.
Kenneth Brynien was elected PEF president over Michael Del Piano on June 27, 2006, by a vote of 7,874 to 7,024 (a margin of 850 votes, or 5.8 percent). Brynien said a major goal of his presidency would be to enhance PEF's legislative efforts in the state capital.
Brynien and the union confronted a state proposal to close or merge several state-owned hospitals and other health care facilities during his first year in office. A state commission first proposed the plan in November 2006. Brynien and PEF strongly opposed the plan, claiming it would harm patients and lead to lower levels of care. PEF's parent union, SEIU, said it would not oppose the plan. PEF began a series of public protests and a legislative lobbying effort to prevent the closures and mergers. It also sued to prevent the plan from being implemented.
Brynien negotiated a new collective bargaining agreement for PEF in 2008. Negotiations for the new contract were short and generated almost no public notice. The four-year contract's terms, which were retroactive to April 2007 (the date the old agreement expired), included an average 4 percent wage increase per year, higher pay for employees working in or near New York City, new health insurance benefits, and improved educational benefits. About two-thirds of PEF members voted in contract approval balloting, with the pact receiving 97 approval for those who did vote.
During Brynien's first term as president, PEF also won a long-sought ban on mandatory overtime. Legislation on the issue was introduced in May 2007, and on June 18, 2008, Governor David Paterson signed into law a ban on mandatory overtime in state facilities.
Three months later, PEF successfully lobbied the state legislature to provide for permanent collection of union dues and a "fair share" provision in the dues structure. Under prior New York State law, the state was required to collect dues on PEF's behalf (through the state's payroll system) and forward these monies to the union. Non-members were not required to pay dues to the union, even though the union was required by law to represent these workers. This law required renewal every two years. PEF had long sought a permanent version of the law, one which enacted a "fair share" provision requiring non-members to pay a portion of dues (for the services they received). The state legislature finally passed just such a law in July 2008, and it was signed into law by Governor Paterson.
PEF also became embroiled in major battles with Governor Paterson over the state budget, which occupied much of the remainder of Brynien's first term and the first few years of his second. When the late-2000s recession severely depressed New York state tax revenues, Paterson demanded that PEF and other state employee unions re-open their contracts and adopt a wage freeze and other concessions to help the state balance its budget. PEF refused. PEF countered by suggesting a program of early retirement, which lawmakers began discussing. PEF also demanded that the state cut the number of independent contractors working for the state, arguing that New York could save up to $700 million by reducing the number of contractors or reducing payments to them. PEF also urged the state to adopt higher taxes on the very wealthy and for-profit health maintenance organizations, which the legislature did. Governor Paterson, determined to achieve spending cuts, ordered the layoff of more than 8,900 state workers on March 24, 2009. Brynien and other PEF leaders were deeply angered by Paterson's proposal. Led by PEF, the state's public employee unions produced television commercials and newspaper advertisements depicting Paterson with his fingers in his ears and unwilling to listen to voters. "The New York Times" said that attacks were some "of the nastiest and most personal against a governor in memory ... rare even by Albany's relaxed standards of political decorum." Brynien said Paterson should be faulted for forcing the unions into such an aggressive stand. Brynien also announced PEF would sue the state to prevent the layoffs from occurring. In response, Paterson said he would not lay off any workers if the state's unions agreed to a pension plan ("Tier V") for new workers that would provide much lower benefits. PEF reached an agreement with the governor under which Paterson agreed not to lay off workers in exchange for a $20,000 bonus to 4,000 highly paid workers if they retired early within the next year; the abolition of 2,500 vacant jobs; the creation of a new tier in the pension system which would save $440 million over two years; and the introduction of a plan for workers to voluntarily cut back their working hours.
Brynien was re-elected as PEF's president in June 2009 after no opposition candidate emerged.
In October 2009, PEF also fought a campaign to prevent the state from ordering the mandatory vaccination of thousands of state health care workers against the H1N1 flu virus (popularly known as the "swine flu"). The state ordered the mandatory vaccinations on September 30, 2009. Brynien and other PEF leaders demanded that the state make the vaccinations voluntary, arguing that the mass vaccination plan did not provide for exemptions for worker safety, such as pregnant women or those with severe allergies; the vaccine had not yet been properly tested for safety; and the vaccine did not provide enough protection to outweigh the invasion of civil rights. PEF sued, and on October 15 a state court agreed and imposed a temporary injunction preventing implementation of the plan. The state withdrew its plan a week later.
Six months after the pension deal was reached, however, Governor Paterson announced he would seek to prevent PEF members from receiving their scheduled 4 percent salary increase and seek furloughs of state workers to help close yet another budget deficit. Paterson raised the issues of furloughs in mid-August, just two months after the pension deal was reached. PEF countered once again by arguing that the state spent $3 billion a year on 23,000 consultants at a cost that was 62 percent higher than hiring a permanent worker. On April 1, 2010, Paterson demanded that PEF forgo its scheduled wage hike, but PEF refused to do so. About a week later, Paterson withheld the pay increase unilaterally, leading to strong denunciations by the union. Two weeks later, Paterson announced he would seek to furlough half the state's workforce one day a week for the rest of the year in addition to the wage freeze, and the state legislature appeared ready to agree to the plan. PEF began a legislative lobbying effort, but the legislature approved the furloughs. PEF and other unions sued to overturn the pay freeze and furloughs, and a federal district court temporarily prevented the state from implementing the furlough plan on May 11, 2010. The court also ordered the state to restore the wage increase. The court made the injunction permanent about two weeks later.
Governor Paterson then proposed laying off 10,000 state workers on January 1, 2011 (the day after his no-layoff pledge with the unions expired)—a plan PEF also opposed.
On June 1, 2010, during the height of the tension created by the fiscal crisis, "The New York Post" ran an article revealing that Ken Brynien had enjoyed an increase in salary of $25,000 annually from $112,440 in 2008 to $137,622 in 2010.
Kent presidency.
On June 25, 2012, Susan Kent, a credentialing specialist at the New York State Education Department, defeated Ken Brynien, 8,739 to 7,562. Roughly a third of all eligible PEF members cast votes. Carlos Garcia, a member of Kent's "NY Union Proud" slate, defeated PEF Secretary-Treasurer Joe Fox, 8,111 to 8,063. A number of NY Union Proud members also won election to the PEF executive board. Kent pledged during the campaign to be tougher in negotiations with the state.
Political activity.
Although PEF was politically active in the first eight years of its existence, it was not notably so. That changed in 1986, the first time the Public Employees Federation engaged in an organized, statewide legislative lobbying effort (it sought passage of a "toxic tort" bill which would permit individuals harmed by exposure to toxic substances a longer period of time to file a lawsuit to recover damages). PEF also contributed $150,000 to state political campaigns in the first six months of 1986, ranking it among the top PACs in the state. This was more money than PEF had contributed in all of 1984 (the previous election cycle). PEF quickly became noted for the amount of money it spent on election efforts and on campaigns to oppose legislation it disagreed with. In 1987, PEF spent $36,822 on state political party-building efforts, more than any other group in New York State. In 1988, PEF spent $570,841 on political campaigns—behind only the New York State AFL-CIO ($1 million), the Civil Service Employees Association ($704,875), and the Medical Society of the State of New York ($695,275). PEF spent $25,000 on an advertising campaign in the spring of 1990 to fight a plan to privatize state mental health services. In 1991, PEF spent $200,000 on an advertising campaign to defeat reductions in the state workforce and another $150,000 to support incumbents in state legislative election campaigns. It also spent at least $1 million that year on television ads urging the state legislature to pass higher state income and sales taxes. In 1995, PEF ranked third among PACs in spending on state-level elections in New York, pumping $419,928 into these races. In 2006, newly elected PEF President Kenneth Brynien, who had been a PEF vice-president for three years and chairman of PEF's political action committee for nine years, pledged to further boost PEF's political influence.
PEF has also been active in endorsing candidates for political office. But some of these endorsements have proven highly contentious within the union. In 1990, PEF endorsed Mario Cuomo for governor, but the endorsement was bitterly debated within the union and the support PEF pledged to Cuomo's re-election effort was considered "tepid". PEF remained neutral in Cuomo's 1994 re-election campaign. Cuomo was defeated for re-election by George Pataki. PEF remained neutral again during Pataki's successful 1998 re-election bid. But in 2002, PEF supported Pataki for election to a third term. According to PEF President Roger Benson, the endorsement was a "quid pro quo" for Pataki's promise to add three days of paid sick leave to the union's collective bargaining agreement and for a promise not to lay off any state workers in the following budget year. Some PEF members were deeply angered by the union's endorsement, however, and an internal union poll of the union's health care division showed they overwhelmingly supported Pataki's opponent (New York Comptroller H. Carl McCall). Pro-McCall members of the union submitted a resolution to the union's annual convention which would have rescinded the endorsement. PEF members voted down the resolution on October 8, 2002. In 2006, PEF endorsed New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer in his successful run for governor. That same year, Andrew Cuomo ran to replace Spitzer as New York State Attorney General. PEF declined to endorse Cuomo, instead backing New York City Public Advocate Mark J. Green in his unsuccessful bid for that office. On July 21, 2009, PEF leaders indicated they might not support David Paterson in the Democratic primary if he chooses to run for re-election as governor.
PEF Presidents.
The following is a list of PEF presidents:

</doc>
<doc id="18661132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661132" title="USS Eucalyptus (AN-16)">
USS Eucalyptus (AN-16)

USS "Eucalyptus" (YN-11/AN-16) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was launched in July 1941, and completed in October 1941. Placed in service at that time without being commissioned, she was commissioned in May 1942, and decommissioned in 1946. She was placed in reserve and later scrapped in 1976.
Career.
"Eucalyptus" (YN-11) was launched on 3 July 1941 by General Engineering and Dry Dock Company, Alameda, California; sponsored by Mrs. Romana Jorgenson and placed in service in a noncommissioned status on 9 October 1941, Lieutenant S. B. McDonald, USNR, officer-in-charge. She was commissioned on 9 May 1942, Lieutenant Commander A. J. Einmo, USNR, in command, and reclassified "AN-16" on 20 January 1944. Initially assigned to the 13th Naval District, "Eucalyptus" carried out patrol and net-tending operations there until late 1943 when she sailed to Alaskan waters for more of the same duty. 
She returned to Seattle, Washington, in July 1944, then was reassigned to duty in the San Francisco Bay area for the duration of World War II. In November 1945 she sailed to Astoria, Oregon, where on 6 March 1946, she was placed in commission in reserve. "Eucalyptus" was placed out of commission in November 1946 at Astoria, Oregon, and remained in reserve through 1961. She was stricken and transferred to the United States U.S. Maritime Administration (MARAD) on 1 September 1962. She was sold for scrapping in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18661151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661151" title="Raimo Valle">
Raimo Valle

Raimo Valle (born 15 September 1965) is a Norwegian civil servant and politician for the Labour Party.
He hails from Unjárga - Nesseby. He graduated as cand.mag. from the University of Tromsø in 1989. Outside of politics, he worked as a consultant in Troms County Municipality from 1993 to 2007. He was a board member of the Centre for Sami Studies, University of Tromsø after graduating, was the county leader of the Federation of Norwegian Professional Associations in Troms from 1999 to 2003 and from 2001 to 2007 he was a board member of the Association of Social Scientists.
In 2007 he was appointed to Stoltenberg's Second Cabinet as a State Secretary in the Ministry of Labour and Social Inclusion. He left office in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18661158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661158" title="MSTest">
MSTest

MSTest is a command line utility from Microsoft that executes unit tests created in Visual Studio 2005, 2008, 2010 and is still available for backwards compatibility with older versions in Visual Studio 2012 and 2013. Microsoft recommends running the tests in VSTest.Console in later versions.
MSTest is not the Visual Studio Unit Testing Framework defined in the Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll dynamic link library (DLL). 

</doc>
<doc id="18661161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661161" title="Glendora Review">
Glendora Review

Glendora Review is a magazine that was conceived in an atmosphere of intellectual crisis, following the brain drain from Nigeria, during the Sani Abacha regime. Its founder, Olakunle Tejuoso (whose family owns the Lagos alternative bookstore, after which the journal is named), wanted to create a forum where people could access the work being done by Nigerian intellectuals who had fled the country, and a bridge for artistic theories and activities being propagated by African intellectuals in the West and their contemporaries at home.
The magazine constantly engages and interrogates the idea of Africa, as a contested and dynamic invention, "Glendora" provided a platform for intellectual discourse on literary, visual and performance cultures that are sensitive to the mutations and complexities of cultural work on Africa in a global age. A strong aesthetic sense coupled with an editorial style that (while rigorous) managed to avoid being too intellectual or esoteric, attracted a wide-ranging readership in Nigeria and abroad.
Although it was initially focused on Nigeria's arts and cultures, "Glendora" grew into a pan African journal with regular features and interviews of icons, such as Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o, Mbongeni Ngema, Sembene Ousmane, Sun Ra, and other critical texts on African literature. The journal also included a books supplement. The last issue of "Glendora" appeared in 2004, and its publishers have since focused on the publication of books, such as "Lagos: A City At Work" on the West African megapolis, .
Reviewing the influence of "Glendora Today" on the younger generation of Nigerian writers, African Literature Today writes: "Indeed there may be said to be a Glendora Group or a Glendora Generation, made up of those who as critics or poets, and guided by Dapo Adeneyi, published in the journal."

</doc>
<doc id="18661163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661163" title="Anglican Diocese of Gambia and the Rio Pongas">
Anglican Diocese of Gambia and the Rio Pongas

The Anglican Diocese of Gambia and spThe Rio Pongas was founded in 1935.
References.
Anglican Communion

</doc>
<doc id="18661235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661235" title="Clayton Allen">
Clayton Allen

Clayton T. Allen (1893 – February 1967) was a communications expert who worked equipping ships during World War II. He continued in this endeavor until 1950. He founded Communications, Inc., of New York City, which was dissolved in 1950.
Prior to this Allen ran an insurance business in Grand Rapids, Michigan for a quarter of a century. His firm was affiliated with AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company
and Pacific Life Insurance Company.
During his later years he operated the Vermont Apple Company located on Isle La Motte, an island in Lake Champlain. Its location was fourteen miles west of St. Albans.

</doc>
<doc id="18661241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661241" title="Infanta Maria of Spain">
Infanta Maria of Spain

Infanta Maria of Spain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18661246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661246" title="Serra dos Aimorés, Minas Gerais">
Serra dos Aimorés, Minas Gerais

Serra dos Aimorés is a Brazilian municipality located in the north-east of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 8,345 living in a total area of 215 km². The city belongs to the statistical mesoregion of Vale do Mucuri and to the statistical microregion of Nanuque. It became a municipality in 1962.
Serra dos Aimorés is located at an elevation of 209 meters on the state boundary with Bahia. The nearest major population center is Nanuque. Most of the population lives in the urban area.
The distance to Nanuque is 25 km; and the distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 616 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Nanuque, Ibirapoá (Bahia), and Ibirahém, (Bahia).
The main economic activities are services, small industries, and subsistence agriculture. The GDP in 2005 was R$44 million, with 20 million from services, 13 million from industry, and 6 million from agriculture. There were 146 rural producers on 12,000 hectares of land. Only 11 farms had tractors (2006). 800 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops were coconuts, sugarcane, beans, and corn. There were 26,000 head of cattle (2006). There was 1 bank (2007) and 382 automobiles (203 motorcycles), giving a ratio of 20 inhabitants per automobile. 
The social indicators rank it in the bottom tier of municipalities in the state.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.
There were 6 health clinics (2 specialized) (2006). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Nanuque. Educational needs were met by 10 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 5 pre-primary schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18661268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661268" title="Berit Oskal Eira">
Berit Oskal Eira

Berit Oskal Eira (born 1 March 1951) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
She was elected to the Sami Parliament of Norway in 2001, but was not re-elected in 2005.
From 2005 to 2007, while the second cabinet Stoltenberg held office, she was appointed State Secretary in the Ministry of Labour and Social Inclusion.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18661279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661279" title="Style (2001 film)">
Style (2001 film)

Style is a 2001 Hindi comedy suspense thriller film directed by N. Chandra. It stars Sharman Joshi and Sahil Khan in main roles. Though made on a small budget this film managed to do very well at the box office. However, was slammed by critics as an "average grosser". Due to the surprise success of the film, it produced a sequel titled "Xcuse Me" in 2003, which was also a moderate success at the box office.
Plot.
The film revolves round two slap-happy college students, Bantu (Sharman Joshi) and Chantu (Sahil Khan), who stand out in the college for their expertise in ragging and playing pranks, and ability to outfox others.
As their college life nears an end, the duo begin to realize that they need to start getting more serious about their life and career. Realising that they are not cut out for a life of struggle and hard work, Bantu comes up with an idea to trick two rich girls into marrying them so that they can spend their lives comfortably. They then focus their attention on rich teenyboppers Sheena (Riya Sen) and Rani (Shilpi Mudgal) and set about wooing the two girls to win their love.
A mysterious woman named Nikki Malhotra (Tara Deshpande) enters the scene, and pretty soon Chantu and Bantu get embroiled in a murder mystery.
Soundtrack.
The music score was given by Sanjeev Darshan duo. The song "Mohabbat Mohabbat" is a ditto copy of the Egyptian artist Amr Diab's song "Habibi Ya Nour El Ain" . 

</doc>
<doc id="18661290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661290" title="List of awards and nominations received by Once and Again">
List of awards and nominations received by Once and Again

This is the list of awards and nominations received by the television series "Once and Again" (1999–2002).

</doc>
<doc id="18661293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661293" title="1982 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1982 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1982 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Belgrade, Yugoslavia for the record fourth time. The Yugoslavian (now Serbian) city had host the championships previously in 1971, 1975, and 1978.
The men's competition consisted of six Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Three events were held for the women, all in kayak.
This was the seventeenth championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18661303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661303" title="Karl-Heinz Reintgen">
Karl-Heinz Reintgen

Lt. Karl-Heinz Reintgen was an officer in the German Army, with the rank of lieutenant during World War II.
He was in charge of the German Army's radiostation Radio Belgrade, situated in Belgrade, Yugoslavia.
He became "famous" as he played the tune "Lili Marleen" by Lale Anderson every evening at 9.55 PM.

</doc>
<doc id="18661306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661306" title="Monteros">
Monteros

Monteros is a town in Tucumán Province, Argentina, located south-west of the provincial capital San Miguel de Tucumán, and which lies at an altitude of . It has 23,771 inhabitants according to the , and is the head town of the Monteros Department. Surrounded by four rivers, the average temperature is in summer and in winter with highs and lows of and .
History.
It was founded on August 28, 1754 when the military governor Don Felipe Antonio de Alurralde took possession of the local lands over an existing village on the site. Though Monteros had been known as a little village years before. Monteros eventually acquired the rank of municipality on December 12 1867 with its first mayor Don Domingo Segundo Aráoz. It has been one of the most renown and prosperous towns from southern Tucumán due to its cultural, educative and commercial life.
Toponimy.
There have been several versions about the origin of the town's name. One version suggests that some inhabitants of the old San Miguel de Tucumán, which used to be on a place currently known as Ibatín, refused to move to the new location and declared in rebellion, taking refuge in the nearby hills. The name may have derived from "people of the "hill"" ("Monte" in Spanish). Another version says that the remaining inhabitants of the old San Miguel de Tucumán founded "Monteros" on October 4, 1865, naming it "the Town of the Holy Rosary of Monteros". There were three attempts to rename the town. In 1828 and 1832 Villa Belgrano was the name proposed, in honor of Manuel Belgrano but it did not succeed. The strangest case was in 1932 when the then provincial governor, Alejandro Heredia, attempted to rename it to Alexandria, in his own honor.
Economy.
The main use of agriculture in the local economy is the sugar industry. The Ñuñorco plant (founded in 1926) is the main industrial plant in the town. The rural areas nearby the town are suited to growing sugar cane, lemons, blueberries and strawberries.
Sports.
The main sports club is Club Atlético Ñuñorco Football club which plays in Zone A of the regionalised 4th level of Argentine football Torneo Argentino B. The Club Social Monteros have been an Argentine Volleyball League's champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18661331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661331" title="Lohegaon">
Lohegaon

Lohegaon is a village in Pune district, India. It is primarily known for the Pune International Airport, a domestic and international airport. This place also has an Air Force base, known as 2 wing, one of the oldest air base in India, after the Ambala Air Base. A lot of ex-servicemen reside in Lohegaon.
Schools.
Being an Indian Air Force Base, there is a Kendriya Vidyalaya No.1 and Primary Nursery school as well, Most of the students in these schools are children of Defense personnel staying in New Project, Gurdwara Colony, Lohegoan.
Many schools have come up here - Sharad Pawar International School, Vaishnavi Primary School (English Medium), Mount St. Patrick's School, Aman Setu School, Dr. Vikhe Patil School, Roshni Public School.
There are two prominent engineering colleges, Marathwada Mitra Mandal's Institute of Technology, and the Dr. D. Y. Patil School of Engineering.
List of colleges:
Tourism.
There is a road which connects Lohegaon and Wagholi, which in turn connects to the Ahmednagar highway.
Roads also coming from Vishrant Wadi, Dhanori, Shinde Wadgoan and Wagholi meet at Lohegoan.
Banks:- Canara Bank, SBI Mini Branch (In New Project, AFS)
ATM:- Canara Bank, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, SBI.
Indian Air Force have service quarters known as "New Project". Ex-Service men settled in nearby colony, known as Gurudwara Colony. There is very nice Sikh Gurdwara located in Gurdwara colony, which is run by local Sikh people. Ex-Service mens have also settled at Sant Nagar, Lohegoan. There is a big house known as Ave Maria a beautiful home to see owned by Henry John.
Every Sunday inside Lohegoan there is an Open Vegetable market where vendors from local village and nearby areas gather in school ground and sell fresh vegetable at very low cost. Whole local area including defense personals also buy their vegetable from this market.
Generally people come here on the weekends for visiting the water park, then a refreshing and economical meal at Seventh Heaven restaurant opposite to the Air Force Officers Mess. Also one temple of Tukaram Maharaj which is very famous.
There is a famous water park in Lohegaon, Diamond Water park, previously known as Splash Mountain. You can enjoy full day there with water rides.
Here famous places are - New Project, Lohegaon village, Gurdwara Colony, Khese Park, Kalvad, Dhanori, Sant Nagar, Khandave Vasti (Also known as Dadachi vasti) and Wagholi.
This place is also known as the holy land and also known as the place where famous saints used to live for ex.sant tukaram etc. This is the birthplace of Sant Tukaram maharaj. A great maratha/Sant who taught Great Shivaji maharaj.

</doc>
<doc id="18661342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661342" title="Spencer Road Halt railway station">
Spencer Road Halt railway station

Spencer Road Halt railway station was a halt on the Woodside and South Croydon Railway opened in 1906 and closed on 15 March 1915.
History.
The site is hidden in an alleyway between Spencer Road and Birdhurst Rise in South Croydon. The railway had hoped that passengers would change to the Brighton Line by making the ten-minute walk to South Croydon station but very few did. Spencer Road was among several new stations and halts opened in the suburbs, including Reedham and Bandon),a to compete with the convenience of electric trams and to a lesser extent omnibuses, whose effect was being felt on railway income particularly with regard to shorter journeys.
Apart from a metal footbridge which carried the path between Spencer Road and Birdhurst Rise over the line, the halt consisted of just a pair of wooden platforms and nameboards. Oil lamps were also likely to have been provided. The platforms were reached from wooden gates on either side of the footbridge; a notice adjoining the gate was headed "Woodside and South Croydon Railway" and warned passengers against taking a short-cut over the railway line and use the footbridge.
The halt closed in 1915 as a wartime economy, but remained intact until at least 1931. The remains were cleared by the Southern Railway in 1935 when it electrified and reopened the line. An up starter signal for Selsdon on a post made of old rails was subsequently installed on the site of the Up platform, and during the Second World War a tank trap was built on the site of the Down platform.
Present day.
The halt has been demolished but the footbridge remains in use. In 2008 double track was still in situ but heavily overgrown. The nearby underbridge crossing Croham Road is also extant.
[http://rhaworth.ucoz.net/photo/4-0-23] The adjacent scout hut, on the Up side, from the footbridge.

</doc>
<doc id="18661370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661370" title="Daniel Garcia (director)">
Daniel Garcia (director)

Daniel Garcia (born July 24, 1975) is a music video and commercial director and co-founder of the international production company Super-Fi, which has offices in New York and Vienna, Austria.
Garcia began his career designing labels for santería potions sold at local botánicas. Soon after, he landed at advertising agency DDB and, while working overtime, rounded up enough clients to go freelance.
Over the years, Garcia, who's made a name for himself in computer animation and graphic design, has directed videos for such bands as Mates of State, The Go! Team, and TV on the Radio, whose video for "Me-I" won the award for Best Music Video at the 2008 SXSW Festival. Previous videos also received recognition, including Madvillain's "Monkey Suite", which was nominated for an MTV Woodie in 2007, and J Dilla's "Nothing Like This", which played at the Animation Block Party and Pictoplasma, and was nominated for an award at the Ottawa International Animation Festival. In addition to videos, Garcia also directs commercials, including several spots for Nike, and dabbles in photography and print design.

</doc>
<doc id="18661378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661378" title="Dinah (disambiguation)">
Dinah (disambiguation)

Dinah is a Biblical character. The name may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18661408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661408" title="Beyond River Cottage">
Beyond River Cottage

Beyond River Cottage is the fourth series of the Channel 4 programme that follows Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall as he pursues the ideal of rural self-sufficiency as a farm-owner in Dorset.
Show summary.
This series begins five years after Hugh first left the city and moved to River Cottage. With a growing family, Hugh, his wife, and their two young sons, move to a farm, which is ten times larger than the original River Cottage property. Hugh also buys an old dairy farm and -- over the course of the series -- renovates its buildings into "River Cottage H.Q.", a sort of kitchen, café restaurant and teaching centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18661415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661415" title="L. S. Matthews">
L. S. Matthews

L. S. Matthews (born August 29, 1964) is the pen name of Laura Dron, a British children's author of several critically acclaimed novels.
Background.
She was born near Dudley in the West Midlands in England, youngest of five children of parents from the South West who had moved to the industrial area for work. She attended state school there, leaving at 18 to study English Literature at Goldsmiths College, University of London, where she gained a first class honours degree. 
Matthews lived and worked in London for six years and has also lived in Hull in Northern England, the West Midlands, Alsace in Northern France and Hertfordshire. 
Matthews currently resides in Dorset with her husband and two children.
Publications.
Her first novel, "Fish" (2003), won the Fidler Award and was also Highly Commended for the Branford Boase Award and nominated for a Carnegie Medal. Her other novels are "The Outcasts" (2004), "A Dog For Life" (2006), "Lexi" (2007) and "After the Flood" (2008). Matthews also wrote two short SEN titles, "Deadly Night" and "The Game", which were both published in 2006. 
All titles are published by Hodder & Stoughton.

</doc>
<doc id="18661417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661417" title="Xcuse Me">
Xcuse Me

Xcuse Me is a 2003 Hindi comedy film. It is the sequel to N. Chandra's 2001 film "Style".
Plot.
Bantu (Sharman Joshi) and Chantu (Sahil Khan) are unemployed, and are not able to get any jobs due to lack of experience. They come across an advertisement for a hotel management program in Goa, and make their way there. Once there, they hoodwink the trainer by posing as the nephew of the owner of the hotel, and thus enroll themselves in the training course. In the course of the program, they expose several employees and guests as cheats, earning their wrath but also the admiration of the two daughters of the hotel owners. Things turn sore for the two when the guests and former employees get together to avenge their humiliation.

</doc>
<doc id="18661421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661421" title="Hege Solbakken">
Hege Solbakken

Hege Solbakken (born 22 July 1972 in Austevoll) is a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party.
In 2000, while the first cabinet Bondevik held office, she was appointed political advisor in the Ministry of Fisheries. In 2008, while the second cabinet Stoltenberg held office, she was appointed State Secretary in the Ministry of Transport and Communications.
She took her education at the University of Bergen, and was deputy leader of the Studentersamfunnet i Bergen in 1999. She has also been active in Nei til EU.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18661447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661447" title="Alabama Southern Community College">
Alabama Southern Community College

Alabama Southern Community College is a community college system that operates in southwest Alabama, United States. Alabama Southern was formed in 1991 by the merger of Patrick Henry Junior College in Monroeville, Alabama and Hobson State Technical College in Thomasville, Alabama. The Thomasville campus is home to the Kathryn Tucker Windham Museum. In addition to two full service campuses located in these cities, learning centers are located in Gilbertown, and Jackson, Alabama.
Accreditation.
The College is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award the Associate of Arts, Associate in Science, and Associate in Applied Science degrees.
Undergraduate majors.
Alabama Southern offers undergraduate majors in Business Management and Marketing, Computer and Information Sciences, Construction Trades, Engineering, Engineering Technologies, Health Professions and Clinical Sciences, Liberal Arts and Sciences, Mechanic and Repair Technologies, Personal and Culinary Services, and in Security & Protective Services.
Locations.
The Monroeville campus is located at 2800 South Alabama Avenue, . The Thomasville campus is located at 30755 Highway 43 South, .

</doc>
<doc id="18661450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661450" title="Hamptons (magazine)">
Hamptons (magazine)

HAMPTONS magazine, founded in 1978, celebrates the affluent beachfront community of Long Island's East End. Published by Niche Media, LLC, it was the first publication to etch the luxury, regional publishing category. 
With a focus on real estate and interior design, fashion and fine jewelry, art and culture, dining and entertainment, fitness and philanthropy, HAMPTONS has been an authority on what the Hamptons has to offer. Written by local taste makers and prominent people, HAMPTONS is recognized as the preeminent voice of the area. The strategic distribution, including exclusive estate delivery, provides an opportunity for clients to reach the prestigious Hamptons consumers.
Published thirteen times throughout the year, it claims a circulation of 40,000-50,000 copies, distributed all over the Hamptons.

</doc>
<doc id="18661453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661453" title="Seven Songs for Quartet and Chamber Orchestra">
Seven Songs for Quartet and Chamber Orchestra

Seven Songs For Quartet And Chamber Orchestra is an album by Gary Burton.

</doc>
<doc id="18661454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661454" title="Florin Pripu">
Florin Pripu

Florin Pripu (born 1 August 1980 in Targoviste, Romania) is a professional football defender currently playing for Kallithea F.C. in the Beta Ethniki.

</doc>
<doc id="18661480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661480" title="James Archer (stock trader)">
James Archer (stock trader)

The Hon. James Howard Archer born 10 June 1974, is an English businessman with various interests in Kurdistan, and a former stock market trader. His parents are Jeffrey Archer, the author, ex-Conservative politician and member of the House of Lords, and Dr. Mary Archer DBE, a British scientist specialising in solar power conversion.
Personal life.
As a teenager James Archer attended Eton College, where he became captain of the Athletics team. He then went to Brasenose College, Oxford, where he studied Chemistry and ran in the Oxford vs. Cambridge Varsity match (1993).
In 2003 he met Tara Bernerd (who had just opened up her architectural and design agency 'Target Living') and they married in Rome in 2005. However by mid-2009 they were separated and are now amicably divorced.
In 2013, he married Gwyneth Harrison.
Career.
At Credit Suisse First Boston, London, James Archer rose to fame as a member of a cadre of five proprietary traders known as the "Flaming Ferraris" after the rum cocktail they adopted as their trademark drink. In December 1998, one of its other members orchestrated a public relations stunt which ensured that they were pictured arriving at Nobu, an expensive Japanese restaurant in Park Lane, in what "The Independent" characterised as ""Reservoir Dogs"-style". The stunt, intended to raise their profile and further increase their then-significant earnings, backfired.
James Archer and his boss, Adrian Ezra were expelled from the SFA register by the Financial Services Authority in 2000, after being found to have attempted to manipulate the closing price of a Swedish stock, Stora, through aggressive short-selling shortly after the Nobu debacle. Archer was required to pay £50,000 towards the legal costs of the Securities and Futures Authority.
11 years later, in 2010, the Nasdaq OMX Stockholm reviewed the ban, and after a formal process stated that they would no longer object to him being given access to their markets should the circumstances arise.
Subsequent to 2001, he has become;
1) a director of Marlborough Gate House (Freehold) Ltd. (of which he was originally Secretary), from which he resigned (2009)
2) a director of TFM Partners
3) a Limited Liability Partner in Target Living Homes LPP, together with his ex-wife Tara Bernerd.
4) a consultant to Trinity Financial Management in Kurdistan

</doc>
<doc id="18661486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661486" title="Astri Aas-Hansen">
Astri Aas-Hansen

Astri Aas-Hansen (born 16 December 1970) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
In 2005, when Stoltenberg's Second Cabinet assumed office, she was appointed as a political adviser in the Ministry of Justice and the Police. She was promoted to State Secretary in February 2007, and remained here until April 2013. She returned to her former job in Advokatfirmaet Elden.
She hails from Lillesand, and graduated from the University of Oslo with the cand.jur. degree in 1999. From 1995 to 2002 she worked as an advisor for the Labour Party; since 2002 she has worked as a lawyer. She has also held lectures at the University of Oslo and Nesna University College.

</doc>
<doc id="18661493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661493" title="Kuala Belait Highway">
Kuala Belait Highway

Kuala Belait Highway, (; Jawi: ليبوهراي کوالا بلايت ) (National route ) is a major highway in Belait District, Brunei. It bypasses the town centers of Seria and Kuala Belait, in addition to the Sungai Belait toll bridge, which is not present along the original route of the Pan Borneo Highway. Along the section of the original route of the Pan Borneo Highway between Kampung Sungai Teraban and Kampung Lumut, motorists may need to cross the Belait River via a river ferry service; therefore, the Belait River Bridge at the Kuala Belait Highway enables motorists to cross the river directly without using the river ferry service which may become dangerous during bad weather. The section of the Kuala Belait highway that passes through Seria is generally known as the 'Seria Bypass'. Construction is under way to expand the part of the Kuala Belait Highway from a single carriageway highway to a dual carriageway highway.

</doc>
<doc id="18661525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661525" title="Terje Moland Pedersen">
Terje Moland Pedersen

Terje Moland Pedersen (born 22 March 1952) is a Norwegian police officer and politician for the Labour Party.
He finished his secondary education in 1972, and graduated from police academy in 1977. From 1974 to 1995 he worked as a police officer, since 1977 in Fredrikstad. He became involved in the trade unions, and was a supervisory council member of Norsk Politiforbund from 1992 to 1996.
He was a member of Fredrikstad municipal council from 1991 to 2005. From 2005 to 2012 he was a State Secretary in the Ministry of Justice and the Police as a part of Stoltenberg's Second Cabinet.
He chaired Borg Port Authority from 1993 to 1996 and 1999 to 2003, was a board member of Viken Havneselskap from 2003 to 2005 and chaired Norwegian Ports Association from 2004 to 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18661528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661528" title="USS Ebony (AN-15)">
USS Ebony (AN-15)

USS "Ebony" (YN-10/AN-15) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was launched in June 1941, and completed in September 1941. Placed in service at that time without being commissioned, she was commissioned in May 1942, and decommissioned in March 1946. She was placed in reserve in 1946 and scrapped in 1976.
Career.
"Ebony" (YN-10) was launched 3 June 1941 by the General Engineering & Dry Dock Company of Alameda, California; sponsored by Mrs. Clara Valtey; placed in service 16 September 1941 for duty in the 12th Naval District; and commissioned 22 May 1942, Ensign S. Bernsen, USNR, in command. "Ebony" sailed from San Francisco, California, 24 May 1942 for the South Pacific Ocean. After a brief period in the Fiji Islands, she arrived at Auckland, New Zealand, 27 July, to serve as net gate tender.
She sailed to Noumea in January 1943 to assist in towing a stranded vessel to safety and remained until May to salvage "Shaw" (DD-373). "Ebony" continued her net tending in the South Pacific, based primarily at Nouméa and Espiritu Santo, until the end of the war. During this time, she was reclassified "AN-15" on 20 January 1944. 
She returned to San Pedro, California, 8 October 1945, and was placed out of commission in reserve at Astoria, Oregon, 23 March 1946. She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 1 September 1962 and scrapped in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18661550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661550" title="College of the Transfiguration">
College of the Transfiguration

College of the Transfiguration in Grahamstown, Eastern Cape is the only provincial residential college of the Anglican Church of Southern Africa, offering a contextual approach to theology studies.
The College opened in 1993, following the amalgamation of the Colleges of St Bede's and St Paul's [Grahamstown. Although the buildings and location were inherited from St Paul's, the College's growth has been marked by the spirit, motives and perceptions that sustained both former colleges.
Before 1993.
St Bede's College in Mthatha was founded in 1879 by Henry Callaway, the first Bishop of the Diocese of St John. The purpose of the institution was the "training of young natives, and colonists as clergy and teachers." At that time the primary task was to train clergy and catechist for the diocese. A shift happened in the mid-twentieth century when the college was given some Provincial recognition as a result of a Synod of Bishops in 1955. Pressures brought to bear by the apartheid regime, and other institutional factors, resulted in the consideration of different schemes of amalgamation as early as the seventies. The college was temporarily closed in 1983 and the premises were leased to the University of Transkei for a year, before being re-opened in 1985. At the time of its closure in 1992 the college had an influential role in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.
St Paul's College in Grahamstown was founded in 1902, by Bishop Charles Cornish. The initial idea of a college came from Bishop Allan Webb, bishop of Grahamstown. He brought a vision of theological education with him, having been vice-principal of Cuddesdon Theological College, Oxford. The hostel was opened for the reception of theological students in 1902. In 1910 work began on a new west wing to increase its capacity. The college also officially became a Provincial college. Between 1929 and 1931 further alterations took place. Cullen House was purchased in 1933. The college went through difficult times during both world wars as numbers declined, even closing for five months in 1943. Extensive additions were again made in the 1950s, with the Espin Wing and new chapel being dedicated in 1957. The Burnett wing was completed in 1962. Like St Bede's, St Paul's was affected by fluctuating numbers. It was also faced with the particular pressures of apartheid as it sought to be racially mixed. At the time of its closure in 1992 the college was about eighty percent "black".
When the St Bede's and St Paul's were closed, the site chosen for the new college for the Anglican Church of Southern Africa was the old campus of St Paul's. The amalgamated college was initially called "Peter Masiza College", after the first ordained black priest in the Province. Subsequent research showed that the name was problematic and the "College of the Transfiguration" was chosen, influenced by the then, Archbishop Desmond Tutu.

</doc>
<doc id="18661575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661575" title="Aspen Peak">
Aspen Peak

Aspen Peak is a regional magazine that is published by Niche Media, LLC and primarily targets Aspen's most affluent residents and visitors. 
"Aspen Peak" attempts to cover the best that Aspen has to offer in the worlds of art, beauty, business, culture, dining, entertainment, fashion, interior design, jewelry and watches, nightlife, philanthropy, politics, real estate, sports, and travel, plus, of course, the inside scoop on gossip, society, and the Colorado social scene. It also features local trendsetters as some of their writing staff who explore all the mountain community has to offer.
Published twice a year, once in the summer/fall and once in the winter/spring, serving as Aspen's own coffee table book.

</doc>
<doc id="18661588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661588" title="Cooper Mountain (Oregon)">
Cooper Mountain (Oregon)

Cooper Mountain is a mountain in Washington County, Oregon, United States. Its summit has an elevation of . The mountain and surrounding area are named for Ohio immigrant Perry Cooper who settled on the mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="18661603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661603" title="Hotel Hello">
Hotel Hello

Hotel Hello is an album by Gary Burton and Steve Swallow.

</doc>
<doc id="18661620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661620" title="Percy Phillips">
Percy Phillips

Percy Phillips may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18661649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661649" title="Adamma (masquerade)">
Adamma (masquerade)

Adamma is a contemporary maiden spirit mask that originates from the Enugu-Igbo of southeastern Nigeria. The mask is performed by men only and is accompanied by music that the masker dances to. Unlike other Igbo masks Adamma mask does not have any spiritual value behind it.
"Adamma" is also a girls name in Igboland Nigeria and it means, the first daughter of the family.

</doc>
<doc id="18661651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661651" title="C localization functions">
C localization functions

In computing, C localization functions are a group of functions in the C programming language implementing basic localization routines. The functions are used in multilingual programs to adapt to the specific locale. In particular, the way of displaying of numbers and currency can be modified. These settings affect the behaviour of input/output functions in the C Standard Library.
Overview of functions.
C localization functions and types are defined in locale.h (clocale header in C++).
Criticism.
C standard localization functions are criticized because the localization state is stored globally. This means that in a given program all operations involving a locale can use only one locale at a time. As a result, it is very difficult to implement programs that use more than one locale.
The functions alter the behavior of printf/scanf/strtod which are often used to write saved data to a file or to other programs. The result is that a saved file in one locale will not be readable in another locale, or not be readable "at all" due to assumptions such as "numbers end at comma characters". Most large-scale software forces the locale to "C" (or another fixed value) to work around these problems.
Another criticism is that these functions do not address at all the far more important problem of translating text to a different language.

</doc>
<doc id="18661656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661656" title="Katghara, Deoria">
Katghara, Deoria

Katghara() is a village in Deoria district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Geography.
Katghara falls under bhatpar rani block. It has it own gram panchayat.
Cities, towns, and neighborhoods.
Nearest place for shopping is Aktahi. Nearest town is Bhatpar rani.
Schools.
Katghara village has primary school funded by state government. It also has a privately owned middle school (up to class 10). There are schools in Bahiyari and Sohanpur for 10+2. The only option for graduation is Madan Mohan Malviya university situated at bhatpar rani town.
References.
http://www.maavooru.org/Place.aspx?PID=588067

</doc>
<doc id="18661661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661661" title="Wild West Guns">
Wild West Guns

Wild West Guns is a WiiWare and iPhone OS shooting video game by Gameloft. For the Wii, it was released on August 1, 2008 in Europe, on August 4, 2008 in North America, and on August 5, 2008 in Japan. It costs 1000 Wii Points. On February 5, 2009, Gameloft released the game worldwide for the iPhone OS via the App Store. It costs $4.99 USD.
Gameplay.
An American Old West-themed light gun shooter, the game sees the player shooting at targets ranging from vultures, balloons and flying sombreros to armed robbers, angry gold diggers and renegade soldiers across a number of environments such as saloons, cemeteries and a speeding steam locomotive. The game features 6 levels across two difficulties, with 3 challenges in each.
The game also supports the Wii Zapper peripheral on the Wii, but does not feature aim calibration.loda mml
Reception.
"Wild West Guns" received mixed reviews from critics.
Official Nintendo Magazine scored the game at 80%, praising the variety in settings and the interactive environments, and the simple point and shoot gameplay, though they felt genre experts might find it too easy. WiiWare World, which gave it a 7/10, felt the game was "addictive and attractive" and "very well executed", and highlighted the depth in gameplay that requires players to carefully choose their shots to score the most points. However, they felt the relatively small range of objectives, settings and enemies was "somewhat disappointing", and that the omission of scoreboards affected replay value.
In contrast, Eurogamer was less impressed with the game, giving it a 5/10 and calling it "a rather limited and repetitive experience". 1UP.com gave it a C+ grade, believing the game was "a little pricey" at 1000 Wii Points. IGN, which scored it a 6.8/10, also had issues with the price and the shallow nature of the game, but otherwise felt it was "fun", praising the tight controls and polished presentation.gm

</doc>
<doc id="18661672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661672" title="FTDI">
FTDI

Future Technology Devices International, commonly known by its abbreviation, FTDI, is a Scottish privately held semiconductor device company, specializing in Universal Serial Bus (USB) technology. It develops, manufactures, and supports devices and their related software drivers for converting RS-232 or TTL serial transmissions to USB signals, in order to allow support for legacy devices with modern computers.
FTDI provides application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC) design services. They also provide consultancy services for product design, specifically in the realm of electronic devices. The company's flagship product is its "FTDI Chip", an integrated circuit which is a common component on electronic devices using microcontrollers, such as the Arduino physical computing platform (up to before Arduino Uno).
FTDI's headquarters are in Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom, while it also has offices in Taipei, Taiwan and Portland, Oregon. The company's manufacturing division is handled by subcontractors in the Asia Pacific region.
The company sells its products to consumers via its website, but also sells in volume to retailers.
History.
FTDI was founded on March 13, 1992 by its current CEO Fred Dart. The company is an indirect descendant of Computer Design Concepts Ltd, a former semiconductor technology startup, founded by Dart.
FTDI's initial products were chipsets for personal computer motherboards, the primary customer of which was IBM, which used them in its AMBRA and PS/1 personal computers. It later expanded its product line to include interface translators, such as the MM232R and the USB-COM232-PLUS1, along with other devices for converting between USB and other communication protocols.

</doc>
<doc id="18661674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661674" title="Kareli, Georgia">
Kareli, Georgia

Kareli () is a town in Shida Kartli, Georgia, located on the right bank of the Mtkvari (Kura), 94 km west of the nation’s capital of Tbilisi. 
Overview.
Kareli is first mentioned as a village in the 1715 documents. It was a property of the Tsitsishvili noble family. It acquired the status of a town under the Soviet government in 1981. Since 1939, it has been an administrative center of the homonymous district. As of the 2002 census, Kareli had a population of approximately 7,200.
Kareli has a humid subtropical climate with moderately cold winters and long warm summers. The town’s environs are a home to several architectural monuments of medieval Georgia such as the churches of Zghuderi, Samtsevrisi, Ruisi, and Kintsvisi, and the fortress of Ortubani (Dzama).

</doc>
<doc id="18661679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661679" title="Brenthurst Library">
Brenthurst Library

The Brenthurst Library is a private repository of Africana in Johannesburg built by Harry Oppenheimer in 1984 as he started to disengage from the family's mining interests. It houses a collection of some 20 000 volumes, including rare manuscripts and documents. Among these were the only complete record of the proceedings of the treason trial of Nelson Mandela., until the papers were handed over to the Mandela estate in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18661685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661685" title="HM Prison Ashwell">
HM Prison Ashwell

HM Prison Ashwell was a Category C men's prison located in the parish of Burley, in the county of Rutland, England. The site of the former prison is located about two miles south of the centre of the village of Ashwell, alongside the road to Oakham and opposite the former kennels of the Cottesmore Hunt.
The prison closed in 2011 and Rutland County Council acquired it from the Ministry of Justice in early 2013. The site has been redeveloped as Oakham Enterprise Park, a business park for office and light industrial use.
History.
Ashwell Prison was constructed on the site of a World War II US army base (home to part of the 82nd Airborne Division), and first opened in 1955 as an open prison for adult male prisoners. In October 1987 it was converted to an Adult Male Category C establishment. 
In 2003 Ashwell Prison hit the headlines after four prisoners went on a wrecking spree, damaging £10,000 worth of office equipment, computers and windows. The trouble started when an officer found an inmate had been drinking alcohol in his cell. Despite this incident Ashwell achieved Resettlement Stage 1 accreditation in the same year. 
A 2005 inspection report of Ashwell cited concerns about prisoners' vulnerability, race relations and the quality of work and training at the prison. In the same year an inmate at the prison escaped from guards while receiving treatment for tuberculosis at the Leicester Royal Infirmary. The prisoner was recaptured days later
In July 2008 a new £6m wing with an additional 64 cells was opened at Ashwell Prison. The new wing increased the overall capacity of the prison to 619 inmates.
A major riot at Ashwell Prison began on 11 April 2009. During the riot, a three-mile police perimeter was put in place, which extended to the edges of Oakham. Several prisoners were evacuated from the prison. Trouble started on Saturday 11 April at approximately 0100 BST and a fire broke out at the prison during the afternoon. The riot was successfully brought under control at 2245 BST that day. The operation launched by authorities in response to the riot was called Operation Tornado which saw the introduction of specialist riot trained prison staff. Three prisoners were injured and 75% of the prison was made uninhabitable. The riot started when a prisoner, serving a three-year sentence, confronted staff and refused to return to his room. He began to cause damage and was joined by others. The unrest spread quickly throughout the prison and approximately 400 prisoners are thought to have participated. No member of staff was injured or directly attacked. 
The damage done to three of the old wings was substantial. The rest of the prison was either undamaged or sustained superficial damage. The event provoked questioning of the UK's overcrowded prison system leading to Category B prisoners' downgrading so that they can be moved to Category C prisons. In January 2011, it was announced that Ashwell Prison was to close, as the cost of repairing and maintaining the building was too high. The prison formally closed at the end of March 2011, when all inmates were transferred to other prisons. 
In January 2013, Rutland County Council announced that it had finalised a deal to buy the former prison from the Ministry of Justice in order to convert the site into a business park. The site was redeveloped throughout 2013, with some accommodation blocks damaged during the riots demolished and new units built in their place. Oakham Enterprise Park has now opened with units converted for business use.

</doc>
<doc id="18661715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661715" title="List of special police units">
List of special police units

This is a list of civilian police units tasked with special duties, including:
Colombia.
The Elite Operations Special Police
The Special Operations Combat Police
The Special Police 
Switzerland.
Switzerland has around 1000 Police SWAT members, each State (canton) has a group with at least 14 members, the Federal Police also has its own SWAT group. The Swiss Army also provides a SWAT team, around 300-400 people are in that team
United States of America.
The police departments of many counties and most major cities have special police units.

</doc>
<doc id="18661742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661742" title="Lactarius pyrogalus">
Lactarius pyrogalus

Lactarius pyrogalus, commonly known as the fire-milk Lactarius, is a species of inedible mushroom in genus "Lactarius". It is greyish in colour and differentiated from other grey "Lactarius" by its widely spaced, yellow gills. It is found on the forest floor in mixed woodland, especially at the base of hazel trees.
Taxonomy.
"Lactarius pyrogalus" was first described by French mycologist Pierre Bulliard as "Agaricus pyrogalus" in 1792, before being given its current binomial name by Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries in 1838. Its specific epithet is derived from the Ancient Greek roots "pyro-" "fire" and "gala" "milk".
Description.
"Lactarius pyrogalus" has a cap 5–10 cm (2–4 in) across which is grey-fawn, sometimes with a yellowish tinge, with pink and purple tinges not unknown. It is flattened-convex to flat, later becoming funnel-shaped. The cap is sometimes faintly concentrically banded, it is thin-fleshed and becomes sticky when moist, but is not shiny. The stem is between 4 and 6 cm, and between 7 and 15 mm thick, generally cylindrical but sometimes slightly swollen at the base. The stem is whitish or concolourous with the cap, with whitish flesh. It has slightly decurrent gills, which are yellow to flesh-coloured, though later become a cinnamon-ochre colour. The well-spaced, yellow gills differentiate it from other greyish "Lactarius" species.
Spores.
"Lactarius pyrogalus" produces a light ochre spore print; the spores are broadly elliptic, with warts generally joined by a moderately thick ridges in a well-developed network. The spores are 7–8 by 5.5–7 µm in size. The spores are amyloid, meaning they stain dark blue in Melzer's reagent, and feature an incomplete net.
Distribution.
"Lactarius pyrogalus" is fairly common and is generally found at the base of hazel trees alone or in scattered groups. It is particularly common in hazel woodland managed for coppice. It can also be found elsewhere on the ground in mixed woodland. It is found in the Autumn months of August–October.
Edibility.
"Lactarius pyrogalus" has a very hot, acrid taste and is acidic. It is due to this taste that it received both its English name, fire-milk Lactarius, and its scientific name, with "pyrogalus" translating as "fire milk". Despite not being poisonous, it is not regarded as edible and should be avoided. This is unlike its relative, the saffron milk-cap ("L. deliciosus"), which is regarded as a choice mushroom.

</doc>
<doc id="18661745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661745" title="Bobtales">
Bobtales

Bobtales is an Australian animated series of aboriginal dreamtime stories produced in Perth, Western Australia in 1997.
Thirteen 5-minute episodes were produced by independent film company Gripping Film and Graphics and the Western Australian Aboriginal Media Association in Western Australia, with funding from Screenwest, Film Australia, and SBS Independent. The series is distributed within Australia and world wide by Screen Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18661749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661749" title="Blood Sugar Sex Magik Tour">
Blood Sugar Sex Magik Tour

The Blood Sugar Sex Magik Tour was a concert tour by the American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers in support of their highly successful 1991 breakthrough album "Blood Sugar Sex Magik".
After many years of hardcore touring and building up a loyal following, the band finally started to gain larger attention with "Mother's Milk" in 1989 which would also gain them more television and radio exposure helping them break through to a much wider audience and gain notice from major labels. The band was involved in a major bidding war with labels but ultimately decided to sign with Warner Bros. in 1991 to record "Blood Sugar Sex Magik". The band and management knew they had a very successful album in their hands and it was evident from the album's first single, "Give It Away" and even bigger follow-up single, "Under The Bridge". Both singles received heavy airplay on television and radio and the band was selling out shows in almost every city and country they went to. The early tourdates were very memorable for not only the band but in Alternative rock. The Chili Peppers invited up and coming acts such as Pearl Jam, Nirvana and Smashing Pumpkins to open for them and by year's end all three bands were headlining their own show and dominating television and radio.
At the time the band was riding an all-time high however behind the scene problems between Anthony Kiedis and John Frusciante were starting to esculate. The band was invited to perform on "Saturday Night Live" however during the performance, Kiedis accused Frusciante of trying to sabotage the band's performance by playing different notes and singing off key. Frusciante completely denied this but troubles continued to follow the band for the next few months. Frusciante was also now refusing to support the opening acts such as Nirvana, which at one point he claimed to be a fan of but due to Frusciante's attitude and stubbornness he felt the band wasn't worth his time. Years later Frusciante admitted that he was being immature at the time and regretted how selfish he was towards his band and the opening acts.
By the time the band got to Japan the problems were at an all time high. Things got so bad that Frusciante was starting to isolate himself from the rest of the band while on tour staying backstage with his girlfriend at the time beginning his own drug problems, which were unknown to the band at the time. On May 7, 1992, Frusciante informed then manager, Lindy Goetz that he was quitting the band. Goetz informed the rest of the band and they urged Frusciante to play the show that night, which they later called one of their worst ever. The band was forced to cancel the rest of their Japanese leg. The band quickly scrambled and put out calls to various guitarists including Dave Navarro, who was going through the break up of Jane's Addiction and major drug problems. Navarro turned down the band's offer however he would eventually join the band a year later. The band flew guitarist Zander Schloss out to Australia to audition however after a few days of practicing, the band felt the chemistry just wasn't there and decided to cancel the Australian leg of the tour. In June the band hired Arik Marshall to replace Frusciante. Marshall performed his first show with the band on July 4, 1992 and the entire summer was spent with the band headlining the 1992 Lollapalooza tour which further gave a boost to album sales and only made the band bigger. Marshall finished out the remainder of the tour which included various awards shows and European dates in 1993. Following the tour, the band regrouped and attempted to begin writing for the next album however Marshall was fired due to chemistry problems with the other three members.
Tour overview.
"Blood Sugar Sex Magik Tour" was the band's biggest tour at the time and took them across the entire world although the loss of John Frusciante in 1992 nearly halted the band's tour and rise to success but they carried on with Arik Marshall never missing a beat. The tour saw them playing bigger venues than ever before and became one of the most important tours of the Alternative rock era especially due to the opening acts the tour featured such as Nirvana, Pearl Jam and Smashing Pumpkins who all would eventually be headlining their own arena tours within the next year and even become just as big if not bigger than the Chili Peppers themselves. Arguably the tour's highlight came with a headlining slot on the 1992 Lollapalooza tour which was one of the biggest tours of the summer. The band's setlists featured a heavy dose of the band's first five albums with songs like "Catholic School Girls Rule" getting a one time performance and vanishing from the band's setlist until fourteen years later on the Stadium Arcadium World Tour. Out of the seventeen songs on the album, "Apache Rose Peacock", "The Greeting Song", "Mellowship Slinky in B Major" and "The Righteous & The Wicked" are the only songs to never be performed however they have been teased. "Naked in the Rain" was performed only twice with it being performed once during the 'Blood Sugar Sex Magik Tour' . "Funky Monks" has been performed three times and only once on the "Blood Sugar Sex Magik Tour". It would not return to the setlist for another fourteen years on the "Stadium Arcadium World Tour" when a fan requested it during a radio contest. The band performed it once more the following night. 
This tour marked the last time "Get up and Jump", "Magic Johnson", "Naked In The Rain", "Party on Your Pussy", "Subway to Venus" and "Thirty Dirty Birds" have been performed live.

</doc>
<doc id="18661762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661762" title="Richard Vyse">
Richard Vyse

General Richard Vyse (11 July 1746 – 30 May 1825) was a British general, and briefly a Member of Parliament for Beverley.
Vyse was born at Lichfield, Staffordshire the younger son of William Vyse (1710–1770), canon residentiary and treasurer of Lichfield, and younger brother of William Vyse (1741–1816), canon residentiary and chancellor of Lichfield. In 1780, he married Anne, the only surviving daughter and heiress of Field-marshal Sir George Howard and was the father of Major-General Richard William Howard Vyse, anthropologist and Egyptologist.
Vyse was appointed cornet in the 5th Dragoons on 13 February 1763. He attained the brevet rank of colonel on 7 January 1781, received the command of the 1st Dragoon Guards on 28 May 1784, and during the revolutionary war served in Flanders in command of a brigade under the Duke of York. He distinguished himself on several occasions, particularly at the Battle of Beaumont on 26 April 1794, where at the head of two brigades of heavy cavalry, he materially contributed to the victory, and at the evacuation of Ostend, which he superintended on 1 July.
Vyse was nominated major-general on 2 October 1794, and lieutenant-general on 1 January 1801. He was returned to parliament in 1806 for Beverley, but in the following year made way for his son. He attained the rank of general on 1 January 1812, and died at Lichfield on 30 May 1825. He filled for some time the office of comptroller to Ernest Augustus, Duke of Cumberland.

</doc>
<doc id="18661777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661777" title="Headlong Hall">
Headlong Hall

Headlong Hall is the first novel by Thomas Love Peacock, published in 1815 (dated 1816).
As in his later novel "Crotchet Castle", Peacock assembles a group of eccentrics, each with a single monomaniacal obsession, and derives humor and social satire from their various interactions and conversations. The setting is the country estate of Squire Harry Headlong Ap-Rhaiader, Esq. in Wales.
As part of Mr. Cranium the phrenologist's announcement of his lecture, the author coins words like osteosarchaematosplanchnochondroneuromuelous and osseocarnisanguineoviscericartilaginonervomedullary. They refer to the structure of the human body, and are essentially compound adjectives obtained by stringing together Classical terms that describe the body (ancient Greek in the case of the first word, Latin in the second word). Another long Greek-based compound which appears in the novel is tethippharmatelesipedioploctipophillary.

</doc>
<doc id="18661782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661782" title="Fred Yates">
Fred Yates

Fred Yates (25 July 1922 – 7 July 2008), born Frederick Joseph Yates, was an English artist. His paintings are included in many private and public collections including Brighton and Hove Art Gallery, Liverpool University, the University of Warwick, Torquay Art Gallery and Russell Coates Gallery Bournemouth.
Biography.
Fred Yates was born in Urmston, Lancashire, England in 1922. He began his working life as an insurance clerk but this career was cut short by the Second World War, during which he served as a Grenadier Guards. His twin brother was killed during the failed attempt to capture the bridge at Arnhem during Operation Market Garden in September 1944.
After the war Yates took up painting on his return to Manchester - initially as a painter and decorator. It was whilst working in Manchester, and training to become a teacher, that Yates began painting - much in the vein of L. S. Lowry; although he strove for recognition in his own right, and achieved this in his later years.
Cornwall.
By 1970 Yates was living and working as a painter in Cornwall, England. In Cornwall he painted almost exclusively outdoors - scenes of local village life, clifftop and beach scenes. It was around this period that Yates' commercial success began after the "St Ives 1939-64" exhibition at the Tate Gallery in London. It was also around this time that Yates had a solo exhibition in Geneva which saw some of his work purchased by Henri Cartier-Bresson. Yates has works in private collections in France, UK, Canada and the United States of America.
France.
In the early 1990s Yates moved to France to a small village called Rancon in Department 87, Haute-Vienne . Here he painted local scenes, one of his favorites being a small chapel in the woods just outside Rancon, called Saint-Sulpice. He both met and encouraged local artists and worked with British artists based in the area. He collected houses like people collect stamps and soon acquired several, each as individual as himself. 
In his later years, he purchased a house in Drome, Rhône-Alpes, where the light and air were more suited to a man in his 80's. Despite his advanced age he continued to paint regularly and travel widely right up until his death.
Fred also had a small home in Sablet
Death and memorial.
Yates died of a heart attack on returning to England in July 2008. A Fred Yates Society has been established to assist in preserving and promoting his work. Yates is buried in one of his favourite spots in Cornwall overlooking St Michael's Mount.
Collections.
Books.
Fred Yates, John Martin, Francis Mallet, "Fred Yates: C'est votre passion, monsieur!" (London, White Lane Press, 2007) 

</doc>
<doc id="18661796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661796" title="List of lakes in Maine">
List of lakes in Maine

The qualifications for this list of Maine lakes is that the lake is located partially or entirely in Maine, named, and has a surface area of more than . This makes it legally a great pond unless it is dammed, smaller than prior to damming, smaller than afterwards, and entirely bounded by land owned by a single landowner. There are at least 2,677 lakes or ponds in Maine with no name (not including 2 whose name begins "Unnamed"), 222 of which would be on this list if named. There are also at least 1,022 named lakes too small to make this list.
The lakes are organized by county, and from largest to smallest surface area in each county. Some lakes are located in or border multiple counties; in these cases they are listed in the single county assigned to them in the primary reference for this list. In some cases, alternative or former names of the lakes are given inside parenthesis. The list of adjoining towns is not always complete.

</doc>
<doc id="18661802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661802" title="Umburatiba">
Umburatiba

Umburatiba is a Brazilian municipality located in the north-east of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 2,776 living in a total area of 405 km². The city belongs to the statistical mesoregion of Vale do Mucuri and to the statistical microregion of Nanuque. It became a municipality in 1962. 
Umburatiba is located at an elevation of 238 meters on the state boundary with Bahia. The nearest major population center is Nanuque. 
The distance to Nanuque is 100 km; and the distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 673 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Machacalis, Bertópolis, Carlos Chagas, Itanhém (Bahia), and Medeiros Neto (Bahia). 
The main economic activities are services, small industries, and subsistence agriculture. The GDP in 2005 was R$12 million, with 7 million from services, 1 million from industry, and 4 million from agriculture. There were 97 rural producers on 65,000 hectares of land. Only 9 farms had tractors (2006). 300 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops were coconuts, sugarcane, beans, and corn. There were 29,000 head of cattle (2006). There were no banks (2007) and 60 automobiles (74 motorcycles), giving a ratio of 45 inhabitants per automobile. 
The social indicators rank it in the bottom tier of municipalities in the state.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country--0,467--putting it in last place.
There were 4 health clinics (2 specialized) (2006). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Nanuque. Educational needs were met by 3 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 2 pre-primary schools. 

</doc>
<doc id="18661804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661804" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 60 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 60 kg

The Men's 60 kg Judo competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 9 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium. Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 pm CST. Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals and the final were held at 8:00 pm CST.
This event was the lightest of the men's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 60 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="18661805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661805" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 66 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 66 kg

The men's 66 kg tournament in judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 10 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium. Preliminary rounds were held at 12:00 pm CST. Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals and the final took place at 8:00 pm CST.
This event was the second-lightest of the men's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 66 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="18661806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661806" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 73 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 73 kg

The Men's 73 kg Judo competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 11 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium.
Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 Noon CST.
Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals and the final were held at 18:00pm CST.
This event was the third-lightest of the men's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 73 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.
Tournament results.
Main bracket.
The gold and silver medalists were determined by the final match of the main single-elimination bracket.
Repechage.
Those judoka eliminated in earlier rounds by the four semifinalists of the main bracket advanced to the repechage. These matches determined the two bronze medalists for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="18661807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661807" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 81 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 81 kg

The Men's 81 kg Judo competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 12 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium.
Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 Noon CST.
Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals and the final were held at 18:00pm CST.
This event was the median of the men's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 81 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="18661808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661808" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 90 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 90 kg

The Men's 90 kg Judo competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 13 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium.
Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 Noon CST.
Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals and the final were held at 18:00pm CST.
Rules.
This event was the third-heaviest of the men's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 90 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.
Tournament results.
Main bracket.
The gold and silver medalists were determined by the final match of the main single-elimination bracket.
Repechage.
Those judoka eliminated in earlier rounds by the four semifinalists of the main bracket advanced to the repechage. These matches determined the two bronze medalists for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="18661811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661811" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 kg

The men's 100 kg judo competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 14 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium. Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 pm CST.Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals and the final were held at 8:00 pm CST.
This event was the second-heaviest of the men's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 100 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="18661812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661812" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's +100 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's +100 kg

The Men's 100+ kg Judo competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 15 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium.
Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 Noon CST.
Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals and the final were held at 18:00pm CST.
This event was the heaviest of the men's judo weight classes, allowing competitors with over 100 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.
In this competition, the heaviest athlete of the Games, Ricardo Blas Jr., competed with a body weight of 210 kg. Despite his huge body, he was thrown away by his opponent in the first round, eliminating him from the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18661825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661825" title="Tuff-E-Nuff (tugboat)">
Tuff-E-Nuff (tugboat)

Tuff-E-Nuff, originally known as Thomas Cunningham Sr., was a late 19th-century tugboat which has had a remarkable 112-year commercial career. She was still operating as a working tugboat as recently as May 2007. She was sunk as an artificial reef in January of 2011. 
History.
"Thomas Cunningham Sr." was built in 1895 by Neafie & Levy of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania for the Army Corps of Engineers. She was operated by the Harbour Board of the Port of Richmond, Virginia for more than eighty years. 
After 45 years of service, "Thomas Cunningham Sr." was sent to Newport News for the annual inspection where she was placed into "durance vile"—meaning the vessel was considered unsafe to operate. Her papers were seized and she was suspended from duty until repairs were made. The main complaint was deck issues. The Richmond City Council quickly approved the budget extension for $8,000 to get the repairs completed and get their tug back. 
Starting in late 1948, "Thomas Cunningham Sr." finally got a much needed major refit. The wooden pilot house and deck were replaced with steel versions, and a Cleveland 8-268A diesel engine was installed to replace the original steam engine. The entire cost of the project, including sending two maintenance people to the Cleveland factory for training, was $65,927.02. Out of the nine bidders for the work, Dunn's Marine Railway, Inc. of West Norfolk won the bid and completed the work approximately $11,000 under budget. 
In 1977 the vessel was sold into private hands, and reportedly became a salvage tug in Florida. In May 2007, the tug was placed on the market by her owners, a salvage company, who were hoping to sell her to restorers. As of 2008, she was registered as a recreational vessel according to the U.S. Coast Guard's Port State Information eXchange. 
As of September 2010, "Tuff-E-Nuff" was on a sandbar in Georgia the organization Think It Sink It Reef It was working to sink the tug as an artificial reef.
On 17 January 2011, "Tuff-E-Nuff" was placed off St. Lucie, Florida as the Kyle Conrad Memorial Reef.
Mariners Museum collection.
In 1951, the ship's original engine was acquired by the Mariners' Museum at Newport News, Virginia. The engine has since been restored to working order—albeit powered by electricity rather than steam—and was recently taken off exhibition and put into storage at the museum.
The engine is a two-cylinder compound type with an stroke, and . The high-pressure cylinder is in diameter and the low-pressure cylinder is . The engine weighs approximately 14 tons and stands high. 
In addition to the engine, the museum also has on display a handcrafted 1:24 scale cutaway model of "Thomas Cunningham Sr.", as well as the original builder's plate for the engine.

</doc>
<doc id="18661835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661835" title="Bagley &amp; Wright">
Bagley &amp; Wright

Bagley & Wright was a spinning, doubling and weaving company based in Oldham, Lancashire, England. The business, which was active from 1867 until 1924, 'caught the wave' of the cotton-boom that existed following the end of the American Civil War in 1865 and experienced rapid growth in the United Kingdom and abroad.
In 1897, the business split into two with the sewing cotton operation being subsumed into the newly formed English Sewing Cotton Company (ESCC). The remainder of the Bagley & Wright business remaining independent in the form of Bagley & Wright Manufacturing. Although the Wright and Bagley families lost influence on the ESCC part of the business following a scandal over the distribution of dividends in 1902, they remained in control of Bagley and Wright Manufacturing until it was finally dissolved in 1924.
Throughout the existence of the business, the influence of the Wesleyan Church in Oldham was substantial in the formation of the friendships and partnerships that were the engines for business success.
The founders.
Benjamin Wright and Ralph Bagley were born in 1837 and 1839 respectively. Wright was born into poverty in Ashton-under-Lyne (also known as Ashton). His father William and mother Mary were both born in 1803 in Ashton and, by 1841, were living in the village of Lees, on the border with Oldham, with their nine children; Hannah 17-years, John 15, James 14, Sarah 11, Nancy 9, Eliza 7, Betty 5, Benjamin 3 and William aged 1. [http://www.thewrightsite.info] The three oldest children were working as cotton piecers, the middle three were at school and Benjamin and William junior were of pre-school age. Father William was an operative cotton spinner but Mary was not employed. Despite three of the children being employed, the family was poor. The father would command a 'reasonable' wage but the children would contribute little to family income. With six dependent mouths to feed, the family would have found life a struggle and the fact that Sarah at age 11 was still at school suggests that the parents were committed to their children's betterment. Financial pressure increased in 1843 with the birth of Joseph who was to play a major part in the business.
Benjamin started work at the age of seven 1845. His first job was as a little piecer in Henry Atherton's Woodend Cotton Mill on Woodend Street in Lees. This involved fetching and carrying for the spinner and piecer as well as keeping the mules clean by sweeping behind the carriages. He worked his way through the usual progression from little piecer to piecer and, sometime around the age of 20, was working as a qualified spinner. He moved to work for Daniel Collinge and Sons at Moorhey Mills (known locally as Dan Coll's factory) on Moorhey Street, Glodwick, and must have impressed, because he was given the position of 'Outlooker' at Dan Coll's and subsequent to that became manager of the mill.
It is not known how Benjamin Wright and his future business partner Ralph Bagley first met. However, it is known that they both worked at Dan Coll's.
Ralph was born at Cow Hill, Oldham, the son of Thomas Bagley (born 1798) a general labourer and Hannah (born 1799) a cotton hand-loom weaver. Thomas had been born in Manchester and Hannah in Cheshire. In 1851, Ralph was 12-years old and he and his younger sister Ann were at school. That Ralph was not in full-time employment at age twelve is unusual for working families of the time and reflects the fact that the family was small and the children were at an age where both parents were able to work. It is possible that the family had a loom in their home for Hannah to work on and this could have been an important factor. It is known that Ralph also had an older sister called Sarah who would have been 17-years old in 1851. However, Sarah does not appear in the 1851 census as resident at Cow Hill and she may have been living somewhere else as a 'live-in' housemaid. By 1861, she had returned to the family home (defined as 59 Cow Hill) to live with Thomas (65-years), Ralph (21-years) and Ann (19-years). By 1861, there is no record of Ralph's mother Hannah who would have been 62 years old. At this time, the average age at death for working class women was 53 and for men 47, so it is possible that Hannah had died between 1851 and 1861. The 1861 census shows that Ralph was employed as an iron turner, working in a factory and using a lathe to turn iron produced in the foundry into bars. Ann had found employment as a power loom weaver. This followed her mother's occupation but, at the same time, reflected the inexorable move towards automation.
Although Ralph Bagley was an iron turner in 1861 we do not know where he was working. The largest employers of iron turners in the area were the large textile machinery manufacturing companies. It seems possible that he might have changed his job to work in Dan Coll's factory. It is unlikely that, at the age of 22, he would have been able to retrain as a spinner, but he may have found employment in the workshop at Moorhey Mills where repairs to the mill machinery would have been undertaken. Whatever the nature of Ralph's job at Moorhey, it was likely to be here that he met Benjamin and formed the partnership that flourished over the next 40 years.
The presence of cotton spinning, coal mining, and iron founding can be seen in the jobs that the Wright and Bagley families were involved with in 1861. In addition to Bagley's job as an iron turner and Wright's cotton spinning, Wright's daughter Hannah (Benjamin's sister) had married Jacob Marland from Ashton whose family was related to the Marland family that owned Bower colliery. Jacob ran a small operation that employed five miners in Ashton, with two of his employees living as lodgers in his house.
The beginning of partnership – 1860 to 1870.
The partnership between Benjamin Wright and Ralph Bagley was based on friendship as well as business acumen. In the mid-1860s, the textile industry in Lancashire was undergoing one of its periods of rapid growth. The American Civil War that started in 1861, and caused the Lancashire Cotton Famine cotton towns, ended in 1865. Despite the famine during the first half of the decade, recovery afterwards was rapid and the cotton industry responded with a period of exuberant growth. For anyone with the necessary skills, knowledge and acceptance of risk, this was a time when entering into business was relatively easy. Budding entrepreneurs could rent 'space and power' from a mill owner operating as a commercial landlord. In many cases the entrepreneur would rent a floor of a mill which was served by line shafting powered by a steam engine somewhere else in the building. The floor might already have machinery (spinning mules, carding engines or looms) installed or he might have approached a cotton machinery manufacturer who would rent or lease the machinery to him. If up-front cash was a problem, the banks were likely to oblige with a loan.
By 1863, Bagley and Benjamin Wright had left their positions at Dan Coll's factory and had set up a partnership with Samuel Milne, a major figure in Oldham's cotton spinning industry. The business, called 'Bagley, Wright & Milne', started in part of an old (even then, it was old) shed in Roscoe Street in 1867. Wright's younger brother Joseph also joined this enterprise. Joseph Wright had started work in 1850 when he was 9-years old. His first employment was in the jenny gate but he graduated to minder and overlooker before taking a management role in the Bagley & Wright concern. Most of the Roscoe Street shed was taken up with looms but there was some spinning capacity on mules available for renting. Also around this time, Bagley and Benjamin Wright went into partnership with a spinner called John Marsden; the business being called John Marsden and Company based at Crabtree Mill. All of the partners of these concerns were followers of Wesleyan Methodism in Glodwick which was going through a period of rapid growth both in terms of numbers of followers and confidence. In the second half of the 19th century, Wesleyanism in particular and Methodism in general, were seen as the religion of choice for the upwardly mobile middle classes because of the encouragement that it gave its adherents to better themselves through work and enterprise. The religion of Wright's parents is unknown, but in 1866 Benjamin and Joseph Wright had joined Glodwick Trinity Wesleyan Church which was then held in 'The Old Garret' in Well Fold, Oldham.
Business growth – 1870 to 1880.
While the Wright brothers were dividing their time between business and church, their business associates were giving time to other aspects of public work. The Chadderton Board of Health had been formed (rather belatedly) in 1872 following government legislation. One of the first Board members was Joseph Wright's future business partner, Jakeh Travis, who was elected to it for the 1873/4 session. Also elected in that year was John Marland a colliery proprietor. John was the brother of Hannah Wright's husband Jacob Marland. Ten years later, Ralph Bagley would be elected as Chairman of the Committee.
In November 1875, Bagley and Benjemin Wright withdrew from John Marsden and Company to enable them to concentrate on their partnership with Samuel Milne. However, by 1877, the partnership with Samuel Milne had come to an end, and Bagley and Wright were trading under the name 'Bagley & Wright' from the Wellington and Lees mills with Joseph Wright mill manager at the Wellington. From these mills they manufactured crochet, embroidery, tatting and bonnet cotton as well as sewing thread; the latter being a relatively new introduction to their line. They were also producing fishing-net twine something that they became known and respected over many years. The growth of the company had, up to 1877, been rapid and they now saw a commercial imperative to appear daily (not necessarily personally) at the Manchester Royal Cotton Exchange where the cotton market for Lancashire was based. Here spinners tried to get the best deals for raw cotton from the importers of American cotton while simultaneously getting the highest available price for their yarn from weaving businesses.
While assisting in the development of the Bagley & Wright business, Joseph Wright was developing a business in his own right. Although Wellington Mill was by 1877 an integral part of the Bagley & Wright operations, it also provided the manufacturing base for a separate business called Travis, Freeman & Wright that was owned by Jakeh Travis, Thomas Freeman and Joseph. Like the Wright brothers, Jakeh Travis and Thomas Freeman were devout Wesleyans, so their meeting and partnership was not entirely happenstance. However, whereas Benjamin and Joseph were "new kids on the block", Jakeh was "old money", his family having been involved with the cotton industry from the early 19th century. Indeed, although he was involved in several enterprises, his input was financial rather than active. When he was elected to the Chadderton Board of Health his employment was listed as 'gentleman'; a clear indication that he did not need to work to maintain his income. By 1881, Benjamin's family employed an additional domestic help, a 20-year old servant called Harriet Mills from Wolverhampton. Having two or more domestic servants was the norm for cotton masters in Oldham at that time.
Consolidation – 1880 to 1890.
Over the period during which Bagley & Wright and Travis & Wright were consolidating the business, house construction struggled to keep abreast of the growth in worker numbers in Oldham. Most houses were in terraces aimed to provide workers with good sanitation and water supply. Although trams served many parts of the town, transport was still essentially by horse and carriage. For this reason, workers houses had to be near to the place of work. Both Benjamin and Joseph lived in terraced housing until around 1875; the same sort of housing that would be used by their employees. This was considered normal and only the most affluent of mill owners might be expected to move into houses reflecting their level of income. In 1881, Benjamin was 43-years old and Ann was 40. Living in Ashton-Under-Lyne, they now had three more children; Frank (9-years), Ethel Mary (6-years) and Gertrude.(2-years)
In 1871, Ralph had married and by 1881, he and his wife Betsy had four children; Travis (9-years), Annie (8-years) Clara (3-years) and Elizabeth (3-months).
Competition from other United Kingdom based spinning companies as well as an increasing flow of imported yarn and finished cloth made it essential to secure supplies of raw cotton and markets for the spun thread. The Company responded to these market pressures by consolidating both the supply and demand side of the operation.
By 1885 the Company had established an office in Liverpool so that it had a presence on the Liverpool Cotton Exchange to enable it to buy raw raw cotton at the lowest price.
In 1886, Bagley & Wright bought out the business and trade mark of Messrs. William Clapperton who were sewing thread manufacturers in Paisley, Scotland. Around this time they also bought into other businesses including the Crooklands Bobbin Mill to secure their supply of bobbins, and a 'spooling mill' in Montreal, Canada, to prepare their sewing threads exported for the North American market and thereby avoid large import taxes introduced by the Canadian Government. The spooling mill premises also provided a facility for the storage of finished cloth made at their Wood Top and Cliviger Mills in Burnley.
In the latter half of the 19th century, profit margins in the spinning industry came under increasing pressure. In addition to the growing strength of workers groups like the Operative Cotton Spinners Association, competition from abroad was increasing due to the export of automated textile machinery; something that had been unlawful until 1843. The growth in overseas yarn production also caused shortages in the supply of raw cotton and this raised raw cotton prices, putting further pressure on margins. The Lancashire cotton trade suffered a series of depressions during which the relationship between workers and mill owners became strained. Workers were asked by the Master Cotton Spinners Associations to accept cuts in wages and when these requests were met with militant action by the operative associations the Masters introduced 'lock-outs' that were intended to put financial pressure on the operatives.
In addition to short-term tactics like lock-outs, the Masters concluded that one way of controlling costs and income was to form syndicates with the objective of exerting better control over the market in which they operated. To a certain extent, Bagley & Wright had been at the forefront of this type of strategy by extending their business into the supply side.
Throughout most of their existence, the company had manufactured fishing net twines, cotton yarn of all types (except the very finest threads) and high quality sewing threads. This latter product was especially successful and sales grew strongly during the 1880s. By 1881, the sewing cotton side of the business had grown to such an extent that it had been decided to build a new 'state-of-the-art' mill. The company bought land off Honeywell Lane, Oldham and erected Belgrave Mill which subsequently became known as 'Belgrave Number 1 Mill' as a further three mills were erected on the site in the early part of the 20th century. Yarn produced at the Belgrave Number 1 Mill was bleached or dyed in an on-site facility. Belgrave #1 was designed by the architects Potts, Pickup and Dixon a leading firm of mill architects in Lancashire. No expense was spared, including the fitting of a steam engine built by Woolstenhulmes & Rye.
In addition to the Belgrave Mill, the company now owned Industry Mill, Crabtree Mill and Cliviger Shed in Burnley, as well as the other mills previously mentioned.
By 1889, the Company had purchased a weaving mill at Cliviger near Burnley to provide an additional market for their yarns. In 1890 they increased this capacity by renting part of Wood Top Mill (also in Burnley).
The success of the Company was reflected in a change of residence for both Benjamin and Ralph. Sometime between 1881 and 1891, Benjamin and Ann moved with their family to recently built houses on Queens Road, overlooking Belgrave #1 Mill across Alexandra Park. This change reflects the family's growing wealth and status within the community. Benjamin's home at number 53 was only a few doors away from number 67 where Ralph and his family had lived until moving to Edward Street, Werneth around 1890. Due to ill-health, Thomas Freeman withdrew from the Travis, Freeman & Wright business in September 1888. The business carried on with the remaining two partners under the title of Travis & Wright.
Division and conglomeration - 1890 to 1900.
By the late 19th century the Company had established a large warehouse and office block on Cannon Street in central Manchester and a second warehouse at the junction of Union Street and Priory Street in Oldham. There were branch offices in Glasgow and Belfast and offices and warehouses in Melbourne, Bombay and Moscow.
In 1890 Bagley & Wright's occupied Wood Top Mill to further complement their weaving capability at Cliviger Mill. On 28 Decemberin 1892 a memorandum was written by Ralph Bagley to 'J. Feilding Esq.' Secretary of the Operative Cotton Spinners Association (the spinners Trade Union) informing him that a forthcoming meeting had been cancelled. The heading of the memorandum lists the Company's Mills as: Wellington, Industry, and Belgrave in Oldham and Wood Top Shed in Burnley. In the archives of Burnley library is a reference written on Bagley & Wright notepaper in 1895 for a Mr. John Watson who 'has been in our company for over five years as an overlooker & have always been found him a steady hand & competent workman'. The reference is signed by R. Sagar for Bagley & Wright. In 1895, the company's sewing cotton business was still expanding and a considerable investment was made in the extension of the Belgrave Mill to provide greater manufacturing capacity. In 1895 several British producers of sewing cotton yarn opened discussions on how they might combine their assets and markets to protect themselves from increasing competition from overseas. The companies decided to form a 'conglomerate' through which they would be in a better position to cooperate on the purchase of raw material and the combined marketing of their products. The aim was to cooperate rather than compete.
Around 1893, the Company bought a mill at Crooklands to secure the supply of bobbins that they needed. The bobbin mill at Crooklands lay between Milnthorpe and Kendal. The English Lake District was a major centre for the production of bobbins because of the availability of trees to use as the raw material and water courses to drive water wheels to power the machinery. The Crooklands Mill was built some time before it was taken over by Bagley & Wright who certainly owned it between 1894 and 1897. In 1906 the Mill had passed into the ownership of Messrs. A. Bell and Co., so it is possible that the Mill was retained by Bagley & Wright until after Benjamin's death in 1905.
The Bobbin Mill made use of an old horse-drawn tramway that passed closely by on an embankment. The tramway was originally built to serve a large gunpowder factory at nearby Gatebeck. The factory was owned by Wakefield and Co., one of the largest manufacturers of gunpowder in Great Britain in the 19th century. The tramway had horses pulling wagons of gunpowder from the factory to a wharf on the Lancaster Canal where it was dispatched to mines or to the military. The horses were shod in copper shoes so that sparks would not ignite the gunpowder. Before 1900, the tramway had been extended from the canal wharf to Milnthorpe where there was, by then, a railway station.
In 1867, the Crooklands Mill had been powered by a water wheel with a mill stream taken off the nearby Peasey Beck. At this stage, the Mill consisted of about 3 buildings and bobbins must have been transported to the canal by horse and cart. By 1900, a spur line has been built from the tramway, across the Peasey Beck and into an open shed in the Mill grounds. There is evidence that the Mill stabled horses to be used in pulling wagons of bobbins onto the main tramway line and down to the canal or onwards to the station at Milnthorpe.
In 1895 the Company's sewing cotton business was still expanding and a considerable investment was made in the extension of the Belgrave #1 Mill to provide greater manufacturing capacity.
In 1897, fourteen companies involved in the spinning of sewing cotton combined to form the 'English Sewing Cotton Company Limited' (ESCC)[http://www.spinningtheweb.org.uk/web/objects/common/webmedia.php?irn=257]. In all cases, the Directors or Proprietors of each of the individual companies became Directors of ESCC. While some of the individual companies had previously only been involved with the manufacture of sewing cotton, Bagley & Wright had many other interests including yarn for weaving, fishing-net twine, crochet yarn etc. The Bagley & Wright business split into two; one part being subsumed into ESCC with Benjamin and Ralph as Directors, the other part staying independent. In effect, the ESCC was a 'holding company' and each of the fourteen companies within it maintained their own name and style of management.
The Belgrave #1 Mill was completely turned over to the manufacture of sewing cotton and was the Bagley & Wright 'contribution' to the ESCC. Bagley & Wright's other manufacturing activities were carried out in their other mills. From this point on, there are two listings for Bagley & Wright in the trade directories of the time. As an example, the 1901 Kelly's Directory of Oldham shows the following: (1) Bagley & Wright Limited, cotton manufacturers and doublers, Belgrave Mill, Honeywell Lane. (2) Bagley & Wright Manufacturing Co., cotton spinners and doublers; warehouse, Union Street; Wellington Mill, Wellington Street & Crabtree Mill, Bridge Street, Oldham Edge.
In 1898, the ESCC made a decision to enter the American market by purchasing a number of New England mills in the USA. These acquisitions, including the Willimantic Linen Company were consolidated into the American Thread Company [http://www.lib.uconn.edu/online/research/speclib/ASC/findaids/Amerthre/MSS19980302.html]. This purchase and consolidation was to have serious consequences for ESCC by 1902.
Other than for the observation that Benjamin's sons had stayed at school longer than was the norm for less affluent families, the jobs that they took up after leaving school were relatively menial. In 1881, at the age of 18, his son Herbert had been a clerk within the Bagley & Wright business. Ten years later, in 1891, sons George Harrop Wright (21) and Frank Wright (18) were bookkeepers. Perhaps the greatest deviation from the 'work from the bottom' idea was that the sons did not have to experience the manual jobs of piecing and spinning. Clearly, the aim was to provide the sons with experience of various positions within the business to prepare them for future ownership. Because the business was so extensive, other family members could also be brought in and groomed for future management. Thus, Henry, the eldest son of Benjamin's brother Joseph, was a clerk at Wellington mill in 1891 while his father was the proprietor of Travis & Wright at the same mill. By 1901, Joseph's second son Benjamin (we will call him 'Benjamin junior' to identify him from his Uncle Benjamin) was a warehouseman at Bagley & Wright's Union Street warehouse.
Division – 1900 to 1910.
The ESCC operation hit stormy waters early in the 20th century. The investment that the company had to commit in forming the American Thread Company (ATCO) was much larger than originally estimated and returns were slow in materialising. The value of shares in the ESCC dropped sharply. An article in "The Guardian" newspaper in April 1902 noted that an extraordinary general meeting of the ESCC directors and shareholders was to take place on 23 April. The purposes of the meeting were to (1) discuss the company's position in regard to its management and finances, (2) to enquire into the reasons for the loss of share value and (3) take steps to reorganise the Company Board to protect the Company from issues arising from its holding in the American Thread Company. The shareholders were concerned that a large amount of ESCC money had been placed in a reserve fund for the purpose of paying a dividend to shareholders. The problem, from the point of view of most shareholders was that the directors of the mills in the USA that had been bought out to form the ATCO had all been issued with large numbers of ATCO and ESCC shares as part of the consolidation. The effect was that share value had been diluted. Solicitors and accountants working on behalf of the shareholders stated that the use of a reserve fund for the payment of a dividend could be illegal under English law. Prior to this meeting, the ESCC Board consisted of 24 directors, all of whom were directors of the individual companies that had combined to form the holding in 1897 plus several directors of American companies. To improve management efficiency the meeting decided that the Board membership should be reduced to 12 with half of this number being ordinary shareholders unconnected with either the individual ESCC enterprises or the ATCO mills. From this point onwards, neither Ralph Bagley nor Benjamin Wright sat on the ESCC Board although they continued to own substantial share holdings in the ESCC.
From the ESCC's perspective, the collection of firms that formed the basis of their operation was identified as being inefficient. Whenever there was a turndown in the market for sewing thread, the overheads due to running numerous mills, each with its own management and administrative structure, was a liability. By 1905, the company had decided that 'concentration' was required and steps were taken to reduce overheads and improve operating efficiency.
In 1905, the year of Benjamin's death, Ralph Bagley was 66 years old.
The English Sewing Cotton Company's Report of 25 July 1907 listed that the following results of 'concentration' were that (1) A linen thread mill was sold to round off the trust's sphere of business, (2) The production of the Egerton Mill was transferred, the report explaining that the trust 'had sufficient reserve productive capacity at other mills to enable them to deal with the trade conducted at that branch' and (3) The plant of the Belgrave Mill at Oldham was removed, and the site and buildings sold. Finally, 'a further concentration took place by the transfer of the business of R. F. & J. Alexander & Co., carried on at Duke Street, Glasgow, to one of the other branches of that company'. Contemporaneously with this policy of concentration, output was centralised by the connection of the ESCC with Messrs. Coats, and the system of common sales established in 1906 through a newly formed organisation called the Central Thread Agency. The net profits of the ESCC greatly increased following that step, though, for the most part, this was due to improved market conditions. The net trading profit for ESCC, which had been £170,829 in 1904, and only £92,614 in 1905, rose to £254,846 in 1907 and was maintained in 1908 at £251,938 although we have no record of the capital deployed.
Oldham Family Records and Archives have records of those eligible for jury service around the turn of the 19th century. The records provide an interesting insight into the wealth of the people on the list because it gives the amount of money for which each person has been assessed to contribute to the Poor Rate of the Borough. Jurors had to be property owners because this was seen as a measure of responsibility. The entries for Ralph Bagley, Benjamin Wright and George Harrop Wright in 1903 show that Ralph Bagley carried a Poor Rate assessment of £420 while Banjamin Wright was assessed at £276. Both were identified as 'Special Jurors'.
Being defined as a 'Special Juror' depended entirely on the amount that had been assessed for Poor Rate and this, in turn, depended on the wealth of the individual measured by the value of the property that they inhabited. In 19th century England and for several decades after the end of Victoria's reign, an Englishman of wealth and standing could, if required to defend him/her-self in a court of law, request that the jury was constituted from peers on the grounds that they would not be adversely prejudiced. Special Jurors were those who might be called upon to stand as jurors at such a trial. It was not until 1949 that this privilege of the wealthy and landed gentry was repealed. [http://www.opsi.gov.uk/RevisedStatutes/Acts/ukpga/1949/cukpga_19490027_en_1#pt2-l1g6].
Benjamin Wright died on 5 May 1905 at home on Queen's Street, Oldham. As befitting his status within the town, his funeral was in the finest Victorian tradition. A description of the cortege in the "Oldham" Chronicle on 9 May described the scene. After noting that the interment was at Green Acres cemetery in Oldham, the article lists the occupants of the nine carriages each 'drawn by two bay horses'. In addition to his widow and seventeen members of his close family, the cortege included Ralph Bagley and his wife, representatives of Trinity Wesleyan Church and major cotton industrialists from the town.
In his will, Benjamin left a net estate of £33,557 (over £13.28 m as a 2006 value using the average earnings indicator as the comparator. [http://www.measuringworth.com/ukcompare/]) His will detailed his wishes that his private and business assets be formed into a trust for the benefit of his children and grand children. His widow and eldest son Herbert were trustees and Herbert was to take over the running of the Bagley & Wright Manufacturing partnership in place of his father.
Jakeh Travis died in 1907 and the Travis & Wright business was formally dissolved in January 1908. Two years later, after the death of his wife, Joseph Wright retired. He was to live another 20 years.
Closure - 1910 onwards.
After the sale of Belgrave Number 1 Mill by ESCC, the new owners built three new mills on the site. These were erected in 1907, 1910, and 1914 respectively. Number 3 Mill was the first in Oldham to be powered entirely by electricity.
In 1919, Herbert Wright re-formed and consolidated the independent (non-ESCC) Bagley & Wright Manufacturing operation into a Limited Company (Bagley & Wright Manufacturing Company (1919) Limited). In 1924 this company was dissolved and the assets sold. Herbert died on 10 October 1934 leaving net personal assets of ££27,509 (£5.08M in 2006).
In 1927, Bagley & Wright Limited (the ESCC business) was still being quoted on the Oldham Stock Exchange. At this time, the business had 200,000 £1 shares that were valued at 14 shillings and 9 pence. Its capital value was £151,753 and 'loan owner' claims stood at £123,568. Liabilities were £56,918 and the profit and loss account showed a deficit of £86,512.

</doc>
<doc id="18661838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661838" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 48 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 48 kg

The women's 48 kg judo competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 9 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium. Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 pm CST. Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals, and the final were held at 6:00 pm CST.
This event was the lightest of the women's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 48 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.
Tournament results.
Repechage.
Those judoka eliminated in earlier rounds by the four semifinalists of the main bracket advanced to the repechage. These matches determined the two bronze medalists for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="18661839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661839" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 52 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 52 kg

The Women's 52 kg (also known as "half-lightweight") tournament in the judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 10, at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium. A total of 22 women competed in this event, limited to jūdōka with a body weight of less than 52 kilograms.
Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 CST, while repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals and the final were held at 18:00 CST.
This event was the second-lightest of the women's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 52 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.
Tournament results.
Mat 1.
The gold and silver medalists were determined by the final match of the main single-elimination bracket.
Mat 2.
The gold and silver medalists were determined by the final match of the main single-elimination bracket.
Repechage.
Those judoka eliminated in earlier rounds by the four semifinalists of the main bracket advanced to the repechage. These matches determined the two bronze medalists for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="18661843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661843" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 57 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 57 kg

The women's 57 kg (also known as "lightweight") tournament in the judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 11 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium. A total of 22 women competed in this event, limited to jūdōka with a body weight of less than 57 kilograms. Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 Noon CST. Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals and the final were held at 18:00pm CST.
This event was the third-lightest of the women's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 57 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.
Tournament results.
Mat 1.
The gold and silver medalists were determined by the final match of the main single-elimination bracket.
Mat 2.
The gold and silver medalists were determined by the final match of the main single-elimination bracket.
Repechage.
Those judoka eliminated in earlier rounds by the four semifinalists of the main bracket advanced to the repechage. These matches determined the two bronze medalists for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="18661845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661845" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 63 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 63 kg

The women's 63 kg (also known as "light-middleweight") tournament in the judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 11 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium. A total of 25 women competed in this event, limited to jūdōka with a body weight of less than 63 kilograms. Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 Noon CST. Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals and the final were held at 18:00pm CST.
This event was the median of the women's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 63 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="18661846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661846" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 70 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 70 kg

The women's 70 kg (also known as "middleweight") tournament in the judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 13 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium. A total of 22 women competed in this event, limited to jūdōka with a body weight of less than 70 kilograms. Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 Noon CST. Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals and the final were held at 18:00pm CST.
This event was the third-heaviest of the women's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 70 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="18661849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661849" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 78 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 78 kg

The women's 78 kg (also known as "half-heavyweight") tournament in the judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 14 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium. A total of 21 women competed in this event, limited to jūdōka with a body weight of less than 78 kilograms.
Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 Noon CST. Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals and the final were held at 18:00pm CST.
This event was the second-heaviest of the women's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 78 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="18661850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661850" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's +78 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's +78 kg

The women's +78 kg (also known as "heavyweight") tournament in the judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 15 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium. A total of 21 women competed in this event, limited to jūdōka with a body weight of more than 78 kilograms. Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 Noon CST. Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals and the final were held at 18:00pm CST.
This event was the heaviest of the women's judo weight classes, allowing competitors with over 78 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="18661854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661854" title="Lucy Jane Bledsoe">
Lucy Jane Bledsoe

Lucy Jane Bledsoe (born February 1, 1957 in Portland, Oregon, USA) is a novelist and science writer, who writes both fiction and non-fiction books for children and adults. She focuses on LGBT literature and has received several awards for her fictional and non-fictional writings, establishing herself as a Stonewall Book Award winner and four-time Lambda Literary Award finalist.
Biography.
Bledsoe was born into a family of many members in Portland, Oregon, USA, where she grew up. Bledsoe stated in an interview that she started writing stories when she was young and had always wanted to become a writer. She was inspired to write by her high school teacher. From 1975 to 1977, Bledsoe attended Williams College. She earned a B.A. at University of California at Berkeley in 1979. Bledsoe is openly lesbian.
Career and honors.
Bledsoe writes both fiction and non-fiction books, though to her contemporary fiction is most interesting to write, as she loves "exploring imagination". Bledsoe has said that her works are influenced by many authors, among them are James Baldwin, Willa Cather, Adrienne Rich, Barbara Kingsolver. While her writings primarily focus LGBT literature, Bledsoe also writes about family relationships and adventures in the wild.
In 1985, she received the PEN Syndicated Fiction Award. In 1995, Bledsoe published "Sweat: Stories and a Novella", which helped her garner her first Lambda Literary Award finalist title for Lesbian Fiction. In 1997, she wrote her first adult novel "Working Parts", for which she received the 1998 Stonewall Book Award - the American Library Association Gay/Lesbian/Bisexual Award for Literature.
In 1998, "Lesbian Travels: A Literary Companion, Whereabout Books", which she worked on as the editor, garnered her a second Lambda Literary Award finalist title, this time for Anthologies/Non-Fiction. In 2002, Bledsoe was awarded a California Arts Council fellowship in literature.
Bledsoe's 2002 children book "Hoop Girlz", which is about a ten-year-old girl who loves playing basketball but, due to being rejected to play in a basketball camp tournament, she decides to form her own team. "Hoop Girlz" was selected as one of "Booklist" 's Top 10 Sports Books for Youth of the year and featured among Core Collection: Sports Fiction for Girls. Her second Lambda Literary Award finalist title for Lesbian Fiction (third Lambda Literary Award finalist title when counting all categories) came in 2003 with the publication of her second adult novel "This Wild Silence".
Bledsoe has travelled to Antarctica three times and written three books about Antarctica, "How to Survive in Antarctica", "The Ice Cave: A Woman's Adventures from the Mojave to the Antarctic", and "The Big Bang Symphony". Her newest novel "Biting the Apple" was published in 2007 and is currently a finalist for the 20th Annual Lambda Literary Awards in the category Women's fiction.
Besides writing, Bledsoe is a CD-ROM script writer for National Geographic and several other educational organizations, e.g. George Lucas Educational Foundation. From 1997 to 2003, she taught scriptwriting in the Masters of Creative Writing Graduate Program at the University of San Francisco. Bledsoe contributes to several magazines, including "Newsday", "Conditions", "Ms.", "Fiction International", and "Frontiers".
Bledsoe is a member of Media Alliance and National Writers Union. Her books have been translated into Japanese, Chinese, Spanish, German, and Dutch. Bledsoe has been given two National Science Foundation artist and writers in Antarctica fellowships.

</doc>
<doc id="18661864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661864" title="Peter Bratt">
Peter Bratt

Peter Bratt (born 29 April 1944) is a Swedish journalist. For many years he worked for the national Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter until he stopped there in 2003. Through he career he has written many critical texts on the Swedish Social Democratic Party.
The IB-affair.
Peter Bratt revealed Informationsbyrån together with Jan Guillou in the magazine Folket i Bild/Kulturfront. This was to be known at the IB affair. He also published his own book on IB from Gidlunds förlag (publisheres) in 1973, "IB och hotet mot vår säkerhet" (IB and the threat against our security).
The Geijer affair.
In November 1977 Peter Bratt published an article in Dagens Nyheter on a memo in which the National Police Commissioner had stated that the Minister for Justice Lennart Geijer was a security risk. This led to the Geijer affair.

</doc>
<doc id="18661880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661880" title="Ring (Gary Burton album)">
Ring (Gary Burton album)

Ring is an album by the Gary Burton Quintet with Eberhard Weber.

</doc>
<doc id="18661883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661883" title="Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 80 kg">
Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 80 kg

The men's 80 kg competition in taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 22 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium.
Competition format.
The main bracket consisted of a single elimination tournament, culminating in the gold medal match. Two bronze medals were awarded at the taekwondo competitions. A repechage was used to determine the bronze medal winners. Every competitor who lost to one of the two finalists competed in the repechage, another single-elimination competition. Each semifinal loser faced the last remaining repechage competitor from the opposite half of the bracket in a bronze medal match.
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18661887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661887" title="Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's +80 kg">
Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's +80 kg

The men's +80 kg competition in taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 23 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium.
Cuban competitor Ángel Valodia Matos was leading 3-2 in the bronze medal bout against Kazakhstan's Arman Chilmanov, until he apparently suffered a broken toe, and was subsequently disqualified for exceeding the allotted one minute of injury time. Matos kicked referee Chakir Chelbat in the face, pushed a judge and spat on the floor of the arena before being escorted out by security. His coach, Leudin González, criticized the referee's ruling as too strict and also accused Kazakhstan of bribing officials.
The World Taekwondo Federation (WTF) said that Matos and González (pending IOC approval and a possible appeal) would be banned from all its future sanctioned events and his records at the Beijing Games would be erased. As Chelbat received a cut lip that required seven stitches, the WTF also considered taking legal action against the Cuban team.
Competition format.
The main bracket consisted of a single elimination tournament, culminating in the gold medal match. Two bronze medals were awarded at the taekwondo competitions. A repechage was used to determine the bronze medal winners. Every competitor who lost to one of the two finalists competed in the repechage, another single-elimination competition. Each semifinal loser faced the last remaining repechage competitor from the opposite half of the bracket in a bronze medal match.
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18661892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661892" title="Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 49 kg">
Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 49 kg

The women's 49 kg competition in taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 20 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium.
Competition format.
The main bracket consisted of a single elimination tournament, culminating in the gold medal match. Two bronze medals were awarded at the taekwondo competitions. A repechage was used to determine the bronze medal winners. Every competitor who lost to one of the two finalists competed in the repechage, another single-elimination competition. Each semifinal loser faced the last remaining repechage competitor from the opposite half of the bracket in a bronze medal match.
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18661893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661893" title="Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 57 kg">
Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 57 kg

The women's 57 kg competition in taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 21 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium.
Competition format.
The main bracket consisted of a single elimination tournament, culminating in the gold medal match. Two bronze medals were awarded at the taekwondo competitions. A repechage was used to determine the bronze medal winners. Every competitor who lost to one of the two finalists competed in the repechage, another single-elimination competition. Each semifinal loser faced the last remaining repechage competitor from the opposite half of the bracket in a bronze medal match.
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18661897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661897" title="Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 67 kg">
Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 67 kg

The women's 67 kg competition in taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 22 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium.
Competition format.
The main bracket consisted of a single elimination tournament, culminating in the gold medal match. Two bronze medals were awarded at the taekwondo competitions. A repechage was used to determine the bronze medal winners. Every competitor who lost to one of the two finalists competed in the repechage, another single-elimination competition. Each semifinal loser faced the last remaining repechage competitor from the opposite half of the bracket in a bronze medal match.
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18661898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661898" title="Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's +67 kg">
Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's +67 kg

The women's +67 kg competition in taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on 23 August at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium.
Competition format.
The main bracket consisted of a single elimination tournament, culminating in the gold medal match. Two bronze medals were awarded at the taekwondo competitions. A repechage was used to determine the bronze medal winners. Every competitor who lost to one of the two finalists competed in the repechage, another single-elimination competition. Each semifinal loser faced the last remaining repechage competitor from the opposite half of the bracket in a bronze medal match.
Controversy.
The quarterfinal match between Sarah Stevenson of Great Britain and China's Chen Zhong on August 23 was plagued by controversy. Chen Zhong had led 1-0 through most of the match but 4 seconds before the end, Stevenson landed a clear strike to the face of her opponent. However, only half the judges recorded the hit which was thus not registered, dashing Stevenson's olympic hopes of gaining her the two points that would have secured her a quick victory. Stevenson's coach was furious and protested to the referee and judges, but initially Zhong was awarded the match. The British team protested for over an hour and on seeing the clear video footage of the strike to the face, unprecedently in the sport of Taekwondo, the judges decision was repealed and it was Stevenson who went through to the semi-finals against Maria del Rosario Espinoza of Mexico. Espinoza however, with a disoriented crowd looking on at the loss of their Chinese gold medal hope, secured a clear victory over Stevenson and went on to win gold, whilst Stevenson took bronze in the bronze medal match against the Egyptian Noha Abd Rabo.
On announcing the change of result in the quarter final, the tournament director said: 
"The competition supervisory board has looked into this matter deeply, has made video analysis which has been open to all the referees and judges. In applying paragraph two of page 64 of the competition rules of the World Taekwondo Federation we have to change this result and we have to declare the British player as winner. We are very sorry to the spectators of China but justice is first. Thank you for understanding."
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18661904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661904" title="Melincourt (novel)">
Melincourt (novel)

Melincourt is the second novel of Thomas Love Peacock, published in 1817. It is based on the "idea of an orang-outang mimicking humanity" (see James Burnett, Lord Monboddo). An orangutan called Sir Oran Haut-Ton is put forward as a candidate for election as a Member of Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18661954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661954" title="Maid Marian (novel)">
Maid Marian (novel)

Maid Marian is the fourth novel of Thomas Love Peacock, published in 1822.
Peacock wrote all but the last three chapters of "Maid Marian" at Marlow in 1818. He wrote to Percy Bysshe Shelley that he did not find "this brilliant summer," of 1818, "very favourable to intellectual exertion" but before it was quite over "rivers, castles, forests, abbeys, monks, maids, kings, and banditti were all dancing before me like a masked ball." However in 1819 Peacock was recruited to the East India Company where his official duties delayed the completion and publication of the novel until 1822. As a result of the delay, it was taken for an imitation of "Ivanhoe" although its composition had, in fact, preceded Scott's novel. It was soon dramatised with great success by Planché, and was translated into French and German.

</doc>
<doc id="18661959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661959" title="CFGM-FM">
CFGM-FM

CFGM-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a community radio/tourist information programing at 102.7 FM in Caledon, Ontario.
Owned by Rick Sargent, the station was licenced on October 15, 2007.
On April 9, 2008, the station proposed to add an FM transmitter at Caledon to broadcast the programming of CJFB-FM Bolton in order to serve the population of Caledon. The licensee is seeking to convert CFGM-FM 102.7 (Caledon) to a transmitter of CJFB-FM. That application was denied on July 31, 2008.
CFGM was a former call sign of a radio station in Toronto, which is known today as CFMJ.
On January 29, 2009, Rick Sargent applied for a broadcasting licence to operate an English-language FM commercial radio programming undertaking in Caledon on the frequency 102.7 MHz. The station received CRTC approval on June 17, 2009. In August 2009, the station's branding was known as "The View" with an adult contemporary/variety hits format.
On March 14, 2012, the CRTC approved the application by Haliburton Broadcasting Group Inc. for authority to acquire from Rick Sargent the assets of the english-language commercial radio stations CJFB-FM Bolton and CFGM-FM Caledon, Ontario, and for broadcasting licences to continue the operation of the stations.
On April 23, 2012 Vista Broadcast Group, which owns a number of radio stations in western Canada, announced a deal to acquire Haliburton Broadcasting, in cooperation with Westerkirk Capital. The transaction was approved by the CRTC on October 19, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18661960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661960" title="Richard L. Jenkins">
Richard L. Jenkins

Richard Leos Jenkins (3 June 1903 - 30 December 1991) was an American psychiatrist known for his work in child psychiatry and juvenile delinquency.
Jenkins earned his A.B. from Stanford University in 1925 and his M.D. from University of Chicago.
In the 1930s he published on intelligence and "mongolism." His work on psychometrics with Louis Leon Thurstone found that the youngest child is usually the smartest, and children of older parents are usually smarter than peers.
Jenkins held teaching appointments at several schools, including Acting Superintendent of the Institutue for Juvenile Research and Associate Professor of Psychiatry at the University of Illinois College of Medicine. He served as the Veterans Administration psychiatric research chief and psychiatric evaluation project chief from 1949 to 1961. He then was appointed professor and child psychiatry division chief at the University of Iowa. He was on the committee which oversaw the second edition of the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders."
In later life he co-edited several books and self-published a volume of poems. Jenkins died in Iowa City, Iowa of a cerebral hemorrhage.

</doc>
<doc id="18661963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661963" title="Astaboran languages">
Astaboran languages

The Astaboran, Northern Eastern Sudanic, or Eastern "k" Sudanic languages form one of two primary divisions of the Eastern Sudanic languages. They are characterized by having a /k/ in the pronoun "I/me", as opposed to the Kir–Abbaian (Southern) languages, which have an /n/. 
The most famous Astaboran language is Nubian. Assuming it's Nilo-Saharan, the ancient Meroitic language appears on limited evidence to be closest to languages of this group, such as Nyima and Nubian.

</doc>
<doc id="18661972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661972" title="James E Katz">
James E Katz

James E. Katz PhD is a communication scholar with an expertise in new media, (especially concerning the Internet, social media, and mobile phone). He has published widely and is frequently invited to comment on his research at both academic and public policy forms as well as to give interviews to media outlets.
In 2012, Katz was appointed the Feld Professor of Emerging Media at Boston University’s College of Communication citationIn addition, he directs its newly established Division of Emerging Media Studies [need citation. Prior to his appointment, he was professor and chair of the Department of Communication at Rutgers University, NJ, USA, where he also directed the Center for Mobile Communication Studies. Also at Rutgers University, in 2012, he received the highest honor that can be bestowed on one of its faculty members, the designation of Board of Governors Professor of Communication citation. Preceding his tenure at Rutgers, Katz served as a Senior Scientist directing the social science research unit at Bell Communications Research (Bellcore). Katz has also taught at the University of Texas, Austin, where he also served as chair of the Austin World Affairs Council. He has also served term as editor-in-chief of Human Communication Research [http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/journal/10.1111/%28ISSN%291468-2958, a flagship journal of the International Communication Association [http://www.icahdq.org/].
Since receiving his Ph.D. in Sociology from Rutgers University in 1975, he has published over 15 books on topics ranging from government and scientific policy to museums, mobile devices and the use of social media. His books have been translated into many languages including Italian, Spanish and Japanese. Along with Rutgers colleague Mark Aakhus he developed the concept of Apparatgeist, related to how people develop relationships with their technologies, and how they seek to find transcendental ways to communicate. His recently published "Handbook of Mobile Communication Studies" (2008) has been a top-seller in the category of Computer and Internet books on Amazon. The book consists of 32 edited chapters that discuss the range of mobile phone usage around the world, much of which was originally presented at a conference held at Rutgers University in 2005. His co-edited volume, Perpetual Contact, has been described by "Work, Employment and Society" as a 'collection will promote further debate in fields concerning the social construction of technologies, communications and media.'
Quotes about James E. Katz's publications.
"Handbook of Mobile Communication Studies" (2008)
"In trying to cast a wide net, yet maintain an internal coherency to the collection, Katz makes wise choices in his arrangement of chapters into thematic sections: Digital Divides and Social Mobility; Sociality and Co-presence; Politics and Social Change; Culture and Imagination.…the volume’s breadth establishes it as a valuable resource for researchers and students of mobile communications." --"Information, Communication & Society"
"Magic in the Air" (2006)
"A pioneering figure in mobile studies, James Katz offers us a fascinating, authoritative, and profoundly human assessment of this enchanting technology's place in communications and society. Katz guides us on an illuminating journey through religion, public space, fashion, education, information, and even 9/11--an indispensable account of the mobile's past, present, and futures." --Gerard Goggin, Dept. of Media and Communications, The University of Sydney
"Connections" (2003)
"A fine assembly of research-based observations on the complex place of the telephone in American society. James Katz's mastery of his subject shines through every chapter." --Robert K. Merton, University Professor Emeritus, Columbia University
"Machines that become us: The social context of personal communication technology." (2003)
"Perpetual contact: Mobile communication, private talk, public performance" (2002)
"or those interested in social and cultural aspects of mobile communication, the studies in Perpetual Contact are insightful and exciting because one gets a sense of how scholars are using and redefining key communication concepts, including public and private mobility, symbolic capital, the everyday, and affect." --"Canadian Journal of Communication"
"Social consequences of Internet use: Access, involvement and expression" (2002)
"...an interesting and important contribution to the study of the Internet and its usage within the United States...and Rice have put together a fairly comprehensive analysis of the social consequences of Internet usage and offer us a compilation of their own research." --"Social Science Computer Review"
"...this book should be read by those interested in seeing a 21st-century example of the culture of poverty thesis." --"Social Science Computer Review"
"Overall, this book serves as an excellent resource in organizing discussions around Internet use and its societal consequences...The authors provide an exceptional review of the field and neatly tie together quantitative survey results with the richness of qualitative studies." --"Information, Communication & Society"
"The book is clearly written and delivers so many new insights into the understanding of the relationship between Internet users and the wider society that it deserves a wide readership. The carefully developed methodology, the extremely dense quantitative data, which are backed up with concrete examples, and some ethnographic observations, set a very high standard for future research on the Net." --"Contemporary Sociology"
"The Internet and Health Communication: Experiences and Expectations." (2001)
"One of the many strengths of the book is its balanced perspective of the roles of information technology and CMC…A second strength is its applied and interdisciplinary focus." --"The Journal of Health Communication"
"...this book is a ‘must read’ for anyone interested in health communication and CMC. The range of topics is impressive from a communication standpoint, encompassing intrapersonal, interpersonal, organizational, and mass communication contexts." --"The Journal of Health Communication"
"Perhaps this book’s greatest contribution will be as a testament to some of the earliest hopes and initial enthusiasm for the Internet during the beginning years of healthcare in the new millennium." --"Communication Booknotes Quarterly"
"The Implications of Third World Military Industrialization: Sowing the Serpents’ Teeth" (1986)
"Katz and his colleagues have added to our knowledge and understanding of Third-World military-industrialization and provided us with abundant material for cross-national comparisons and theoretical generalizations on other issues as well." --"American Political Science Review"
"Arms Production in Developing Countries" (1984)
"A significant addition to the arms-transfer bookshelf." --"Foreign Affairs"
"…this volume is bound to be regarded as significant by scholars interested in the foreign policy of third-world countries. The approach is empirical and rigorous, and the structure of the volume is quite satisfactory." --"The American Political Science Review"
"Congress and National Energy Policy" (1984)
"Katz presents an excellent framework for analyzing congressional behavior by relating Congress’ actions in energy policy to some of the literature on organizational theory." --"The American Political Science Review"
"Congress and National Energy Policy is easily the most important assessment to date of the dynamics of energy policymaking in the United States." --"Social Science Quarterly"
"Nuclear Power in Developing Countries" (1982) 
"A series of well-researched essays, organized on a country-by-country basis." --"Foreign Affairs", Fall 1982
"...a fascinating picture not just of the progress, or lack of it, of nuclear power in different countries, but of the process of energy decision-making, and the external and internal forces which have influenced it." --"Development Policy Review", May 1984
"...an extremely readable and thought-provoking analysis and commentary on an area undeservedly neglected up to now." --"Development Policy Review", May 1984
"Presidential Politics and Science Policy" (1978)
"…a welcome contribution to the literature of American science policy, the sociology of science, and the politics of science and government...it contributes importantly to an emerging field of political science—science, technology, and public policy…" --"The Journal of Politics"
"The work is lucidly written and well researched, with an excellent bibliography and command of the literatures of sociology and political science….extremely valuable for those who study the presidency and the scientific community…" --"CHOICE"

</doc>
<doc id="18661977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661977" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's artistic team all-around">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's artistic team all-around

Men's artistic team all-around competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium on August 12, 2008.
Teams qualified through the general artistic qualification performances. Each team was composed of six gymnasts. Five of those gymnasts performed on each of the six apparatus, and four of those scores counted towards the team total. The eight teams with the best combined scores in the qualification moved on to the team final.
In the team final, each team selected three gymnasts to compete on each apparatus. All three scores counted for the team score; the three scores on each apparatus were summed to give a final team score.
Qualified teams.
The eight teams with the highest scores in qualifying proceed to the men's artistic team finals.

</doc>
<doc id="18661990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661990" title="The Misfortunes of Elphin">
The Misfortunes of Elphin

The Misfortunes of Elphin is the fifth novel by Thomas Love Peacock, published in 1829. It is set in a somewhat historically-fanciful Arthurian Britain which incorporates many Welsh legends, but avoids all supernatural and mystical elements. Seithenyn appears as a major character.

</doc>
<doc id="18661993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18661993" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's artistic individual all-around">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's artistic individual all-around

Men's artistic individual all-around competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium on August 14.
For each competitor in the men's qualification, the scores for all six apparatus were summed to give an all-around qualification score. The top 24 competitors moved on to the individual all-around final, though nations were limited to two competitors each even if more qualified. In the individual all-around final, each gymnast competed on each apparatus again. Only scores from the final were used to determine final rankings.
Qualifying.
The twenty-four competitors with the highest scores in qualifying proceed to the men's artistic individual all-around finals.
Final.
Reserves.
The reserves for the All Around Final were:

</doc>
<doc id="18662003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662003" title="Eric Fullerton">
Eric Fullerton

Admiral Sir Eric John Arthur Fullerton KCB DSO (1878 – 9 November 1962) was a British Royal Navy officer.
Naval career.
Fullerton was the second son of Admiral Sir John Fullerton and entered the Royal Navy himself in 1892 as a Cadet in HMS "Britannia". He was promoted Sub-Lieutenant in 1899 and Lieutenant in 1900. He specialised as a physical training instructor and in 1903 joined the new Royal Naval College, Osborne as Inspector of Gymnasia. In 1905 he joined the battleship HMS "Renown" and in January 1907 transferred to HMS "Queen", flagship of the Mediterranean Fleet. In October 1908 he joined the royal yacht, HMY "Victoria and Albert", and was promoted Commander in 1910. In 1911 he was appointed executive officer of the battleship in the Mediterranean, and the following year rejoined Osborne.
When the First World War broke out he was given command of the monitor HMS "Mersey", which was used for operations off the Belgian coast, and also commanded the squadron consisting of "Mersey" and its two sister ships, HMS "Humber" and HMS "Severn". He later transferred his command to HMS "Severn". In 1915, after he had been promoted Captain, his ships completed the destruction of the German cruiser SMS "Königsberg" in the Rufiji River in German East Africa. For this action he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO).
In 1916 he took command of the battleship HMS "Orion" in the Grand Fleet, remaining in command for the remainder of the war. In 1918 he was appointed officer-in-charge of the naval officers taking courses at the University of Cambridge. He was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the 1920 New Year Honours.
In August 1921 he returned to sea as Captain of the Fleet of the Atlantic Fleet to Admiral Sir Charles Madden and in 1923 he was appointed Commodore of the Naval Barracks at Chatham. In May 1926 he was promoted Rear-Admiral at the relatively early age of 48. In April 1927 he was appointed Naval Secretary and in December 1929 he became Commander-in-Chief of the East Indies Station. He was promoted Vice-Admiral in 1930. In 1932 he became Commander-in-Chief, Plymouth. He held the post until 1935, in which year he was promoted Admiral, and retired in 1936, although he served with the Royal Naval Reserve during the Second World War. He was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in 1934.
Family.
Fullerton married Dorothy Sybil Fisher, daughter of John Fisher, 1st Baron Fisher, in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="18662005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662005" title="Richard Jenkins (disambiguation)">
Richard Jenkins (disambiguation)

Richard Jenkins (born 1947) is an American actor.
Richard Jenkins may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18662015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662015" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's vault">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's vault

Men's vault competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 18 at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium.
The eight competitors (with a maximum of two per nation) with the highest scores in qualifying proceeded to the men's vault finals. There, each gymnast performed two vaults; the scores from the final round (ignoring qualification) determined final ranking.
Qualified competitors.
Reserves.
The reserves for the vault event final are

</doc>
<doc id="18662017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662017" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's floor">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's floor

Men's floor competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 17 at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium.
The eight competitors (with a maximum of two per nation) with the highest scores in qualifying proceeded to the men's floor finals. There, each gymnast performed again; the scores from the final round (ignoring qualification) determined the final ranking.
Qualified competitors.
Reserves.
The reserves for the Floor event final were:

</doc>
<doc id="18662018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662018" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's pommel horse">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's pommel horse

The men's pommel horse competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 17 at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium.
The eight competitors (with a maximum of two per nation) with the highest scores in qualifying proceeded to the men's pommel horse finals. There, each gymnast performed again; the scores from the final round (ignoring qualification) determined the final ranking.
Qualified competitors.
The following eight gymnasts reached the final through the artistic qualification round:

</doc>
<doc id="18662019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662019" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's rings">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's rings

Men's rings competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 18 at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium.
The eight competitors (with a maximum of two per nation) with the highest scores in qualifying proceeded to the men's rings finals. There, each gymnast performed again; the scores from the final round (ignoring qualification) determined final ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="18662020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662020" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's parallel bars">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's parallel bars

Men's parallel bars competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 19 at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium.
The eight competitors (with a maximum of two per nation) with the highest scores in qualifying proceeded to the men's parallel bars finals. There, each gymnast performed again; the scores from the final round (ignoring qualification) determined the final ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="18662022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662022" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's horizontal bar">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's horizontal bar

Men's horizontal bar competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 19 at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium.
The eight competitors (with a maximum of two per nation) with the highest scores in qualifying proceeded to the men's horizontal bar finals. There, each gymnast performed again; the scores from the final round (ignoring qualification) determined final ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="18662023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662023" title="Donato Sacerdote">
Donato Sacerdote

Donato Sacerdote (, 1820–1883) was an Italian and Jewish poet.
Life.
Sacerdote was born at Fossano in 1820; died there Nov. 27, 1883. Passionately devoted to the classics, Sacerdote from his early youth applied himself to the comparative study of the works of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides and those of Vittorio Alfieri and Del Monti.
Work.
Among Sacerdote's better-known dramas are "Bianca Cappello," which was represented with great success at the Alfieri Theater, Turin, in 1874; "Cola di Rienzo"; "Catilina," a tragedy in five acts; and "Eglon," a dramatic poem in five acts, relying heavily on Biblical inspiration. Sacerdote was also an accomplished writer of sonnets, odes, and songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18662026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662026" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's artistic qualification">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's artistic qualification

Qualifications for Men's artistic gymnastic competitions at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium on August 9. The results of the qualification determined the qualifiers to the finals: 8 teams in the team final, 24 gymnasts in the all-around final, and 8 gymnasts in each of 6 apparatus finals. The competition was divided to 3 subdivisions. The first subdivision took place at 12:00 China Standard Time (UTC+8); the second and third subdivision took place at 16:00 CST and 20:00 CST respectively.
Overall qualification results.
All Around Qualification to the All Around Final.
Only two gymnasts from each country may advance to the All Around Final. Therefore, in some cases, a third gymnast placed high enough to qualify, but did not advance to the final because of the quota. Gymnasts who did not advance to the Final, but had high enough scores to do so were:
Reserves.
The reserves for the All Around Final are
Floor Event Final Qualifiers.
Reserves.
The reserves for the Floor event final are
Vault Event Final Qualifiers.
Reserves.
The reserves for the vault event final are

</doc>
<doc id="18662028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662028" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's artistic qualification">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's artistic qualification

Qualifications for Women's artistic gymnastic competitions at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium on August 10. The results of the qualification determined the qualifiers to the finals: 8 teams in the team final, 24 gymnasts in the all-around final, and 8 gymnasts in each of 4 apparatus finals.
The competition was divided to 4 sessions, at 10:00am, 1:30pm, 5:00pm and 8:00pm.
Finalist.
All-Around qualifiers.
Only two gymnasts per country may advance to a final. The following gymnasts scored high enough to qualify, but did not do so because two gymnasts from their country had already qualified ahead of them:
The eventual final qualifier placed 31st overall in the all-around.
Balance Beam EF qualifiers.
Only two gymnasts per country may advance to an event final. The following gymnasts scored high enough to qualify, but did not do so because two gymnasts from their country had already qualified ahead of them:
The eventual final two qualifiers, Dragoi (ROU) and Tsurumi (JPN), had the 12th and 13th highest balance beam score overall during qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="18662035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662035" title="Klil">
Klil

Klil () is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located near Nahariya between Yanuh-Jat and Kafr Yasif, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Asher Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 351.
The village was established in 1979 by a group of city-dwellers who had purchased the land from landlords living in neighbouring villages. It was named after the ancient building discovered in the area called "Horvat Klil" (lit. "Klil Ruins"). The village is not connected to the power grid, and all electricity is generated by solar and wind power. There is an olive orchard and press which manufactures organic olive oil, and a microbrewery, "Malka", as well as a number of small enterprises such as a bakery and two small restaurants.

</doc>
<doc id="18662042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662042" title="Boksze-Osada">
Boksze-Osada

Boksze-Osada , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662044" title="Buda Zawidugierska">
Buda Zawidugierska

Buda Zawidugierska , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately east of Puńsk, north of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662045" title="Crotchet Castle">
Crotchet Castle

Crotchet Castle is the sixth novel by Thomas Love Peacock, first published in 1831.
As in his earlier novel "Headlong Hall", Peacock assembles a group of eccentrics, each with a single monomaniacal obsession, and derives humour and social satire from their various interactions and conversations.
The character who most closely approximates to the author's own voice is the Reverend Doctor Folliott, a vigorous middle-aged clergyman with a love for ancient Greek language and literature, who is greatly suspicious of the reform slogan of the "March of Intellect", as well as anything done by the "learned friend" (his nickname for Lord Brougham). There are two romantic courtships, between Mr. Chainmail (who is convinced that the world has gone downhill continuously since the twelfth century) and Susannah Touchandgo (the daughter of a disgraced banker), and between Captain Fitzchrome (an attractive gentleman with only a moderate income) and Lady Clarinda Bossnowl (the daughter of an impoverished peer, who is cynically determined to make a financially rewarding marriage). The action begins during a house-party in the "nouveau riche" Mr. Crotchet's villa on the Thames (up-river from London), continues during a river and canal journey towards Wales, and ends in Mr. Chainmail's pseudo-medieval dwelling (near Crotchet's villa), with a parody of the Captain Swing riots.

</doc>
<doc id="18662046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662046" title="Buraki, Poland">
Buraki, Poland

Buraki , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662048" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's uneven bars">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's uneven bars

Women's uneven bars competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 18 at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium.
The eight competitors (with a maximum of two per nation) with the highest scores in qualifying proceeded to the women's uneven bars finals. There, each gymnast performed again; the scores from the final round (ignoring qualification) determined final ranking.
Final.
The final scores work as per the normal scoring procedure: the A score measures the difficulty of the routine and the B score measures how well it was executed. The B score has a maximum of 10.000 and is reduced for each deduction (for every error in the performance).
Tiebreaker.
During the uneven bar finals Nastia Liukin and He Kexin had a tied score of 16.725, which was followed by a tiebreaking procedure. In this procedure there are six judges who judge each competitor on a scale of 1-10. When all six scores are finalised, the highest and lowest eliminated and the remaining four are averaged. The first tiebreaking procedure is determined by the B score, the execution score. Since Liukin and He tied with a B score of 9.025, the second tiebreak was required to determine a winner. In this event, the lowest score given to each competitor is dropped. Before this, the remaining scores were:
When the next lowest scores are deducted, the following happens to the averages.
Thus, since Nastia Liukin's average was lower after the second round of score elimination, He Kexin was declared the winner.
The results of this final have remained controversial, as many fans claim Yang Yilin was most deserving of the title, whereas others think of Nastia Liukin as the rightful winner or state that Great Britain's Beth Tweddle should have placed in the medals.

</doc>
<doc id="18662049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662049" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's floor">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's floor

Women's floor competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 17 at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium.
The eight competitors (with a maximum of two per nation) with the highest scores in the qualifying round proceed to the women's floor finals. There, each gymnast performs again; the scores from the final round (ignoring qualification) determine final ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="18662050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662050" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's vault">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's vault

Women's vault competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 17 at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium.
The eight competitors (with a maximum of two per nation) with the highest scores in qualifying proceeded to the women's vault finals. There, each gymnast performed two vaults; the scores from the final round (ignoring qualification) determining the final ranking.
Disputes of the Event.
There is a major debate concerning the Russian Gymnast Anna Pavlova. Her first vault scored a 15.625, placing her well in medal contention. On her second vault, though, she thought she had received confirmation from the judges and as a result, left before the green light. She was given a 0 on her second vault.

</doc>
<doc id="18662051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662051" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's artistic individual all-around">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's artistic individual all-around

Women's artistic individual all-around competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 15. at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium.
For each competitor in the women's qualification, the scores for all four apparatus were summed to give an all-around qualification score. The top 24 competitors moved on to the individual all-around final, though nations were limited to two competitors each even if more qualified. In the individual all-around final, each gymnast competed on each apparatus again. Only scores from the final were used to determine final rankings.
Final round results.
Source: The Beijing Organizing Committee for the Games of the XXIX Olympiad

</doc>
<doc id="18662052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662052" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's artistic team all-around">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's artistic team all-around

The women's artistic team all-around competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium on August 13, 2008.
Teams qualified through the general artistic qualification performances. Each team was composed of six gymnasts. Five of those gymnasts performed on each of the four apparatus, and four of those scores counted towards the team total. The eight teams with the best combined scores in the qualification moved on to the team final.
In the team final, each team selected three gymnasts to compete on each apparatus. All three scores counted for the team score; the three scores on each apparatus were summed to give a final team score.
Qualified teams.
The eight teams with the highest scores in qualifying proceed to the women's artistic team finals.

</doc>
<doc id="18662054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662054" title="Dowiaciszki">
Dowiaciszki

Dowiaciszki , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Puńsk, north of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662056" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's balance beam">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's balance beam

Women's balance beam competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 19 at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium.
The eight competitors (with a maximum of two per nation) with the highest scores in qualifying proceeded to the women's balance beam finals. There, each gymnast performed again; the scores from the final round (ignoring qualification) determined final ranking.
Qualified competitors.
Only two gymnasts per country may advance to an event final. The following gymnasts scored high enough to qualify, but did not do so because two gymnasts from their country had already qualified ahead of them:
The eventual final qualifier had the 13th highest balance beam score overall during qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="18662057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662057" title="Dziedziule">
Dziedziule

Dziedziule , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662061" title="Giłujsze">
Giłujsze

Giłujsze , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662064" title="Kalinowo, Sejny County">
Kalinowo, Sejny County

Kalinowo , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662067" title="Kompocie">
Kompocie

Kompocie , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately east of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662068" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's rhythmic group all-around">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's rhythmic group all-around

Women's rhythmic group all-around competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held at the Beijing University of Technology Gymnasium.
Teams consist of six gymnasts, five of whom perform in each routine. There are two rounds, a preliminary and a final, with each round consisting of two routines. In the preliminary, each group completes one routine using five ropes and one routine using three hoops and two clubs. The eight teams with the highest combined scores in the two routines advance to the final. There, they perform the two routines again. Scores from the preliminary are ignored, and the groups are ranked according to their combined score in the two finals routines.

</doc>
<doc id="18662072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662072" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's rhythmic individual all-around">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's rhythmic individual all-around

Women's rhythmic individual all-around competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held at the Beijing University of Technology Gymnasium.
There were two rounds of competition in the individual competition. In each round, competing gymnasts performed four routines. One routine was performed with each of the four apparatus: hoop, clubs, rope, and ribbon. The combined scores from the four routines made up the preliminary round score. The top ten gymnasts after the preliminary round advanced to the finals. There, they performed each routine again. Preliminary scores were ignored, and the top combined final scores won. Eight gymnasts arrived from the past olympic games and six of them were able to repeat an olympic final, Almudena Cid from Spain competed in a record 4th olympic games with their respective finale being thereby the rhythmic gymnast that has reached the most number of finals.

</doc>
<doc id="18662073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662073" title="Krejwiany, Sejny County">
Krejwiany, Sejny County

Krejwiany , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662075" title="Nowiniki">
Nowiniki

Nowiniki , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662077" title="Ogórki">
Ogórki

Ogórki (translation: "Cucumbers"; ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662078" title="Robert Reinert">
Robert Reinert

Robert Reinert (1872–1928) was a German film director and novelist. Born in Vienna, he moved to Munich around 1900. He wrote several novels, including "Der Weg zur Sonne" (1906) and "Krieg" (1907). His successful script for the film "Homunculus" (1916) led him to direct several films, most notably "Opium" and "Nerven". "Nerven" opened in Munich in 1919. People were hospitalized after watching the movie and one woman, after seeing it, woke up one night, went out on the street in her nightshirt and screamed "Now I am going to die! Now I am going to die!" About "Nerven", one recent critic wrote ""Nerven" is a disorienting, highly experimental work. Released in 1919, before "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" (early 1920), it might have become a prototype of German Expressionist cinema if it had been widely seen." Reinert's films were not a commercial success, and in 1925 he got a job with UFA, where he worked until his death of a heart attack in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="18662080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662080" title="Oszkinie">
Oszkinie

Oszkinie , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662081" title="Pełele">
Pełele

Pełele , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662082" title="Poluńce">
Poluńce

Poluńce , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately east of Puńsk, north of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662083" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's trampoline">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's trampoline

Men's trampoline competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on 16–19 August at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium.
The competition consisted of two rounds. In the first, each trampolinist performed two routines on the trampoline. One routine had to include required elements, while the other was a voluntary routine. Scores were given for both execution and difficulty in each routine, summed to give a routine score. The two routine scores in the first round determined qualification for the second; the eight top finishers moved on to the final. The final consisted entirely of a single voluntary routine, with no preliminary scores being carried over.

</doc>
<doc id="18662085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662085" title="Przystawańce">
Przystawańce

Przystawańce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately east of Puńsk, north of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662086" title="Eshele Botende">
Eshele Botende

Eshele Botende (born May 22, 1970 in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo) is a retired Congolese football goalkeeper. He played for Kaizer Chiefs, the 2012-2013 Premier Soccer League champions South Africa, Maritimo and a brief experience period in West Ham.

</doc>
<doc id="18662087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662087" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's trampoline">
Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's trampoline

Women's trampoline competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 18 at the Beijing National Indoor Stadium.
The competition consisted of two rounds. In the first, each gymnast performed two routines on the trampoline. One routine included required elements, while the other was a voluntary routine. Scores were given for both execution and difficulty in each routine, summed to give a routine score. The two routine scores in the first round determined qualification for the second; the eight top finishers moved on to the final. The final consisted entirely of a single voluntary routine, with no preliminary scores being carried over.

</doc>
<doc id="18662091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662091" title="Rejsztokiemie">
Rejsztokiemie

Rejsztokiemie , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662092" title="Bishop in Korea">
Bishop in Korea

The Bishop in Korea was an Anglican missionary appointment from 1889 to 1965 when the diocese was divided.

</doc>
<doc id="18662094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662094" title="Sankury">
Sankury

Sankury , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately east of Puńsk, north of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662097" title="Sejwy">
Sejwy

Sejwy , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662098" title="Skarkiszki">
Skarkiszki

Skarkiszki , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662102" title="18th Air Refueling Squadron">
18th Air Refueling Squadron

The 18th Air Refueling Squadron (18 ARS) is a United States Air Force Reserve squadron, assigned to the 931st Operations Group, stationed at McConnell Air Force Base, Kansas. 
Overview.
The squadron operates the KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft, conducting aerial refueling missions. 
History.
During World War II the 18th flew airborne assaults on Sicily, Myitkyina, Burma, and Southern France in addition to supporting partisans in Northern Italy from January to May 1945 and conducting aerial transportation in the Mediterranean Theater of Operations (MTO) and briefly in the China-Burma-India Theater (CBI). It flew strategic and tactical airlift missions from 1948 to 1954 and 1962 to 1967. The squadron provided tactical airlift training for US and subsequently South Vietnamese pilots and crews from 1969 to 1972. 
This unit has flown worldwide air refueling missions since 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18662103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662103" title="Smolany, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Smolany, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Smolany , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662104" title="Stare Boksze">
Stare Boksze

Stare Boksze , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662105" title="Szlinokiemie">
Szlinokiemie

Szlinokiemie , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-west of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662106" title="Kir–Abbaian languages">
Kir–Abbaian languages

The Kir–Abbaian, Southern Eastern Sudanic, or Eastern "n" Sudanic languages form one of two primary divisions of the Eastern Sudanic languages. They are characterized by having an /n/ in the pronoun "I/me", as opposed to the Astaboran (Northern) languages, which have a /k/. The best known Kir–Abbaian language group, as well as the largest, is Nilotic, which includes such languages as Maasai.

</doc>
<doc id="18662107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662107" title="Szołtany">
Szołtany

Szołtany , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately west of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662109" title="Times Square (Gary Burton album)">
Times Square (Gary Burton album)

Times Square is an album by Gary Burton.

</doc>
<doc id="18662110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662110" title="Tauroszyszki">
Tauroszyszki

Tauroszyszki , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662114" title="Trakiszki">
Trakiszki

Trakiszki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately east of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662118" title="Gryll Grange">
Gryll Grange

Gryll Grange is the seventh and final novel of Thomas Love Peacock, published in 1861.
The novel.
The novel first appeared in "Fraser's Magazine" in 1860, showing a remarkable instance of vigour after his retirement from the East India Company. The exuberant humour of his former works may be wanting, but the book is delightful for its stores of anecdote and erudition, and unintentionally most amusing through the author's inveterate prejudices and pugnacious hostility to every modern innovation. 
The book's title turns about the belief of its owner, Gregory Gryll, 'though he found it difficult to trace the pedigree, that he was lineally descended from the ancient and illustrious Gryllus, who maintained against Ulysses the superior happiness of the life of other animals to that of the life of man.' This sapient character was one of the men whom Circe had turned into pigs and resisted being changed back. His family line had now lasted some three thousand years, but the master of Gryll Grange, not having married, was without an heir to prolong the family. Though he had adopted his niece as heir instead, she had turned down innumerable suitors. The business of the novel is how she at last comes to find a man to her taste.

</doc>
<doc id="18662119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662119" title="IndieVest">
IndieVest

IndieVest, founded in 2004, is an independent film studio, financier, distributor based in Los Angeles. The company uses a membership based platform for financing film projects.
The company serves a community of high-net worth individuals and institutional investors. Corporate Mission: To provide people who are passionate about independent film, the best possible experience and financial outcome.
Current production.
IndieVest Pictures, a subsidiary of IndieVest, started production in August 2008 on their first film, St. John of Las Vegas.
The film is a quirky buddy comedy featuring Steve Buscemi, Romany Malco, Sarah Silverman, and Tim Blake Nelson. Filming took place in New Mexico and Las Vegas. The film was released in January, 2010. The film received $21,666 in its opening weekend at #50 and reportedly the domestic box office receipts totaled just over $100,000. The film has mostly received mostly negative reviews, with a 17% rating with 6 "fresh" ratings and 30 "rotten" on Rotten Tomatoes. Chris Nashaway of "Entertainment Weekly" called the film "Excruciatingly awful" and "a shaggy road movie to nowhere".
In July 2010, IndieVest started filming a second movie, Knights of Badassdom, an American comedy horror film, directed by Joe Lynch, written by Kevin Dreyfuss and Matt Wall. On March 4, 2013 updates reported that the film was screened March 5, 2013 to potential buyers in Los Angeles. On July 23, 2013, FINRA settled a regulatory complaint against Wade Bradley with Mr. Bradley neither admitting nor denying the findings and providing a statement of mitigating circumstances. The penalty was a thirty day suspension from the firm he no longer worked for and $7,500 fine (only payable if he re-registers with a FINRA firm).
On July 25, 2013, it was announced that Entertainment One had bought the North American distribution rights to the film with Wade Bradley negotiating the deal for IndieVest Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="18662120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662120" title="Trompole">
Trompole

Trompole , (), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662124" title="Widugiery">
Widugiery

Widugiery is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Puńsk, north of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662125" title="Wiłkopedzie">
Wiłkopedzie

Wiłkopedzie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662131" title="Wojciuliszki">
Wojciuliszki

Wojciuliszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately north of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662133" title="Wojtokiemie">
Wojtokiemie

Wojtokiemie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662138" title="Wołyńce">
Wołyńce

Wołyńce may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18662140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662140" title="Wołyńce, Sejny County">
Wołyńce, Sejny County

Wołyńce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately east of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662142" title="Heolddu Comprehensive School">
Heolddu Comprehensive School

Heolddu Comprehensive School is a school located in the town of Bargoed, South Wales, and serves the town of Bargoed as well as the villages of Deri, Aberbargoed, Tir-Phil, Cascade, Gilfach, Tredegar and Brithdir in the Caerphilly LEA. Currently there are over 770 pupils on roll, including over 80 pupils in a vibrant 6th form, with 47 teaching staff, mastered by acting headteacher Mr. C. James.heolddu is being knocked down maybe being rebuilt 
Background.
The building itself was constructed in 1974. Its motto is "opportunity for all" and can be read on the school badge on the school uniform (in Welsh).
Notable former pupils.
James Richard Mullett, 33-year-old singer (), pianist and guitarist, better known as James Fox, attended the school as a teenager. He has since gone on to represent the UK in the Eurovision Song Contest. He still regularly returns to Heolddu, his last visit being as recent as March 2009, when he performed a song for a selection of pupils. The school proudly boasts a signed poster on its corridor wall, wishing the staff and pupils all the best.
Other Famous Visitors.
In May 2009, Tom Daley, the 15 year old Olympic diver, paid a visit to Heolddu to swim with selected pupils to promote the sport. The pupils were selected through the 'healthy eating' ladder, in which pupils gain points for purchases healthy meals. Following the spell in the leisure centre, he attended the schools canteen to also help encourage several pupils to eat healthier. A signed plaque is also on display in the corridors.
Shortly after his visit, strong rumours began to escalate that the young talent was considering moving permanently to the school, after believed 'bullying' at his current school. However the rumours shortly died out and have since been forgotten.
Adam Jones, Welsh rugby player who plays for the Ospreys and the British and Irish Lions, annually attends the schools' celebration of achievement evening, presenting awards and GCSE certificates to successful candidates.
Results and success.
Including a 100% pass rate at sixth form. In terms of GCSE pass rate, the school every year very closely competes with the likes of Blackwood Comprehensive, Lewis Boys of Pengam, and Ysgol Gyfun Cwm Rhymney of Fleur De Lys, the four schools have very close pass rates on an average of 96-97%, with Heolddu showing their 100% A-G pass rate at GCSE.
With kick-boxing, karate, street dancing, Duke of Edinburgh’s Award, ICT, revision clubs, music lessons, language classes, technology groups and traditional sporting fixtures there is little time for boredom at Heolddu. Recently the school secured county successes in a technology competition and the Young Consumers competition.
Charity.
The school excels for charity causes, readily raising over £1000 for both Children in Need and Red Nose Day. For example, Children in Need 2009 saw the school raise a record breaking £1700. It annually holds many events for such causes, and is also a chance to get pupils out of the class for a fun-day, and increase awareness of the relevant issues.
Sports and Leisure Centre.
Adjacent to the car park is an astroturf field, which is open for the school and public to play football on. It was built in the summer of 2006 and refurbished in the summer of 2008 after excessive vandalism.
The school's leisure centre is open, after school hours, to the general public. It has facilities to accommodate badminton, squash, netball and basketball, indoor football, gymnastics, circuit training, and a gym.
It also supplies a swimming where one can swim, and even do general water sports like polo and kayaking.
Finally, the school owns a rugby and football field, opposite the school's facade and over the road. These accommodate the school's teams, also used for physical education.
Current pupils Michael Adams, Josh Evans and Aaron Hughes all play for Newport Gwent Dragons U-16 team.

</doc>
<doc id="18662143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662143" title="Żwikiele">
Żwikiele

Żwikiele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Puńsk, north-west of Sejny, and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662149" title="Unspeakable Vault (of Doom)">
Unspeakable Vault (of Doom)

The Unspeakable Vault (of Doom) or Weird Tales from the Old Ones is a webcomic by François Launet, which chronicles the "daily" lives of the Great Old Ones, including Cthulhu, Nyarlathotep, and Yog-Sothoth, among others. It takes a lighthearted view of H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos to inspire laughter rather than the more usual soul-blasting horror. The comic was used as the basis of the second expansion set to the Cthulhu Mythos themed version of Steve Jackson Games' card game "Munchkin".
The webcomic's name is often shortened to "UVoD".
Origin.
In 2003 the Essen Game Fair in Germany, the author, who was there signing books for the Pegasus Spiele game publisher (as illustrator of the German "Call of Cthulhu" RPG), witnessed the craziness about Cthulhu plushes, sold on different booths: many old players of the "Call of Cthulhu" role-playing games wanted to buy this icon of the Lovecraftian Mythos. On the train that took him back to Paris, he started drawing the first funny Cthulhoo and Nyarly draft, along with a few layout of strips. Characters were designed in a very cartoonish style, with simplified features and layout, that contrast strongly with the author's illustrations style, more realistic and classical.
The name of the webcomic comes from the juxtaposition of a very Lovecraftian adjective "unspeakable" with the name "Vault", a Lovecraft's short story title. "of Doom" was used by the author's role-playing team to describe threatening spells or items.
Although its author is French, the webcomic is written directly in English, to be able to reach the largest audience, and because the English language is more direct and uses less words; this sometimes leads to grammatical or syntactical errors in the strips, which are often corrected by emails from native English-speaking readers.
The webcomic.
Presented in different formats (mostly 1- or 3-frame strips, sometimes more), short gags are published irregularly on the website, and are named "Vault #" followed by a number, since its creation in January 2004. Strips are independent, though some gags are running on a few linked pages. Some strips refer to previously published gags, and are difficult to understand for newcomers. 
The characters' appearance has changed a bit since 2004, becoming more precise and balanced, but some recently published strips shows old-looking creatures: the strips are not published in a rigorous chronological order, and sometimes a gag is taken from the book "Welcome to the Vault".
The webcomic uses the Cthulhu Mythos and its caricatured characters in a modern environment, referring to the common popular culture and actuality, and even politics; ecological matters can also be perceived through a few strips dealing with pollution and overfishing. 
The vision of the Cthulhu Mythos in the comic is heavily influenced by the "Call of Cthulhu" role-playing game; François Launet discovered HPL's works through gaming, and many strips directly refers to the game, its rules, its accessories and the players' habits.
The website also features a weblog, used to talk about Mythos-related events or item, a guest art section to display drawings done by fans and a small shop selling t-shirts. 
Website is hosted by Macguff Paris, a special FX and post-production company, which employs François Launet as a SFX supervisor, and allows him to use some of disk space and broadband.
The printed books.
In 2005, François Launet and Pegasus Spiele agreed on the publication of a printed version of the "UvoD", under the supervision of JC.Steines, and Paul McLean from yog-sothoth.com for the editing part. Featuring most of the strips published at that time on the web, along with original gags, "Welcome to the Vault" (ISBN 3-937826-09-2) the 105 pages, comic-sized book was printed at 4000 issues and sold on the US by White Wolf and Chaosium. Books were not really officially distributed in Europe and therefore were very difficult to find.
A second tome, "G.O.O.s on the Loose" (ISBN 978-3-937826-69-1) was edited in 2008, featuring a lot of new characters, such as Cthoogha, the Elderz or Beta Red Agents.
Mythos-related characters.
Most of the characters in the comic are given names slightly different from their counterparts in the Cthulhu Mythos. 
(Great) Cthulhoo.
Cthulhoo (Cthulhu) is a large, green, dragon-like creature with huge claws on his feet, beady eyes, tiny arms, almost vestigial wings (still capable of flight), and a large, bulbous head with tiny tentacles in place of a mouth. His catchphrase is "Yum yum", usually uttered before devouring some hapless human. Apparently, the whole point of black magic is to feed Cthulhoo, since he usually eats anyone who, deliberately or accidentally, summons him. Cthulhoo also commonly uses the phrase "Fhtagn!", in the manner of an expletive.
Nyarly.
Nyarly (Nyarlathotep) is what appears to be a tentacle with a pair of beady eyes, a single large tooth sticking out of his mouth, and short arms and legs. He has a deceptive and cunning personality and enjoys playing tricks on the other GOOs and cultists. Unlike the other Great Old Ones, Nyarly appears to use much more "advanced" means of conquering or instilling madness, such as spam and weapons of mass destruction. Unlike his more frightening counterpart, who actually shapeshifts, Nyarly often dons an incredibly stupid costume such as a mask or a few simple costume pieces.
Shubby.
Shubby (Shub-Niggurath) is a bizarre, pulpy purple creature with a pair of goat-like legs, stubby arms, horns, and what could either be 3 eyes or 2 eyes and a nose. Although Shubby is rarely seen being involved in human matters, her cult is often referred to. Strangely enough, Shubby is one of the few Great Old Ones that has yet to be summoned. In guest art created by fans of the strip, she is sometimes depicted instead as a (vaguely anime-styled) anthropomorphic black female goat, a reference to Shub-Niggurath's title "Black Goat of the Woods". She can usually be seen with several of her thousand identical offspring tagging along.
Yogzotot.
Yogzotot (Yog-Sothoth), The Gate and the Key, is what appears to be a conglomeration of glowing, colorful bubbles. Since he is the master of Time and Space, Yogzotot is capable of sending anyone or anything to another place, time, or even dimension. Apparently, Yogzotot is very touchy about people mistaking him for soap and usually reacts to the insult by zapping the said person.
Ygo.
Ygo (Y'golonac) is a large, bluish, humanoid creature with no head, a beer gut, and a mouth on each hand. He appears to have a hearty but weird sense of 
humor which no one can understand. 
Like Shubby, he, too, has not yet been summoned, but unlike Shubby, he is one of the few GOOs whose cult hasn't even been seen yet.
Shoggies.
The Shoggies (Shoggoths) are pink, gelatinous creatures with random assortments of eyes, teeth, and tongues. They have no brains and are very dim-witted. They are common throughout the webcomic, perhaps more so than any other character. They address any of the GOOs as either "Master" or, in the case of Shubby, "Mastress". Shoggies are the only characters other than 'Zathoth and Cthulhoo to have a catchphrase - "So coool!"
Dagoon.
Dagoon (Dagon) is a giant fish-like creature with bulgy unfocused eyes, fishy lips, wet scaly skin. He always carries a large monolith. Dagoon is worshiped by the Deepoines. It is unclear how he answers their prayers since he never speaks. He often accompanies Cthulhoo during strips set underwater, and appears to be on good terms with him.
Zathoth.
'Zathoth (Azathoth) is a huge white snouted star-shaped creature with misshapen eyes and a large, red tongue, which often hangs out of his mouth. He is called the "Blind Idiot God" as he is unable to speak. His vocabulary consists of a bellowed "G!" (pronounced "Guh!"). He is extremely powerful but also extremely stupid.
He is sometimes found surrounded by flute and drum playing servitors. Apparently Zathoth is responsible for most of the cosmic phenomena humanity has witnessed. Nebulæ are 'Zathoth's flatulence, wormholes are the damage caused when he bounces on the fabric of time and space, His constant bleating creates the cosmic background noise meteorites are the crumbs left behind when he eats a celestial body. Supernovas occur when he accidentally pops a star while playing with it. Pulsars are caused when he swings stars around.
The Unspeakable (Hast..).
Hast.. (Hastur) is a tentacled monster of some sort who is shrouded in a yellow mask and robes. He carries the Yellow Sign. The running "gag" is what happens when anybody, even a Great Old One, says his name .
Tindaloo.
Tindaloo (or the Tindaloos) (Hounds of Tindalos) is an emaciated, dog-like creature capable of passing through time and space. He does not like curves, something of an inside joke. In Frank Belknap Long's story "The Hounds of Tindalos" they were said to inhabit the angles of time. Other creatures such as humans inhabit the curves. As seen in strip 266, there are several Tindaloos. It is however unclear whether he is a GOO in his own right. He is usually treated as the GOOs' family pet.
Mi-Goos.
The Mi-Goos (Mi-go) are strange insectoid entities with pulpy feeler-covered faces and leathery, bat-like wings. They have had several notable appearances in strips focused on them, and are referred to many times. They collect brains of scientists, such as described in "The Whisperer in Darkness" short story. They appear to speak a different language than the other characters in the comic, and their speech is translated for the reader on the bottom of the panel whenever they talk.
Deepoines.
The Deepoines (Deep Ones) are bizarre, frog-like creatures with skinny wet bodies, bulgy unfocused eyes, and fishy lips, much like their deity Dagoon. They speak with a bizarre accent. Deepoine/human hybrids are easy to spot as they have the same traits. They may also carry a fishy scent.
Cthoogha.
As a ball of fire with red eyes, surrounded by smaller flying fires with teeth (the fire vampires), Cthoogha (Cthugha) can be summoned when Fomalhaut is up in the sky. This god seems to love rock'n roll, to burn its own cultists and to be responsible for Rome or London great fire in the past, as well as the Tungunska incident. Cthoogha appears in the "G.O.Os on the Loose" book, and has become the newest character of the webcomic version.
The Elderz.
The Elderz (Elder Things) have barrel-shaped bodies and star-shape red heads, with one unique eye, and strange appendices of unknown function. Living under the sea, they appear in the "G.O.Os on the Loose" book; they are responsible for the creation of the Shoggies (an expired dehydrated soup). even though it suggested they were created by Cthulhoo and pals.
Night Gaunts.
Night Gaunts (Nightgaunts) are flying horned purple humanoids which delight in carrying people off.
Human characters.
Human characters are often drawn faceless, to illustrate the "insect" status of the human race, compared to the Elder Gods and Creatures described by Lovecraft.
Cultists.
Wearing long red or violet robes and jewelry, they try to summon and control the Great Old Ones, using ancient books and more modern tools such as printers or the internet. They generally are eaten by the invoked creatures.
Investigators.
Usually described as people dressed in the fashion style of the 1920s, and look like Indiana Jones or Dick Tracy. They often are armed with tommy-guns or other weapons used to be common in the twenties-thirties.
Scientists.
Often described as arrogant and self-sufficient, scientists of the "UVoD" are often featured making erroneous deductions from strange facts, and also victims of the creature from beyond. They often use the sentence: "My conclusion is simple yet brilliant". The author is very interested in science vulgarization and tries to stick to the scientific actuality. They are often victims of marauding Mi-Goos.
Geeks.
Other victims of the Great Old Ones, geeks use computers and the Internet, and willingly or not, summon supernatural creatures. In the "G.O.O.s on the Loose" book, a small story arc describes how three geeks become very bad cultists.
Role players.
Shown around the game table or "in-game" (with their alter-ego: the "investigators"), they can also be victims of the Gods, but most of time are just bad at role-playing, making all the known "mistakes" in a Call of Cthulhu session.
Beta Red Agents.
Direct reference to the Delta Green Supplement, those men-in-black are working for an unofficial agency designed to fight the Mythos critter: Beta Red. Name was changed to avoid copyright problems, as Pagan Publishing continues to work on the subject.
Erich Zann.
A musician, center of the short story "The Music of Erich Zann". In the webcomic, he's playing music that please the Old Ones, but believing it keeps them away.
Crazy Abdul.
Caricature of Abdul Alhazred, author of the infamous "Necronomicon", Crazy Abdul is portrayed as a boring, chatty Arabic beggar, always wanting to preach the surrounding crowd about the Old Ones. He is often ripped apart by an invisible force, like in Lovecraft's "History of the Necronomicon". Mad Abdul makes two appearances in the webcomic but is more important in the "UVoD" volume 2 book.
Musicians.
According to the musical tastes of the author, Metal and Gothic band members are shown overusing Mythos imagery in their lyrics, with disastrous consequences. When he eats them, Cthulhoo doesn't like the excessive amount of hair they have.
Appearances in popular culture.
Recent editions of the "Munchkin" card game by Steve Jackson Games have included Lovecraftian characters; in January 2008, an edition with 56 "Unspeakable Vault" character cards was added to the collection.
In October 2008 PS Games released the Dutch translation of "Munchkin Cthulhu", as "Munchkin Koethuloo", which includes an extra card featuring the Tindaloos.
Pegasus Press has produced a board game based around the comic.
In 2006, futurist Anders Sandberg noted the "Unspeakable Vault (of Doom)" as an example of the trend of poking fun at formerly horrifying concepts.

</doc>
<doc id="18662167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662167" title="English Boy Wonders">
English Boy Wonders

English Boy Wonders is the second studio album by the English progressive rock band, Big Big Train. It was released in 1997 by Giant Electric Pea. 
Track listing.
Re-release.
In February 2008, it was announced on Big Big Train's BlogSpot that English Boy Wonders was going to be re-recorded and partially re-mixed. 
It was re-released on the band's new record label, "English Electric", on 1 December 2008.
The re-release adds one track and changes the running order.

</doc>
<doc id="18662169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662169" title="Babańce">
Babańce

Babańce , () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately north-west of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662172" title="Berżałowce">
Berżałowce

Berżałowce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662176" title="Berżałowce-Gajówka">
Berżałowce-Gajówka

Berżałowce-Gajówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662178" title="Berżniki">
Berżniki

Berżniki , () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662181" title="2009 Allstate 400 at the Brickyard">
2009 Allstate 400 at the Brickyard

The 2009 Allstate 400 at the Brickyard, the 16th running of the event, was the twenty-first race of the 2009 NASCAR Sprint Cup season and the sixteenth NASCAR race at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway (IMS). It was the first race under the ESPN/ABC section of the TV coverage for the 2009 season. The 160-lap, event took place on July 26 at the IMS located in Speedway, Indiana (a separate town completely surrounded by Indianapolis). Along with ESPN, the IMS Radio Network, working with Performance Racing Network, provided radio coverage on terrestrial radio, World Harvest Radio International also provided Shortwave feed of the IMS coverage, and with Sirius XM Radio holding the satellite radio rights. Juan Pablo Montoya dominated the race leading almost 120 laps, but after a pit penalty while under green flag conditions toward the end of the race, Jimmie Johnson held off a hard charging Mark Martin to claim victory, his third triumph at the storied venue. It is also important to note that the race will be known as Allstate 400 as Allstate Insurance announced that it will not renew its sponsorship of the race.
Tires.
Following the fiasco surrounding tire wear in the 2008 race, infuriating the fans and everyone else involved, Goodyear held three tire tests afterward, with the most recent tire test held on June 15–16. The drivers there agreed that the tire wear was much better than last year, mostly because the Car of Tomorrow was not run at IMS in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18662183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662183" title="Berżniki-Folwark">
Berżniki-Folwark

Berżniki-Folwark is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662187" title="The best defense is a good offense">
The best defense is a good offense

"The best defense is a good offense" is an adage that has been applied to many fields of endeavor, including games and military combat. Generally, the idea is that strong offensive action will preoccupy the opposition and ultimately hinder its ability to mount an opposing counterattack, leading to a strategic advantage.
Military.
Mao Zedong opined that "the only real defense is active defense", meaning defense for the purpose of counter-attacking and taking the offensive. Often success rests on destroying the enemy's ability to attack. This principle is paralleled in the writings of Machiavelli and Sun Tzu.
Some martial arts emphasise attack over defense. Wing Chun, for example, is a style of Kung Fu which uses the maxim: "The hand which strikes also blocks."
Games.
In some board games, such as "Risk", one's ability to build up armies depends on aggressively attacking so as to acquire territory; however, in "Risk", luck in rolling the dice is the ultimate determining factor. Players who fail to do so, and concentrate instead on holding the line against enemy attack, will likely end up in a weak position. In-depth info argues that this adage does not always apply: "When the battle rages between two players one should put every ounce of power in the offense, but when several players are involved, the political element changes this dynamic." In chess, one's ability to prevent enemy attacks often depends on maintaining the initiative – i.e., making a series of threats that the opponent must use his turns to parry, rather than launching his own attacks; thus, common tips used in conjunction with this adage are that the best way to upset your opponent’s plans is to become menacing and that the best way to stop an enemy threat to your own king is to attack his.
In 's multiplayer, protecting one's own bases can be difficult due to the large size of maps and the slow speed of many of the player's units. A player generally has several bases, and so the enemy has several locations he can strike at. Defending each base would require a thin spreading of the player's army, and defending only one would leave the others at risk of destruction. To discourage the enemy from attacking these bases, the player can attack the enemy's bases, forcing the enemy to defend himself or risk defeat. In turn, the enemy can attack the player's bases, preventing this attack. Games are generally composed of a series of "pushes," or attacks, and "counter-pushes," or counter-attacks, in which each player attempts to destroy the other's army to prevent their base from being attacked and to allow themselves to attack the enemy's base without risk.
In sports such as soccer and basketball, the adage is used to note that success can hinge on an effective offense that keeps the ball on the other team's side of the field, thus not only creating scoring opportunities but preventing the opposing team from scoring.
Business.
The adage has also been applied in the intellectual property realm, in reference to patent trolls.

</doc>
<doc id="18662191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662191" title="Degucie, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Degucie, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Degucie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662198" title="Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Light heavyweight">
Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Light heavyweight

The light heavyweight competition was the third-highest weight class featured in amateur boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and was held at the Workers Indoor Arena. Light heavyweights were limited to a maximum of 81 kilograms in body mass.
Like all Olympic boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals, so no boxers competed again after their first loss. Bouts consisted of four rounds of two minutes each, with one minute breaks between rounds. Punches scored only if the white area on the front of the glove made full contact with the front of the head or torso of the opponent. Five judges scored each bout; three of the judges had to signal a scoring punch within one second for the punch to score. The winner of the bout was the boxer who scored the most valid punches by the end of the bout.
The round of 32 was marked by injury when Samoa's Farani Tavui was taken to hospital after being knocked unconscious during his first match.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18662200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662200" title="Dubowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Dubowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Dubowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662201" title="Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Middleweight">
Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Middleweight

The middleweight competition was the fourth-highest weight class featured in amateur boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and was held at the Workers Indoor Arena. Middleweights were limited to a maximum of 75 kilograms in body mass.
Like all Olympic boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. Both semifinal losers are awarded bronze medals, so no boxers compete again after their first loss. Bouts consist of four rounds of two minutes each, with one minute breaks between rounds. Punches are scored only if the white area on the front of the glove makes full contact with the front of the head or torso of the opponent. Five judges score each bout; three of the judges have to signal a scoring punch within one second for the punch to score. The winner of the bout is the boxer who scores the most valid punches by the end of the bout.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18662204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662204" title="CFAD-FM">
CFAD-FM

CFAD-FM is a community radio station that began broadcasting on October 11, 2008 at 92.1 FM in Salmo, British Columbia.
Owned by Salmo FM Radio Society, the station was licenced on July 31, 2008.
The station is one of several new community radio stations launched in the Kootenay region in the 2000s. Others include CJLY-FM in Nelson, CHLI-FM in Rossland, CJHQ-FM in Nakusp and CIDO-FM in Creston. CFAD is a member of the National Campus and Community Radio Association.
On May 2, 2012, Salmo FM Radio Society received approval from the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to operate an English language FM community radio station to serve Salmo on the frequency of 91.1 MHz. 

</doc>
<doc id="18662205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662205" title="Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Welterweight">
Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Welterweight

The welterweight competition was the fifth-highest weight class featured in amateur boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and was held at the Workers Indoor Arena. Welterweights were limited to a maximum of 69 kilograms in body mass.
Like all Olympic boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals, so no boxers competed again after their first loss. Bouts consisted of four rounds of two minutes each, with one minute breaks between rounds. Punches scored only if the white area on the front of the glove made full contact with the front of the head or torso of the opponent. Five judges scored each bout; three of the judges had to signal a scoring punch within one second for the punch to score. The winner of the bout was the boxer who scored the most valid punches by the end of the bout.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18662207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662207" title="Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Light welterweight">
Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Light welterweight

The light welterweight competition was the median weight class featured in amateur boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and was held at the Workers Indoor Arena. Light welterweights were limited to a maximum of 64 kilograms in body mass.
Like all Olympic boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals, so no boxers competed again after their first loss. Bouts consisted of four rounds of two minutes each, with one minute breaks between rounds. Punches scored only if the white area on the front of the glove made full contact with the front of the head or torso of the opponent. Five judges scored each bout; three of the judges had to signal a scoring punch within one second for the punch to score. The winner of the bout was the boxer who scored the most valid punches by the end of the bout.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18662209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662209" title="Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Lightweight">
Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Lightweight

The lightweight competition was the fifth-lowest weight class featured in amateur boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and was held at the Workers Indoor Arena. Lightweights were limited to a maximum of 60 kilograms in body mass.
Like all Olympic boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals, so no boxers competed again after their first loss. Bouts consisted of four rounds of two minutes each, with one minute breaks between rounds. Punches scored only if the white area on the front of the glove made full contact with the front of the head or torso of the opponent. Five judges scored each bout; three of the judges had to signal a scoring punch within one second for the punch to score. The winner of the bout was the boxer who scored the most valid punches by the end of the bout.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18662210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662210" title="Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Featherweight">
Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Featherweight

The featherweight competition was the fourth-lowest weight class featured in amateur boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and was held at the Workers Indoor Arena. Featherweights were limited to a maximum of 57 kilograms in body mass.
Like all Olympic boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals, so no boxers competed again after their first loss. Bouts consisted of four rounds of two minutes each, with one minute breaks between rounds. Punches scored only if the white area on the front of the glove made full contact with the front of the head or torso of the opponent. Five judges scored each bout; three of the judges had to signal a scoring punch within one second for the punch to score. The winner of the bout was the boxer who scored the most valid punches by the end of the bout.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18662212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662212" title="Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Bantamweight">
Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Bantamweight

The bantamweight competition was the third-lowest weight class featured in amateur boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and was held at the Workers Indoor Arena. Bantamweights were limited to a maximum of 54 kilograms in body mass.
Like all Olympic boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals, so no boxers competed again after their first loss. Bouts consisted of four rounds of two minutes each, with one minute breaks between rounds. Punches scored only if the white area on the front of the glove made full contact with the front of the head or torso of the opponent. Five judges scored each bout; three of the judges had to signal a scoring punch within one second for the punch to score. The winner of the bout was the boxer who scored the most valid punches by the end of the bout.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18662213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662213" title="Dworczysko, Gmina Sejny">
Dworczysko, Gmina Sejny

Dworczysko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662217" title="Gawieniańce">
Gawieniańce

Gawieniańce , () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662223" title="Grudziewszczyzna">
Grudziewszczyzna

Grudziewszczyzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
The village has an approximate population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662226" title="Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Heavyweight">
Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Heavyweight

The heavyweight competition was the second-highest weight class featured in amateur boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and was held at the Workers Indoor Arena. Heavyweights were limited to a maximum of 91 kilograms in body mass.
Like all Olympic boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals, so no boxers competed again after their first loss. Bouts consisted of four rounds of two minutes each, with one minute breaks between rounds. Punches scored only if the white area on the front of the glove made full contact with the front of the head or torso of the opponent. Five judges scored each bout; three of the judges had to signal a scoring punch within one second for the punch to score. The winner of the bout was the boxer who scored the most valid punches by the end of the bout.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18662230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662230" title="Lennart Hartmann">
Lennart Hartmann

Lennart Hartmann (born 3 April 1991 in Berlin) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Berliner AK.
Career.
Club career.
Hartmann started his professional career with Hertha BSC, making his first appearance on 31 July 2008 in the 2008–09 UEFA Cup first qualifying round second leg against Nistru Otaci. He made his Bundesliga debut on 17 August 2008 in the opening fixture against Eintracht Frankfurt when he came on in the 67th minute replacing Gojko Kačar. The appearance made him the youngest player ever to play for Hertha BSC in the Bundesliga and the sixth youngest player ever to play in the Bundesliga, at the age of 17 years and 103 days. In January 2011, Harmann had a trial spell with Canadian club Vancouver Whitecaps. In June 2011, Hartmann signed for the 2. Bundesliga club Alemannia Aachen. Failing to make even a single appearance in six months, Hartmann left Aachen in January 2012 to join 3. Liga club SV Babelsberg 03. He left Babelsberg in July 2013 after the club were relegated from the 3. Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="18662231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662231" title="Gryszkańce">
Gryszkańce

Gryszkańce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately west of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662233" title="Hołny Majera">
Hołny Majera

Hołny Majera is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662235" title="Grense Jakobselv">
Grense Jakobselv

Border with Russia.
The Jakobselva river forms the border with Russia, on the east side of Grense Jakobselv. Here, there is a small post of the Garrison of Sør-Varanger of the Norwegian Army, from where soldiers patrol the border. In this area, however, there is no public border crossing.
King Oscar II Chapel.
In the village, there is a stone chapel built in 1869 called King Oscar II Chapel. The church was built to reinforce Norway's territorial claim to the area, and was named after King Oscar II of Sweden and Norway.
Distance from Oslo.
Grense Jakobselv is the point in mainland Norway farthest by road from Norway's capital Oslo. It is by a route entirely within Norway [Oslo Central Station -> E18 (2 km) -> Rv190 (5.5 km) -> E6 (121 km) -> Rv3 (272 km) -> E6 (1501 km) -> Rv93 (97 km) -> Rv92 (97 km) -> E6 (316 km) -> E105 (9.5 km) -> Rv886 (44 km)]. It is about shorter via a route through the neighboring countries of Sweden and Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="18662238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662238" title="Know Your Power">
Know Your Power

"Know Your Power: A Message to America's Daughters" is a 2008 memoir by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, published by Doubleday on July 29, 2008. It is co-written with "New York Times" bestselling author and Peabody Award-winning writer Amy Hill Hearth. It is Pelosi's first published book.
Background.
The book is a personal and political history describing her own youth as the daughter of U.S. Congressman Thomas D'Alesandro, Jr., being a stay-at-home mom, becoming a Democratic organizer in California, running for Congress at 47 and eventually becoming the highest ranking woman in the history of the United States government. Pelosi also writes about the experiences of other women to serve in Congress and opposition to the presidency and policies of George W. Bush. The book seeks to impart wisdom and re-inforce self-esteem in women of all ages.
The title comes from advice given to her by former Rep. Lindy Boggs.
Publishing history.
Doubleday acquired rights to publish Pelosi's memoirs in July 2007, led by Doubleday president Stephen Rubin. Pelosi was represented by the William Morris Agency, including chairman Norman Brokaw, who said, "When I first met Nancy Pelosi twenty years ago, I could tell she was destined to make history. I told her to start taking notes." In a "Publishers Weekly" described the book as "a gentle account from a tough politician."
Publicity tour.
Pelosi's promotional tour for the book in July 2008 included appearances on "Today", "The View" and "The Colbert Report".

</doc>
<doc id="18662243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662243" title="Hołny Wolmera">
Hołny Wolmera

Hołny Wolmera is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662245" title="Jenorajście">
Jenorajście

Jenorajście is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662246" title="Al-Maydān">
Al-Maydān

Al-Maydӑn is an Egyptian independent weekly newspaper published in Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="18662249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662249" title="Jodeliszki">
Jodeliszki

Jodeliszki , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately north of Sejny and north of the regional capital, Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662254" title="Klejwy PGR">
Klejwy PGR

Klejwy PGR, is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662256" title="Kolonia, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Kolonia, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662258" title="Kolonia Sejny">
Kolonia Sejny

Kolonia Sejny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662264" title="Konstantynówka, Gmina Sejny">
Konstantynówka, Gmina Sejny

Konstantynówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662265" title="Sugi Guitars">
Sugi Guitars

Sugi Guitars is a Japanese manufacturer of high-quality hand-crafted guitars and basses used by professional musicians around the world.
Sugi's use of very fine and expensive tonewood such as swamp ash, quilted, flame and spalted maple, mahogany, ebony and cocobolo along with careful craftsmanship resulted in high quality sound of their instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="18662271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662271" title="Krasnowo">
Krasnowo

Krasnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662275" title="Krejwińce">
Krejwińce

Krejwińce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662278" title="Steve Klosterman">
Steve Klosterman

Steve Klosterman is volleyball player from United States.
Career.
2012 — Currently playing for the Nuevos Gigantes de Carolina of the Puerto Rico Superior League
2011 — Played in Toulouse, France Joined the Spacers who were already losing many matches and in jeopardy of being dropped down to the B league. Helped win enough of the season's 2nd half matches to keep the team in the A League, including defeating the eventual league champion in a crucial match.
2010 — Played in Doha, Qatar with Police United. Helped team to its "All Time" best season with a 3rd place finish
2009 — Member of USAV Training Team. Member of team that defeated Canadian National team.
2007-08 — Named MVP of the Puerto Rican Championships after leading his Naranjito Changos to the Puerto Rican Professional League Championships.
2007 — UCLA, (University of California at Los Angeles). UCLA is the most storied program in US collegiate volleyball with 19 national championships, by far the most of all teams.
Earned 2nd Team All-America honors from the AVCA and Volleyball Magazine ... Was a 3rd Team All-America selection by Spike/Volleyball ... Second team All-MPSF selection ... Led the team in kills (472) and points (553.0) ... Finished his career ranked first on the rally-scoring era kills chart, fourth on the all-time kills list with 1,513 and ...Also ended his career ranked second on the career rally-scoring era aces chart with 79 ... Recorded 76 career double-digit kill matches, including 27 in 2007 and 21 straight ... Ranked seventh in points per game (4.9) and kpg (4.16) ... Scored 20 or more points 14 times ... Selected AVCA National Player of the Week, and MPSF Player of the Week (2/26) after victories against CS Northridge and UCSB ... Against CSN (2/21), he pounded a career-high of 31 kills, including 22 straight through three games ... His total of 35 points that night was a career-high.
2006 — Named Most Outstanding Player of the NCAA Championships after scoring 32 points and hitting .379 in two matches at the tournament.
... Also earned Second-Team All-America honors from Spike/Volleyball and Volleyball magazines ... Named All-MPSF Honorable Mention ... Entering the season he boasted 49 career double-digit kill matches, including 25 last season ... Ranked ninth on the all-time UCLA career kills list with 1,041 entering his senior year ... Ranked first on the UCLA career rally-scoring kills chart ... His 466 kills last season ranked seventh in UCLA history ... Also on the career rally-scoring charts, he ranked first in attacks (2,268), fourth in solo blocks (28), fifth in block assists (170) and total blocks (198), sixth in digs (345), eighth in aces (50), and 10th in attack percentage (.287) ... On the season charts, he ranked first in kills (466) and attacks (1016), and second in points (528.0) ... Ranked in a tie for 19th nationally at 4.12 kpg ... Recorded his career high of 32 points and 30 kills (.390) vs. CSN (4/15) ... Blocked a career high of nine balls vs. USC (3/17) ... Also recorded 27 kills (.511) and 28.5 points vs. Pepperdine (3/1) ... Recorded a double-double vs. CSN (2/10) with 12 kills and a career high of 14 digs.
2005 — Led the Bruins to the NCAA National Championship match. Lead the Bruins with 20 kills (.308) vs. UH (2/25) and added four block assists for a season-high of 22.0 points ... Slammed 17 kills (.500) vs. UOP (2/19) with two block assists ... Pounded 16 kills (.517) vs. CS Northridge (4/6) and added an ace and two total blocks ... Tied his career-high for total blocks (5) twice ... Established a season-high of eight digs vs. UCI (1/15) ... Recorded eight double-digit kill matches ... Played the entire season with an injury, underwent successful shoulder surgery in June 2005.
2004 — Earned MPSF Honorable Mention honors as a freshman ... Led the Bruins with 397.0 points, 4.6 ppg, 3.8 kpg and 346 total kills ... Set season bests for points (25.5 vs. CSN, 1/10), kills (24 vs. UCSB, 2/18), total blocks (5 twice) and aces (3 vs. CSN, 1/10) ... Led the team in kills and points 10 times and boasted eight matches of 20 or more points ... Recorded 16 double-digit kill matches and three matches with 20 or more kills ... Had two matches of 40 or more attempts, including 42 attempts vs. Stanford (1/16) ... Tied a single-match UCLA record by hitting .900 (9-0-10) vs. La Verne (1/14) ... In nine matches, he recorded a hitting percentage of .400 or better.
High school.
High School—Three-sport, six-time varsity letterman at St. John Bosco in Bellflower, CA (9-10), and Marina HS in Huntington Beach, CA (11-12) ... Played QB in football, basketball and volleyball ... Three-time first-team All-League performer in volleyball, who was voted the O.C. Register newspaper "Player of the Year," 1st team All-CIF and Sunset League MVP as a senior. Once slammed 72 kills in a match, and boasted 12 matches with 45 kills or more. Three time High School All American.
USA VOLLEYBALL —Member of the USA High Performance Team, the USA Youth National Team, the USA Jr. National Team, the World University Games training team (twice), USAV Training Team ...
CLUB: USAV Two-time Junior Olympics 18s Most Valuable Player Open Division, Team LBC. 'Lead his team to three straight USAV Junior Olympics GOLD medals.'

</doc>
<doc id="18662279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662279" title="Łumbie">
Łumbie

Łumbie , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately north-west of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
History.
The first mention dates from 1684. The village used to belong to Sztabinki's property, which in the eighteenth century disintegrated into several estates. Farm with the village and Gryszkańce and Staszkuny acquired in the eighties of this century from "Mateusz (eng. Matthew) Narzymowski" czesnik Owrucka Province - "Maciej Tadeusz Eysmont" of Krasnohruda (Krasnogruda). In those days the village was founded estates Łumbie Berżynie and Żagówiec which occurred near Inn. In 1832, when the inheritance was divided after Eysymont, Łumbie property received "Petronela Paszkiewiczowa" of "Eysymont" family, then belonged to "Bronisława Paszkiewiczówna", married to "Mejer".
At the beginning of the twentieth century passed into the "Dochowie"'s hands. Their last owner, "Henryk (eng. Henry)," who knew twelve languages, having a sound agricultural and horticultural education, gained in England and France, failed to retain 172 hectares.
Property was taken over Earth's Credit Society, and "Doch" settled in part of the property belonging to his wife.
This part of the land he sold after the war.
Landmarks.
At the junction of highways is a monumental, stone chapel, and further, on the left shoulder for the catchment of milk, there is a last recorded Doch's seat, and with her pretty clay barn, erected after the war. At the next corner is located an old manor house, which until recently was in elementary school. Today it is private property. This is an interesting building - a small, half-clay, half of wood, decorated with shaped porch. In 1977 in the village was carried out archaeological research, as a result of which were found remains of settlements wzesnośredniowiecznej: Resource traces of pits, fragments of pottery, including clay span and a ring made of bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="18662283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662283" title="Marynowo-Kolonia">
Marynowo-Kolonia

Marynowo-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately west of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662292" title="Nowosady, Sejny County">
Nowosady, Sejny County

Nowosady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately north of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662295" title="Nożegary">
Nożegary

Nożegary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662301" title="Ogrodniki, Sejny County">
Ogrodniki, Sejny County

Ogrodniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662305" title="Olszanka, Sejny County">
Olszanka, Sejny County

Olszanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662307" title="Say Yes (Chage and Aska song)">
Say Yes (Chage and Aska song)

"Say Yes" is a Japanese single by Chage and Aska, released by Pony Canyon on July 24, 1991. The song was used as a theme of Japanese television drama "101 kaime no Propose". It was regarded as a wedding-song.
On the Japanese Oricon weekly single charts, "Say Yes" spent 13 consecutive weeks at the number-one position. The single became the best-selling song for the duo. It sold over 2.82 million copies and is the sixth best-selling single in Oricon charts history.
Cover Version
In 1992, Hong Kong singer Raymond Choi covered this song in Cantonese.

</doc>
<doc id="18662311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662311" title="Poćkuny">
Poćkuny

Poćkuny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662316" title="Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's épée">
Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's épée

The men's épée fencing competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 10 at the Olympic Green Convention Centre.
The épée competition consisted of a six-round single-elimination bracket with a bronze medal match between the two semifinal losers. Fencing was done to 15 touches or to the completion of three three-minute rounds if neither fencer reached 15 touches by then. At the end of time, the higher-scoring fencer was the winner; a tie resulted in an additional one-minute sudden-death time period. This sudden-death period was further modified by the selection of a draw-winner beforehand; if neither fencer scored a touch during the minute, the predetermined draw-winner won the bout.

</doc>
<doc id="18662321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662321" title="Podlaski, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Podlaski, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Podlaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662323" title="Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's team épée">
Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's team épée

The men's team épée fencing competition at the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics took place on August 15 at the Olympic Green Convention Centre.
The team épée competition consisted of a four-round single-elimination bracket with a bronze medal match between the two semifinal losers and classification semifinals and finals for 5th to 8th places. Teams consist of three members each. Matches consist of nine bouts, with every fencer on one team facing each fencer on the other team. Scoring carried over between bouts with a total of 45 touches being the team goal. Bouts lasted until one team reached the target multiple of 5 touches. For example, if the first bout ended with a score of 5-3, that score would remain into the next bout and the second bout would last until one team reached 10 touches. Bouts also had a maximum time of three minutes each; if the final bout ended before either team reached 45 touches, the team leading at that point won. A tie at that point would result in an additional one-minute sudden-death time period. This sudden-death period was further modified by the selection of a draw-winner beforehand; if neither fencer scored a touch during the minute, the predetermined draw-winner won the bout.

</doc>
<doc id="18662324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662324" title="Posejanka">
Posejanka

Posejanka , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662326" title="Population Action International">
Population Action International

Population Action International (PAI) is an international, non-governmental organization which uses research and advocacy to improve global access to family planning and reproductive health care. Its mission is to "ensure that every person has the right and access to sexual and reproductive health, so that humanity and the natural environment can exist in balance with fewer people living in poverty". PAI's headquarters is in Washington, D.C.
History.
Population Action International was founded in 1965 as the Population Crisis Committee by Hugh Moore, Lammot du Pont Copeland and William Henry Draper, Jr. PAI’s early successes include playing a role in the establishment of the Office of Population within the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), the establishment of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) and raising funds for the International Planned Parenthood Federation (IPPF).
PAI participated in the 1994 International Conference on Population and Development in Cairo, which called for universal access to a range of population-related programs. It has participated in the UN Commission on Population and Development; in 2010, PAI president Suzanne Ehlers was a U.S. delegate to the commission.
Profile.
PAI promotes economic development, health and environmental sustainability through funding for family-planning and sexual and reproductive health services worldwide. The organization monitors the impact of U.S. policies and programs overseas, and fosters the development of United States and international policy on population and reproductive health issues. Internationally, PAI provides partner organizations with financial resources and technical assistance.
PAI's research and analysis focus on key issues in reproductive-health policy: improving access to reproductive health care, funding, and mobilizing political will to support family planning. It conducts demographic research on women’s empowerment, political and economic stability and governance. PAI tracks funding for family planning and reproductive-health services in developing countries, and engages in research examining the impact of population change on the environment and its implications for human security and sustainable economic development.
PAI's advocacy involves mobilizing political and financial support for family-planning programs and sexual and reproductive health and rights. It focuses on highlighting the links between population, family planning, gender equality and global issues such as poverty reduction, human security, climate change, geopolitical conflict and environmental sustainability.
In the United States, PAI works with domestic policymakers to strengthen U.S. reproductive-health policies and funding for programs that mitigate poverty and rapid population growth.
It monitors the United Nations, the World Bank and other multilateral organizations to assess progress achieved on the development and implementation of international population and reproductive-health policies.
Leadership.
The president of PAI is Suzanne Ehlers, who has worked with PAI for a number of years and previously served as interim president. Ehlers served as a U.S. delegate to the U.N. Commission on Population and Development in April 2010. Previously, she was a grants officer at the Wallace Global Fund and served as a Peace Corps volunteer in the Central African Republic.
Past presidents of PAI include Amy Coen (1997–2010), Hugo Hoogenboom (1995–1997) and J. Joseph Speidel (1987–1995). Under Speidel, PAI nearly doubled its staff and budget, increased media exposure in the U.S. and abroad, and began to train and sustain overseas advocacy groups. He also led PAI’s team during the 1994 International Conference on Population and Development (ICPD) in Cairo. During Coen's tenure, PAI worked to move U.S. policy to fortify the reproductive-health advocacy movement in other countries and the links between population and reproductive health and global issues such as climate change.
Financial profile.
For the fiscal year ending in 2008, PAI reported approximately $10.5 million in donations and grants. According to a 2008 annual report, PAI reported that it accepts no funding from governments and is financed through donations from foundations and individuals.
PAI published the following program and support services spending details for the 2008 fiscal year:
Initiatives.
Reproductive-health supplies.
To meet the growing need for reproductive-health supplies, PAI joined the Interim Working Group (IWG) on Reproductive Health Commodity Security in 2001 with partners John Snow, Inc. (JSI), the Program for Appropriate Technology and Health (PATH) and the Wallace Global Fund. The coalition met in Istanbul, Turkey in 2001 and devised a "Call to Action" plan with the goals of raising awareness, increasing support and proposing solutions to the crisis in reproductive health supplies in two phases (a supply initiative and a project Resources Mobilization Awareness:
Climate change.
PAI’s climate-change initiative examines and assesses the relationships among population, gender and climate change. The goals of the initiative are to strengthen the understanding of the influence of population on greenhouse gas emissions; demonstrate how demographic variables relate to climate-change vulnerability, and expand the concept of climate change resilience by highlighting gender, fertility, and reproductive-health dimensions. PAI partners with climate-focused organizations, including the Joint Global Change Research Institute and the National Center for Atmospheric Research.
Youth.
PAI's youth initiative works to highlight the sexual and reproductive-health and -rights needs of young people in the U.S. and abroad through the youth-led Young People's Initiative (YPI). The YPI aims to reach diverse audiences to promote improved sexual reproductive health and rights outcomes for young people. Goals and activities of the young people's work group include funding to youth-led initiatives in developing countries and U.S university tours and documentary presentations.
Publications and documentaries.
PAI publishes annual reports which provide an overview of the programs, research, accomplishments, finances, and future goals that the organization has undertaken the previous fiscal year. PAI also has financed and sponsored several documentaries centering on key population issues such as gender relations, HIV/AIDS, family planning and reproductive health. They are:

</doc>
<doc id="18662327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662327" title="Rachelany">
Rachelany

Rachelany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662329" title="Radziucie">
Radziucie

Radziucie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately north-east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662330" title="Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's foil">
Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's foil

The men's foil fencing competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 13 at the Olympic Green Convention Centre.
The foil competition consisted of a five-round single-elimination bracket with a bronze medal match between the two semifinal losers. Fencing was done to 15 touches or to the completion of three three-minute rounds if neither fencer reached 15 touches by then. At the end of time, the higher-scoring fencer was the winner; a tie resulted in an additional one-minute sudden-death time period. This sudden-death period was further modified by the selection of a draw-winner beforehand; if neither fencer scored a touch during the minute, the predetermined draw-winner won the bout.

</doc>
<doc id="18662333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662333" title="Radziuszki">
Radziuszki

Radziuszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately west of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662334" title="Rynkojeziory">
Rynkojeziory

Rynkojeziory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662337" title="Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's sabre">
Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's sabre

The men's sabre fencing competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 12 at the Olympic Green Convention Centre.
The sabre competition consisted of a five-round single-elimination bracket with a bronze medal match between the two semifinal losers. Fencing was done to 15 touches or to the completion of three three-minute rounds if neither fencer reached 15 touches by then. At the end of time, the higher-scoring fencer was the winner; a tie resulted in an additional one-minute sudden-death time period. This sudden-death period was further modified by the selection of a draw-winner beforehand; if neither fencer scored a touch during the minute, the predetermined draw-winner won the bout.

</doc>
<doc id="18662338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662338" title="Sumowo, Sejny County">
Sumowo, Sejny County

Sumowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-west of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662341" title="Świackie">
Świackie

Świackie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662344" title="Wigrańce">
Wigrańce

Wigrańce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662345" title="Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's team sabre">
Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's team sabre

The men's team sabre fencing competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 17 at the Olympic Green Convention Centre.
The team sabre competition consisted of a three-round single-elimination bracket with a bronze medal match between the two semifinal losers and classification semifinals and finals for 5th to 8th places. Teams consist of three members each. Matches consist of nine bouts, with every fencer on one team facing each fencer on the other team. Scoring carried over between bouts with a total of 45 touches being the team goal. Bouts lasted until one team reached the target multiple of 5 touches. For example, if the first bout ended with a score of 5-3, that score would remain into the next bout and the second bout would last until one team reached 10 touches. Bouts also had a maximum time of three minutes each; if the final bout ended before either team reached 45 touches, the team leading at that point won. A tie at that point would result in an additional one-minute sudden-death time period. This sudden-death period was further modified by the selection of a draw-winner beforehand; if neither fencer scored a touch during the minute, the predetermined draw-winner won the bout.

</doc>
<doc id="18662346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662346" title="MI5(g)">
MI5(g)

The MI5(g), or the MI5 G section, was a branch of the MI5 that was formed during World War I to address the war time espionage operation by the Indian revolutionary movement in Europe. The department arose by renaming the MO5(g), which was renamed MI5(g) in 1916. The MI5 itself, working under Vernon Kell, had a number of India experts at the beginning of the war. In September 1916, a special section, the MI5(d), section was formed to operate counter-espionage networks throughout the British empire. Another subsection, the MI5(b), was formed in January 1917 to deal specifically with Indians and "other oriental races". The MI5(g) had 27 officers in its staff, eight of whom had served in India before the war. Among them were ex-Indian civil servants including Robert Nathan and H.L. Stephenson. The main emphasis of this counter-espionage network was to prevent the subversion of Indian troops in the European theatre. The organisation, especially under Nathan, worked closely with the Special Branch of the Scotland Yard in Britain and with the Indian Political Intelligence Office headed by John Wallinger, which operated a network of spies in neutral Switzerland which a number of the Indian revolutionaries and members of the Berlin Committee used as a base.
MI5(g)'s work at the time identified the plans by Ghadar Party and the Berlin Committee to assassinate Lord Kitchener in 1915 through an associate of Har Dayal, Gobind Behari Lal. It was also responsible at this time, along with Basil Thomson, for the capture of Harish Chandra (who was associated with the Berlin committee) and turning him into a double agent. Through Harish Chandra was also identified plans for obtaining information of Ghadarite intrigues in Japan and China. Among other works, Nathan was responsible for the plans made by British intelligence in late 1915 to assassinate Virendranath Chattopadhyaya through an agent by the name of Donald Gullick.

</doc>
<doc id="18662347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662347" title="Wigrańce-Leśniczówka">
Wigrańce-Leśniczówka

Wigrańce-Leśniczówka , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662351" title="Zaleskie, Sejny County">
Zaleskie, Sejny County

Zaleskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662352" title="Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's épée">
Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's épée

The women's épée fencing competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 13 at the Olympic Green Convention Centre.
The épée competition consisted of a five-round single-elimination bracket with a bronze medal match between the two semifinal losers. Fencing was done to 15 touches or to the completion of three three-minute rounds if neither fencer reached 15 touches by then.
At the end of time, the higher-scoring fencer was the winner; a tie resulted in an additional one-minute sudden-death time period. This sudden-death period was further modified by the selection of a draw-winner beforehand; if neither fencer scored a touch during the minute, the predetermined draw-winner won the bout.

</doc>
<doc id="18662355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662355" title="Żegary">
Żegary

Żegary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately north-east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662367" title="Steve Linnane">
Steve Linnane

Steve Linnane is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s, and coach of the 2000s. After playing club football in the Winfield Cup for St. George and Newcastle, he moved to England where he became coach of Rochdale, Halifax and Hull Kingston Rovers.
Playing career.
As a young halfback, Linnane was signed to the St. George Dragons in 1985. He was named Dally M Rookie of the year and was also the season's top try scorer with 16 tries. Also playing in that year's Grand Final, he narrowly missed out on a premiership in his debut season as the Bulldogs beat the Dragons by just one point. In 1987 Linnane was suspended for 20 weeks by the NSWRL judiciary for eye gouging Penrith's Greg Alexander. He stayed with the Dragons until 1990 when he was sacked as a disciplinary action, then moved to the Newcastle Knights for the 1991 NSWRL season.
Coaching career.
Linnane was later player-coach with Kurri Kurri from 1992 to 1996 before retiring as player in 1996. He was assistant coach at the Newcastle Knights to Mal Reilly and Warren Ryan from 1997 to 1999, and then became head coach at English club Rochdale in December 1999. He quit in June 2000 to join Super League club, Halifax Blue Sox as assistant coach to Gary Mercer. Following Mercer's resignation in 2001 he was in temporary charge but was later appointed head coach of Halifax on a two-year contract. He was sacked in August, 2002, the morning after a 64-0 loss to St. Helens which came after nine losses from ten games which put the club at risk of relegation. Linnane then became the Hull Kingston Rovers club's first overseas coach. Under him, the club came within eighty minutes of their first grand final appearance in 2002, after a largely successful end to the season. In 2004 he resigned.

</doc>
<doc id="18662372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662372" title="Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's foil">
Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's foil

The women's foil fencing competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 11 at the Olympic Green Convention Centre.
The foil competition consisted of a six-round single-elimination bracket with a bronze medal match between the two semifinal losers. Fencing was done to 15 touches or to the completion of three three-minute rounds if neither fencer reached 15 touches by then. At the end of time, the higher-scoring fencer was the winner; a tie resulted in an additional one-minute sudden-death time period. This sudden-death period was further modified by the selection of a draw-winner beforehand; if neither fencer scored a touch during the minute, the predetermined draw-winner won the bout.

</doc>
<doc id="18662376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662376" title="Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team foil">
Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team foil

The women's team foil fencing competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 16 at the Olympic Green Convention Centre.
The team foil competition consisted of a three-round single-elimination bracket with a bronze medal match between the two semifinal losers and classification semifinals and finals for 5th to 8th places. Teams consist of three members each. Matches consist of nine bouts, with every fencer on one team facing each fencer on the other team. Scoring carried over between bouts with a total of 45 touches being the team goal. Bouts lasted until one team reached the target multiple of 5 touches. For example, if the first bout ended with a score of 5-3, that score would remain into the next bout and the second bout would last until one team reached 10 touches. Bouts also had a maximum time of three minutes each; if the final bout ended before either team reached 45 touches, the team leading at that point won. A tie at that point would result in an additional one-minute sudden-death time period. This sudden-death period was further modified by the selection of a draw-winner beforehand; if neither fencer scored a touch during the minute, the predetermined draw-winner won the bout.

</doc>
<doc id="18662384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662384" title="Arbasy Duże">
Arbasy Duże

Arbasy Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662385" title="Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's sabre">
Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's sabre

The women's sabre fencing competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 9 at the Olympic Green Convention Centre.
The sabre competition consisted of a five-round single-elimination bracket with a bronze medal match between the two semifinal losers. Fencing was done to 15 touches or to the completion of three three-minute rounds if neither fencer reached 15 touches by then. At the end of time, the higher-scoring fencer was the winner; a tie resulted in an additional one-minute sudden-death time period. This sudden-death period was further modified by the selection of a draw-winner beforehand; if neither fencer scored a touch during the minute, the predetermined draw-winner won the bout.

</doc>
<doc id="18662386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662386" title="Arbasy Małe">
Arbasy Małe

Arbasy Małe is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
The settlement has a population of 36.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662391" title="Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team sabre">
Fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team sabre

The women's team sabre fencing competition at the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics took place on August 14 at the Olympic Green Convention Centre.
The team sabre competition consisted of a three-round single-elimination bracket with a bronze medal match between the two semifinal losers and classification semifinals and finals for 5th to 8th places. Teams consist of three members each. Matches consist of nine bouts, with every fencer on one team facing each fencer on the other team. Scoring carried over between bouts with a total of 45 touches being the team goal. Bouts lasted until one team reached the target multiple of 5 touches. For example, if the first bout ended with a score of 5-3, that score would remain into the next bout and the second bout would last until one team reached 10 touches. Bouts also had a maximum time of three minutes each; if the final bout ended before either team reached 45 touches, the team leading at that point won. A tie at that point would result in an additional one-minute sudden-death time period. This sudden-death period was further modified by the selection of a draw-winner beforehand; if neither fencer scored a touch during the minute, the predetermined draw-winner won the bout.

</doc>
<doc id="18662393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662393" title="Bryki, Siemiatycze County">
Bryki, Siemiatycze County

Bryki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Drohiczyn, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662394" title="Gunong">
Gunong

The gunong or punyal (also known as "puñal de kris" or "kris knife") is a knife from Mindanao, the Philippines. It is essentially a diminutive form of the larger kalis or kris. The gunong serves both as a utility knife and as a thrusting weapon used for close quarter fighting - usually as a last defense. It is most often associated with the Maranao, among whom the gunong was traditionally carried by both sexes. The weapon is generally tucked into the back of a waist sash. 
The gunong is one of many bladed weapons portrayed in the "Weapons of Moroland" plaque that has become a common souvenir item and pop culture icon in the Philippines.
History.
The gunong was originally based on the kris (or kalis in Tagalog), a larger dagger created in Indonesia. The kris spread into neighbouring countries including what are now Malaysia, Brunei, Singapore, Thailand. In the Philippines, the kris and gunong were most common in the Malay-dominant southern province of Mindanao. The tribes carried blades as part of their regular attire, both as a precaution for self-defense and for accomplishing daily tasks. 
While the gunong dates back centuries before colonial times, it became more prevalent in 1915 when General John J. Pershing issued an order outlawing the wearing of swords. Now unable to carry traditional machetes or broadswords, people turned to the gunong to fill the gap without arousing the fears of the American colonial authorities. Around this time, the gunong became larger and was crafted with a pistol-grip handle rather than the old straight hilts. More extravagant fittings with chased bands on scabbards, belt clips, guards, and bulbous ferrules also became common. After World War II, thinner-bladed gunong were made from newer materials like nickel and aluminium.
The name punyal may be traced to "puñal", the Spanish word for "dagger".
Anatomy.
As with its larger relative, the kris or kalis, gunong can be either straight or wavy-bladed. The blade may be single or double-edged and broadens towards the hilt to protect the bearer's fingers. The sheath and the handle can be made from either wood or metal. The style of the hilt can be used to differentiate modern pieces from those made before the American occupation. 

</doc>
<doc id="18662398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662398" title="Bujaki, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Bujaki, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Bujaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has an approximate population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662399" title="Bużyski">
Bużyski

Bużyski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662401" title="Nyima languages">
Nyima languages

The Nyima languages are a pair of languages of Sudan spoken by the Nyimang that are part of the Eastern Sudanic family of Nilo-Saharan languages. 
The languages are Ama (Nyimang) and Dinik (Afitti).

</doc>
<doc id="18662403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662403" title="Chechłowo">
Chechłowo

Chechłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Drohiczyn, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662404" title="Chrołowice">
Chrołowice

Chrołowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662406" title="Billy Green Falls">
Billy Green Falls

Billy Green Falls is a 17 metre high complex ribbon waterfall found in Battlefield Creek, Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Billy Green Falls is named after Billy Green, the scout in the Battle of Stoney Creek (1813), an epic conflict during the famous war of 1812-14.
Nearby attractions include Bruce Trail, Mount Albion Conservation Area, Felker's Falls, King's Forest Golf Course, Mohawk Sports Park, Glendale Golf Course, Dofasco 2000 Trail, Battlefield House Museum and the Devil's Punch Bowl. 
Directions.
Billy Green Falls is located on the west side of Centennial Parkway at the second ravine on the right side when driving up the Niagara Escarpment.
External links.
Maps.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662408" title="Chutkowice">
Chutkowice

Chutkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662413" title="Klepacze, Siemiatycze County">
Klepacze, Siemiatycze County

Klepacze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Drohiczyn, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662416" title="Kłyzówka">
Kłyzówka

Kłyzówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662418" title="Koczery">
Koczery

Koczery is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662420" title="Lisowo">
Lisowo

Lisowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18662421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662421" title="Lisowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Lisowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Lisowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662425" title="Lisowo-Janówek">
Lisowo-Janówek

Lisowo-Janówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662433" title="Łopusze, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Łopusze, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Łopusze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Drohiczyn, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662442" title="Francis Hackett">
Francis Hackett

Francis Hackett (21 January 1883 – 25 April 1962). He was born in Kilkenny, Ireland to the daughter of a farmer and a medical officer. He is most famous for writing a detailed book about Henry VIII but was also a noted critic and published several other books most of which were either non-fiction or biographies. 
He was educated in St Kieran's College, where Thomas MacDonagh was his teacher. 
He married the Danish writer Signe Toksvig, and the couple lived in Ireland in the early years of the State, and then moved to Denmark, to the US during World War II, and back to Denmark. 
"Hackett immigrated to the United States in 1901 for various reasons, among them being his dissatisfaction with the British Government ruling Ireland, and his family’s inability to finance his college education. When he arrived in New York he published articles in Standish O’Grady’s "All Ireland Review", Arthur Griffith’s "United Irishman", and Samuel Richardson’s "The Gael". Hackett took a series of jobs as a clerk in a law firm, for the advertising department of Cosmopolitan Magazine, and literary editor of various periodicals, such as the "Chicago Evening Post". In 1906 Hackett moved into Hull-House and taught English to Russian Immigrants. As writer and critic, Hackett attacked Chicago’s genteel and commercial cultures, racism, and the subordination of women. He left his position as literary editor of the Post in 1911 to pursue a career as a novelist." (http://tigger.uic.edu/depts/hist/hull-maxwell/vicinity/nws1/documents/hackett-introduction.PDF)
Hackett died onn 25 April 1962.
Some of his books include: 

</doc>
<doc id="18662445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662445" title="Type 38 75 mm Field Gun">
Type 38 75 mm Field Gun

The was a 1905 German design which was purchased by the Empire of Japan as the standard field gun of the Imperial Japanese Army at the end of the Russo-Japanese War. The Type 38 designation was given to this gun as it was accepted in the 38th year of Emperor Meiji's reign (1905).
History and development.
Although Japan had extensive experience with artillery, as the result of its war with Russia in 1904-05, and had the technology and industrial infrastructure to construct medium or large caliber naval weapons prior to World War I, planners at the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff turned to Krupp in Germany, for the latest trend in artillery design. Initial units were imported, and then eventually over 2000 units, which were designed "Type 38" in Japan, were produced under license by the Army’s Osaka Arsenal.
The original Type 38 gun had a conical interrupted-thread breech, a single box type trail which limited gun elevation to only 16°30'. Also, there were no equilibrators as the trunnions were at the gun barrel's center of balance. All of these shortcomings were remedied with a redesign following World War I.
After World War I, these weapons were considered largely obsolete. However, by this time, Japanese production capabilities had improved, and the Type 38 underwent a re-design in Japan to improve the carriage, with a corresponding increase in elevation, range and rate of fire to 10-12 rounds per minute.
Design.
The Type 38 75 mm Field Gun was a thoroughly conventional design for its day, complete with crew seats on the gun shield and a solid box trail. It had a hydrospring recoil system, interrupted screw type breechblock, and 1/16-inch gun shield.
At some point prior to the Second Sino-Japanese War (sources differ as to when) the Type 38 was extensively modified. The piece was trunnioned forward and equilibrators were added to compensate for muzzle heaviness. It was given a hollow box trail that allowed elevation to 43°. The new version was called the "Improved Type 38". Some 400 units were produced in Japan, and it is unclear exactly how many Type 38s were upgraded to the improved version: however, but both types were still in service in limited numbers by the start of World War II, despite efforts to replace the design with the Type 90 75 mm Field Gun.
The Type 38 75 mm Field Gun (improved) was capable of firing High-explosive, armor-piercing warhead, shrapnel, incendiary, smoke and illumination and gas shells.
Combat record.
Despite its obsolescence, the Type 38 75 mm Field Gun was found in theatres of operation in the Second Sino-Japanese War, Soviet-Japanese Border Wars and in the Pacific War.

</doc>
<doc id="18662448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662448" title="Milewo, Siemiatycze County">
Milewo, Siemiatycze County

Milewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662449" title="Rugby league in Queensland">
Rugby league in Queensland

Rugby league is the most popular winter sport in the Australian state of Queensland.
History.
The earliest record of rugby football being played in Queensland is in 1876, when the Brisbane Football Club, formed in 1866 to play 'Melbourne Rules', commenced playing according to the recently codified Rugby (Union) rules, to fit in with two newly formed football clubs (Rangers and Bonnet Rouge), before reverting to Australian Rules (with occasional Rugby matches) in 1879. The Queensland Rugby Union was subsequently constituted as the Northern Rugby Union in 1883, and a year later the first organised club competition took place in Brisbane.
On 16 May 1908 the first game of rugby league was played in the sate when The touring New Zealand team played Queensland at the Brisbane Exhibition Ground.
The advent of professional rugby league in New South Wales saw many Queensland rugby players leaving for Sydney to play league. In 1908, the Queensland Rugby Union banned its players from going to Sydney to play league, which resulted in disgruntled players forming the Queensland Amateur Rugby Football League (QARFL) (later to be renamed Queensland Rugby League). The new organisation was attacked by both the local press and the QRU for introducing professionalism, which they claimed would destroy the sport. The first official club competition kicked off in Brisbane on May 8, 1909.
Of particular note was that at this time, league put down strong roots in the bush and in working class communities and these areas are still the heartland of the modern game of rugby league. World War I, from 1914 to 1918 saw some major rugby union clubs switch to rugby league.
In 1922 the Brisbane Rugby Football League (BRFL, later BRL) was formed out of dissatisfaction with the way the QRL ran the game. Those involved took particular exception to the salary being earned by Harry Sunderland as secretary of the QRL.
By the mid-1970s, crowds began to desert the BRL competition. Clubs found themselves in financial hardship, and the public began to support the Sydney competition which by then was being broadcast in Queensland. A state-wide competition - the Winfield State League would run in parallel to the BRL competition from 1982 to 1995.
Newly formed Brisbane Broncos along with the Gold Coast-Tweed Giants joined the New South Wales Rugby League premiership in 1988. In 1992 it was decided that South Queensland Crushers and North Queensland Cowboys would be admitted into the New South Wales Rugby League competition as part of the League's expansion plans for professional rugby league in Australia.
Gold Coast Titans joined the National Rugby League in 2007 to bring the total of Queensland-based teams up to three.
Governing body.
The Queensland Rugby League (QRL) is the governing body for the sport of rugby league in Queensland. It is a member of the Australian Rugby League (ARL) and selects the members of Queensland State of Origin teams.
National Rugby League.
The National Rugby League (NRL) is Australia's top level competition for the sport of rugby league.
There are three Queensland based teams in the NRL: Brisbane Broncos, Gold Coast Titans and North Queensland Cowboys.
The Gold Coast Chargers did compete in the 1998 NRL Season and the South Queensland Crushers had competed in the ARL from 1995 to 1997.
Major Competitions in Queensland.
Queensland Cup.
The Queensland Cup has been contested since 1996. Since 1998 the team winning the Queensland Cup is considered to be the premier club team in Queensland. This is because in 1996 and 1997 it was contested parallel to the Brisbane Rugby League, which was considered the premier competition in the state.
The Queensland Cup grew out of the Winfield State League. Since its formation in 1995, the Queensland Cup has been known as the Queensland Cup, Bundy Gold Cup, Channel 9 Cup. For sponsorship reasons it is currently known as the Entrust Super Cup.
FOGS Cup & FOGS Colts Challenge.
Also known as the FOGS Cup & FOGS Colts Challenge, they are run by the Queensland Rugby League's South East Division. It is made up of 12 clubs, 7 of which play in the Queensland Cup. Generally, it is regarded as the division below the Queensland Cup. The FOGS Cup and FOGS Colts Challenge are formerly known as the Quest Cup and Mixwell Cup
Foley Shield.
The Foley Shield competition began in North Queensland in 1948. With the introduction of the Queensland Cup in 1996 the Foley Shield competition was scrapped, only to be reintroduced in 2000. Since the revamp in 2000 it has only contested by the three largest cities in North Queensland; Cairns, Mackay and Townsville.
Past Competitions.
Brisbane Rugby League.
The Brisbane Rugby League (BRL) premiership was the premier competition in Queensland from 1909 until 1997. It was superseded by the Queensland Cup.
Bulimba Cup.
The Bulimba Cup was a representative competition contested between Brisbane, Ipswich and Toowoomba. It was contested between 1925 and 1972.
Winfield State League.
The Winfield State League was a Queensland-wide competition that was held in a variety of formats between 1982 and 1995. This competition was superseded by the Queensland Cup.
State of Origin.
The Queensland State of Origin side is by far Queensland's most loved football team. Purely a representative team, they play three games a year against New South Wales in the competition known as the State of Origin, thus named because players represent their state of birth or the state where they played their first senior game of football. They are currently captained by Darren Lockyer and coached by Mal Meninga.
The Queensland and New South Wales teams are heavily competitive. During the 1980s Queensland had the upper hand (8 out of 10 to Qld); during the 1990s, factoring in Super League which took out most of the Queensland team (through the Brisbane Broncos), the results were reasonably similar (6 out of 10 to NSW); and during the first decade of the 2000s, New South Wales has had the upper hand, but are by no means dominant (4 out of 7 to NSW, with the most recent to Qld).

</doc>
<doc id="18662451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662451" title="Miłkowice-Janki">
Miłkowice-Janki

Miłkowice-Janki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662453" title="Miłkowice-Maćki">
Miłkowice-Maćki

Miłkowice-Maćki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662457" title="Miłkowice-Paszki">
Miłkowice-Paszki

Miłkowice-Paszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662458" title="Miłkowice-Stawki">
Miłkowice-Stawki

Miłkowice-Stawki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662462" title="Minczewo">
Minczewo

Minczewo (, "Mynchevo") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662463" title="Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 3 metre springboard">
Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 3 metre springboard

Men's 3 metre springboard competition at the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics was held from August 18 to August 19, at the Beijing National Aquatics Center. It was an individual diving competition, with dives performed from a flexible springboard three metres above the surface of the water.
The individual diving competitions all consist of three rounds. In the first, the 29 divers each perform six dives. The top 18 divers advance to the semifinals. Each diver again performs six dives, and the top 12 divers from among those dives advance to the finals. Preliminary scores are ignored at this point, as only the semifinal scores are considered in advancement. In the final round, the divers perform a final set of six dives, with the scores from those dives (and only those dives) used to determine final ranking.
Seven judges evaluate each dive, giving the diver a score between 0 and 10 with increments of .5; scores below 6.0 or above 9.5 are rare. The highest and lowest score from each judge are dropped. The remaining five scores are summed, multiplied by .6, and multiplied by the degree of difficulty of the dive to give the total score for the dive. Scores from each dive in the round are summed to give the round score.
Results.
"Green denotes finalists"

</doc>
<doc id="18662464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662464" title="Sergey M. Bezrukov">
Sergey M. Bezrukov

Sergey M. Bezrukov is a biophysicist notable for his work on ion channels and stochastic resonance.
Education.
He received his MS in Electronics and Theoretical Physics from
Saint Petersburg Polytechnical University, 1973; and he obtained his PhD under 
Giliary Moiseevich Drabkin in Physics and Mathematics from 
Moscow State University, Russia, 1981.
Career.
During 1981-87, he was a Research Scientist, Leningrad Nuclear Physics Institute, Laboratory of Condensed Matter Physics; in 1987-90 a Senior Research Scientist, Leningrad Nuclear Physics Institute, Laboratory of Condensed Matter Physics; in 1990-92 he was a Visiting Research Associate, University of Maryland, College Park and Special Volunteer, National Institutes of Health, LBM, NIDDK; in 1992-98 he was Visiting Scientist, National Institutes of Health, LSB, DCRT and LPSB, NICHD; in 1998-02 he was an Investigator, Head of Unit, National Institutes of Health, LPSB, NICHD. He took up his present position in 2002, as Section Chief in the Laboratory of Physical and Structural Biology, National Institutes of Health (NIH), Bethesda, Maryland.
Honors.
Bezrukov was elected Member of Executive Council of the Division of Biological Physics of the American Physical Society in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18662465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662465" title="Narojki">
Narojki

Narojki (, "Nariiky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662468" title="Obniże">
Obniże

Obniże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Drohiczyn, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662472" title="Ostrożany">
Ostrożany

Ostrożany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Drohiczyn, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662475" title="Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's synchronized 10 metre platform">
Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's synchronized 10 metre platform

Men's synchronized 10 metre platform competition at the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics was held on August 11 at the Beijing National Aquatics Center.
Like all other synchronized diving competitions at the Olympics, only one round of competition was held. Eight pairs of divers competed. Each pair performed six dives, with both divers from the pair diving at the same time.
Nine judges evaluated each dive, with two each judging the performance of the two divers (the execution judges) and five judges evaluating the synchronization of the pair (the synchronization judges). For each dive, four of the nine scores are ignored - the highest and lowest execution scores, and the highest and lowest synchronization scores. The remaining five scores are summed, multiplied by the dive's degree of difficulty, and then multiplied by 0.6 to get a final score for the dive.

</doc>
<doc id="18662477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662477" title="Przesieka, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Przesieka, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Przesieka is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662481" title="Putkowice Nagórne">
Putkowice Nagórne

Putkowice Nagórne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662483" title="The American Mall">
The American Mall

The American Mall is an 2008 MTV musical film that debuted on August 11, 2008. The movie was received with very low ratings, averaging 436,000 viewers.
Overview.
Produced by the same team behind Disney's "High School Musical" film series, "The American Mall" is conceptually very similar, as it focuses on several teenage characters and their daily struggles, with comic elements and musical numbers. The central plot thread of the film is that the two main characters, Ally and Joey, are musically talented but face many personal obstacles to attaining success. The teenage characters are all mall employees - Ally works at her mother's music shop, and Joey and his friends work on the night custodial staff. 
The film was filmed in Provo, Utah at the Provo Town Center mall.
The song "Get Your Rock On" was released as Rock Band DLC on August 19, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18662485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662485" title="Rotki">
Rotki

Rotki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
World War II.
During German occupation of Poland, the Nazis set up a stone quarry in Rotki for the purpose of slave labor by the Polish Jews from the Łomża Ghetto. About three hundred persons worked in it, before they were shipped to Auschwitz for extermination in November 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="18662488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662488" title="Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's synchronized 10 metre platform">
Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's synchronized 10 metre platform

Women's synchronized 10 metre platform competition at the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics took place on August 12 at the Beijing National Aquatics Center.
Like all other synchronized diving competitions at the Olympics, only one round of competition was held. Eight pairs of divers competed. Each pair performed five dives, with both divers from the pair diving at the same time.
Nine judges evaluated each dive, with two each judging the performance of the two divers (the execution judges) and five judges evaluating the synchronization of the pair (the synchronization judges). For each dive, four of the nine scores are ignored—the highest and lowest execution scores, and the highest and lowest synchronization scores. The remaining five scores are summed, multiplied by the dive's degree of difficulty, and then multiplied by 0.6 to get a final score for the dive.

</doc>
<doc id="18662489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662489" title="Runice">
Runice

Runice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662494" title="Sady, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Sady, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Sady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662496" title="Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre platform">
Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre platform

Men's 10 metre platform competition at the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics was held from August 22 to August 23, at the Beijing National Aquatics Center. It was an individual diving competition, with dives performed from an inflexible platform, unlike the springboard used for three metre diving, ten metres above the surface of the water.
The individual diving competitions all consist of three rounds. In the first, the 30 divers each perform six dives. The top 18 divers advance to the semifinals. Each diver again performs six dives, and the top 12 divers from among those dives advance to the finals. Preliminary scores are ignored at this point, as only the semifinal scores are considered in advancement. In the final round, the divers perform a final set of six dives, with the scores from those dives, and only those dives, used to determine final ranking.
Seven judges evaluate each dive, giving the diver a score between 0 and 10 with increments of 0.5. The two highest and two lowest scores from the judges are dropped. The remaining three scores are summed, and then multiplied by the degree of difficulty of the dive to give the total score for the dive. Scores from each dive in the round are summed to give the round score.
Results.
"Green denotes finalists"

</doc>
<doc id="18662497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662497" title="Susuk (film)">
Susuk (film)

Susuk is a 2008 Malaysian horror film which was released on August 7, 2008 in Malaysia. The film is directed by Amir Muhammad and Naeim Ghalili. The story concerns about Soraya, who uses the forbidden practice of susuk in order to be famous.
Plot.
Soraya is a young trainee nurse who is starting to feel disaffected by her life. A chance introduction to the world of glamour piques her earlier ambition to be a star. She does not succeed at first, but she is told that the forbidden practice of susuk can help. She has to make a choice whether to stay the way she is, or cross the line. At first, susuk seems to give her confidence in her performance, and even to stand up to her abusive brother-in-law.
Meanwhile, Suzana is a prominent diva with an air of mystery. She has long been a practitioner of the black arts due to her use of the extreme susuk keramat. Every time she violates a taboo, a human life is required - first in the form of accidental deaths of her loved ones, then by outright murder and cannibalism. She develops inhuman, supernatural abilities. At the same time, she yearns for her more innocent days and hires a young assistant who reminds her of "happier times".
A mysterious and powerful dukun guides the two women down their paths to corruption. The viewers follow the lives of these two women until their stories converge in the true secret of this dreaded charm.
Home media.
The DVD release of "Susuk" costs RM 18.50 as of September 2008 and has English subtitles.
Awards and Nomination.
The film was nominated for 9 categories in the 21st Malaysian Film Festival, 2008 and won two of the categories.
Won
Nominated

</doc>
<doc id="18662498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662498" title="Siekierki, Siemiatycze County">
Siekierki, Siemiatycze County

Siekierki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Drohiczyn, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662499" title="Hatpokhar">
Hatpokhar

Hatpokhar () is a village in Deoria district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.
References.
http://www.maavooru.org/Place.aspx?PID=588067

</doc>
<doc id="18662500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662500" title="Sieniewice">
Sieniewice

Sieniewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662501" title="Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's synchronized 3 metre springboard">
Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's synchronized 3 metre springboard

Men's synchronized 3 metre springboard competition at the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics took place on August 13 at the Beijing National Aquatics Center.
Like all other synchronized diving competitions at the Olympics, only one round of competition was held. Eight pairs of divers competed. Each pair performed five dives, with both divers from the pair diving at the same time.
Nine judges evaluated each dive, with two each judging the performance of the two divers (the execution judges) and five judges evaluating the synchronization of the pair (the synchronization judges). For each dive, four of the nine scores are ignored—the highest and lowest execution scores, and the highest and lowest synchronization scores. The remaining five scores are summed, multiplied by the dive's degree of difficulty, and then multiplied by 0.6 to get a final score for the dive.

</doc>
<doc id="18662502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662502" title="Skierwiny">
Skierwiny

Skierwiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662504" title="Śledzianów">
Śledzianów

Śledzianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662505" title="Wordscraper">
Wordscraper

Wordscraper is a Scrabble-style word game available as a Facebook application. It was created by the Agarwalla brothers Rajat and Jayant, creators of Scrabulous, and differs from Scrabble by having no fixed board design or tile distribution, instead prompting the user to choose their own.
Wordscraper was reportedly released in response to a DMCA action against Scrabulous by Hasbro. It has been online since January 2008.
Game customisation.
Tim Peters allows users to create a customised board and tile set of their choice. Users choose where premium squares are placed on the board. Premium squares range from 2x to 5x letter score and 2x to 5x word score. Users can also choose the tile distribution including quantity of each letter and score for each letter. Users are free to share the rules they have created with other players.
It is not possible to recreate the copyrighted Scrabble board layout using this process, or any rough approximation of the board - attempting to do so or to use a saved Scrabble-type layout results in a "Sorry, this board is not allowed" message or in the game being automatically changed to Wordscraper Standard. These restrictions were imposed as part of a legal settlement of a case brought by Hasbro concerning copyright of the Scrabble game.
Differences from Scrabulous.
In addition to the ability to create customised games, Wordscraper differs from Scrabulous in a number of ways including:
User base.
, Wordscraper has over 116,000 monthly active users.

</doc>
<doc id="18662507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662507" title="Smarklice">
Smarklice

Smarklice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Drohiczyn, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662509" title="Smorczewo">
Smorczewo

Smorczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Drohiczyn, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662511" title="Sytki">
Sytki

Sytki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662513" title="Tonkiele">
Tonkiele

Tonkiele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662518" title="Ronald Pablo Baroni">
Ronald Pablo Baroni

Club career.
Baroni was known for his great heading ability and powerful physique. He played for a number of clubs in South America, and had spells with FC Porto and FC Felgueiras in the Portuguese Liga as well as with Ankaragücü in the Turkish Süper Lig. He ended his career playing for Colombian team Deportivo Cali.
International career.
Baroni made 19 appearances for the senior Peru national football team from 1993 to 1995.
Honours.
Club.
Universitario de Deportes:

</doc>
<doc id="18662520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662520" title="Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's synchronized 3 metre springboard">
Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's synchronized 3 metre springboard

Women's synchronized 3 metre springboard competition at the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics was held on 10 August at the Beijing National Aquatics Center.
Like all other synchronized diving competitions at the Olympics, only one round of competition was held. Eight pairs of divers competed. Each pair performed five dives, with both divers from the pair diving at the same time.
Nine judges evaluated each dive, with two each judging the performance of the two divers (the execution judges) and five judges evaluating the synchronization of the pair (the synchronization judges). For each dive, four of the nine scores are ignored—the highest and lowest execution scores, and the highest and lowest synchronization scores. The remaining five scores are summed, multiplied by the dive's degree of difficulty, and then multiplied by 0.6 to get a final score for the dive.

</doc>
<doc id="18662521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662521" title="Wierzchuca Nadbużna">
Wierzchuca Nadbużna

Wierzchuca Nadbużna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662523" title="Wierzchuca Nagórna">
Wierzchuca Nagórna

Wierzchuca Nagórna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662525" title="Wólka Zamkowa">
Wólka Zamkowa

Wólka Zamkowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662527" title="Zajęczniki">
Zajęczniki

Zajęczniki (, "Zayechnyky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Drohiczyn, west of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662529" title="Andy McDermott">
Andy McDermott

Andy McDermott is a British thriller author, and former journalist, magazine editor and film critic. McDermott is best known for his "Nina Wilde and Eddie Chase" novels.
History.
Andy McDermott was born in Halifax, England on July 2, 1974. He is a graduate from Keele University in Staffordshire, and currently lives in Bournemouth where he works as a full-time writer. Before becoming an author he was a journalist and editor of magazines such as Hotdog Magazine and DVD Review, and has also worked as a cartoonist, graphic designer and videogame reviewer. He has also written for the award-winning British sci-fi comic 2000AD.
Reception.
Critical reception for McDermott's work has been mixed to positive, with Publishers Weekly praising "Hunt for Atlantis" and "The Covenant of Genesis".

</doc>
<doc id="18662532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662532" title="Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre platform">
Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre platform

Women's 10 metre platform competition at the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics took place from August 20 to August 21, at the Beijing National Aquatics Center. It was an individual diving competition, with dives performed from an inflexible platform (unlike the springboard used for three metre diving) ten metres above the surface of the water.
The individual diving competitions all consist of three rounds. In the first, the 29 divers each perform five dives. The top 18 divers advance to the semifinals. Each diver again performs five dives, and the top 12 divers from among those dives advance to the finals. Preliminary scores are ignored at this point, as only the semifinal scores are considered in advancement. In the final round, the divers perform a final set of five dives, with the scores from those dives (and only those dives) used to determine final ranking.
Seven judges evaluate each dive, giving the diver a score between 0 and 10 with increments of .5; scores below 7.0 or above 9.5 are rare. The two highest and two lowest scores from each judge are dropped. The remaining three scores are summed, and multiplied by the degree of difficulty of the dive to give the total score for the dive. Scores from each dive in the round are summed to give the round score.
Results.
"Green denotes finalists"

</doc>
<doc id="18662535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662535" title="Henriquez">
Henriquez

Henriquez or Henríquez may refer to:
See also.
Felipe Henriquez

</doc>
<doc id="18662538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662538" title="Brzeziny-Janowięta">
Brzeziny-Janowięta

Brzeziny-Janowięta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662540" title="Dołubowo">
Dołubowo

Dołubowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Siemiatycze and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 393.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662541" title="Rabie Yassin">
Rabie Yassin

Mohamed Rabie Yassin (Arabic: ربيع ياسين) (born on 7 September 1960 in Beni Suef) is a former Egyptian footballer and current football manager.
As a left back, he played and captained Al Ahly SC as well as playing and captaining the Egypt national team. He participated in the 1990 FIFA World Cup and the 1984 Summer Olympics.
In 2013, as manager of the Egypt national under-20 football team, he won the 2013 African U-20 Championship, and competed in the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18662544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662544" title="Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 3 metre springboard">
Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 3 metre springboard

Women's 3 meter springboard competition at the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics was held from August 15 to August 17, at the Beijing National Aquatics Center. It is an individual diving competition, with dives performed from a flexible springboard three meters above the surface of the water.
The individual diving competitions all consist of three rounds. In the first, the 30 divers each perform five dives. The top 18 divers advance to the semifinals. Each diver again performs five dives, and the top 12 divers from among those dives advance to the finals. Preliminary scores are ignored at this point, as only the semifinal scores are considered in advancement. In the final round, the divers perform a final set of five dives, with the scores from those dives (and only those dives) used to determine final ranking.
Seven judges evaluate each dive, giving the diver a score between 0 and 10 with increments of .5; scores below 7.0 or above 9.5 are rare. The highest and lowest score from each judge are dropped. The remaining five scores are summed, multiplied by .6, and multiplied by the degree of difficulty of the dive to give the total score for the dive. Scores from each dive in the round are summed to give the round score.
Results.
"Green denotes finalists"

</doc>
<doc id="18662545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662545" title="Dziadkowice, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Dziadkowice, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Dziadkowice (, "Didkovychi") is a village in Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dziadkowice. It lies approximately north of Siemiatycze and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662546" title="Hornowo">
Hornowo

Hornowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siemiatycze and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662548" title="Hornowszczyzna">
Hornowszczyzna

Hornowszczyzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siemiatycze and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662550" title="Jasienówka">
Jasienówka

Jasienówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siemiatycze and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662553" title="Kąty, Siemiatycze County">
Kąty, Siemiatycze County

Kąty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Dziadkowice, north of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662558" title="Korzeniówka, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Korzeniówka, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Korzeniówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662565" title="Lipiny, Siemiatycze County">
Lipiny, Siemiatycze County

Lipiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Dziadkowice, north of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662566" title="Evsey Moiseenko">
Evsey Moiseenko

Evsey Evseevich Moiseenko (1916–1988, Leningrad) was a People's Artist of the USSR (1970), and full member of the Academy of Arts of the USSR (1973), Hero of Socialist Labor (1986). 
He lived in Leningrad from 1936. He was trained at the Academy of Arts under A. A. Osmerkin and taught at the Academy from 1958, becoming a professor in 1963. Moiseenko developed the theme of romantic heroism, which can be seen his paintings such as "The Reds Have Arrived", 1961; "Comrades", 1964; "Sweet Cherries", 1969; all of which are exhibited in the State Russian Museum in St. Petersburg.
In 1974, Moiseenko was awarded the Lenin Prize. The poetry of the village and city landscapes is demonstrated in "Tulsky Lane, Leningrad", 1963, (in the State Russian Museum), while "Boys", painted in 1974 and exhibited in the State Tretyakov Gallery captures the romanticism of youth.
In addition, he also painted portraits: portrait of artist "A. A. Osmerkin", 1970; portrait of art historian "G. V. Kekusheva", 1971, exhibited at the State Russian Museum and still-lives. The series of paintings "Memory" (1976–80) was awarded the State Prize of the USSR in 1983. During the last years of his life he worked on a series devoted to Alexander Pushkin, to the Poet's Memory, 1985. He lived on 56 Suvorovsky Avenue, where a memorial plaque is located. He was buried at Literatorskie Mostki. 

</doc>
<doc id="18662567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662567" title="Malewice">
Malewice

Malewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Dziadkowice, north-east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662571" title="Malinowo, Siemiatycze County">
Malinowo, Siemiatycze County

Malinowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Dziadkowice, north of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662572" title="Osmola">
Osmola

Osmola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siemiatycze and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662574" title="Smolugi">
Smolugi

Smolugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Siemiatycze and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 124.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662579" title="Smolugi-Kolonia">
Smolugi-Kolonia

Smolugi-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 51.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662581" title="Wojeniec">
Wojeniec

Wojeniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Siemiatycze and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662582" title="Zaminowo">
Zaminowo

Zaminowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Siemiatycze and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662583" title="Zaporośl">
Zaporośl

Zaporośl is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662585" title="Zaręby">
Zaręby

Zaręby may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18662590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662590" title="Zaręby, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Zaręby, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Zaręby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dziadkowice, north of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662594" title="Żuniewo">
Żuniewo

Żuniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662596" title="Żurobice">
Żurobice

Żurobice (, "Zhurobytsi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Siemiatycze and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662597" title="Barkeater Lake">
Barkeater Lake

Barkeater Lake is an online comic strip by cartoonist Corey Pandolph, originally published by United Media as part of its "GoComics" webcomics from early 2004 through January 5, 2007. Pandolph began publishing the online strip independently on January 22, 2007.
Pandolph has published two trade paperback collections: "Welcome to Barkeater Lake" and "Escape from Barkeater Lake".
On September 4, 2009, shortly after the strip returned to GoComics.com, Pandolph announced the strip would end its run October 31, 2009.
About.
The ensemble strip, taking place in the titular small Adirondack Mountains town in New York state, revolves around the surreal, picaresque misadventures of big-city expatriate Delores Tanzini, eccentric locals, and the two owner-proprietors of local gathering spot Chuck's Bar: Chuck, a former Olympics bobsled contender and coach, and Banks, a jaded and erudite anthropomorphic dog. Recurring characters include Delores' mother, the vodka-sipping evil mastermind Sabrina Tanzini; Sabrina's ex-husband and present butler, Winston; and what is eventually revealed, after several guest appearances, as hallucinations involving the fallen angel Satan, tired of his career and looking to settle down.
Regulars in the strip have included Allen, a young, hapless pharmacist; and Jack, the principal at the local high school, where the attractive young Delores teachers physical education and coaches the varsity football team.
Corey Pandolph.
Cartoonist Pandolph was born and raised in the Adirondack Mountains town of Saranac Lake, New York. He and his wife, Kristen MacIntire Pandolph moved to Portland, Maine in 1998; there Pandolph began illustrating for a local alternative newspaper and eventually sold "Barkeater Lake" to United Media.
Following "Barkeater Lake", Pandolph created the online and print-syndicated comic strips "TOBY: Robot Satan" a.k.a. "Toby", and took over artist duties on "The Elderberries" from Phil Frank.
In October 2005 Pandolph and fellow United Media cartoonist Stephan Pastis ("Pearls Before Swine") auctioned signed original Sunday strips on eBay to raise money for victims of Hurricane Katrina.

</doc>
<doc id="18662608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662608" title="Aleksandrowo, Siemiatycze County">
Aleksandrowo, Siemiatycze County

Aleksandrowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Grodzisk, north of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662613" title="Biszewo">
Biszewo

Biszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Grodzisk, north of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662615" title="Bogusze-Litewka">
Bogusze-Litewka

Bogusze-Litewka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662617" title="Eye railway station">
Eye railway station

Eye railway station may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18662619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662619" title="Czaje">
Czaje

Czaje is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662622" title="Czarna Cerkiewna">
Czarna Cerkiewna

Czarna Cerkiewna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Grodzisk, north of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662623" title="Canterbury Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Canterbury Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

Canterbury Cemetery is a small Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery located at ANZAC Cove in Turkey. It contains the remains of 27 soldiers from the New Zealand Expeditionary Force. 26 were from the Canterbury Mounted Rifles and one from the Wellington Regiment. It is the only CWGC cemetery on the Gallipoli peninsula which has no epitaphs on any of the grave markers.

</doc>
<doc id="18662624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662624" title="Czarna Średnia">
Czarna Średnia

Czarna Średnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Grodzisk, north of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662626" title="Czarna Wielka">
Czarna Wielka

Czarna Wielka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Grodzisk, north of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662627" title="Copenhagen Pro">
Copenhagen Pro

The Copenhagen Pro (CpH Pro) is an annual skateboarding competition held in Copenhagen, Denmark for professional skateboarders.
The competition is held in June or July held at the indoor Copenhagen skatepark with new course each year.
The first competition was in 2007.
2007.
The result from the final 2007
2008.
The result from the final 2008

</doc>
<doc id="18662629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662629" title="Dobrogoszcz, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Dobrogoszcz, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Dobrogoszcz is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Grodzisk, north of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662632" title="Dołubowo-Wyręby">
Dołubowo-Wyręby

Dołubowo-Wyręby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662636" title="Drochlin, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Drochlin, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Drochlin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662642" title="Grodzisk, Siemiatycze County">
Grodzisk, Siemiatycze County

Grodzisk (, "Horodys’k") is a village in Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Grodzisk. It lies approximately north-west of Siemiatycze and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 640.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662643" title="Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's single sculls">
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's single sculls

Men's single sculls competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held between August 9 and 16, at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
This rowing event is a single scull event, meaning that each boat is propelled by a single rower. The "scull" portion means that the rower uses two oars, one on each side of the boat; this contrasts with sweep rowing in which each rower has one oar and rows on only one side (not feasible for singles events). The competition consists of multiple rounds. Finals were held to determine the placing of each boat; these finals were given letters with those nearer to the beginning of the alphabet meaning a better ranking. Semifinals were named based on which finals they fed, with each semifinal having two possible finals.
During the first round six heats were held. The top four boats in each heat advanced to the quarterfinals, while all others were relegated to the E/F semifinals. 
The quarterfinals were the second round for rowers still competing for medals. Placing in the quarterfinal heats determined which semifinal the boat would race in. The top three boats in each quarterfinal moved on to the A/B semifinals, with the bottom three boats going to the C/D semifinals. 
Six semifinals were held, two each of A/B semifinals, C/D semifinals, and E/F semifinals. For each semifinal race, the top three boats moved on to the better of the two finals, while the bottom three boats went to the lesser of the two finals possible. For example, a second-place finish in an A/B semifinal would result in advancement to the A final.
The fourth and final round was the Finals. Each final determined a set of rankings. The A final determined the medals, along with the rest of the places through 6th. The B final gave rankings from 7th to 12th, the C from 13th to 18th, and so on. Thus, to win a medal rowers had to finish in the top four of their heat, top three of their quarterfinal, and top three of their A/B semifinal to reach the A final.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18662646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662646" title="Jaszczołty">
Jaszczołty

Jaszczołty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662648" title="Northwestern Bulgarian dialects">
Northwestern Bulgarian dialects

The Northwestern Bulgarian dialects are two closely related dialects of the Bulgarian language, which are located west of the yat boundary and thus are part of the Western Bulgarian dialects. The range of the dialects includes most of northwestern Bulgaria, to the west of the line between Nikopol, Pleven and Mezdra and to the north of the line between Vratsa and Belogradchik. They bear strong resemblance to their neighbouring Eastern Bulgarian dialects and with some exceptions, mainly the pronunciation of yat, have the same phonological and morphological features as the neighbouring subdialects of the Eastern Bulgarian Central Balkan dialect.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
Most other phonological and morphological features of the Northwestern Bulgarian dialects are similar to the characteristics of the Eastern Bulgarian dialects and the formal language: щ~жд (~) for Proto-Slavic ~ and Old Church Slavonic щ~жд (~), ъ () for both Old Church Slavonic (yus) and ъ (), vowel reduction, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18662653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662653" title="Joe Allison (American football)">
Joe Allison (American football)

Joe Allison is a former American football placekicker. Allison is perhaps most famous for being the winner of the inaugural Lou Groza Award in 1992, the award presented to honor the top placekicker in college football.
Career.
High school.
Allison attended high school at American High School in Miami, Florida. Although he starred at his school as a quarterback, punter, and placekicker, Memphis State University was the only Division 1-A school to offer him a scholarship. Allison chose to accept the scholarship, and attended Memphis State.
College.
Allison played collegiate football at the University of Memphis, which at the time was called Memphis State University. In 1992, his junior season at the school, Allison won the Lou Groza Award, awarded to the nation's top placekicker. During the season, Allison made 23 out of 25 field goals, and led the NCAA in both field goals made as well as and field goal percentage, where he achieved 92 percent. He also connected on all 32 extra points that he attempted. For the 1992 season, Allison scored a total of 101 points. Allison was also named by the Associated Press to the first-team All-American team, the first Memphis State University player in the school's history to be honored with that recognition.
Personal life.
Joe Allison's first cousin was Davey Allison, who was a NASCAR race car driver for Robert Yates Racing. Davey was killed in a helicopter accident in 1993. Joe was the godfather to Davey's daughter Krista. Joe and Davey were very close, and after his death, Joe said "Before I go in to kick, I put my hat down and say, 'Davey, give me the strength to do the best I can, to be as strong as you were.'"
Joe is currently a special education teacher at North Forsyth High School in Cumming, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18662656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662656" title="Kamianki, Siemiatycze County">
Kamianki, Siemiatycze County

Kamianki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662662" title="Koryciny, Siemiatycze County">
Koryciny, Siemiatycze County

Koryciny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Grodzisk, north of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662664" title="Lin Hsiung-cheng">
Lin Hsiung-cheng

Lin Hsiung-cheng (Traditional Chinese: 林熊徵; November 5, 1888 - November 27, 1946), born in the Banqiao District, was a Taiwanese banker and philanthropist. He was a member of the Lin Ben Yuan Family, the richest family of Taiwan in the late Qing Dynasty and Japanese-ruled Era. He was the richest person of Taiwan at his time. He joined the Tongmenghui in 1904, and supported the Sun Yat-sen's revolutions as a patronage. Lin was a co-founder of the Hua Nan Bank. And he also participated in other businesses such as sugar production, railroad building, or coal mining. His father was Lin Erh-kang (林爾康). The only son of him is Lin Ming-cheng (林明成), the current chairman of Hua Nan Financial Holdings.

</doc>
<doc id="18662665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662665" title="Kosianka Leśna">
Kosianka Leśna

Kosianka Leśna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662666" title="Kosianka-Boruty">
Kosianka-Boruty

Kosianka-Boruty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662670" title="Kosianka-Trojanówka">
Kosianka-Trojanówka

Kosianka-Trojanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662673" title="Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's lightweight coxless four">
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's lightweight coxless four

Men's lightweight coxless four competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held from August 10 to 17 at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
This rowing event is a sweep rowing event, meaning that each rower has one oar and rows on only one side. Four rowers crew each boat, and no coxswain is used. As a lightweight rowing event, rowers were limited to a maximum body mass of 72.5 kilograms each and 70 kilograms on average.
The competition consisted of multiple rounds. Finals were held to determine the placing of each boat; these finals were given letters with those nearer to the beginning of the alphabet meaning a better ranking. Semifinals were named based on which finals they fed, with each semifinal having two possible finals.
During the first round three heats were held. The top three boats in each heat advanced to the A/B semifinals, with the rest moving to the repechage. The repechage was a single heat, with the best three of the four competing boats moving on to the A/B semifinals as well. The fourth-place finisher in the repechage was given an overall ranking of 13th overall, out of the 13 boats in the competition.
Only A/B semifinals were held. For each of the two semifinal races, the top three boats moved on to the better of the two finals (the A final), while the bottom three boats went to the lesser of the two finals (the B final).
The third and final round was the Finals. Each final determined a set of rankings. The A final determined the medals, along with the rest of the places through 6th. The B final gave rankings from 7th to 12th.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->SA/B, 4..->R
Repechage.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->SA/B
Semifinals A/B.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->FA, 4..->FB

</doc>
<doc id="18662677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662677" title="Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's eight">
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's eight

The men's eight (M8+) competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held from August 11 to August 17 at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park. Seven of nine national teams returned from the men's eight competition at the 2004 Summer Olympics to compete again, joined by the host nation.
The 2008 Summer Olympics M8+ rowing competition consisted of eight teams, split into two four-team heats. Each team fielded a boat crewed by eight rowers and a coxswain. Each rower used a single oar, with four oars on each side of the boat. The winner of each heat qualified for the "Final A" (or Medal) round. The remaining six teams competed in the Repechage round, with the top four from that round qualifying for the "Final A" round. The last two teams in the repechage competed in the "Final B" round.
The final ranking for rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics was based on the order of finish in the two finals. The top three of the "Final A" teams earned Olympic medals for placing first, second, and third, while the remaining "Final A" teams placed fourth through sixth, according to their "Final A" finish. The "Final B" competition determined who places seventh and eight in the event's final ranking.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Preliminary competitions.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1->FA, 2..->R
Repechage.
Qualification Rules: 1-4->FA, 5..->FB
Results.
The winners of the heats, Canada and Great Britain, took the gold and silver medals; the winner of the repechage, United States, took the bronze.
Canada's Olympic M8+ rowing championship followed their 2007 World M8+ Rowing Championship, making the Canadian crew the first world champion in 35 years to follow up with Olympic gold. Canada finished in 5:23.89, about four seconds off the world record time of 5:19.85 set by the U.S. team during the second heat of the Men's eight at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="18662679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662679" title="Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's quadruple sculls">
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's quadruple sculls

Men's quadruple sculls competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held from August 10 to 17, at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
This rowing event is a quadruple scull event, meaning that each boat is propelled by four rowers. The "scull" portion means that each rower uses two oars, one on each side of the boat; this contrasts with sweep rowing in which each rower has one oar and rows on only one side. 
The competition consisted of multiple rounds. Finals were held to determine the placing of each boat; these finals were given letters with those nearer to the beginning of the alphabet meaning a better ranking. Semifinals were named based on which finals they fed, with each semifinal having two possible finals.
During the first round three heats were held. The top three boats in each heat advanced to the A/B semifinals, with all others going to the repechage. In the repechage, four boats raced for three spots in the A/B semifinals, with the top three advancing and the fourth place boat getting an overall rank of 13th of 13 boats competing in the event.
Only A/B semifinals were held. For each of the two semifinal races, the top three boats moved on to the better of the two finals (the A final), while the bottom three boats went to the lesser of the two finals (the B final).
The third and final round was the Finals. Each final determined a set of rankings. The A final determined the medals, along with the rest of the places through 6th. The B final gave rankings from 7th to 12th.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->SA/B, 4..->R
Repechage.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->SA/B
Semifinals A/B.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->FA, 4..->FB
Final A.
Poland completed the perfect quadrennial with wins at the 2005, 2006, and 2007 World Championships before capturing Olympic gold in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18662681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662681" title="Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's coxless four">
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's coxless four

Men's coxless four competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held between August 9 and 16, at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
This rowing event is a sweep rowing event, meaning that each rower has one oar and rows on only one side. Four rowers crew each boat, and no coxswain is used. The competition consists of multiple rounds. Finals were held to determine the placing of each boat; these finals were given letters with those nearer to the beginning of the alphabet meaning a better ranking. Semifinals were named based on which finals they fed, with each semifinal having two possible finals.
During the first round three heats were held. The top three boats in each heat advanced to the A/B semifinals, with the remaining boats going to the repechage. A single repechage heat was held, with the top three boats from that heat also advancing to the A/B semifinal. The lone remaining boat, placing fourth in the repechage, received a final rank of 13th of the 13 boats competing.
Only A/B semifinals were held. For each of the two semifinal races, the top three boats moved on to the better of the two finals (the A final), while the bottom three boats went to the lesser of the two finals (the B final).
The third and final round was the Finals. Each final determined a set of rankings. The A final determined the medals, along with the rest of the places through 6th. The B final gave rankings from 7th to 12th.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->SA/B, 4..->R
Repechage.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->SA/B
Semifinals A/B.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->FA, 4..->FB
Final A.
Australia took out an early lead and had were leading by about one boat length at the 500 m to go mark. At that point the favored British crew began to take back ground and took the lead with about 200 m to go, eventually winning by half a length. France came back from last at one point to grab the bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="18662682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662682" title="Afghanistan Research and Evaluation Unit (AREU)">
Afghanistan Research and Evaluation Unit (AREU)

The Afghanistan Research and Evaluation Unit (AREU) is an independent research organization based in Kabul, Afghanistan. It aims to provide a firm basis for policy and practice in the country's rapidly changing environment by conducting in-depth, on-the-ground research. Funding is provided by a variety of governments and agencies.
History.
In 2000 the Strategic Monitoring Unit (SMU) was established in Islamabad by the Afghan Support Group, to improve emergency response by ensuring that lessons learned from similar situations around the world were analysed and disseminated (at that time Afghanistan was largely under Taliban rule). The SMU produced two papers: a report on the northern province of Badakhshan., and a review of the Strategic Framework for Afghanistan 
After the toppling of the Taliban government in late 2001, the SMU was renamed the Afghanistan Research and Evaluation Unit (AREU) and given a new mandate. In early 2002 it moved to Kabul.
About Our Work.
AREU's research addresses the complete spectrum of actors in Afghanistan, from remote communities to officials at the highest levels of government.
Involving rigorous, qualitative fieldwork across a range of provinces, it provides a unique insight into many of the social, economic and political dynamics at work in the country today. Projects range from multi-year investigations of national development issues to short-term responses to priority topics as they arise.
Sample of Recent Projects.
AREU's research focuses on areas and issues of importance to policy makers. Current research themes are: governance, gender, livelihoods and human security, natural resource management, political economy and markets.
Natural Resource Management (2010–12): An integrated project on rural water management and opium poppy cultivation in the provinces of Helmand, Nangahrar, Balkh and Badakhshan.
The research aims to investigate how the River Basin Management (RBM) model is progressing in the EU-supported Panj-Amu River Basin Management Programme (P-ARBP) and the prospects of its replication in other river basins in Afghanistan. It also seek to facilitate the achievement of rural livelihood security and stability in Afghanistan by exploring the dynamics of the opium economy in the 2010-11 growing season and beyond.
Women's Participation in Development (2012): The research examines the various assumptions that justify the “gender-inclusive” development initiatives of some of the national development programmes and the micro-finance institutions.
It particularly examines the assumption that women’s participation in community organisation or development projects at the community level serves to “empower” them as individuals and as a group. It also explores what motivates and enables women to participate in these different programmes and what limits their participation. Finally, it provides an analysis of the different models and methods being used by facilitating partners involved in different national development programmes, and how these impact women’s ability to participate and the effects of such participation.
Communicating our Research.
AREU actively disseminates its research, which is always made publicly available and free of charge.
Publications: All AREU publications are available online and in hardcopy, with many translated into Dari and Pashto. These range from in-depth provincial case studies to peer-reviewed policy briefs and professionally published reports.
Updated each year, the A to Z Guide to Afghanistan Assistance aims to enhance general understanding of the array of actors, structures and government processes related to aid and reconstruction efforts in the country. The guide provides: a wide-ranging glossary of assistance terms, an overview of Afghanistan’s system of government, a series of country and city maps, key primary documents, and an extensive contacts directory that includes government agencies, NGOs, donors, and international actors. The latest version will be published early 2013 and will contain a dedicated section to the transition period.
When the first edition of the A to Z Guide was published in 2002, the goal then—as it is now—was “to provide a guide to the terms, structures, mechanisms and coordinating bodies critical to the Afghanistan relief and reconstruction effort to help ensure a shared vocabulary and common understanding.” Over the years the guide increased in scope and size, but has always followed the same successful model. 
Events and briefings: AREU regularly convenes events such as public seminars, roundtable discussions and press conferences. Meanwhile, staff frequently provide private briefings to Afghan and international policymakers.
Library.
An important complement to the research and publications of AREU is the library. Since the formation of the unit, statistical publications, NGO reports, policy papers and similar materials have been accumulated and indexed in the AREU Library on-line bibliographic database (built using Greenstone open source software). The library is open to the public and collaborates with other libraries in Kabul to collect and make available publicly documents of research value on Afghanistan.,

</doc>
<doc id="18662685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662685" title="Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's lightweight double sculls">
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's lightweight double sculls

Men's lightweight double sculls competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held between August 10 and 17 at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
This rowing event is a double scull event, meaning that each boat is propelled by a pair of rowers. The "scull" portion means that the rower uses two oars, one on each side of the boat; this contrasts with sweep rowing in which each rower has one oar and rows on only one side. As a lightweight rowing competition, the body mass of the rowers was limited to a maximum of 72.5 kilograms each and 70 kilograms on average. 
The competition consisted of multiple rounds. Finals were held to determine the placing of each boat; these finals were given letters with those nearer to the beginning of the alphabet meaning a better ranking. Semifinals were named based on which finals they fed, with each semifinal having two possible finals.
During the first round four heats were held. The top two boats in each heat advanced to the A/B semifinals, while all others were relegated to the repechage. In the repechage, two more heats were held. The top two boats in each of those heats also advanced to the A/B semifinals, while the remaining boats were sent to the C/D semifinals.
Four semifinals were held, two each of A/B semifinals and the C/D semifinals. For each semifinal race, the top three boats moved on to the better of the two finals, while the bottom three boats went to the lesser of the two finals possible. For example, a second-place finish in an A/B semifinal would result in advancement to the A final.
The third and final round was the Finals. Each final determined a set of rankings. The A final determined the medals, along with the rest of the places through 6th. The B final gave rankings from 7th to 12th, the C from 13th to 18th, and so on.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1-2->SA/B, 3..->R
Repechages.
Qualification Rules: 1-2->SA/B, 3..->SC/D
Semifinals C/D.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->FC, 4..->FD
Semifinals A/B.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->FA, 4..->FB

</doc>
<doc id="18662686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662686" title="Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's double sculls">
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's double sculls

Men's double sculls competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held between August 9 and 16 at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
This rowing event is a double scull event, meaning that each boat is propelled by a pair of rowers. The "scull" portion means that each rower uses two oars, one on each side of the boat; this contrasts with sweep rowing in which each rower has one oar and rows on only one side. The competition consists of multiple rounds. Finals were held to determine the placing of each boat; these finals were given letters with those nearer to the beginning of the alphabet meaning a better ranking. Semifinals were named based on which finals they fed, with each semifinal having two possible finals.
During the first round three heats were held. The top three boats in each heat advanced to the A/B semifinals, while all others went to the repechage. The repechage gave rowers a second chance to reach the top semifinals, with the top three boats in the repechage also advancing to the A/B semifinal. The remaining boats from the repechage went to the C final.
Only A/B semifinals were held. For each of the two semifinal races, the top three boats moved on to the better of the two finals (the A final), while the bottom three boats went to the lesser of the two finals (the B final).
The third and final round was the Finals. Each final determined a set of rankings. The A final determined the medals, along with the rest of the places through 6th. The B final gave rankings from 7th to 12th. The C final determined the rest of the rankings, through 14th.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->SA/B, 4..->R
Repechage.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->SA/B, 4..->FC
Semifinals A/B.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->FA, 4..->FB

</doc>
<doc id="18662689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662689" title="Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's coxless pair">
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's coxless pair

Men's coxless pair competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held between August 9 and 16, at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
This rowing event was a sweep event, meaning that each rower has one oar and rows on only one side. Two rowers crewed each boat, with no coxswain. The competition consists of multiple rounds. Finals were held to determine the placing of each boat; these finals were given letters with those nearer to the beginning of the alphabet meaning a better ranking. Semifinals were named based on which finals they fed, with each semifinal having two possible finals.
During the first round three heats were held. The top three boats in each heat advanced to the A/B semifinals, while all others were sent to the repechage. In the repechage, each boat had another chance to advance to the A/B semifinals, with the top three boats doing so. The remaining repechage finishers were sent to the C final.
Only A/B semifinals were held. For each of the two semifinal races, the top three boats moved on to the better of the two finals, while the bottom three boats went to the lesser of the two finals. For example, a second-place finish in an A/B semifinal would result in advancement to the A final.
The third and final round was the Finals. Each final determined a set of rankings. The A final determined the medals, along with the rest of the places through 6th. The B final gave rankings from 7th to 12th. The C final determined the places lower than 12th.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->SA/B, 4..->R
Repechage.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->SA/B, 4..->FC
Semifinals A/B.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->FA, 4..->FB

</doc>
<doc id="18662693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662693" title="Kozłowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Kozłowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Kozłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Grodzisk, north of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662695" title="Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's single sculls">
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's single sculls

Women's single sculls competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held between August 9 and 16, at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
This rowing event is a single scull event, meaning that each boat is propelled by a single rower. The "scull" portion means that the rower uses two oars, one on each side of the boat; this contrasts with sweep rowing in which each rower has one oar and rows on only one side (not feasible for singles events!). The competition consists of multiple rounds. Finals were held to determine the placing of each boat; these finals were given letters with those nearer to the beginning of the alphabet meaning a better ranking. Semifinals were named based on which finals they fed, with each semifinal having two possible finals.
During the first round six heats were held. The top three boats in each heat advance to the quarterfinals, together with the 6 fastest of the remaining scullers, while all others are relegated to the E/F semifinals. 
The quarterfinals were the second round for rowers still competing for medals. Placing in the quarterfinal heats determined which semifinal the boat would race in. The top three boats in each quarterfinal moved on to the A/B semifinals, with the bottom three boats going to the C/D semifinals. 
Six semifinals were held, two each of A/B semifinals, C/D semifinals, and E/F semifinals. For each semifinal race, the top three boats moved on to the better of the two finals, while the bottom three boats went to the lesser of the two finals possible. For example, a second-place finish in an A/B semifinal would result in advancement to the A final.
The fourth and final round was the Finals. Each final determined a set of rankings. The A final determined the medals, along with the rest of the places through 6th. The B final gave rankings from 7th to 12th, the C from 13th to 18th, and so on. Thus, to win a medal rowers had to finish in the top four of their heat, top three of their quarterfinal, and top three of their A/B semifinal to reach the A final.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18662697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662697" title="Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's coxless pair">
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's coxless pair

Women's coxless pair competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held between August 9 and 16 at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
This rowing event is a sweep rowing event, meaning that each boat rower has one oar and rows on only one side. The crew consists of two rowers, with no coxswain used. The competition consists of multiple rounds. Finals were held to determine the placing of each boat; these finals were given letters with those nearer to the beginning of the alphabet meaning a better ranking. 
During the first round two heats were held. The top boats in each heat advanced directly to the A final, while all of the other boats were sent to the repechage. Two repechage heats were held, with the top two boats in each of the repechage heats going on to the A final. The remaining finishers in the repechages competed in the B final.
The A final determined the medals, along with other rankings through 6th place. The B final determined the remaining (7th through 10th) places.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18662699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662699" title="Krakówki-Dąbki">
Krakówki-Dąbki

Krakówki-Dąbki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662700" title="Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's double sculls">
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's double sculls

Women's double sculls competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held between August 9 and 16 at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
This rowing event is a double scull event, meaning that each boat is propelled by a pair of rowers. The "scull" portion means that each rower uses two oars, one on each side of the boat; this contrasts with sweep rowing in which each rower has one oar and rows on only one side. The competition consists of multiple rounds. Finals were held to determine the placing of each boat; these finals were given letters with those nearer to the beginning of the alphabet meaning a better ranking.
During the first round two heats were held. The top boat in each heat advanced directly to the A final, with all others going to the repechage. The two repechage heats filled out the rest of the finals, with the best two boats in each repechage heat advancing to the A final and the remaining two boats in each repechage going to the B final.
Each final determined a set of rankings. The A final determined the medals, along with the rest of the places through 6th. The B final gave the rest of the rankings, through 10th place.
In the A Final, Georgina and Caroline Evers-Swindell of New Zealand defended their Double Sculls gold medal from the 2004 Summer Olympics in a highly competitive race which saw them beat the German crew by just 1/100th of a second (7:07.32 versus 7:07.33), and the third-placing British crew by just 0.23 seconds. This was the first time in Olympic history that the Women's Double Sculls title had been successfully defended. [http://www.nzherald.co.nz/olympic-games/news/article.cfm?c_id=502&objectid=10528815]
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18662704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662704" title="Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's lightweight double sculls">
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's lightweight double sculls

Women's lightweight double sculls competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held between August 10 and 17 at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
This rowing event is a double sculls event, meaning that each boat is propelled by a pair of rowers. The "scull" portion means that the rower uses two oars, one on each side of the boat; this contrasts with sweep rowing in which each rower has one oar and rows on only one side. As a lightweight rowing competition, the body mass of the rowers was limited to a maximum of 59 kilograms each and 57 kilograms on average.
The competition consisted of multiple rounds. Finals were held to determine the placing of each boat; these finals were given letters with those nearer to the beginning of the alphabet meaning a better ranking. Semifinals were named based on which finals they fed, with each semifinal having two possible finals.
During the first round three heats were held. The top two boats in each heat advanced to the A/B semifinals, with the rest going to the repechage. The repechage heats gave rowers another chance at the top semifinals, as the best three boats in each of the two repechage heats also moved on to the A/B semifinals. The remaining boats went from the repechage to the C final.
Only A/B semifinals were held. For each of the two semifinal races, the top three boats moved on to the better of the two finals (the A final), while the bottom three boats went to the lesser of the two finals (the B final).
The third and final round was the Finals. Each final determined a set of rankings. The A final determined the medals, along with the rest of the places through 6th. The B final gave rankings from 7th to 12th. The C final gave the rest of the rankings, down to 17th place of the 17 boats competing.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1-2->SA/B, 3..->R
Repechages.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->SA/B, 4..->FC
Semifinals A/B.
Qualification Rules: 1-3->FA, 4..->FB

</doc>
<doc id="18662706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662706" title="Krakówki-Włodki">
Krakówki-Włodki

Krakówki-Włodki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662712" title="Berrington and Eye railway station">
Berrington and Eye railway station

Berrington and Eye railway station was located in Eye, Herefordshire. It opened on 6 December 1853 and closed on 9 June 1958. 
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18662713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662713" title="Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's quadruple sculls">
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's quadruple sculls

Women's quadruple sculls competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held between August 10 and 17, at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
This rowing event is a quadruple scull event, meaning that each boat is propelled by four rowers. The "scull" portion means that each rower uses two oars, one on each side of the boat; this contrasts with sweep rowing in which each rower has one oar and rows on only one side. The competition consists of multiple rounds. Finals were held to determine the placing of each boat; these finals were given letters with those nearer to the beginning of the alphabet meaning a better ranking. 
During the first round two heats were held. The top boat in each heat advanced to the A final, while all others went to the repechage. A single repechage heat was held, with the top four boats moving on to the A final and the remaining two being sent to the B final.
The second and final round was the Finals. Each final determined a set of rankings. The A final determined the medals, along with the rest of the places through 6th. The B final gave rankings to the two remaining crews, giving them places of 7th and 8th.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1->FA, 2..->R
Repechage.
Qualification Rules: 1-4->FA, 5..->FB

</doc>
<doc id="18662714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662714" title="Krakówki-Zdzichy">
Krakówki-Zdzichy

Krakówki-Zdzichy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662716" title="Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's eight">
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's eight

Women's eight competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held on August 11 (heats), 13 (Repechage) and 17 (Final A), at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
This rowing event is a sweep rowing event, meaning that each rower has one oar and rows on only one side. Eight rowers and one coxswain crew each boat. The seven teams competing are placed into two heats, of four and three boats each. The fastest boat in each of those heats moves directly on to the final, while the rest of the boats are sent to the repechage. The repechage is a single heat, with the top four of the five boats advancing to the final. The repechage loser is given an overall rank of 7th place, last in the event. The other six boats, competing in the final, are ranked according to their finish in the final.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1->FA, 2..->R
Repechage.
Qualification Rules: 1-4 ->FA

</doc>
<doc id="18662717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662717" title="Krynki Borowe">
Krynki Borowe

Krynki Borowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662720" title="Krynki-Białokunki">
Krynki-Białokunki

Krynki-Białokunki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662724" title="Krynki-Jarki">
Krynki-Jarki

Krynki-Jarki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.

</doc>
<doc id="18662726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662726" title="Krynki-Miklasy">
Krynki-Miklasy

Krynki-Miklasy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662727" title="Mr. Two Bits">
Mr. Two Bits

George Edmondson, Jr. of Tampa, Florida, known to the University of Florida community as "Mr. Two Bits," is a football fan of—and cheerleader for—the Florida Gators football team.
Before the beginning of University of Florida home football games (at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium), Mr. Two Bits comes to midfield wearing his signature yellow shirt with a blue and orange tie to lead the crowd in the "two bits" cheer. Mr. Two Bits silences the crowd by blowing a whistle and holding up a sign which reads "2 Bits." Once the crowd has drawn silent, Mr. Two Bits points to the crowd which signals the beginning of the cheer and the fans begin to cheer:
'"Two Bits!<br>
"'Four Bits!<br>
'"Six Bits!<br>
"'A Dollar!<br>
All for the Gators
Stand up and holler!
The cheer began when Edmondson attended the season opener for Florida in 1949 against his alma mater, The Citadel. The Gators had lost five of their last six games the previous year and were not expected to do any better. When the fans booed the players and the coach even before the opening kickoff, Edmondson decided to boost their morale by leading them in a cheer about adding up bits (a "bit" is an eighth of a dollar, so eight of them would indeed total one dollar). The fans around him were so encouraged that he returned the next Saturday and repeated his direction. Soon he began the pattern he would use for almost all of the games he attended: moving around throughout the game to lead different sections of the stadium in his cheer.
Though Edmondson was never a University of Florida student, the university has named him an honorary alumnus of the school, and he has claimed it as his new alma mater. He was inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as an "honorary letter winner" in 1992.
He retired from his cheerleading at the end of the 2008 Florida football season. Florida held a special ceremony prior to the UF/Citadel game in 2008 to "officially" retire Mr. Two Bits. Unlike his first "retirement" at the end of the 1998 season, Mr. Two Bits has only made sporadic appearances on the field since the UF/Citadel game. 
Will Muschamp in 2013 has invited Gator greats to serve as "Celebrity Mr. Two Bits" to lead the crowd in the Two Bits cheer before every Gator home game. They wear the same clothes that Edmondson always wore at every game to stand out in the crowd—a yellow shirt, orange and blue tie, and a pair of white and blue striped seersucker pants.

</doc>
<doc id="18662728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662728" title="Krynki-Sobole">
Krynki-Sobole

Krynki-Sobole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662730" title="Lubowicze">
Lubowicze

Lubowicze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662731" title="Makarki">
Makarki

Makarki (, "Makarky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662735" title="Małyszczyn">
Małyszczyn

Małyszczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Grodzisk, north of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662737" title="Mierzynówka">
Mierzynówka

Mierzynówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Grodzisk, north of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662738" title="Morze, Siemiatycze County">
Morze, Siemiatycze County

Morze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662739" title="Cycling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's BMX">
Cycling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's BMX

The women's BMX cycling at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on August 20–22 at the Laoshan BMX Field, the first to be officially featured in the Olympic cycling program.
Coming out of retirement from her sporting career to try out for BMX at age thirty, France's Anne-Caroline Chausson escaped from an early race crash that left two riders off the ramp to claim the event's inaugural Olympic gold medal. She thundered home on the final stretch to a spectacular finish with a fastest time in 35.976. Chausson also enjoyed her teammate Laëtitia Le Corguillé taking home the silver in 38.042, as she finished the race behind the leader by nearly seven hundredths of a second (0.07) and also, handed the French squad a straight 1–2 finish on the medal podium. Meanwhile, United States' Jill Kintner came up with a powerful, stalwart ride to earn the bronze in 38.674, edging out New Zealand's Sarah Walker by a short sprint distance.
Qualification.
Sixteen riders representing twelve countries qualified for the event. Qualification was based on UCI ranking by nations, 2008 UCI BMX World Championships results and wild-cards reserved to a "Tripartite Commission" (IOC, ANOC, UCI).
Competition format.
Each of the 16 women competing performed two runs of the course in individual time trials to determine seeding for the knockout rounds. Then, they were grouped into 2 semifinal groups based on that seeding. Each semifinal consisted of three runs of the course, using a point-for-place system. The top four cyclists in each semifinal (for a total of 8) moved on to the final. Unlike the semifinals, the final consisted of a single race with the first to the finish line claiming the gold medal.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18662742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662742" title="Niewiarowo-Przybki">
Niewiarowo-Przybki

Niewiarowo-Przybki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662746" title="Niewiarowo-Sochy">
Niewiarowo-Sochy

Niewiarowo-Sochy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662748" title="Myoblast city">
Myoblast city

Myoblast city (Mbc) is the "Drosophila melanogaster" ortholog of the mammalian protein Dock180. Mutant "mbc" embryos exhibit defects in dorsal closure, cytoskeletal organization, myogenesis, and neural development.

</doc>
<doc id="18662750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662750" title="Nowe Sypnie">
Nowe Sypnie

Nowe Sypnie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662751" title="Bard (album)">
Bard (album)

Bard is the third studio album by the English progressive rock band, Big Big Train. It was released in 2002 by Treefrog Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18662752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662752" title="Vidin-Lom dialect">
Vidin-Lom dialect

The Vidin-Lom dialect is a Bulgarian dialect spoken in the regions of Vidin and Lom and partially in the regions of Berkovitsa and Montana in northwestern Bulgaria. The dialect is part of the Northwestern Bulgarian dialects. The most significant feature of the dialect, as in all Western Bulgarian dialects, is the pronunciation of Old Church Slavonic (yat) only as instead of formal and Eastern Bulgarian я/е (/) – "бел/бели" instead of бял/бели.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
Most other phonological and morphological characteristics of the dialect are the same as the general features typical for all Northwestern Bulgarian dialects (cf. article for details).
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_zap_1.htm#vidinsko-lomski]

</doc>
<doc id="18662753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662753" title="Porzeziny-Giętki">
Porzeziny-Giętki

Porzeziny-Giętki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662756" title="Porzeziny-Mendle">
Porzeziny-Mendle

Porzeziny-Mendle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662760" title="Rybałty">
Rybałty

Rybałty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662762" title="Siemiony">
Siemiony

Siemiony is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Grodzisk, north of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662764" title="Stadniki">
Stadniki

Stadniki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18662768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662768" title="Stadniki, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Stadniki, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Stadniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662772" title="Stara Kosianka">
Stara Kosianka

Stara Kosianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662781" title="Stare Bogusze">
Stare Bogusze

Stare Bogusze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662787" title="Stare Sypnie">
Stare Sypnie

Stare Sypnie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662793" title="Targowisk">
Targowisk

Targowisk is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Grodzisk, north of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662795" title="Żale">
Żale

Żale is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662798" title="Żery Bystre">
Żery Bystre

Żery Bystre is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Grodzisk, north-west of Siemiatycze, and south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662801" title="Żery-Czubiki">
Żery-Czubiki

Żery-Czubiki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662804" title="Żery-Pilaki">
Żery-Pilaki

Żery-Pilaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662806" title="Garapadu">
Garapadu

Garapadu is a village in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. This village belongs to the Vatticherukuru mandal. It is situated 12KM from the city Guntur. This village has an estimated population of 1500. The people of this village mainly dependent upon the agriculture. The people cultivates rice, chillies, cotton mainly because of the nature of land and the city Guntur is known as chilly city and is hub for the cotton production.
Before the village formed, the place was filled with a type of thorn trees called "Garlakampa". And the people cut that trees and make this place for purpose of living. In earlier days it is called as Garlapadu and now it is known as Garapadu.
GARAPADU is located at160 121N 800231. The village is located around 76KM to the north of the Bay of Bengal on the east coast of India.
This village include all types of cultures and it is not center for only one type of religion or cast. Telugu is the main language of communication in the village. The culture is vibrant with many festivals (that have been celebrated over thousands of years). Those festivals observed in Garapadu with great pomp and splendour are: Deepavali, Krishna-Ashtami, Rama Navami, Sankranti, Sivaratri, Ugadi, Vijaya Dasami, Vinayaka-Chaviti. Vinayaka chavithi and Sankranthi are most famous festivals.
Painted Storks "Mycteria leucocephala", Spot-billed Pelicans "Pelecanus philippensis", Black-headed Ibis "Threskiornis melanocephalus" and other birds nest here as it is located near Uppalapadu sanctuary, Andhra Pradesh, India. (Pictures of Birds at Garapadu)
The main industries that are surrounded the village are cotton mills. The main water comes from Guntur Channel which is sub canal of Krishna river. This channel ends with this village and water for other villages ahead of this village comes from Nagarjunasagar right canal. This Guntur Channel water is stored in the ponds. Garapadu village have two ponds, in which one is used for drinking water. The water for the agriculture comes from the same channel and also natural rain water.
For the purpose of transportation APSRTC provided two RTC buses for this village which shuttles between Guntur and Pallapadu. These buses are starts from RTC bus station at every hour. The auto service also available for the transportation.
Coming to the education facilities, This Garapadu has an upper primary school (ZPHS) and lower secondary school. The ZPH school is famous for the teaching and better results in the mandal. Also some private schools are there within the mandal region.
The climate in Garapadu village is very tropical in nature, but there are dry spells especially during the winter season.

</doc>
<doc id="18662807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662807" title="Zagonek">
Zagonek

Viacheslav Frantsevich Zagonek (1919–1994) People's Artist of the USSR, full member of the Russian Academy of Sciences and Laureate of I.E.Repin State Prize, Viacheslav Zagonek, is known as an outstanding lyrical scenery master.
Life and work.
Youth and education.
Some of the canvases by V.Zagonek are on permanent display in the largest museum collections of Russia: 
State Russian Museum (http://www.rusmuseum.ru/eng/home/), the State Tretyakov Gallery (http://www.tretyakovgallery.ru/), the Saratov State Museum of Fine Arts named after A.N. Radishev (http://www.radmuseumart.ru/ http://www.russianmuseums.info/M1453 ), Astrakhan Painting Gallery named after B.M.Kustodiev (http://www.russianmuseums.info/M1447), Yaroslavl Art Museum (http://www.russianmuseums.info/M1592); the Scientific Research Museum of the Russian Academy of Arts, St. Petersburg; Lvov State Paintings Gallery, Ukraine; Perm State Painting Gallery; Kiev Museum of Russian Art, Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="18662814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662814" title="Adamowo-Zastawa">
Adamowo-Zastawa

Adamowo-Zastawa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Mielnik, east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662820" title="Capniidae">
Capniidae

The Capniidae, the small winter stoneflies, are a family of insects in the stonefly order (Plecoptera). It constitutes one of the largest stonefly families, containing some 300 species distributed throughout the holarctic. Their closest relatives are the rolled-winged stoneflies (Leuctridae).
Many species are endemic to small ranges, perhaps due to the family's tendency to evolve tolerance for cold (isolating populations in mountain valleys) and winglessness (inhibiting dispersal). Indeed, some wingless Capniidae – e.g. the Lake Tahoe benthic stonefly (""Capnia" lacustra" ("Capnia" is not monophyletic and this species is suspected to belong elsewhere) or "Baikaloperla" spp. – spend their entire lifecycles under water and do not disperse from their native lakes at all.
Description and ecology.
Adult Capniidae, as their common name implies, are typically small Plecoptera; while most are less than 1 cm long with some measuring just 4 mm as adults, a few are as large as 25 mm (1 in) at adulthood. The adults emerge from the water in winter and are often found walking around on the snow. Characteristic are the wings with at most one cubital crossvein, and the paraprocts (anal lobes), the inner lobes of which form a tube closed on the underside by the outer lobes.
Nymphs of small winter stoneflies typically have very elongated and slender bodies, similar to those of Leuctridae. However, the groove along the abdomen, from segment 1 to 9, is generally very pronounced.
The nymphs dwell in the hyporheic zone, the interface between stream water and groundwater. Only immediately before moulting into the adult form will the nymphs move out of the substrate and appear on the stream bed. Thus, although they may be plentiful in clean rivers and streams, they are seldom encountered in standard samples of benthos.
Systematics and taxonomy.
The family Capniidae is often considered to be monotypic as to subfamily, with the Capniinae being inserted at that rank. However, this is rather pointless; in any case, the phylogeny, systematics, and taxonomy of the small winter stoneflies are highly confused. There appear to be two very basal genera and presumably two larger clades which conceivably could be considered subfamilies, but the phylogeny of the Capniidae is by no means robustly resolved, with about one-third of the named genera of uncertain position. Hence, any subdivision beyond the generic level is premature.
Furthermore, the type genus "Capnia" is probably not monophyletic and in serious need of splitting. The type species "Capnia nigra" and its closest relatives would retain their genus name; they are closely related to "Capnura". The North American species, at least for the largest part, are closer to "Mesocapnia"; other ""Capnia"" seem closest to "Bolshecapnia". Finally, a fourth group is of rather uncertain position in the main assemblage of Capniidae.
A rough layout of the suspected phylogeny can be given as:
Basal genera
Suspected clade/subfamily 1
Suspected clade 2/subfamily Capniinae "sensu stricto"
"Incertae sedis" as to clade 1 or 2

</doc>
<doc id="18662822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662822" title="Grabowiec, Siemiatycze County">
Grabowiec, Siemiatycze County

Grabowiec (, "Hrabovets’") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662824" title="Homoty">
Homoty

Homoty (, "Homoty") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-west of Mielnik, south-east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662829" title="Końskie Góry">
Końskie Góry

Końskie Góry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662832" title="Koterka">
Koterka

Koterka (, "Koterka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662834" title="Kudlicze">
Kudlicze

Kudlicze (, "Kudelychi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662838" title="Maćkowicze">
Maćkowicze

Maćkowicze (, "Mats’kovychi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-west of Mielnik, south-east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662841" title="Mętna">
Mętna

Mętna (, "Mutna") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately east of Mielnik, south-east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662845" title="Moszczona Królewska">
Moszczona Królewska

Moszczona Królewska (, "Moshchena Korolivs’ka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-west of Mielnik, south-east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662848" title="Cayahuanca Stone">
Cayahuanca Stone

The Cayahuanca Stone (Piedra Cayahuanca ) is a stone located some 4 kilometers to the north of San Ignacio, Chalatenango on the border between Honduras and El Salvador, approximately 1550 metres above sea level. The rock serves as a mark of the border, giving a panoramic view of both countries. 
During Easter, the local inhabitants and visitors meet at the point of Cayahuanca the Stone and camp overnight.

</doc>
<doc id="18662853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662853" title="Niemirów, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Niemirów, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Niemirów (, "Nemyriv") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south-east of Mielnik, south-east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662856" title="Oksiutycze">
Oksiutycze

Oksiutycze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-west of Mielnik, east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662859" title="Osłowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Osłowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Osłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-west of Mielnik, south-east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662861" title="First Presbyterian Church (Augusta, Georgia)">
First Presbyterian Church (Augusta, Georgia)

First Presbyterian Church is an historic Presbyterian church located at 642 Telfair Street in Augusta, Georgia in the United States. The church was established in 1804, and the building was completed in 1812. It was designed by noted architect Robert Mills in the Romanesque style. On February 21, 1997, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places, listed as First Presbyterian Church of Augusta.
During his childhood, United States president Woodrow Wilson's father - Joseph R. Wilson - was minister at First Presbyterian from 1858 to 1870. The Woodrow Wilson Boyhood Home is a historic site nearby. In 1861 the Church hosted the first General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in the Confederate States and the first minister in this new denomination was President Wilson's father.
During the Civil War the building was used as a hospital for men wounded in the Battle of Chickamauga. Men who died was buried in the Magnolia Cemetery.
Later the church served as a center of social and religious activities during World War I. and World War II.
First Presbyterian Church is a member congregation of the Presbyterian Church in America.
It adheres to the Westminster Confession of Faith, Westminster Shorter Cathechism and Westminster Larger Catechism.
The current senior pastor is George W. Robertson.

</doc>
<doc id="18662864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662864" title="Pawłowicze">
Pawłowicze

Pawłowicze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-west of Mielnik, east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662871" title="Poręby, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Poręby, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Poręby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662875" title="Radziwiłłówka">
Radziwiłłówka

Radziwiłłówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north of Mielnik, south-east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662879" title="Sutno">
Sutno

Sutno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately east of Mielnik, south-east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662881" title="Issels treatment">
Issels treatment

The Issels Treatment, or Issels Combination Therapy, is an alternative cancer treatment based on the ideas of Josef Issels. The Issels Treatment is considered ineffective against cancer by the American Cancer Society, and is listed as a "Dubious Treatment" by the alternative medicine watchdog website, Quackwatch.
Details.
In Issels Combination Therapy, patients are asked to remove any teeth containing metal fillings, to follow a strict diet, and to eliminate various substances, such as alcohol and caffeine, which are considered harmful. The treatment makes use of holistic and orthomolecular principles, utilizing certain specialized vaccines, chelation and enzymatic therapies, along with nutraceutical supplementation, such as laetrile and vitamin C. The Issels Treatment is not approved for treatment in the United Kingdom, but is available in the United States at a reported cost, in 2005, of US$65,000 (or about £45,000).

</doc>
<doc id="18662884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662884" title="Tokary, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Tokary, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Tokary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662885" title="Wajków">
Wajków

Wajków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south-east of Mielnik, south-east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662888" title="Wilanowo">
Wilanowo

Wilanowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18662890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662890" title="Wilanowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship">
Wilanowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship

Wilanowo (, "Vylinovo") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Mielnik, east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662896" title="Biełki">
Biełki

Biełki (, "Bilky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662897" title="Borowiki">
Borowiki

Borowiki (, "Borovyky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Siemiatycze and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662898" title="Chańki">
Chańki

Chańki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siemiatycze and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662901" title="Choroszczewo">
Choroszczewo

Choroszczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siemiatycze and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662904" title="Choroszczewo-Kolonia">
Choroszczewo-Kolonia

Choroszczewo-Kolonia is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662905" title="Gołubowszczyzna">
Gołubowszczyzna

Gołubowszczyzna (, "Holubivshchyna") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662906" title="Nangar Khel incident">
Nangar Khel incident

The Nangar Khel incident, sometimes called the Nangar Khel massacre, took place in the Afghan village of Nangar Khel (Paktika Province) on August 16, 2007. Following an insurgent IED ambush which injured two soldiers from another Polish patrol in the area, a patrol of Polish soldiers from the elite 18th Airborne-Assault Battalion taking part in the International Security Assistance Force responded with heavy machine gun fire and fired a 60 mm mortar at the village. The attack resulted in the deaths of six civilians, including a pregnant woman and three children, and seriously injured three other women.
Incident.
According to the military report D9 161030z of the Afghan War Diary, the patrol fired 26 mortar rounds, of which three landed in a compound where a wedding celebration was taking place. The villagers stated that there was no shooting coming from the village when the mortars were fired there, while the Polish soldiers stated that they had fired a machine gun at four people near the village, who in turn fired back. The villagers stated that the Polish soldiers should have come to the village to ask for information regarding Taliban fighters planting of IEDs, since the villagers were opposed to Talibs' operations near their village.
That evening and the following day, the Provincial Reconstruction Team and Polish soldiers planned "consequence management", including contact with the villagers, gifts of food and supplies, the purchase of a goat for the villagers as a goodwill gesture, and regular visits to the village in order to build "trust and rapport with the villagers". Families of the victims were later paid compensation, while the injured Afghans were flown to be treated for their wounds in a hospital in Poland.
Trial.
On July 6, 2008, prosecutors ended the investigation and sent an indictment against seven soldiers of the Charlie combat team (two officers, two non-commissioned officers and three privates) to the Warsaw's Military District Court, accusing them of committing a war crime of unlawfully targeting civilians in a reprisal. Captain Olgierd C. and his men all say they are innocent. Six of them (accused of killing civilians), if found guilty, would face a penalty of 12 to 25 years in prison to even life imprisonment, while another one (accused of opening fire on an unarmed target) faces up to 25 years in prison. According to spokesperson for the Court, "It's a unique trial, not only in Poland but also in Europe or even in the world." Nevertheless, the case was given little attention in foreign media.
The trial began in February 2009. In May, Polish Minister of Defense Bogdan Klich gave a testimony in which he called the incident "a mistake", citing opinion of commander of the U.S. forces in the area. The soldiers have also gained support from many military officers and celebrities, including General Sławomir Petelicki, the founder and first commander of the Polish special forces unit GROM. On June 1, 2011, the Warsaw District Court acquitted all seven soldiers for lack of evidence of deliberate killing. The court described the case as unprecedented in the history of the Polish military and judiciary. The prosecution has the right of appeal against the verdict.
Re-trial 2012.
Poland's highest court opened a new trial for seven Polish soldiers in 2012. Prosecutors said that they are convinced that war crimes were committed. The first ruling "should not stand," prosecutor Jan Zak said.
In 2013 trial was still in court, especially case of ppor.(lower OF-1 Nato code rank) Bywalec, chor.(OR-8 Nato code) Andrzej Osiecki, plut. rezerwy(OR-4 higher, but reserve status - "rezerwy") Tomasz Borysiewicz and Ligocki, were sent to be examined by the Supreme Court, because there were doubts about their "innocent" status.

</doc>
<doc id="18662909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662909" title="Grabarka, Gmina Milejczyce">
Grabarka, Gmina Milejczyce

Grabarka (, "Hrabarka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662910" title="Jałtuszczyki">
Jałtuszczyki

Jałtuszczyki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siemiatycze and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662916" title="Klimkowicze">
Klimkowicze

Klimkowicze (, "Klymkovychi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Milejczyce, north-east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662918" title="Lewosze">
Lewosze

Lewosze (, "Levoshi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Milejczyce, east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18662920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662920" title="Stepping level">
Stepping level

The term stepping level in the context of CPU architecture or integrated circuitry is a version number.
Stepping level refers to the introduction or revision of the lithographic mask or masks within the set of plates that generate the pattern that produces the CPU or integrated circuit. The term derives from the name of the equipment ("steppers") that exposes the photoresist to light.
Typically, when an integrated circuit manufacturer such as Intel or AMD invests money to do a stepping (i.e. a revision to the masks), they have found bugs in the logic, have made improvements to the design that allow for faster processing, or have found a way to increase yield or improve the "bin splits" (i.e. create faster transistors and hence faster CPUs). One result of some new steppings is that the CPU design is improved such that it overclocks better than others.
Many CPUs have a means of interrogating them in order to discover their stepping level. For example, on x86 CPUs executing the CPUID with the EAX register set to '1' will place values in other registers that show the CPU's stepping level.

</doc>
<doc id="18662922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662922" title="Roderic Coote">
Roderic Coote

The Right Reverend Roderic Norman Coote OBE (13 April 1915 – 6 July 2000) was a British Anglican Bishop who held three different posts in an ecclesiastical career spanning half a century. 
Coote was the son of Commander Bernard Trotter Coote and Grace Harriet Robinson, daughter of the Very Reverend John Joseph Robinson. He was the grandson of Sir Algernon Coote, 12th Baronet, Lord-Lieutenant of Queen's County (see Coote baronets). Educated at Trinity College, Dublin and ordained in 1939, he began his career with a Curacy at "St Bartholomew's, Dublin". After a decade as a missionary priest in The Gambia he became Bishop of the Diocese in 1951. Translated to Fulham in 1957, his final appointment was a sideways move to Bishop of Colchester nine years later. An accomplished musician, he died just six months short of his 50th Episcopal anniversary.
Coote married Erica Lynette Shrubbs, daughter of Reverend Eric Gordon Shrubbs, in 1964. They had one son and two daughters. He died in July 2000, aged 85.

</doc>
<doc id="18662924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662924" title="Lubiejki">
Lubiejki

Lubiejki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Milejczyce, north-east of Siemiatycze, and south of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
