<doc id="18734347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734347" title=".458 Lott">
.458 Lott

The .458 Lott is a .458 caliber belted hunting cartridge designed as a replacement for the less powerful .458 Winchester Magnum. It is based on the full length .375 H&H Magnum blown out and shortened to . The cartridge is designed for the purpose of hunting African dangerous game.
The .458 Lott was designed in response to perceived inadequacies and problems encountered with the .458 Winchester Magnum. While the cartridge was slow to gain popularity at first, it is now becoming the standard by which dangerous game cartridges are judged. The cartridge provides a distinct step up in performance over the .458 Winchester Magnum. A-Square, Česká Zbrojovka/Brno, Hornady and Ruger have been instrumental in the cartridge's rise in popularity.
Cartridge History.
The .458 Winchester Magnum was put into production in 1956 and was an immediate commercial success. It was a more economical alternative to the English double rifles that were considered the standard rifle type for dangerous game hunting in Africa. The .458 Winchester Magnum promised to emulate the performance of the .450 Nitro Express in a cartridge designed for a standard length bolt action rifle. However, it soon became apparent that the .458 Winchester Magnum was not performing as anticipated. Several factors contributing to its less than stellar performance in Africa: clumping of its compressed powder charge and use in barrel rifles.
Jacques P. "Jack" Lott, a big game hunter and writer, had an adverse encounter in Mozambique in 1959 with an African Cape buffalo in which he sustained injuries. He had been hunting with the then new .458 Winchester Magnum. This experience convinced him that a more powerful cartridge than the .458 Winchester Magnum was required when hunting dangerous game. After the encounter he began a search for a big bore cartridge which would suit his needs perfectly.
Not finding a cartridge that would fit his needs, he designed a cartridge which he felt would meet his requirements in a dangerous game cartridge. Jack Lott's original drawings of the cartridge were done on a napkin at a diner. The first cases for the new rifle cartridge were fireformed from .375 H&H Magnum brass into a chamber by using .458 caliber (11.6 mm) bullets which had their bases re-sized so as to fit in the mouth of the .375 H&H Magnum. This method of fireforming left the newly formed cases slightly shorter than the parent cases. The resulting cartridge is named the .458 Lott in his honor. A similar method was used by David Miller and Curt Crum to create cases for their early custom .458 Lott rifles. The creation of the cases began with the casting of a bullet with a shank and which weighed around 260 gr. This bullet was seated on a .375 H&H Magnum case containing of Hercules 2400 powder with some polyester material used as a wadding to hold the powder charge against the primer. This set-up was then fire-formed in rifle with a .458 Lott chamber. The fire-formed cases were then run through a .458 Winchester Magnum full length re-sizing die with a set off of . Once this was accomplished cases were trimmed to tumbled clean. Unfortunately for Miller and Crum, this method of fire-forming of brass led to severe gas cutting into the neck area of the .458 Lott fire-forming rifle after only 200 rounds. 
In 1989 A-Square became the first company to offer the .458 Lott as a commercial cartridge. At present, the Triad (Monolithic Solid, Dead Tough and the Lion Load) for the .458 Lott cartridge is available from the company. A-Square also championed the successful SAAMI standardization of the .458 Lott cartridge which took place in 1995. They currently offer the A-Square Hannibal and Caesar rifles chambered for this cartridge.
Design & Specifications.
The objective behind the design of the .458 Lott was to provide a greater case capacity over the .458 Winchester Magnum so as to provide better performance and less compression of the powder charge. The .458 Lott achieved both these objectives by its lengthened cartridge. Furthermore, as the Lott cartridge is in essence a lengthened .458 Winchester Magnum, converting a .458 Winchester Magnum to .458 Lott involves in many cases a simple re-boring of the chamber and if required, a lengthening of the magazine.
The .458 Lott was standardized by SAAMI in 1995 based on specification provided by Arthur Alphin and A-Square LLC. According to Arthur Alphin, the cartridge length was standardized at and the chamber length at because there were many converted rifles in the field that were chambered for the original Jack Lott length. The specifications published by SAAMI reflect this fact.
The specifications for the .458 Lott call for a cartridge which gradually tapers. However, A-Square and few other ammunition manufacturers provide a ghost shoulder for the cartridge which was not included in the specification as standardized by SAAMI. Arthur Alphin chose not to include the ghost shoulder to remain true to Jack Lott's wishes and to honor his memory. The ghost shoulder serves to provide better retention of the bullet in the case under recoil. Like A-Square .458 Lott cartridges, Barnes .458 Lott brass bears a ghost shoulder for this very same reason. 
SAAMI recommends a 6 groove rifling contour with each grove being wide. Distance between lands is and between grooves is . Recommended rifling twist is between 1:10 to 1:20. Most rifle manufacturers use 1:14 or 1:16 twist rates.
Since Lott was an influential big-game hunter and writer the cartridge gained some attention with professional hunters in Africa. The .458 Lott was soon commercialized by A-Square as a proprietary cartridge. CZ chambered the cartridge in their BRNO ZKK 602 rifles based on the Magnum Mauser action. However, the Lott remained fairly obscure at least in the United States until Ruger offered the cartridge in their Ruger M77RSM Mk II rifles to the American public in 2002. Since then there has been a slow but steady movement away from the .458 Winchester Magnum towards the .458 Lott among professional hunters heading to Africa.
The .458 Winchester Magnum is ubiquitous in Africa. While one might not be able to easily find ammunition for the big Weatherby or the Nitro Express cartridges, due to its popularity one would be able to find .458 Winchester Magnum cartridges. In an emergency, the .458 Winchester Magnum can be fired in the chamber of a .458 Lott.
Performance.
By 1970 Winchester was forced to deal with the clumping of the compressed powder charge which had been resulting in improper ignition and poor performance. Winchester's remedy was to lessen the compression of the powder column. The result was a .458 Winchester Magnum that was now attaining only about . This was below what Winchester's original design specifications intended. The .458 Winchester Magnum was originally supposed to duplicate the performance of the .450 Nitro Express which could fire a bullet at .
On the other hand, the .458 Lott is designed to provide about more velocity than the .458 Winchester Magnum. The performance goal does not just match but exceeds the original performance specifications of the .458 Winchester Magnum. The cartridge is capable of firing a bullet at from a barrel such as the Ruger M77. This capability easily exceeded the performance that was expected of the .450 Nitro Express and the .458 Winchester Magnum. The Lott cartridge was a distinct step up from the .458 Winchester Magnum and the .450 Nitro Express cartridges. The .458 Lott is also considered a better cartridge for dangerous game hunting that the .470 Nitro Express when judged by its effects on big game.
Due to its development and purpose, the performance of the .458 Lott is often compared with that of the .458 Winchester Magnum. This is inevitable as the latter was the cartridge which the .458 Lott was designed to replace.
The .458 Lott is able to attain over with a jacketed bullet at safe pressure levels from a barrel. In comparison, many ammunition manufacturers load the .458 Winchester Magnum to velocities between . Hornady's Superformance ammunition being an exception which uses powder blends which at present remain proprietary. The .458 Lott is capable of reaching a velocity of with the bullet which is greater than the velocity reached by Hornady's Superformance .458 Winchester Magnum ammunition. With lighter bullets of it is able to achieve a velocity of about . These energy and velocity values provide the .458 Lott cartridge a gain of between over the .458 Winchester Magnum in distance. This performance increase provides better penetration and stopping power than the .458 Winchester Magnum against dangerous game.
However, the mono-metal bullets fall short of this velocity threshold due to the need to seat the bullets deeper owing to the length of the bullets and the need to stay within the maximum overall length specification of the cartridge. This is because the lower mono-metal bullets have a higher length to weight ratio than conventional bullets. Manufacturers such as A-Square have chosen to load slightly lighter bullets instead of the bullets.
The straight tapered case of the .458 Lott provides greater flexibility in reloading to lower velocities than bottlenecked cartridges. The ability to reload ammunition to lower velocities with lighter bullets can provide shooters with ammunition with less recoil than the full power .458 Lott ammunition. Nyati Inc., a big bore ammunition manufacturer, has taken advantage of this flexibility and offers ammunition featuring a copper jacket bullet at . They also offer intermediate power ammunition for the .458 Lott as well.
Handloaders can take advantage of the wide range of bullet of useful weights are available in .45 caliber for the .458 Lott cartridge. Bullets ranging from can be loaded for the Lott cartridge. This, together with the ability to load the cartridge to lower power levels, easily adds to the versatility of the .458 Lott. .458 Lott velocities range from with the bullet and with the bullet. Spitzer bullets with better ballistics such as the Barnes X or TSX bullet provides better down range performance over the more conventional .45 caliber (11.6 mm) bullets. The .458 Lott does well with hardcast lead bullets. With these bullets the Lott can be loaded to the power level of the original .45-70 Government cartridge. which was a bullet at .
What the .458 Lott lacks in velocity and energy compared to the .450 Rigby or the .460 Weatherby Magnum, it more than makes up for by virtue of its versatility. Larger volume cases such as the .460 Weatherby Magnum do not do well with powder charges below the recommended minimums. This is due to the erratic ignition and hangfire issues experienced when large capacity cartridges are loaded with small powder charges. The Lott has no such issues and takes well to lower powder charges.
Sporting Usage.
The .458 Lott was designed to be an African dangerous game rifle cartridge particularly for use against heavy, thick skinned dangerous game such as elephant, Cape buffalo and rhinoceros. It is considered an ideal cartridge for hunting African dangerous game and is capable of taking game from elephant to the duiker. Acceptable bullet weights for the .458 Lott range from . The range of available bullets provides the flexibility to customize loads for specific game species.
Elephant require a bullet of a tough construction which will not deform easily. The bullet must be able to penetrate heavy bone and exit from all possible angles. These requirement reduce the useful choices to solid bullets. This is especially true if the classic brain shot is contemplated when hunting elephant where the bullet must penetrate through the honeycombed bone structure of the frontal area of the elephant's skull. Bullets which are chosen must have sectional densities of over .300 while a sectional densities of .330 are preferred so as to provide the necessary penetration on these, the largest of the terrestrial mammals. Premium solid bullets from A-square, Barnes, Hornady, North Fork or Woodleigh weighting in the range of are all capable of holding together without much deformation and penetrating to the brain. With lesser FMJ bullets only heart, lung or shoulder shots should be considered.
Cape buffalo and rhinoceros, though heavily boned and tough are mostly hunted with soft point bullets although FMJ and solid bullets are chosen by some hunters. Again as with elephants, premium bullets of a sturdy construction should be chosen. The bullet chosen must be able to break through bone and penetrate to the vitals. Soft points similar to the A-Square Dead Tough, Barnes TSX, Hornady DGX and the Woodleigh Weldcore Soft Nose are examples of these bullets. The .458 Lott has ample power to spare on these species. 
While the .458 Lott is capable of taking lion and leopard, it is considered overly powerful for the big cats. Lighter, soft point bullets which rapidly expand or fragment at higher velocities are usually recommended for the big cats. A-Square Lion Load bullet or soft points manufactured for the .45-70 Government fills this niche for the .458 Lott.
The manufacture of spitzer style bullets in the .45 caliber has generally been a recent trend. These bullets provide better ballistic coefficients than the more common round nose or flat nosed bullets available in this caliber. The better ballistic coefficients translate to better longer range performance. Loaded with lighter bullets with better ballistic coefficients at higher velocities the .458 Lott can be used as a medium range plains game rifle cartridge. 
In North America it would make a fine big bear and bison rifle. However apart from these species, North American big game does not require cartridges similar to the .458 Lott. Those who reload ammunition are able to take advantage of the .458 Lott's performance flexibility to tailor their ammunition to the species of game they wish to hunt.
Rifles and Ammunition.
Since there are several rifle actions manufactured that are capable of handling the full length magnum cartridges such as the .375 H&H Magnum, it is not surprising that the .458 Lott has been chambered in several rifles. The .458 Lott cartridge’s maximum overall length is only longer than the standard length magnum cartridge like the 7mm Remington Magnum and the .300 Winchester Magnum. For this reason several rifles which were formerly chambered for cartridge like the .375 H&H Magnum and the .458 Winchester Magnum were easily converted to the .458 Lott early on when .458 Lott rifles were only available as a custom offering. These conversions required no more than a re-boring or a re-barreling and perhaps a magazine extension if required.
The Mauser style action has long been favored by African hunters. It is considered a highly reliable action for its ability function dependently under adverse and stressful conditions. CZ, Kimber, Mauser, Rigby and Ruger, all turn out Mauser action type rifles in this cartridge. CZ’s Brno ZKK602 was one of the first rifles manufactured which was chambered for the .458 Lott. CZ currently produces the CZ 550 American Magnum rifle in that chambering. The Kimber Caprivi, Rigby African Express and the Ruger M77 MkII Magnum are also manufactured in the .458 Lott cartridge. Mauser makes .458 Lott rifles in several models in their M 98 and M 03 Rifle lines.
Non-Mauser action rifles for the .458 Lott are produced by A-Square, Blaser and Weatherby. A-Squares Hannibal and Caesar rifles built on Enfield P14 actions. Blaser manufactures the Blaser R8 Safari PH and Safari Luxus rifle models in the .458 Lott. Weatherby offers the .458 Lott cartridge in Mark V Deluxe and also through their custom shop. Ruger chambers the .458 Lott in the Ruger No. 1 Tropical Rifle. Several other manufacturers also offer rifles chambered in the cartridge as a regular or custom offering.
An advantage that the .458 Lott offers over voluminous cartridge such as the .450 Rigby, .460 Weatherby or the .505 Gibbs is that it can be easily adopted in rifles actions which are regularly manufactured with little or no modification of the bolt face. For this reason, it is a much more economical alternative to cartridges which need larger actions types and larger bolt faces. The cartridge’s popularity is due in large part to the affordable rifles and the number of readily available rifles which are chamber for the cartridge.
Due to the popularity of the .458 Lott cartridge as a hunting cartridge there are several sources of ammunition. A-Square, Double Tap, Federal, Hornady, Norma are among several manufacturers of .458 Lott ammunition. Most ammunition manufactured for the cartridge is loaded with a bullet at which has become the industry standard for the cartridge.
Criticism.
There has been some criticism of the cartridge for its inability to reach the so-called magical velocity (with some powders) some hunters, especially those who hunt large animals, believe is required for maximum penetration on dangerous game, the end result is that no scientific proof has been made on this subject, and it is likely accepted because of the older bullets that will not retain their weight at high velocity. This is a particular concern outside North America where only particular lines of cartridge powders are available, sometimes of local manufacture. While the Lott achieves this velocity, the powders used may not be available in most locales.
This is particularly true in many African nations. In South Africa, where the local Denel Somchem powders are readily available, none of the powders have the capability of launching a bullet at . This led to the creation of a new cartridge named the .458 Express by its designer Dr. Koos Badenhorst. The new design uses a cartridge made from basic .458 brass based on the .375 H&H Magnum casehead. This case provided the capacity necessary using Somchem powders such as S321 and S335 to drive the to .
Variants.
Prior to the arrival of the .458 Lott there were a few other .45 caliber (11.6 mm) cartridges with similar performance levels based on the full length .375 H&H Magnum case such as the .450 Ackley Magnum, .450 Barnes Supreme, .450 Mashburn Magnum and the .450 Watts Magnum. There are only minute variations between these cartridges. Most .458 Lott chambers will accept the .450 Watts cartridge as the chambers are reamed to accept a cartridge. The .458 Lott chamber will not accept an improved cartridges like the .450 Ackley Magnum and the .450 Barnes Supreme. Depending on chamber dimensions it may accept the Watts version of the cartridge. However strict SAAMI compliant chambers will not accept the .450 Watts Magnum and any attempt to discharge it in such a chamber will invariably result in higher pressures and catastrophic failures may result.
.450 Ackley Magnum.
The .450 Ackley Magnum was designed in 1960 by Parker Otto Ackley. The .450 Ackley Magnum can be considered an improved cartridge in comparison with the .458 Lott. The cartridge has minimum body taper ending with a small shoulder. Case capacity and performance is slightly greater than that of the .458 Lott resulting in less in velocity at equal pressures. Chamber will accept the Lott and Watts cartridges. The .458 Winchester Magnum can be fired in the chamber in an emergency. The .450 Barnes supreme cannot be fired in the chamber of the .450 Ackley as there are minute dimensional differences which may prevent the cartridge from chambering. A-Square currently loads this cartridge with a bullet at .
.450 Watts Magnum.
The .450 Watts Magnum was designed by Watts and Anderson of Washington State. The .450 Watts Magnum is similar to the .458 Lott with the exception of case length which is . While the case capacity is slightly more than that of the Lott cartridge, the maximum overall cartridge length is the same. As this is the case, once the bullet is seated case powder capacity is almost identical. A .450 Watts Magnum chamber will accept the .458 Lott cartridge without issue. The .458 Winchester Magnum can be fired in the chamber if required. The .450 Watts can be fired in the chambers of the .450 Ackley Magnum, .450 Barnes Supreme and the .450 Mashburn Magnum chambers. Firing the case in an improved chambers similar to that of the Ackley or the Barnes cartridges will result in a slight reduction in performance.

</doc>
<doc id="18734360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734360" title="American Association of School Librarians">
American Association of School Librarians

The American Association of School Librarians (AASL), established in 1951, is a division of the American Library Association (ALA). Prior to 1951, school librarians were served by the School Library Section of ALA founded in 1914 which itself emerged from the Roundtable of Normal and High School Librarians which met first in 1913. The mission of the American Association of School Librarians is to advocate excellence, facilitate change, and develop leaders in the school library field.
Important Publications.
AASL released the "Standards for the 21st-Century Learner" in 2007 to guide instructional programs in school libraries. 
In 2009, AASL released the "Standards for the 21st Century Learner in Action", which provides benchmarks and an in-depth look at the indicators for each standard. 
"Empowering Learners: Guidelines for School Library Programs", published in 2009, helps school librarians establish effective library programs that meet the needs of the changing school library environment.

</doc>
<doc id="18734371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734371" title="Donnerbüchse">
Donnerbüchse

The German term Donnerbüchse (plural: "Donnerbüchsen", formerly Donnerwagen) means "thunderbox" and is the nickname for the four-wheeled, open, passenger coaches, built from 1921 onwards, that served with the Deutsche Reichsbahn. In contrast to their predecessors, they were made entirely of iron or steel. The name comes from the loud rumbling of these coaches as a result of their lack of damping. Even the immediate forerunners of these wagons were given the name despite their wooden construction. In the early days, they were also called "Ackermann'sche Donnerbüchse" ("Ackermann's thunderboxes") after the departmental head responsible for them in the Ministry of Transport.
History.
Because the Deutsche Reichsbahn suffered from a great shortage of coaches following the ceasefire reparations at the beginning of the 1920s, in 1921 new passenger coaches were built based on standard designs, the so-called "Einheitsbauart". Although a steel design was called for from the outset, most of the coach factories could not immediately change their production lines, so that the vast majority of the coaches in the first delivery batches were still built with wooden coach bodies. Between 1921 and 1923, 90 iron and 2,639 wooden coaches entered service. Whilst the wooden variants were exclusively built as 4th class coaches, the iron ones were delivered as 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 2nd/3rd and even 2nd/4th class coaches.
In a succession of procurement programmes, a further 517 4th class, all-steel coaches (440 in "Austauschbauart" form) were acquired in 1927/28, followed by a total of 5,009 coaches of 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 2nd/3rd and 3rd/4th classes (of which 3,377 were "Austauschbauart" versions) from 1928 to 1930, so that by 1930 more than 8,250 coaches had entered service. In 1928, when the Reichsbahn dropped the 4th class grade of accommodation, the 4th class coaches, which had initially been the largest group, were redesignated as 3rd class coaches at first and then, later, converted.
In addition to the passenger coaches, 917 Pwi luggage vans also appeared between 1923 and 1931 to a similar design.
Conversions and operation.
From 1930 several Di-21 coaches were converted to heavy hand luggage vans ("Traglastenwagen").
In 1930 and 1934, 28 Cid-21/21a coaches had simple post compartments fitted, they were designated as class C Postid-21/34 and, later, as B Postid-21/34.
The DB replaced the original wooden benches, in many cases, by upholstered seating. When 3rd class travel services were discontinued in 1956 the coaches were reclassified accordingly.
In 1951 several Ci coaches were converted into driving trailers (CPwif) for shuttle services headed by steam locomotives. They had a driver's cab fitted at one end, were given red livery and a luggage compartment.
At the beginning of the 1960s the retirement of the "Donnerbüchsen" began; however many were converted to works coaches ("Bauzugwagen") and used as such. The Bundesbahn used the last coaches in passenger services at the end of the 1970s. These coaches are still working today on many museum railways.
In Poland "Donnerbüchsen" were used in passenger train services until 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18734386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734386" title="Craigballyharky">
Craigballyharky

Craigballyharky (Irish: Rocky Craggy Townland) is a large hill in the south-west of the townland of Cookstown, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.
Geology.
The rock is a tonalite, which shares its name with the landform has yielded a 471 +2/-4 Ma U-Pb zircon age (Hutton et al. 1985).

</doc>
<doc id="18734398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734398" title="Tabil">
Tabil

Tabil () is an Algerian and Tunisian spice mixture consisting of ground coriander seed, caraway seed, garlic powder, and chili powder. The term can also refer to coriander by itself. 

</doc>
<doc id="18734421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734421" title="2008 Chicago Fire season">
2008 Chicago Fire season

The 2008 Chicago Fire season was the club's 13th year of existence, as well as their 11th season in Major League Soccer and 11th consecutive year in the top-flight of American soccer. It began with a 3-1 away win over Real Salt Lake on March 29, 2008 and ended with a 2-1 loss to Columbus Crew in the Eastern Conference Final on November 13, 2008. Denis Hamlett made his debut as the Chicago Fire coach after being promoted.

</doc>
<doc id="18734433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734433" title=".35 Winchester">
.35 Winchester

The .35 Winchester (colloquially .35 Win) cartridge was created in 1903 by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company for use in the Winchester Model 1895 lever action rifle, and was also available in the bolt action Remington-Lee, or the Model E-10 Factory Sporter Ross Rifle in Canada. Because of the 1895 rifle's box magazine pointed bullets may be used which enhance the long range effectiveness of the cartridge. While obsolete, it is generally considered sufficient for all large game animals in North America. .30-40 Krag brass can be used to form .35 Winchester casings, and the Bertram Bullet Company of Australia manufactures and sells .35 Winchester brass.
It was intended to be a medium sized caliber falling between the .30-40 Krag and the .405 Winchester, and so it outperformed the .33 Winchester but was less potent than the .348 or .358. Enough at short or medium ranges against moose, elk, or even brown bear, it is suitable for any big game in North America, though it lacks the versatility of more modern rounds.
It was dropped in 1936, along with the M95. Loadings developing 45,000 CUP or over should be avoided in the old M95 lever guns.

</doc>
<doc id="18734434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734434" title="Sittin' Here Pickin' the Blues">
Sittin' Here Pickin' the Blues

"Sittin' Here Pickin' the Blues" is the title of a recording by American folk music and country blues artists Doc Watson and Merle Watson, released in 2004. It contains songs taken from albums that Doc and Merle recorded on the Flying Fish label in the 1980s. It contains all the songs from "Pickin' the Blues", three from "Doc and Merle Watson's Guitar Album", three from "Red Rocking Chair" and a live version of "Deep River Blues".
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Ronnie D. Lankford, Jr. wrote of the album "Perhaps the greatest treat, though, is the guitar playing. On a number of cuts—including "Freight Train Blues," "Hobo Bill's Last Ride," and "Mississippi Heavy Water Blues"—Merle Watson plays slide, while Doc Watson brings his distinct fingerpicking style to each cut. Sittin' Here Pickin' the Blues also offers a few nice surprises, like versions of "Stormy Weather" and "St. Louis Blues." This is a superb collection, sure to please Watson fans, guitar players, and anyone who enjoys honest acoustic music."
Track listing.
All songs traditional unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18734474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734474" title="St. Jean Baptiste Catholic Church">
St. Jean Baptiste Catholic Church

St. Jean Baptiste Catholic Church, also known as the Église St-Jean-Baptiste, is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at 76th Street at Lexington Avenue, Upper East Side, Manhattan, New York City. It was established in 1882 to serve the area's French Canadian immigrant population and remained the French-Canadian National Parish until 1957. It has been staffed by the Fathers of the Blessed Sacrament since 1900.
Financier Thomas Fortune Ryan, a Catholic convert in his teens, bankrolled its construction. The Italian architect practicing in New York Nicholas Serracino, who combined elements of the Italian Renaissance Revival and Classical Revival architectural styles, won first prize for the design at the Esposizione Internazionale delle Industrie e del Lavore in Turin, in 1911. It is his only surviving church in the city.
It is one of the few Catholic churches in New York City with a dome, and only one of two — the other being St. Patrick's Cathedral — with stained glass windows from the glass studios of Chartres. The building was designated a city landmark in 1969. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 along with its rectory. In the late 20th century the interior and exterior were both restored.
Started in 1882 in a rented hall above a stable, the congregation has been through three buildings at two locations. St. Jean Baptiste High School was started on the grounds as an elementary school by nuns of the Congregation of Notre Dame in 1886. In the late 19th century an exposure by a visiting priest of a relic of St. Anne intended for one night, grew into a three-week event during which many miracle cures were alleged by thousands of pilgrims who crowded the church; as a result the church now has its own shrine to the saint, which led to a failed effort to get it designated a basilica. In 1900 it passed from the control of the founding Fathers of Mercy to the Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament, who introduced Eucharistic adoration as a worship style.
Property.
The church is located on the east side of Lexington at 76th Street. The building takes up most of the lot, with the rectory on the south side, facing East 75th Street. The area is densely developed. St. Jean Baptiste High School, run by the church, is on the other side of 75th Street. Lenox Hill Hospital is nearby.
Exterior.
The building, which opened in the spring of 1913, is faced in limestone. Its west (front) facade is rich in ornament. The main entrance is located in a pedimented portico with full entablature on a high plinth supported by four Corinthian columns. This design is echoed with smaller pediments on each of the side entrances above carved festoon and scroll motifs.
Above a broad cornice, twin bell towers rise to a total height of at the corners. Their lower stages with canted corners have round-arched openings framed by pilasters. Above them an open circle of Corinthian columns supports a ribbed dome, topped by a smaller version of the top with a cross. These are echoes of the larger dome in the middle of the church that rises to . Between the two towers, on the parapet, a statue of angels supporting a globe echoes the pediment below. The gabled, gently pitched roofs are sheathed in copper.
On either side of the front facade, projecting entrance bays with windows are topped with a statue of an angel blowing a trumpet. The side elevations, of which only the north is visible from the street, have high round-arched windows and continue the cornice at the roofline. Pediments similar to those on the front grace the second story above the windows on either end of the transept.
Interior.
Inside, the barrel-vaulted nave is separated from the vaulted aisles by an arcade of tall Corinthian columns; the vault springs from the entablature. All the vaults, ribs and arches are richly decorated with Florentine-style reliefs. The column capitals and fluting are also gilded. The center of the nave vault has "trompe-l'œil" paintings of the heavens; an elaborate Florentine-style floral pattern decorates the interior of the dome.
Against the apse triforium on the east wall of the church stands the high altar with a mosaic half-dome, statues, and smaller bas-relief sculptures. The shrine of St. Anne is located here. A six-foot-tall (2 m) monstrance, for showing the Eucharistic bread to believers for prayer and contemplation, crowns the altar. Smaller baldachins shelter the smaller altars on the sides. To the left is an altar to Mary of Carrara marble; to the right is a similar one honoring St. Joseph. At the transept corners are smaller altars to Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament founder St. Peter Julian Eymard, with a relic in a case below; the other corner's altar is to St. Anthony of Padua. The walls and ceilings are otherwise decorated with paintings in the Baroque style.
The stained glass windows and high altar were brought to New York from Chartres, France and Italy, respectively, following World War I. On three levels, from the dome to the nave, the windows portray the Twelve Apostles, scenes from the Old Testament which prefigure the Christian sacrament of the Eucharist, and events in the life and ministry of Jesus, including the Last Supper and the institution of the Eucharist and the Easter appearance of Christ to the disciples at Emmaus. The high altar is tall. A team of artisans accompanied the various pieces of the altar from Italy and reassembled it in the sanctuary.
Under the dome is the altar table, made of white marble. At the center of the frontal is a Christogram, IHS, from the first three letters of Jesus (IHΣOYΣ) in Greek. The pews, choir stalls, and confessionals are of oak and are elaborately carved. Eucharistic images, especially wheat shocks and clusters of grapes, are prominent throughout the building.
A restoration of the interior was completed in November 1998.
Associated structures.
The Rev. A. Letellier, rector, had a five-storey brick and stone rectory at 170–190 East 76th Street and 1067 Lexington Avenue built in 1911 to designs by Nicholas Serracino of 1170 Broadway for $80,000. The rectory is also an Italian Renaissance-style palazzo. Five stories high, it is faced in white brick with granite steps leading down to 76th Street. The seven-bay north (front) facade features limestone voussoirs crowning each window. The end bays project slightly and are set off with large pilasters. The ground floor is rusticated. Limestone string courses are above the second and fourth stories, with a plain entablature and overhanging cornice at the roofline. There have been few alterations to the exterior. The interior, by contrast, has been extensively remodeled over time. Only the oak woodwork remains from the original building.
The Most Rev. Pat. J. Hayes had a four-storey brick school with a tile roof at 163–173 East 75th built in 1925 to designs by Robert J. Reiley of 50 East 41st Street for $300,000. A five-storey brick brothers apartment building at 194 East 76th Street, was built in 1930 to designs by Robert J. Reiley of 50 East 41st Street for $70,000 to 90,000. A five-storey brick sisters apartment house at 163–175 East 75th Street and 170–198 East 76th Street and 1061–1071 Lexington Avenue was built in 1931 to designs by Robert J. Reiley of 50 East 41st Street for $125,000.
History.
From its origins in a rented hall above a stable with an almost exclusively French Canadian congregation, St. Jean Baptiste has grown to be one of New York's most distinctive Catholic churches. It has been through thre buildings in two locations and under the care of two different orders of priests.
1841–82: Establishment of parish.
In the early 19th century, one in every nine New Yorkers was of French descent. Most were Huguenots, Protestant refugees from the French Revolution, but there were some Catholics. In 1841, Bishop de Forbin-Janson, on a missionary tour to the United States for the Fathers of Mercy, lamented that French-American Catholics in New York City had not been as devoted to raising churches in their national customs as Irish and Italian immigrants had. The community responded to this challenge, and accordingly the first Church of St. Vincent de Paul was opened the next year on Canal Street.
That church grew, and moved north to 23rd Street in 1868. A French Canadian immigrant community had begun to flourish in Yorkville at that time, and found it trying to make the trip downtown for services. A missionary to this community found that services closer to home would be beneficial, similar to those the Jesuits at what is now St. Ignatius Loyola had organized for Yorkville's Germans. The order's provincial gave his support for the establishment of a national parish, and a meeting of the immigrants' St. Jean Societé in 1881 raised $12 ($ in contemporary dollars) to that end. This is considered the beginning of the church's history.
A chapel was established in a rented hall above a stable on East 77th Street. The constant noise from the horses downstairs earned the chapel the nickname "Crib of Bethlehem" from congregants. A few months later, Cardinal John McCloskey, Archbishop of the Diocese of New York and the first American cardinal, granted permission to build a church, formalizing the parish. The new parish was able to raise $14,000 ($ in contemporary dollars) to buy a property on the north side of East 76th Street in 1882. By the end of the year Coadjutor Archbishop (later full Archbishop) Michael Corrigan had blessed the new building's cornerstone.
Napoleon LeBrun's design called for a simple Gothic Revival church building, long by wide, with room for 600. Its projected cost was $20,000 ($ in contemporary dollars) but it soon ran into difficulties when problems with using the "crib of Bethlehem" forced the use of the unfinished church's basement during Lent in 1883. Archbishop Corrigan had to take title to the church to save it.
1882–1900: First church and St. Anne's shrine.
The new church was successful not only with its intended French Canadian community, but with all Catholics on the Upper East Side. Many were servants in the nearby houses of the city's wealthier residents and had to report for their jobs early, thus appreciating a nearby church where they could first attend Mass. In 1886, nuns from the Congregation of Notre Dame, founded in colonial Montreal in the mid-17th century, came to establish an elementary school.
In 1892, the church inadvertently became a shrine of St. Anne. A Canadian priest, Father J.C. Marquis, dropped in at the rectory unexpectedly on May 1, needing a place to stay while he carried a relic of the saint that Pope Leo XIII had given him back to Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré, Quebec. The pastor at the time asked him to expose it to the parishioners during vespers that evening. Marquis did so, as he would continue to Quebec the next day.
News that the relic would be exposed soon reached the community, and a large crowd showed up for evening services. When a young man having an epileptic fit was touched by it, his convulsions ceased. That apparent miracle was widely reported and even more crowds showed up, many expecting cures. The pastor asked Marquis to stay for a few more days with the relic to satisfy the many pilgrims.
His stay would be extended to three weeks as thousands of pilgrims came. As he finally left on May 20, crowds bade the relic farewell and asked that she return again for good next time. Father Marquis was so impressed that he promised to obtain a relic for St. Jean. With the permission of Cardinal Elzéar-Alexandre Taschereau, he divided the relic once he had reached Sainte-Anne and returned to New York with it in July. More crowds came, more miracles were reported, and Marquis reported favorably on this to the pope. As a result he was able to make a return trip to the shrine of St. Anne in Apt, France, and brought a relic back specifically for St. Jean Baptiste.
1900–18: Change in leadership and new church.
In 1900 the efforts of a wealthy local Catholic activist, Eliza Lummis, brought the Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament (SSS), an international religious order of priests, brothers, and deacons founded by St. Peter Julian Eymard in Paris in 1856, to New York. They were unable to find a center for their work, but often attended Mass and resided at the St. Jean Baptiste rectory. One day, the pastor joked to the Blessed Sacrament priests that if they could not find a church, he'd just have to give them his. That remark got back to Archbishop Corrigan, who informed St. Jean Baptiste's pastor the very next day that he was putting St. Jean Baptiste under the Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament's control. Throughout the rest of the year the interior of the LeBrun church was altered to be more in keeping with the Congregation's Eucharistic style of worship.
The continuous exposure of the Sacrament, and the availability of daily confessions and early Mass at what was known as "Old St. Jean's" led to another increase in the size of the congregation. Corrigan had said at the first Mass that he expected the church would soon be outgrown and a new one built more worthy of Christ. During one Mass, financier and philanthropist Thomas Fortune Ryan, a Virginian who converted to Catholicism as a young man and who, with his wife Ida Barry Ryan, supported the construction of churches, schools, and other charitable institutions along the Eastern Seaboard, arrived late and had to stand. He preferred St. Jean to the larger churches closer to his Fifth Avenue mansion, and often attended services there. He heard Father Arthur Letellier, the new pastor, ask the congregation's prayers for a new church, and afterwards asked how much one would cost. "About $300,000" ($ in contemporary dollars) he was told. "Very well", he replied. "Have your plans made and I will pay for the church".
At first Ryan had wanted a church similar in size to the existing one, but Letellier persuaded him it was time for a church with room for 1,200 people, twice the LeBrun church's capacity. Italian architect Nicholas Serracino, who had been living in New York for the decade, won the commission. He produced a model of a grand Renaissance Revival church with a dome and classically inspired front facade. His design reflected Catholics' search for a unique architectural style for their churches, since the Gothic Revival and neo-Gothic designs had become associated with Protestant churches. In 1911 Serracino's renderings of the unfinished church won first prize at the International Exhibition in Turin.
Ryan was initially skeptical of the dome, but when he saw how it won praise on a model of Serracino's design he authorized the additional $43,000 ($ in contemporary dollars) for it. This would not be the only cost overrun. Serracino underestimated the costs of local labor and materials. Bedrock was deeper than originally believed because of the marshes filled in when the area was originally developed in the mid-19th century. The cost of the foundation increased eightfold as a result, and plans to gild the dome and finish the interior with marble had to be canceled. The widening of Lexington Avenue also forced Serracino to scale back his original plans for a grand triumphal arch portico with full-width steps. Ryan continued to provide funds for a final total cost of $600,000 ($ in contemporary dollars).
The rectory, also designed by Serracino, was built and opened in 1911. The lower church in the basement was finished and consecrated in 1913 by Camillus Paul Maes, bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Covington, who had been the Congregation's strongest supporter in the U.S. Early in the following year, he attended the first Mass celebrated in the upper church, even before the walls and ceilings were finished, by Father Letellier. Cardinal John Murphy Farley, the archbishop, spoke at the end of the service and read a congratulatory telegram from Pope Pius X.
1918–87: The church in a changing city.
Within a few years of its construction, the new church twice became a crime scene. The first occasion was the night of November 30, 1918, when police pursued a man named Charles George into the church following a carjacking. The police and George had been exchanging gunfire, and it continued as he ran up the stairs into the choir. When he ran out of ammunition, he surrendered. Several women who had been praying in the church at the time had be treated for hysteria. Almost a year later, on November 29, 1919, Cecilia Simon, a maid at an East 56th Street home, was arrested in the church when she knocked statuary and a candelabra valued at $3,000 ($ in contemporary dollars) onto the floor and shattering them after a funeral service. She was taken to Bellevue Hospital for observation. While apparently a devout enough Catholic to be a daily communicant, she was not a member of the church. At services there the previous Sunday, investigators found that in a collection envelope she had placed a note registering her objection to the arrangement on the altar. A coworker said that she had been acting strangely all week and had said she was going to "do some good work" at church that day.
In 1920 Mayor John Francis Hylan and Governor Al Smith were among the 100,000 Catholics who signed a petition to the new pope, Benedict XV, to designate St. Jean Baptiste a basilica. It failed. Later in the decade the church's interior decoration was gradually installed and finished. Ryan's funeral was held in the church he had paid so much to build in 1928. In 1929 the sisters of Notre Dame opened a high school to go with the elementary school they had been running for almost 40 years.
The interior of the church was modified slightly in the 1950s during renovations. The Requiem Mass for Ryan's grandson Clendenin J. Ryan, publisher of "The American Mercury", was held there in 1957 after his suicide. In the 1960s, following Vatican II, the church began to change, as much due to the changing demographics of its parish as the council. It stopped celebrating Mass in French, and the elementary school was closed nearly ninety years after its founding. In 1969 the city made the church one of its first designated landmarks. The next year crime once again intruded into the church when an elderly woman was stabbed on a staircase within by three youths.
1987–present: Renovation.
In 1989 stones from the facade fell onto the Lexington Avenue sidewalk. No one was injured, but the church had to erect a wooden shelter to protect pedestrians from potential future incidents. That led to the restoration of the exterior over the next year, part of a $6 million campaign that began in 1987. Work on the stained glass windows proved particularly challenging because the original installers had forced them into spaces too small for them, making them hard to remove. It was necessary to hire more than the usual number of restorers, work overtime and locate the workshop in the dome rather than offsite in order to meet the church's fall 1997 deadlines. For several months during that time services were held in a nearby school auditorium.
It was financed by the sale of land and air rights over a building formerly used as a convent by the sisters of Notre Dame, who subsequently moved into the upper floors of the rectory. A developer built The Siena, a 73-unit, 31-story luxury condominium tower, on the site. It has been praised by a group of architects including Robert A.M. Stern for complementing the architecture of the adjacent rectory by echoing the church's bell towers and offering "rich sculptural form and lively surface patterning ... to a neighborhood burdened by so many uninspired blocklike apartment buildings"
In 2002, a longtime parishioner, Maryanne Macaluso, alleged that the new pastor, Father Mario Marzocchi, had groped and propositioned her after offering her a secretarial position. After she complained to another priest and took paid leave due to the stress of having to see Father Mazocchi every day, the order had him evaluated by a psychologist who found nothing wrong with him, and then transferred him to a parish in Florida. When she returned to work, she claims the church retaliated against her by cutting her work hours from full-time to part-time after several weeks and giving duties she normally performed to others. When she asked the replacement pastor, Father Anthony Schueller, for full-time work, he informed her that the church could not afford to do so and she requested a letter of termination, putting her in danger of being evicted from her apartment.
After the state denied her unemployment claim on the grounds that she had left work voluntarily, Macaluso filed suit against the church, the order, the Archdiocese of New York, Cardinal Edward Egan, and Father Marzocchi. She alleged negligent hiring and hostile environment sexual harassment. In 2007 Judge Louis York of the New York Supreme Court dismissed her claims, without ruling on the facts, against all but Father Marzocchi, who had not responded.
Programs and services.
The church celebrates Mass three times a day and five times on Sunday, with a Saturday night vigil. The Eucharist is exposed for prayer and contemplation at all other times. Confession is available for a half-hour daily and twice on Saturdays. The Liturgy of the Hours is observed twice daily and once on Sundays. Devotions to St. Anne are observed twice on Tuesday with an annual novena observed leading up to her July 26 feast day, to the Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament's founder St. Peter Julien Eymard after Thursday's Masses, and to the Sacred Heart of Jesus after Friday evening Mass. The Rosary is prayed at noon Monday through Saturday.
The church's musical ministry is led by its organist, who also directs two choirs, one of volunteers and the other professionals. A thrift shop is run in the basement, next to the community center. A toddler play group and senior group are held there at different times of the week. Also in the basement is the Kathryn Martin Theater, which has hosted a number of musical performances, both church- and non-church-related.
In the broader community, the church, in conjunction with the sisters of Notre Dame, continues to operate St. Jean Baptiste High School for girls. The congregation is a member of the Yorkville Common Pantry and the Neighborhood Coalition for Shelter. The community center is also available for rent to individuals and organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="18734487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734487" title="Tropical Storm Fay (2008)">
Tropical Storm Fay (2008)

Tropical Storm Fay was a tropical storm and the sixth named storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season. Fay formed from a vigorous tropical wave on August 15 over the Dominican Republic. It passed over the island of Hispaniola, into the Gulf of Gonâve, across the island of Cuba, and made landfall on the Florida Keys late in the afternoon of August 18 before veering into the Gulf of Mexico. It again made landfall near Naples, Florida, in the early hours of August 19 and progressed northeast through the Florida peninsula, emerging into the Atlantic Ocean near Melbourne on August 20. Extensive flooding took place in parts of Florida as a result of its slow movement. On August 21, it made landfall again near New Smyrna Beach, Florida, moving due west across the Panhandle, crossing Gainesville and Panama City, Florida. As it zigzagged from water to land, it became the first storm in recorded history to make landfall in Florida four times. Thirty-six deaths were blamed on Fay. The storm also resulted in one of the most prolific tropical cyclone related tornado outbreaks on record. A total of 81 tornadoes touched down across five states, three of which were rated as EF2. Damage from Fay was heavy, estimated at $560 million.
Meteorological history.
A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on August 7 without any significant convection, with an associated low pressure area moving southwestward away from the coast. It passed just south of the Cape Verde Islands, and tracked generally westward with a subtropical ridge centered to its north over the Azores. Late on August 9, an area of convection developed in association with the wave. With generally favorable conditions for development, the system began slowly organizing, to the extent that on August 10, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) remarked for its potential to become a tropical depression in a few days. By August 11, however, the thunderstorm activity became disorganized and limited, though the next day convection reformed by the time it was located about 650 mi (1050 km) east of the Lesser Antilles. The hurricane hunters first flew into the system on August 12, though the flight only reported a broad area of low pressure.
After the hurricane hunters' flight, the system became disorganized as environmental conditions became less favorable, and by late on August 13 the convection was limited and well-removed from the low center. The next day, thunderstorm activity increased and organized, though another hurricane hunters flight confirmed the system did not develop into a tropical cyclone. After passing over the northern Lesser Antilles, the system moved over the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, maintaining an area of deep convection. It became better defined as it moved through the Mona Passage, and a hurricane hunters flight confirmed the presence of a closed circulation. A reconnaissance flight measured wind gusts of and was designated as Tropical Storm Fay late on August 15 as the cyclone moved ashore along eastern Dominican Republic. Initially, it was forecast to steadily intensify before and after crossing Cuba, later reaching minimal hurricane status in the eastern Gulf of Mexico; the HWRF hurricane model predicted for Fay to become a strong hurricane off the coast of western Florida.
Upon first becoming a tropical cyclone, Tropical Storm Fay was moving steadily westward over Hispaniola, influenced by a ridge to its north. At around 1200 UTC on August 16, the storm emerged into the Gulf of Gonâve, with little organized convection near the center. Environmental conditions favored strengthening, and convection quickly developed over the center. By early on August 17, a hurricane hunters flight reported a better organized circulation center, and satellite images displayed well-established outflow within a large convection envelope. After passing near or over southwestern Granma Province in Cuba, upper-level wind shear increased slightly, and the convection diminished near the center. The storm turned more to the northwest, due to a trough weakening the ridge to its north. However, at this time, the ECMWF forecast had Fay making landfall in Southwest Florida, crossing into the Atlantic, then tracking westward across the Florida Panhandle – which is exactly what she would end up doing.
Fay made four Florida landfalls, first at Key West in the late afternoon of August 18, then early the following morning at Cape Romano south of Naples as a 65 mph (100 km/h) tropical storm. Later that day, while crossing central Florida, Fay unexpectedly strengthened over land to just under hurricane intensity with 70 mph (110 km/h) winds and a pressure of 986 mbar, which is a stronger intensity than Fay had ever obtained over open ocean. According to some local meteorologists, Fay actually gained strength over Florida's inland waters, including the vast expanses of the Florida Everglades and Lake Okeechobee The storm developed an eye feature, and continued to hold its strength for the rest of the day. After many hours of land interaction, Fay began to weaken. Fay regained some strength, however, after leaving land at Melbourne and heading northward over the warm Atlantic Ocean waters, only to be deflected westward as it encountered a high pressure ridge. This resulted in another landfall at Flagler Beach in the afternoon of August 21. Fay then emerged into the northeastern Gulf of Mexico and made its fourth landfall on the morning of August 23 near Carrabelle in the Florida Panhandle. Fay narrowly missed making yet another landfall, the center staying barely onshore while passing Panama City and St. Andrews Bay. Fay then weakened to a depression later that day. For the next several days, Fay was a slow moving tropical depression. Fay started moving to the northeast over southern Mississippi, where it moved over Alabama and finally dissipated on August 27 over Georgia.
Impact.
Caribbean.
On August 15, the weather disturbance that would become Fay made landfall on Hispaniola. The system developed into a tropical storm while producing heavy rains on the island, prompting a major flash flood threat. The storm caused minor damage in Dominican Republic including falling trees and flooding, this caused most of the flights into and out of the country to be canceled. At least four people were killed after being swept away by flood waters in the Dominican Republic.
In Haiti, Fay's winds and rainfall damaged the agricultural sector, including rice fields and banana crops. One person died after being swept away by flood-waters while trying to cross a swollen river. Two infants were killed when a bus flipped in Haiti. In total, ten deaths were blamed on Fay in Haiti.
In Jamaica, one person was killed as a result of a vehicle being swept away in flood waters. In total, 15 people died in the Caribbean.
Florida.
During seven days in Florida, August 18–24, 2008, eleven people died and thousands of homes plus roads were damaged, from 60 mph (97 km/h) winds and rain waters up to 5 feet (1.5 m) deep, with flooded rivers or tornadoes, as Fay traveled through the entire state. Making initial landfall in the Florida Keys and coming ashore again in the Naples area, Fay then crossed the state and exited near New Smyrna Beach, coming onshore again near St. Augustine and Jacksonville, crossing the Panhandle and finally leaving the Pensacola area into Alabama, early on August 24. Returning from Mississippi towards Tennessee, Fay continued to dump heavy rains around Pensacola, Tallahassee, and Panama City, Florida even during August 25.
While Fay was moving across South-Central Florida, a tornado, rated EF2 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale, took place after landfall in Wellington, Florida, where significant damage was reported including doors and windows blown off houses, many trees knocked down and reports of a weak building destroyed. Another tornado damaged 51 homes with nine of them rendered uninhabitable in Barefoot Bay. According to the St. Lucie County Public Safety Department, about 8,000 homes were damaged from flooding. The city of Melbourne shattered a 50-year-old rainfall record after receiving of rain in a 24 hour period. About 80 neighborhoods in Melbourne were flooded, and a "couple hundred" homes in southeast Melbourne were filled with three to four feet of water, according to a press statement. One neighborhood was particularly hard hit: Lamplighter Village along John Rodes Boulevard in Melbourne, FL. The flooding was so extensive that Governor Charlie Crist personally visited the neighborhood to assess the damage. A tornado touched down in Stuart on U.S. 1 at Monroe Street, flipping a truck and damaging a gas station. A 28-year-old kite surfer was critically injured in Fort Lauderdale when winds associated with a Tropical Storm Fay feeder band slammed him face-first into the ground and then dragged him through streets until he hit a building, which was filmed by a WFOR camera crew.
Areas of the state received up to of rain, causing serious flooding. Native wildlife, including alligators, were seen in flooded neighborhoods after high water forced them from their habitat. Hundreds of homes were flooded in Brevard and St. Lucie counties; some locations were inundated with up to of standing water. Early estimates from Brevard county show $10 to $12 million in damages to homes and infrastructure. Tropical Storm Fay resulted in the drowning of one person swimming off Neptune Beach and another swimmer in Duval County. Meanwhile, another 3 were killed in traffic accidents. On August 21, President George W. Bush declared the entire state of Florida a Federal Disaster Area.
Seminole County also got hard hit by floods. Seminole County Public Schools were closed due to many roads being impassable. Many rivers in the county such as the St. Johns River, the Econlockhatchee River, and the Little Econlockhatchee River jumped their banks. Riverside Park in Oviedo was under four feet of flood water due to the Little Econlockhatchee River. On the evening of August 22, a tornado damaged four homes and a bridge in Lake Wales.
After moving into the Florida Panhandle, five more people were killed as a result of Fay in Florida (all indirect), including an electrocution which happened to an electrical worker doing repairs in Gadsden County.
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi.
Heavy rain was also reported in parts of Alabama, Georgia and Mississippi. A young boy was killed in Grady County, Georgia when he was swept away in a drainage ditch by floodwaters. Another drowning death took place in Elmore County, Alabama as a result of the weakening Fay. On August 22, 2008, radio station WNUZ, located in Alabama, "suffered direct lightning strikes" during Fay which resulted in "the complete destruction of the station's transmitter" and caused unspecified damage to other electrical broadcast equipment at the station. The station applied to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for authority to stay silent while their engineers repaired or replaced the damaged gear and evaluated the station's other equipment. On December 24, 2008, WNUZ was granted permission to remain off the air until no later than June 22, 2009.
Fay persisted as a tropical storm from its first landfall until weakening to a tropical depression on August 23. It eventually weakened to a remnant low over Alabama on August 26, from which 8 tornadoes were spawned in Alabama and 6 in Georgia, injuring two in Commerce, Georgia.
High winds damaged the water tower in Midway, Alabama, compounding problems the town was experiencing with its water wells. A loan from the National Rural Water Association and assistance from Alabama Rural Water Association allowed Midway to make repairs and maintain the water supply. The heavy and persistent rains associated with Fay, however, helped to temporarily alleviate extreme drought conditions over northern Georgia, northern Alabama, and eastern Tennessee.
Elsewhere.
Heavy rains in Tennessee triggered flash flooding throughout eastern portions of the state. In Shelby County, flooding covered several cars, trapping several people. In all, Fay caused $20,000 in damages in Tennessee. Rains in South Carolina caused a bridge in York County to collapse, leaving $100,000 in damages. Severe flooding in North Carolina, particularly in Mecklenburg County damaged numerous homes. Near Charlotte, 148 buildings sustained major damage from floodwaters and numerous roads were shut down due to high waters. Damage in Mecklenburg alone amounted to $8.5 million. In Cabarrus County, 14 swift water rescues were undertaken due to cars being stranded in flooded roads. About 70 homes were damaged in the county, leaving $1 million in damages. Damages to roads in the county were estimated at $5.5 million. In all, Fay caused roughly $15 million in damage in North Carolina.
Records.
Fay was the first storm on record to hit the same U.S. state on four separate occasions, beating a record set by Hurricane Gordon of 1994, and was just the third storm on record to hit the U.S. at least 3 times, the third was Hurricane Juan in 1985, although Juan did not hit the same state three times; one of its landfalls was in Alabama, and the other 2 were in Louisiana. Fay was the first storm to prompt storm warnings for the entire coast of Florida; the four separate landfalls were responsible for every stretch of the Florida coast to receive a Tropical Storm Watch or Warning, or a Hurricane Watch or Warning.
The two highest rainfall amounts recorded were at Windover Farms, northwest of Melbourne, Florida, and at Thomasville, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18734497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734497" title="Royal Jam">
Royal Jam

Royal Jam is a live recording by the jazz-funk band The Crusaders with B.B. King and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. It was recorded at London's Royal Festival Hall in September 1981.
Track listing.
All songs written by Joe Sample/Will Jennings except as noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18734518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734518" title="Na'omi">
Na'omi

Na'omi () is a moshav shitufi and Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located in the Jordan Valley three kilometres north of Hisham's Palace, it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 129.
The village was established in 1982, and was initially named Na'ama due to its proximity to the Arab village of an-Nuway'imah, before being renamed after the biblical figure of Naomi.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18734538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734538" title="Stara Peščenica">
Stara Peščenica

Stara Peščenica () is a neighborhood located in the northwestern corner of the Peščenica – Žitnjak administrative city district of Zagreb, Croatia. It is bordered by Zvonimirova Street and the J. F. Kennedy Square on the north, Budakova Street on the east, railway (later Branimirova Avenue) on the south and Vjekoslav Heinzel Avenue on the west.
It has a population of 6,432.
The neighborhood's name (translated to English as "Old Peščenica") correctly displays it both as the oldest part of what is today Peščenica - Žitnjak district, and having a rich history.
History.
Stara Peščenica began as a village in the vicinity of Zagreb in the 19th century. After the Mošinsky's 1902 annexation of Lašćina and Žitnjak municipalities into the City of Zagreb, and urban sprawl encompassing areas east of Heinzel Avenue, poor settlements sprang up north of the railway exiting the city. One of these settlements was Stara Peščenica, growing along the namesake street. The other one was Naselak, a street, which over time became engulfed by Stara Peščenica. Though, most of the houses are still standing to date, to which the neighborhood owes an anachronous appearance.
After the World War I, the Austro-Hungarian empire dissolved and Zagreb was incorporated in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. While being a capital of a province of sorts, Zagreb stopped being in a shadow cast by an economically and culturally more important city. It became the center of the Yugoslav economy and started to attract workers and people from rural areas. The population more than doubled in the next twenty years. While the city area (today Donji Grad) remained on the same area, the suburbs vastly spread out. The poor neighborhoods moved further east and the northern part of Stara Peščenica became a part of the well-designed wealthy "officer apartment city district". On the other hand, the rest of Peščenica (including southern part of Stara Peščenica) remained cheap and randomly parcelized land, having estate prices up to 8 times lower than Donji Grad. The Zvonimirova Street served as a boundary between the rich and the poor. Although the real estate prices have risen, Stara Peščenica today remains a randomly built neighborhood with lots of different sizes and a structure not resembling the grid of nearby Donji Grad and southern Maksimir.

</doc>
<doc id="18734552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734552" title="St. Jean Baptiste">
St. Jean Baptiste

"St. Jean Baptiste" is French for John the Baptist. It is used in the names of some churches and places, and two other saints have names derived from him.

</doc>
<doc id="18734554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734554" title="Chermoshnya">
Chermoshnya

Chermoshnya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18734558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734558" title="Woking Drama Festival">
Woking Drama Festival

The Woking Drama Festival is one of the largest drama competitions in the British Isles for amateur dramatics focussing on one act plays with a dedicated Youth Section. It is notable not only for its size, but also for the quality of its leading performances, with the winner of the festival having gone onto win the British All Winners Festival on a number of occasions.
Foundation.
The festival is one of the most enduring amateur festivals of its kind in the United Kingdom, having been founded in 1959 and celebrating its 50th festival in 2008 (from 30 September 2008 to 11 October 2008). The festival is organised by the Woking Drama Association. The first winning play was "“Master Dudley" by Philip Johnson, performed by the Pyrford Little Theatre.
Woking Drama Association.
The Woking Drama Association, or WDA, was founded to encourage and support the performing arts in Woking. As such, most of the leading local theatre and drama groups in the Surrey area belong to the WDA, as well as from further afield across the south of England. The WDA is also affiliated to many of the leading drama associations, particularly the National Drama Festivals Association. One of its primary aims is to present an annual drama festival in Woking every October. Outside of the annual drama festival, the WDA works as a focal point for local theatre groups and as a point of reference for directors looking for on-stage talent, backstage; props; costumes or set building.
Rhoda McGaw Theatre.
The festival is held in Woking, Surrey, in the Rhoda McGaw Theatre (within The Ambassadors, Peacock Centre). The theatre seats 228 in 9 rows of raked seating and has been reported to have excellent acoustics. The stage is flat, 58’ wide from wall to wall, with a 36’ curtain opening. From the main tabs it is 19’ back to the cyclorama and 8’ forward to the front of the stage. The theatre has also been used by the WDA to host the British All Winners Festival on those occasions when it has been invited to do so by the National Drama Festivals Association (the next time will be in July 2009). This is an affiliated theatre of the New Victoria Theatre, a commercial touring house owned and run by Ambassador Theatre Group (ATG). The venue has a unique relationship with the local council, whereby the council handles all the administration for the theatre, with the staffing and technical facilities run by the ATG. The council hires the theatre for four weeks each year to present professional touring productions (mostly one person shows), with the rest programmed by the WDA and local dance and drama schools.
Participating drama groups.
Over the years the Woking Festival has grown to become "one of the largest drama competitions in the British Isles and certainly one of the most respected for its quality of performance". In 2008 the WDA had 16 member groups. Some notable groups that are or have been members of the festival are:
Subsequent Success at the British All Winners Festival.
As a festival affiliated to the National Drama Festivals Association, winners from Woking can be invited to participate in the NDFA’s British All Winners Festival which they have done with some historical success. The winner from the Woking Drama Festival has gone on to win or attain the runner-up spot in the British All Winners Festival on a number of occasions:
Awards.
There are a number of awards that are contested for at the festival. These awards are adjudged by the adjudicator of the festival who is required to be a member of GODA.

</doc>
<doc id="18734560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734560" title="Percy Isenia">
Percy Isenia

Percy Isenia (born December 25, 1976 in Zwijndrecht) is a Dutch baseball player who plays for SV ADO and the Dutch national team.
Isenia batted .304/.385/.478 in the 1999 World Port Tournament to help the Netherlands to the title. He was 3 for 9 with a double, triple and 5 walks in the 1999 European Championship, also won by the Dutch. In the 1999 Intercontinental Cup, he hit .320/.370/.360 as the best Dutch hitter in a disappointing tournament for the team. In 2000, the 23-year-old Neptunus player tied for 4th in Hoofdklasse with 35 runs, tied for 8th with 3 home runs and tied for fifth with 29 RBI. He had as many RBI as long-time Dutch star Marcel Joost and one ahead of two other Dutch legends, Rikkert Faneyte and Dirk van 't Klooster. In the 2000 Haarlem Baseball Week, Isenia was 4 for 15 with a double, two walks, two RBI and a run.
He then hit .250/.280/.333 as the Dutch first baseman in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney in which the Netherlands finished fifth. In 2001, Isenia helped the Netherlands win the European Championship, batting fifth and playing first base in the Gold Medal game. His 39 RBI for Neptunus in 2001 were second in Hoofdklasse to Michael Crouwel. He helped Neptunus to the title. In the 2001 World Port Tournament, he hit .231/.302/.436 with a couple home runs for the silver medalists.
In the 2001 Baseball World Cup, Isenia batted .250/.308/.417, playing all 10 games at first for the Orange. In the 2001 European Championship, he batted .250/.324/.375 but led the Gold Medal winners with 9 RBI. In the 2002 Intercontinental Cup, Isenia produced at a .182/.308/.455 clip; he hit one of only two homers for the Netherlands, with Hensley Meulens providing the other. In the Dutch league that year, Isenia was a top star. He hit .340 (4th in Hoofdklasse), had 67 hits (second to van 't Klooster), scored 29 runs (10th), smacked 16 doubles (leading the league, one ahead of Reily Legito), hit 3 homers (tied for 8th) and drove in 43 (second-best, one behind leader Sidney de Jong. During 2002 Haarlem Baseball Week, he went 2 for 16 with a walk, run and a RBI.
Neptunus won another title in 2003 thanks to Isenia. He tied Norbert Lokhorst for the lead with 11 doubles and his 4 homers were one behind leader Evert-Jan 't Hoen. He tied van 't Klooster for 5th in RBI (26). In the 2003 Baseball World Cup, Isenia played DH so that Sharnol Adriana could be used at first. Isenia batted .333/.360/.583 with five RBI in six games. During the 2003 European Championship, Isenia was 3 for 6 in two games for the champion Dutch entry. In the 2003 World Port Tournament, Percy hit .243/~.282/.378 with 7 RBI to tie Fausto Álvarez for third in the event. He hit one of the two homers in the WPT that year; Tjerk Smeets had the other.
In 2004, the 27-year-old did not finish among the Hoofdklasse leaders in anything for the first time in five years. Isenia did not make the Dutch team for the 2004 Summer Olympics as Yurendell de Caster was chosen at first base instead with de Jong as the backup. During 2004 Haarlem Baseball Week, Isenia went 2 for 11 with a double, walk, run and 3 RBI. Isenia hit .271/.347/.349 for Neptunus in 2005 as they won their sixth straight title. In the 2005 Baseball World Cup, he batted .289/.400/.632 to help the Dutch finish 4th, their best finish to that point. He had 7 doubles, 11 runs and 8 RBI in 10 games. He made the All-Tournament team at first base. Isenia also did well in the 2005 European Championship, tying Ivanon Coffie for third in hits (14), finishing 4th in slugging (.710) and tying for third in RBI (10); Jairo Ramos Gizzi beat him out for All-Star honors at first base.
In the 2006 World Baseball Classic, Isenia struck out against J.C. Romero as a pinch-hitter for Adriana in the 8th inning of game one. In game three, he was 2 for 4 with a walk as the #5 hitter and DH in a rout of the Panamanian national team. Overall, his .400/.500/.400 line produced a better OPS than the team's other 1B/DH options, major leaguer Randall Simon and AAA veteran Adriana. Isenia hit .273/.385/.273 in the 2006 Haarlem Baseball Week and scored the tying run in the finale against Cuba. In 2006, he moved to SV ADO and produced at a .240/.308/.331 clip, a shadow of his former self. He tied Harvey Monte for fifth in doubles. He hit .226/.294/.516 with 7 runs and 8 RBI in 8 games in the 2006 Intercontinental Cup to help the Dutch to a silver medal. Isenia batted .282/.331/.444 in 2007. He was 4 for 19 with a double in the 2007 World Port Tournament.
Isenia was selected by coach Robert Eenhoorn in the team that represents the Netherlands at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18734566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734566" title="Masua">
Masua

Masua (, "lit." Torch) is a moshav shitufi and Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located in the Jordan Valley with an area of 6,000 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 142.
The village was established in 1969 as a Nahal settlement, and was converted to a civilian moshav by a HaOved HaTzioni gar'in five years later.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
Sartava Nature Reserve.
Four kilometers west-southwest of Masua is the Sartava Nature Reserve, named in tribute to a mountain from which, in Mishnaic times, Jews would relay signals via torch to indicate that a new month had been proclaimed.
The summit of Sartava has remains of a fort built by King Alexander of Judea. The area of Sartava, which is split down its length due to the Great Rift Valley, is unique in that it embodies a transition between the Mediterranean habitats of Samaria on the one hand and the more desert-like habitats of the Arava on the other.

</doc>
<doc id="18734570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734570" title="There's No Limit">
There's No Limit

"There's No Limit" is the title of a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Deana Carter. It was released in October 2002 as the lead-off single from her album "I'm Just a Girl". The song peaked at #14 on the Hot Country Songs chart, her biggest hit on the chart since "How Do I Get There" topped the chart in 1997, and is her last single to make the Top 20.
Content.
The song, written by Deana Carter with Randy Scruggs, is a moderate up-tempo backed by electric guitar with occasional harpsichord fills. Its lyrics are essentially of how Carter tells her male lover that she will do anything for him:
Music video.
A music video was released for the song, directed by Randee St. Nicholas. In the video, Carter and her boyfriend are seen talking on the phone. Carter sings and plays her guitar in her bedroom, and is later joined by her boyfriend. The video concludes with the two crawling under the sheets of her bed and kissing, while the chorus plays. 
The video for "There's No Limit" topped the CMT "Top Twenty Countdown" on April 17, 2003. It was also ranked at #29 on the 2008 version of CMT's 40 Sexiest Videos.
Chart performance.
"There's No Limit" debuted at number 54 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart for the week of October 26, 2002. After 24 weeks on the chart, it peaked at number 14 in April 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18734609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734609" title="Tennessee Stud (album)">
Tennessee Stud (album)

Tennessee Stud is the title of a recording by American folk music and country blues artist Doc Watson, released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18734629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734629" title="William Gould Young">
William Gould Young

William Gould Young (July 30, 1902 - July 5, 1980) was a physical organic chemist and professor at UCLA. Among his awards were the Priestley Medal in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="18734634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734634" title="Eric Tipton">
Eric Tipton

Eric Gordon Tipton (April 20, 1915 – August 29, 2001) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Philadelphia Athletics and the Cincinnati Reds. Also known as a college football player, he was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1965.
Early life.
Tipton was born in Petersburg, Virginia and attended Petersburg High School.
College football career.
Tipton played college football at Duke University as a running back and punter. While there, the Blue Devils won 25 games and lost only four, and won the Southern Conference championship in 1936 and 1938. For his college career, he rushed for 1,633 yards and scored 17 touchdowns. One of his most notable games came against Pittsburgh in 1938. During the game, Tipton had seven punts that stayed within Pitts' own 10-yard line, and another seven stopped inside the 20-yard line, as Duke won 7–0.
Professional baseball career.
Tipton was drafted in the thirteenth round of the 1939 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins, but chose to play professional baseball instead. He played outfield for the Philadelphia Athletics (1939–1941) and the Cincinnati Reds (1942–1945). His best seasons in the majors were in 1943 and 1944, when he had 142 hits and batted .288 in '43, and had 144 hits and batted .301 in '44. Tipton then played in the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball with the St. Paul Saints, 1946-1951, and the Portland Beavers, 1952, of the Pacific Coast League.
Coaching career.
During his off-season from baseball, Tipton was initially freshman football coach beginning in 1939 and in 1946 became an assistant football coach at The College of William & Mary. From 1953-57 he served as W&M's baseball prior to moving to West Point in 1957, where he was the lightweight football coach and baseball team head coach at the United States Military Academy. In 20 seasons at West Point, his baseball teams were 234–201–5 and won three league titles. His lightweight football teams were 104–14–1 for a .878 winning percentage with 13 league titles.
Honors.
For his athletic ability as a student Tipton was named to the Duke University Athletic Hall of Fame in 1976 in the second induction year. He joined the William & Mary Athletic Hall of Fame in 1989 after serving as a coach from 1939-1957 and, at the time, was one of few non-William & Mary graduation coaches inducted. Tipton was named to the Army Sports Hall of Fame (at the United States Military Academy) in 2005 in the second induction year; he was the first two-sport head coach honored at West Point.

</doc>
<doc id="18734635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734635" title="Mehola">
Mehola

Mehola () is a religious moshav and Israeli settlement in the West Bank, near the Palestinian village of Bardala. Located in the Jordan Valley near the Green Line with an area of 5,000 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 351. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
The village was established in 1967 by Bnei Akiva members, and was civilianised the following year. It was named after the biblical city of Abel-mechola (1 Kings 19:16), which was located in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18734647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734647" title="Tunnicliffe">
Tunnicliffe

Tunnicliffe or Tunnicliff is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18734662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734662" title="Bistreț">
Bistreț

Bistreţ is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 4,616 people in 2002. It is composed of four villages: Bistreţ, Bistreţu Nou, Brânduşa and Plosca.

</doc>
<doc id="18734673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734673" title="Pimicikamak">
Pimicikamak

Pimicikamak is the name of one of the Cree-speaking aboriginal peoples of Canada. Pimicikamak is "a people of rivers and lakes. The traditional territory of Pimicikamak is around Sipiwesk Lake in the heart of the boreal forest, five hundred kilometres north of Winnipeg, Manitoba. Flowing through their land is Kichi Sipi, the Great River." Pimicikamak's traditional territory also is known as Pimicikamak.
Pimicikamak is related to but appears to be culturally and linguistically distinct from neighboring Swampy Cree and Rock or Rocky Cree peoples of the boreal forest. There is less than complete consensus about these and other such anthropological definitions that may have been confused by changing fashions in colonial naming. The existence of distinct peoples in Canada, though constitutionally entrenched, is controversial by reason of perceived implications for Quebec separatism. The identities and roles of aboriginal peoples in Canada continue to be clarified.
Names.
Etymologically, "pimicikamāk" and related terms were understood as connoting "flowing across". This is widely presumed to be the origin of the name of Cross Lake in Pimicikamak territory. "Pimicikamak" is the collective singular name for the whole people and also the collective name for its traditional territory. Grouped as part of the closely related Rocky Cree, Pimicikamak refer to themselves as Nahathaway ("nīhithawī") (those who speak our language) or "ithiniwi" (real people); they called themselves "Cree" only when speaking English or French. Canada's history of suppressing indigenous languages, including aboriginal peoples' use of their own names such as "Pimicikamak", was controversial until 2008, when Canada's Prime Minister Stephen Harper publicly acknowledged and apologized for this policy. The name "Pimicikamak" appears to have entered into English-language usage by Cree-speakers in the 1990s. "The Pimicikamak Cree Nation" is a polyglot and imprecise description of Pimicikamak, not a name. It is also known in English as "the Cross Lake Band", a description that may be confused with the Cross lake Band of Indians (now known as the "Cross Lake First Nation").
Traditional territory.
Aboriginal concepts of territory are "sui generis" and do not correspond to those of Western cartography.
Pimicikamak's traditional territory is reported to have been the watershed of the upper Nelson River. It is located within the boreal forest or taiga of Canada. Like other indigenous peoples, Pimicikamak sees its spiritual relationship with the land as fundamental to its identity. Displacing indigenous spirituality through Christian missions was said to be "one of the most effective tools of assimilation" leading to "conformity within newly prescribed territorial limits." Canadian law continues to recognize relationships of aboriginal peoples with their traditional (c.f., treaty) territories.
History.
Oral history passed down by Pimicikamak elders says that Pimicikamak existed since time immemorial. Anthropological and archaeological evidence places aboriginal occupation of Pimicikamak after the last ice age "sometime before 4000 B.C.E." European documentary records date back at least to 1768, when a map showed Pemichicomo Lake in the area known as Rupert's Land. In 1770, Thomas Hutchins included the Pemmichi-ke-mè-u people on a list of tribes trading into Hudson Bay. Famed explorer and geographer David Thompson overwintered on Sipiwesk Lake in 1792. Peter Fidler charted the upper Nelson River through Pimicikamak in 1809. Pimicikamak made treaty (Treaty 5) with the Crown in 1875. In 1977 it was party to an amendment to address effects of the Nelson River Hydroelectric Project operations on its Treaty 5 rights.
Traditional government.
Oral history recorded by elders in the 1990s says that in traditional Pimicikamak government the people were warmed by four fires. These were Kiseyak Otabiwinik (where the Elders sit), Iskweyanak (the women), Opimbatawuk (the runners, or youth) and Okaniskoteyawuk (the hunters & warriors; lit., the keepers of the gate). The first two of these continued through the 20th century. The Council of Elders may have been based on Midewiwin society practices introduced hundreds of years ago from neighbouring Ojibwa (known to themselves as the Anishinaabeg). Oral history from the Elders provided the continuing source of Pimicikamak temporal or customary law. The Women's Council governed family and community life during winter dispersal and summer gatherings.
Constitution.
Like other indigenous peoples in Turtle Island (the name for North America in many indigenous languages), Pimicikamak was constituted under spiritual law. These were passed down orally through stories and reflected in ceremonies and traditions of the Pimicikamak people. They formed part of the culture that enabled it to survive as a people in a harsh environment. Treaty 5, signed by the British Crown and by Tepastenam and two others on Pimicikamak's behalf in 1875, clearly were intended to and did amend this customary constitution. Pimicikamak is a body politic or corporate. In 1996, Pimicikamak enacted its "First Written Law" which began the adaptation of its constitution to modern circumstances. Since the 1990s Pimicikamak has made other written laws with constitutional effect in the English language, including a citizenship law and an election law. These are based on consensus. The government of Canada has doubted the validity of the First Written Law and written laws made pursuant to it but accepted the validity of one such law, "The Pimicikamak Election Law, 1999", on other grounds.
The Winnipeg Treaty.
In 1875, the Ministry of the Interior determined to extend the Crown's treaty relations to the peoples east and west but not north of Lake Winnipeg. In September 1875, with Privy Council authority, Treaty Commissioners Alexander Morris and James McKay embarked on the Hudson's Bay Company steamer to several destinations on Lake Winnipeg to make a treaty whose terms, boundaries and signatories were essentially predetermined. The York boat trade via the Hayes River and York Factory on Hudson Bay having collapsed in competition with trade via the Mississippi River, Indians living at Norway House "whose occupation was gone, owing to supplies being brought in by way of the Red River of the North, desired to migrate to the western shore of Lake Winnipeg ...". Morris tells that upon arriving at Norway House, "We found that there were two distinct bands of Indians, the Christian Indians of Norway House, and the Wood or Pagan Indians of Cross Lake." The latter were represented by Tepastenam. Pimicikamak evidently persuaded the Commissioners to include it in Treaty 5, signed on 24 September 1875. Treaty rights are collective, not individual. Under one interpretation of Canadian law, aboriginal peoples may have treaty rights, but these are vested with the entire not community and not the band council.
Other Treaties with the Crown.
Pimicikamak and the government of Manitoba both regard a 16 December 1977 agreement with Canada and Manitoba Hydro as a modern-day treaty. Pimicikamak regards an 8 May 1998 document signed by representatives of Canada, Manitoba and Manitoba Hydro as a treaty. From the colonial perspective, some treaties with aboriginal peoples have been termed "a different method of expropriation".
Flag.
Pimicikamak also has a national flag.
Laws.
Like other indigenous peoples that have existed for a long time, Pimicikamak has a body of oral customary law. Since 1995, Pimicikamak has made several customary written laws.
Government.
Although Pimicikamak has four councils, Pimicikamak government is, like that of Switzerland, inseparable from the people, with strong elements of direct democracy. Its First Written Law provides for modern customary laws in writing to be accepted by consensus of a general assembly of the Pimicikamak public. National policy is established by consensus of the Four Councils. The Executive Council is responsible for giving effect to national policy.
Women's Council.
Historically, women appear to have had higher status in Cree societies than that accorded by contemporaneous European and some other aboriginal civilizations. "Cree women enjoyed a degree of autonomy that confounded European men who married Aboriginal women." "Crees viewed with contempt what they conceived as harsh treatment of women by Chipewyan males." In the Pimicikamak world view, women are symbolically associated with water, life, the direction west, and the color red. The Women's Council is viewed by some as first in precedence of the Pimicikamak councils. The reason given is that all members of the Councils received the gift of life from women, beginning the circle of life. Consistent with their historical status, the Women's Council has key roles in Pimicikamak government including control of elections and a veto over written laws.
Council of Elders.
Traditionally, elders were viewed as the lawyers or law-givers of Pimicikamak. They were the repository of the wisdom that enabled the Pimicikamak people to survive. Consistent with the traditional role, the Council of Elders must approve written laws by consensus. In recent times the fallout of the residential school system may have imposed difficulty on this role.
Youth Council.
The Youth Council took on constitutional responsibilities in the 1990s. It appears to be regarded as a traditional council.
Communities.
The largest community in Pimicikamak is Cross Lake, now connected to the western part of its traditional territory by the Kichi Sipi Bridge. Thicket Portage, Pikwitonei and Wabowden are also largely Pimicikamak communities in the west and north of Pimicikamak traditional territory. Non-Pimicikamak Canadian residents have rights under Treaty 5.

</doc>
<doc id="18734679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734679" title="Gordon Balch Nevin">
Gordon Balch Nevin

Gordon Balch Nevin (19 May 1892 – 15 November 1943) was an American composer and organist. A member of the Nevin musical family of Edgeworth, PA., his cousins were the composers Ethelbert and Arthur Nevin, and he was the son of composer and businessman George Balch Nevin. The Balch Family is one of the Colonial and Revolutionary Families of Pennsylvania.
Nevin occupied the organist's chair at churches in Easton, Pennsylvania; Cleveland, Ohio; and Johnstown, Pennsylvania; and he was organist of First Presbyterian Church in Greensburg, Pennsylvania, from 1918. Most of his compositions were for organ; he did, however, write a few secular songs, and among his published works are versions of several Stephen Foster songs. He was also a writer, publishing books on organ technique. He died in New Wilmington, Pennsylvania in 1943. His wife was the former Jessie Young of Johnstown, PA, a daughter of the Samuel E. and Elizabeth Rose Young Family and niece of US Congressman John Marshall Rose and grand-niece of W. Horace Rose, the 1st Mayor of Johnstown. Her Father, Samuel E. Young, was General Manager and Secretary of the Johnstown Passenger Railway Co.

</doc>
<doc id="18734692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734692" title="Hi-Tek (album)">
Hi-Tek (album)

Hi-Tek is the second solo album by rapper, Keak da Sneak and considered to be his best album by fans. It was released on June 16, 2001 for Moe Doe Records and was produced by Ant Banks, Rick Rock, One Drop Scott, Tone Capone, D-Dre and Keak da Sneak. The album was a modest success, peaking at #95 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, #18 on the Top Independent Albums and #37 on the Top Heatseekers, and selling 6,510 copies in its first week out.

</doc>
<doc id="18734693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734693" title="Old Parish Church">
Old Parish Church

Old Parish Church may refer to the following churches in Scotland:

</doc>
<doc id="18734696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734696" title="Ride (Ace Hood song)">
Ride (Ace Hood song)

"Ride" (originally called "Ride or Die") is the second single from Ace Hood's debut album "Gutta". It features Trey Songz, and is produced by The Inkredibles. T-Pain wrote the chorus. The video was shot on August 1, 2008.
The song was originally titled "Ride or Die", until Def Jam renamed it "Ride" because it was more radio-friendly. 
Music video.
DJ Khaled, Johnny Dang, Rick Ross, and Torch & Gunplay from Triple C's make a cameo appearance. This is the first video in which Trey Songz shows his new look. 
The music video features Ace Hood having a good time with his girlfriend until she gets arrested for covering for him.
The song's music video also debuted at #9 on BET's 106 & Park.
Remix.
The official remix has 2 versions.
Both versions features Rick Ross & Juelz Santana. But the first version, the original leaked version, features T-Pain on the chorus. And the second version, which is the video & album version, features Trey Songz on the chorus, replacing T-Pain, who was not in the video.
It has similar instrumentals to the original, but not quite the same. This is because DJ Khaled co-produced the remix and the original beat was replaced by DJ Khaled's beat.
The remix video was released with the video for "Get Em Up" on October 28, 2008. It features cameos from DJ Khaled, Akon, Twista, Jim Jones, Busta Rhymes, Jadakiss, DJ Drama, Brisco, Ray J, Shawty Lo and Soulja Boy Tell 'Em, Triple C's, among many others.

</doc>
<doc id="18734710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734710" title="Every Man Dies Alone">
Every Man Dies Alone

Every Man Dies Alone or Alone in Berlin (German: "Jeder stirbt für sich allein") is a 1947 novel by German author Hans Fallada. It is based on the true story of a working class husband and wife who, acting alone, became part of the German Resistance. They were eventually discovered, denounced, arrested, tried and executed. Fallada's book was one of the first anti-Nazi novels to be published by a German after World War II.
Background.
Otto and Elise Hampel, a working class couple in Berlin were not interested in politics, but after Elise Hampel learned that her brother (portrayed as a son in the novel) had fallen in France, she and her husband began committing acts of civil disobedience. They began writing leaflets on postcards, urging people to resist and overthrow the Nazis. They wrote hundreds of them, leaving them in apartment stairwells and dropping them into mailboxes. Though they knew the law made this a capital crime, they continued this work for well over a year until they were betrayed and arrested. They were tried by Nazi judge Roland Freisler and executed in Plötzensee Prison.
The English translation contains reproductions of actual postcards handwritten by the Hampels in Sütterlin-like block letters in a clumsy hand. The uneducated Hampels made spelling mistakes and their language was simple, but their message was strong—enough to terrify those who found the postcards. Nearly all of them were immediately turned in to police or the Gestapo.
Fallada was given the Hampel's Gestapo files by Johannes Becher, a poet, novelist and friend of Fallada's, who returned from exile after the war and became president of the cultural organization established by the Soviet military administration in the Soviet sector. In his job to create a new anti-fascist culture, he went through the Nazi files of executed Resistance fighters and then sought authors who would write these stories according to the new anti-fascist model. He gave the Hampels' files to Fallada in autumn 1945 in an effort to help him recover by giving him good subject matter for a book. Fallada, who had many personal problems, including morphine addiction, had been both institutionalized and incarcerated during the Nazi era. He did not at first want to write the story, saying he had not fought back and had even cooperated with the Nazis. However, unlike many writers and intellectuals who fled Nazi Germany, Fallada had felt too attached to the German language and culture to leave, despite the fact that he was urged to flee and had been blacklisted by the Nazis. As a result, he lived through all years of fear, distrust and danger in the daily life of wartime Berlin and the psychological aspect of the Hampels' story intrigued him. He also had an ear for the simple speech of the common worker. A year after receiving the files, in autumn 1946, Fallada wrote "Every Man Dies Alone" in just 24 days and died a few months later, weeks before the book was published.
Synopsis.
The story takes place in Berlin during World War II, with Germany firmly under Nazi terror. The book conveys the level of fear and suspicion engulfing Germany at the time because of the constant Nazi threat of arrest, imprisonment, torture and death. Even if one were not subjected to any of these, one could find oneself ostracized and unable to find work.
Escherich, a Gestapo inspector, must find the source of hundreds of postcards encouraging Germans to resist Adolf Hitler and the Nazis with personal messages such as “Mother! The Führer has murdered my son. Mother! The Führer will murder your sons too, he will not stop till he has brought sorrow to every home in the world.” Escherich is under pressure from Obergruppenführer Prall to arrest the source or find himself in dire straits. Nearly all those who find the cards turn them in to the Gestapo immediately, terrified they themselves will be discovered having them. Eventually, Escherich finds the postcard writer and his wife, who turn out to be a quiet, working class couple, Otto and Anna Quangel. The Quangels' acts of civil disobedience were prompted by the loss of their only son, who has been killed in action. They are arrested and brought to trial at the Volksgerichtshof, the Nazi "People's Court", where the infamous Roland Freisler presides. The Quangels are sentenced to death; Otto is soon executed, but Anna dies while on death row.
Reception.
Three months after its 2009 English release it became a "surprise bestseller" in both the US and UK It was listed on the official UK Top 50 for all UK publishers, a rare occurrence for such an old book. Hans Fallada's 80-year-old son, Ulrich Ditzen, a retired lawyer, told "The Observer" he was overwhelmed by the latest sales, "It's a phenomenon." Primo Levi said it is "the greatest book ever written about German resistance to the Nazis."
Translations.
The novel remained untranslated to English until 2009 when it was rediscovered by American publishing house Melville House Publishing and released in the US under the title "Every Man Dies Alone", in a translation by Michael Hofmann. Melville House licensed it to Penguin Books in the UK, who used the title "Alone in Berlin", following the French translation by André Vandevoorde in 1967, "Seul dans Berlin". The US title is close to the original German title, which translates verbatim as "Everyone dies for himself alone".
The book was first translated in 1948 into Russian (Иностранная литература, "Каждый умирает в одиночку") and into Swedish ("En mot alla", a second edition on the basis of the uncensored manuscript "Ensam i Berlin" 2012). Then followed publishing in Polish (Wydawnictwo Ministerstwa Obrony Narodowej, "Każdy umiera w samotności") in 1950, and Romanian (Editura pentru literatură și artă, "Fiecare moare singur") in 1951. In 1954, it was translated into Czech by Kamila Jiroudková (Československý spisovatel, "I ve smrti sami") and Norwegian (Aschehoug, "Den veien du går alene"); a second Norwegian translation (Dinamo forlag, "Alle dør alene") came out in 2011. In 1995, the book was translated into Italian (Einaudi Editore, "Ognuno muore solo"). A second translation came out in France in 2002. In 2010, the Israeli edition (Proza, "לבד בברלין") and the Dutch translation, (Cossee, "Alleen in Berlijn") were published, both following the title of the French translation.
Screen adaptations.
The earliest adaption was the West German television film "Jeder stirbt für sich allein" (1962) directed by Falk Harnack which aired on station SFB. In 1970, an East German television miniseries was directed by Hans-Joachim Kasprzik and produced by DEFA. The West German film "Jeder stirbt für sich allein" was directed by Alfred Vohrer in 1975, released internationally in English as "Everyone Dies Alone" in 1976; and in 2004, it was produced as a three-part television miniseries in the Czech Republic. 
, the film rights have been acquired by Vincent Perez and Stefan Arndt.

</doc>
<doc id="18734723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734723" title="Christopher J. Coyne">
Christopher J. Coyne

Bishop Christopher J. Coyne (b. June 17, 1958) is the Auxiliary Bishop and former Apostolic Administrator of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Indianapolis, based in Indianapolis, Indiana. 
Bishop Coyne was born in Woburn, Massachusetts and ordained in 1986. He earned a bachelor's degree from UMass Lowell and earned a master's of divinity from St. John's Seminary in Brighton. He also has a doctorate in liturgy from the Pontifical Liturgical Institute in Rome. 
Bishop Coyne was a professor of Sacred Liturgy and Homiletics, as well as director of the Pre-Theology Program at St. John's Seminary in Brighton, Massachusetts. He also served as Archdiocesan Director for the Office of Worship as well as Cabinet Secretary for Communications and Archdiocesan Spokesman for the Archdiocese of Boston. For four years Coyne was Pastor of Saint Margaret Mary Parish in Westwood, Massachusetts.
In January 2011, Pope Benedict XVI named Coyne Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Indianapolis. On March 2, 2011, Coyne was ordained a bishop in St. John the Evangelist Church in Indianapolis. He is the first auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Indianapolis since 1933.
Bishop Coyne was appointed the Apostolic Administrator by Pope Benedict XVI, on September 21, 2011, upon the early retirement of Archbishop Daniel M. Buechlein on grounds of ill health. He served as Apostolic Administrator until the installation of Archbishop Joseph William Tobin, C.SS.R., until then the Titular Archbishop of Obba and the Secretary of the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life (the Congregation for Religious), as the next Metropolitan Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Indianapolis. 
Bishop Coyne currently blogs and posts daily on Facebook and Twitter. 

</doc>
<doc id="18734730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734730" title="Laptop skin">
Laptop skin

A laptop skin is a precision-cut vinyl adhesive material, usually with some design, photograph, or other image, designed for application to the outside of a laptop, usually on the back of the LCD screen.
Laptop skins are designed to be durable and to give laptops a unique, customized look while also protecting the laptop from scratches and other damage from wear and tear. Laptop skins can also be used for branding purposes, promoting a company name, product, or cause.
Laptop skins come in different materials and quality. Skins are also available for other handheld portable consumer electronics, such as mobile phones and digital audio players, as well as for video game consoles, such as the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and Wii.
Skins are growing in popularity, with many brands licensing their copyrighted images out to the companies selling the skins. The companies that sell these are often purely ecommerce businesses rather than "bricks and mortar" stores. Some companies allow the customer to design their own laptop skin.

</doc>
<doc id="18734735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734735" title="Unión de Radioaficionados Españoles">
Unión de Radioaficionados Españoles

The Unión de Radioaficionados Españoles (URE) (in English, Spanish Amateur Radio Union) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Spain. The organization has approximately 12,000 members, predominantly amateur radio operators in Spain. URE promotes amateur radio by sponsoring amateur radio operating awards and radio contests. 
The URE also represents the interests of Spanish amateur radio operators and shortwave listeners before Spanish and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. URE is the national member society representing Spain in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18734738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734738" title="Valses Sentimentales and Valses Nobles (Schubert)">
Valses Sentimentales and Valses Nobles (Schubert)

Franz Schubert wrote about a hundred waltzes for piano solo. Particularly well known among these are two named collections, the 34 Valses Sentimentales (Op. 50, D. 779) and the 12 Valses Nobles (Op. 77, D. 969).
Composition history and background.
Schubert's piano music was slow in taking its place in the standard repertoire of piano literature. Until the early 20th century his vast piano solo production was often criticized for being salon music.
The "Valses Sentimentales" were written in 1823, and the "Valses Nobles" are believed to be written in 1827, the year before Schubert's death, although the manuscript is undated.

</doc>
<doc id="18734743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734743" title="Laughercize">
Laughercize

Laughercize is form of contagious laughter exercise, which works off the natural infectiousness of human joy. The technique is a form of practiced joy fitness which combines laughter and exercise.
History.
Laughercize was developed by Canadian filmmaker, journalist and Laughologist Albert Nerenberg. In the course of researching a TV documentary about laughter, Nerenberg told Hour Magazine he learned more about how "laughter protects people against heart disease, strengthens immunity and fights depression." Nerenberg believes joy fitness is an unexplored part of physical fitness. By combining contagious laughter techniques with exercise, Nerenberg created Laughercize, a set of exercises that trigger natural contagious reactions that can often result in extended bouts of laughter with therapeutic benefits. Nerenberg states that laughing can naturally deter stress by metabolizing cortisol, one of the main stress hormones. Laughing also improves breathing and heart health. It often quickly resolves anxiety and works towards lowering stress levels. The development of Laughercize was influenced by the development of Laughter Yoga and Improvisational Theater.
Current Usage.
Laughercize has been used to treat disabled children and recovering alcohol and drug addicts who have supposedly lost the ability to create natural endorphins. The system is also used in certain Canadian spas and health centers.

</doc>
<doc id="18734751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734751" title="Hard suction hose">
Hard suction hose

Hard suction hose (alternatively, suction hose) is a specific type of fire hose used in drafting operations, when a fire engine uses a vacuum to draw water from a portable water tank, pool, or other static water source. It is built to withstand vacuum, rather than pressure, abrasion, and heat. In the United States, it is standard equipment according to the National Fire Protection Association standards for fire engines. It is used in both structural and wildland firefighting throughout the world, and is made in various diameters and connection types.
Usage.
Hard suction hose, also known as a suction hose, is a specific type of rigid fire hose used in drafting operations. When using this technique, the fire engine draws water for fire fighting from an unpressurized supply, such as a portable water tank, pool, or other static water source, instead of drawing water from a pressurized water supply, such as a fire hydrant. Under complete vacuum conditions, a pump can lift water , but "no pump on a fire apparatus is capable of producing a perfect vacuum". Due to this limitation and friction loss, fire services do not recommend attempting to lift water more than .
Hard suction hose may also be used to connect a fire engine to a hydrant. This practice is common in Australia, but woven jacket fire hose is normally used for this purpose in the United States. Using hard suction hose in this manner requires that the fire engine be positioned carefully for the limited flexibility of the hose, and may require multiple firefighters due to the weight and bulk of the hose section. In certain circumstances, it may be possible to use hard suction hose to draft from a hydrant with adequate water supply but a low flow rate.
These hoses are built to withstand vacuum, rather than water pressure, abrasion, and heat. They are, therefore, constructed differently to the standard fire hose and have different end fittings. In the United States, they are standard equipment according to the National Fire Protection Association standards for fire engines. Since hard suction hose cannot be folded, it is typically mounted on the side of a fire engine, often opposite ground ladders. Such hose is used in both structural and wildland firefighting throughout the world.
Hard suction hose can also be used to extend the range of a water tender's dumping capability, if the fittings of the hard suction hose match those of the tender dumping water. This could be used to fill a portable dump tank not immediately adjacent to the water tender, from which another fire engine can draft. Since water movement during dumping relies on gravity, rather than mechanical pressurization, hard suction hose is useful for this task.
Characteristics and construction.
Hard suction hose differs from standard fire hose in both its construction and usage:
Hard suction hose predates steam or gas powered fire engines and has been available since at least 1888, sometimes referred to as "spiral suction hose".
Diameter.
Hard suction hose comes in multiple sizes, from in diameter. Large diameter hose are carried on full-size fire engines, but smaller diameters of hard suction hose can be carried on apparatus with smaller fire pump ratings, such as wildland fire engines. In the United States, NFPA 1901 requires engines to have hard suction hose that matches the engine's pump rating. For example, an engine with a per minute pump is required to carry or larger hose, while a wildland fire engine will typically carry hard suction hose.
The United Kingdom, has a standardised range of metric hose diameters: 7, 9, 12.5 and 15 cm (2.8, 3.5, 4.9 and 5.9 in), with the two smallest diameters sometimes used twined to provide adequate flow rates. Within this range, the hoses are fitted with "Instantaneous Couplings"; the hoses have Storz couplings; and the hose comes in two types, one with "Instantaneous Couplings" and one with Storz fittings. Fire Service Manuals provide tables of maximum volumetric flow rates for a given pump pressure, hose diameter and total hose length. The use of these tables, is to facilitate the selection of suitable hoses, taking into account the frictional losses caused by transporting water through the strainer, hoses, pump and fire fighting nozzles, to draft water from source to the fireground.
Strainers.
When being used in a drafting operation from a pool, portable water tank, or other uncovered water source, the length of hard suction hose farthest from the pump is usually attached to a strainer, to keep foreign objects in the water from being pulled into and damaging the pump. If used in a pond, stream, or other body of water, an appropriate flotation device must be used to keep the strainer below the surface and above the bottom, so that neither mud nor air are sucked into the fire engine's pump. When drafting from a solid-bottomed tank or pool, a strainer can safely rest on the bottom without suctioning mud into the fire engine's pump.
The United Kingdom official guidance is to:

</doc>
<doc id="18734752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734752" title="George Edward Hughes">
George Edward Hughes

George Edward Hughes (8 June 1918 – 4 March 1994) was a philosopher and logician whose principal scholarly works were concerned with modal logic and medieval philosophy.
He was born on 8 June 1918 in Waterford, Ireland. His parents, who were English, moved to Scotland in the early 1920s, in response to The Troubles. George graduated MA with First Class Honours in Philosophy and English, and then in pure Philosophy, from the University of Glasgow. He then studied for a year at the University of Cambridge, before being called back to Glasgow as an assistant lecturer. Subsequently he held lectureships at the University College of South Wales at Cardiff, and then the University College of North Wales at Bangor. In 1951 he was appointed to the first Chair in Philosophy at the Victoria University of Wellington in New Zealand, a position from which he retired in 1984. He died in Wellington on 4 March 1994.
Career.
Notable influences on his philosophical development included John Wisdom and Ludwig Wittgenstein, from whom he took classes at Cambridge; J. L. Austin, a leading exponent of ordinary language philosophy; and Arthur Prior, with whom he found much in common when they met in New Zealand.
Hughes was a gifted and revered teacher who played a prominent role in academic affairs at Victoria University. He is well remembered for his passion for clarity, his uncompromising intellectual honesty, and his humanity and gentleness.
His early interests were in ethics and the philosophy of religion, but he is most widely known for books on modal logic co-authored with his colleague and former student Max Cresswell. In 1968 they published "An Introduction to Modal Logic", the first modern textbook in the area. This book, which has been translated into German, Italian, Japanese and Spanish, was influential in introducing many generations of students and researchers to Kripke semantics, a mathematical theory of meaning that revolutionised the study of modal logics and led to applications ranging from the semantics of natural languages to reasoning about the behaviour of computer programs. Vaughan Pratt, the creator of dynamic logic, has written in reference to his own motivation that "a weekend with Hughes and Cresswell convinced me that a most harmonious union between modal logic and programs was possible".
Hughes' other special interest was in medieval philosophical logic, where his main projects were the preparation of philosophical commentaries on Latin manuscripts of John Buridan and Paul of Venice, as well as English translations of the originals.
He was also a priest in the Anglican (Episcopal) Church, having been ordained in Bangor Cathedral in 1950. At that time there was a need for clergy who could conduct services in both Welsh and English, so the then Bishop of Bangor ordained several men whom he considered suitable, but who had not had the usual theological training. Hughes had a flair for languages that enabled him to quickly learn how to pronounce the set words of the service even though he was not a Welsh speaker.
He was married with five children. His wife Beryl Hughes (1920 – ), an historian, taught in the History Department of Victoria University for 25 years, and was one of the founders of the Women's Studies programme there.

</doc>
<doc id="18734761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734761" title="Dead Daughters">
Dead Daughters

Dead Daughters (, translit. Myortvye docheri) is a Russian arthouse horror film directed by Pavel Ruminov.
Plot.
In present day Moscow, a woman Vera ("Daria Charusha") is waiting in her car for a traffic light to change, when a seemingly crazy man Max ("Ivan Volkov") gets into her car and demands that she drive away immediately. She agrees to take him to a restaurant, where he tells her that the ghosts of 3 sisters who were drowned by their mother have returned as ghosts which roam the city seeking vengeance. As the story continues, it seems that the sisters go after anyone who hears about their story. He tells Vera that the sisters watch their victims for 3 days, and if they do anything that the sisters find evil or bad, then they kill the person (they have psychic abilities, and can move objects, like poltergeists) Max then asks Vera if he can sleep at her house for the night. She agrees and takes him to her door, where she closes the door when he is outside, he yells at her and bangs on the door. He then runs away and is killed at what seems to be a train-yard. Vera (seemingly distressed) then calls over some of her friends Anna ("Jekaterina Shcheglova"), Anton ("Michael Dementiev"), Nikita ("Nikita Emshanov"), Stepan ("Michael Efimov") and Rita ("Ravshana Kurkova") and tells them the story. She wakes up the next morning and dies sometime through the course of the day (the viewer never finds out how she died). Her friends then meet for lunch and discuss that they must try to be as good as possible for the next 3 days. They all go about this in different ways. Anna spends her time trying to find out about the whole story, and try to stop the sisters. Rita, goes about her days normally, while being as nice to people as she can (she ends up being 'bad' in that she sells an apartment to a couple in which a mad man murdered his family, and dies by being impaled by a giant tree trunk). Stepan covers his walls in Holy Cross' and throws out all his alcohol and pornography (he at the end finds out that he gave some wrong information to one of his colleagues, by accident, he dies by being crushed by a bull somehow (the film techniques don't make his death very clear)). Nikita tells all the local district about the ghosts (as he works for a radio station, it is unclear if everyone then becomes haunted by the ghosts, it would seem not though) (he is just generally bad to random people on the street, and dies in a mysterious way, possibly from his stomach exploding). Anton tries to be nice to people, it is not certain how he is seen as evil by the sisters, possibly because he goes to a party on the last day (doing drugs etc.) he is killed by a tornado of darts all flying around him, stabbing into him into him slowly killing him. Anna eventually finds out that there is a fourth sister ("Yelena Morozova"), and upon visiting her, the sister says nothing other than that she has left her old life behind, Anna gives the fourth sister her number and says she is expecting her to call. The next day the fourth sister calls Anna, and gives her the dress of the daughters' mother (this is what causes them to not kill her). After her friends all die, Anna then puts on the dress of the mother, and is briefly possessed by her spirit, the spirit speaks through her telling the daughters to leave this world. The ending scene shows Anna sitting at a table (the next day), she then gets up off the table and grabs a pile of books off the table and leaves the shot, the film the abruptly ends.

</doc>
<doc id="18734762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734762" title="Toni Neal">
Toni Neal

Toni Neal (born Tanisha Yarndriciaes Dolores Neal on February 17, 1976) is a broadcaster.
Biography.
She got her start as an intern at WJLB-FM in Detroit in 1992 while attending Cass Technical High School. Born in the inner city of Detroit she was placed into foster care and remained there for 14 years until she went to Alabama to attend Oakwood University. During her education she hosted shows at WOCG-FM, WJAB-FM as well as WEUP-FM while working at WAFF-NBC in 1996-2000. She would later get ovarian cancer, thus stunting her career.
After her recovery she moved to Atlanta to work as a producer for WGCL-CBS in 2001. At WGCL she worked with former CBS network anchor Jane Robelot and former CNN anchor Andrea Arceneaux and Tony Harris. In 2003 she moved to Metro Traffic Networks where she became a traffic anchor for WSB-ABC, Sirius Radio, WVEE ("V-103FM"), and WAOK-AM.
She would later decide to leave the television and radio industry to raise her daughter. She now works as a BCC for Microsoft and continues to be an advocate for the foster care industry.

</doc>
<doc id="18734771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734771" title="Classification of Instructional Programs">
Classification of Instructional Programs

Classification of Instructional Programs (CIP) is a taxonomy of academic disciplines at institutions of higher education in the United States. 
The CIP was originally developed by the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES) of the United States Department of Education in 1980 and was revised in 1985 and 1990. The 2000 edition (CIP-2000) is the third and current revision of the taxonomy. Instructional programs are classified by a six-digit CIP at the most granular level and are classified according to the two-digit and four-digit prefixes of the code. For example, "Forensic Science and Technology" has the six-digit code 430106, which places it in Criminal Justice and Corrections (4301) and "Security and Protective Services" (two-digit CIP 43).

</doc>
<doc id="18734778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734778" title="Turks and Caicos Islands Rugby Football Union">
Turks and Caicos Islands Rugby Football Union

The Turks and Caicos Islands Rugby Football Union, or TCIRFU, is the body managing rugby union in the Turks and Caicos Islands. The TCIRFU has its head office and grounds on Providenciales, where Turks and Caicos rugby union international matches are played. In addition the Union also trains on Grace Bay beach on Providenciales.
In August 2011, the TCIRFU was admitted as an associate member of NACRA, which is the governing body for rugby union in North America and the Caribbean.
The TCIRFU is made up of Turks and Caicos Islanders as well as expatriate residents from England, Scotland, Wales, Ireland, Canada, United States, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa. The TCIRFU competes at fifteen- and seven-a-side rugby union.
History.
Rugby in the Turks and Caicos Islands began in the early nineties on Providenciales old downtown ballpark. Due to the harsh nature of the terrain it was limited to touch. Touring parties were created and travelled first to Tamarac Florida and then on to the Dominican Republic and the Carib 7's in Trinidad where they won the awartd for the most sociable team.
The TCIRFU was formed in 2001 and continues to grow through tours to Cuba, the Bahamas and the United States.
Youth Rugby.
The TCIRFU run a youth academy for aspiring rugby players in the islands.
Competitition.
The Turks and Caicos national team, the Flamingos, plays representative matches against the Bahamas as well as competing against touring club sides from the United States and passing British Warships.
The TCIRFU has also sent teams to compete in the Trinidad Sevens, Bahamas Sevens, Cayman Sevens, Cuba, the Dominican Republic and the Canada-American Rugby Tournament at Saranac Lake, New York.
The TCIRFU also hosts the annual Governors Cup Beach Rugby Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18734802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734802" title="Dupa">
Dupa

Luc Dupanloup, more famous under his pen name Dupa, was a Belgian comics artist best known as the creator of Cubitus which later was turned into an animated series called "Wowser". He was born on 12 February 1945 in Montignies-sur-Sambre and died on 8 November 2000 in Ottignies.

</doc>
<doc id="18734833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734833" title="Karma Thinley Rinpoche">
Karma Thinley Rinpoche

Karma Thinley Rinpoche, (b. 1931) is an important master of the Kagyu Mahamudra, Sakya Lamdré and Chod traditions of Tibetan Buddhism active in the west. He is also well regarded by Tibetans as a scholar, poet and artist.
Life.
Karma Thinley Rinpoche was born in Nangchen, Kham, in Qinghai in 1931. At age two, he was recognized as a reincarnation of Beru Shaiyak Lama Kunrik.
Throughout the 1950s, Rinpoche made pilgrimages to Radeng, Samye, Sakya and Lhasa. Eventually, he settled for a period at Tsurphu Monastery, traditional seat of the Karmapa. The 16th Karmapa recognized Rinpoche as a tulku of Karma Thinleypa.
Karma Thinley Rinpoche left Tibet for India in 1959 and during the 1960s was abbot of the Young Lamas Home School and Karma Drubgyu Thargay Ling nunnery both founded by Freda Bedi in Dalhousie, HP. There he was one of the first Tibetan refugee Lamas to teach western students. In 1971 he accompanied a group of Tibetan refugees resettled in Ontario, Canada as their Lama and in 1973 established a Buddhist center, Kampo Gangra Drubgyud Ling meditation centre in Toronto, Canada.
In 1982, Karma Tinley Rinpoche was able to visit his homeland Nangchen for the first time since leaving a quarter of a century earlier. Returning several times since then he has established a temple in Shorda, capital of Nangchen District and a school for nomad children in the Sangshung valley.
In 1988, he also established a nunnery, Tekchen Lekshay Ling, at Boudhanath Nepal and subsequently a small meditation retreat center at Pharping.
His students include Lama Jampa Thaye, a British Buddhist teacher who is Karma Thinley Rinpoche's dharma-regent and founded the Dechen sangha and the Nepalese Lama, Rana Guru.

</doc>
<doc id="18734846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734846" title="Lincoln, Texas">
Lincoln, Texas

Lincoln is an unincorporated community in central Lee County, Texas, United States. It lies along U.S. Route 77 north of the city of Giddings, the county seat of Lee County. Its elevation is 371 feet (113 m). Although Lincoln is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 78948.
Lincoln was formerly named Evergreen. Evergreen was the home town of the infamous American Old West gunfighter Bill Longley.

</doc>
<doc id="18734858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734858" title="Grigory Kramarov">
Grigory Kramarov

Grigory Moiseevich Kramarov (; 18871970), real name Gershel Moishevich Kramar () was a Russian revolutionary and Bolshevik of Ashkenazi descent. He was an early promoter of the idea of space flight in the Soviet Union, actively advancing the concept from the 1920s.
Biography.
Involved in the 1905 revolution in St. Petersburg, Kramarov was arrested and eventually fled Russia, living for a time in San Francisco. He joined the Bolsheviks in 1907. Involved in the 1917 October Revolution, he was a member of the All-Russian Central Executive Committee (VTsIK) and took part in the civil war. Afterwards, he worked for the Comintern at the International Leninists School, as a journalist.
Kramarov was strongly involved in the promotion of rocketry and space travel in the Soviet Union, and was a founder and the chairman of the Society for Studies of Interplanetary Travel in 1924. In later years, he wrote two books on the early history of space exploration in Russia, "The World's First Society of Interplanetary Flight" and "The Dawn of Cosmonautics" (1965). 
Kramarov died in Moscow in 1970 and was buried at Novodevichy Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18734861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734861" title="Trip to Jewish Cuba">
Trip to Jewish Cuba

Trip to Jewish Cuba is a 1995 short documentary film that follows an American-Jewish aid mission as it travels to Cuba to observe and help the island's Jewish community.
Summary.
When Jews were being persecuted in Europe before the Second World War, Cuba was among the first countries in the Americas to take them in as refugees, and the Cuban Jewish community initially flourished. Numerous Yiddish newspapers were distributed and anti-Semitism during the war years seems to have been non-existent. But later, the Communist revolution led by Fidel Castro drove out 90% of Cuban Jewry.
The revolution was not directly anti-Semitic, but it frowned on religion in general, making life for practicing believers challenging. By 1989, what had once been a vibrant Jewish community had less than 800 practicing members.
"Trip To Jewish Cuba" points out just how much the Americans can learn from the Cubans they are ostensibly helping. Seeing the Cubans’ struggles makes their accomplishments seem that much more admirable, and causes the Americans to rethink their own sense of commitment. “The feeling inside the synagogue!” an American woman exclaims, noting, “These are people who are proud to be Jewish.” Unlike American Jews who can afford to take their faith for granted, Cuban Jews have to make a strong effort just to keep their tradition alive. Their enthusiasm to learn and pride in their accomplishments inspires their American visitors.
Reception.
June Safran, Executive Director, The Cuba-America Jewish Mission:
"Seeing this video is a great way to learn about the Jewish communities of Cuba through the eyes of American visitors of all ages. Especially helpful for those contemplating a trip."
External links.
CHAI Missions *[http://www.chaimissions.org]

</doc>
<doc id="18734900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734900" title="Massimo Morales">
Massimo Morales

Massimo Morales (born April 20, 1964 in Caserta) is an Italian football manager.
Coaching career.
He managed 1. FK Příbram from March 2008, and led the Czech team to 2nd place in Czech 2. Liga, thus ensuring promotion back to the national top flight. On 5 May 2009 1. FK Příbram owner Jaroslav Starka and the Italian coach mutually decided to part ways due to the fact that the club was delaying the payment of the salaries. On 29 October 2009, he was named as the new Head Coach of Budapest Honvéd, replacing Tibor Sisa. In season 2010, after Újpest FC defeated his team, he resigned.
Career.
"Coaching career history"

</doc>
<doc id="18734910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734910" title="Danny Cohen (television executive)">
Danny Cohen (television executive)

Danny Cohen (born 1974) is the Director of BBC Television. He was previously the Controller of BBC One, the BBC's principal television channel in the United Kingdom. and the youngest person to be appointed as Controller of the channel.
Education.
Cohen attended a Jewish primary school in north London, followed by the City of London School, an independent school for boys in the City of London. Cohen read English at Lady Margaret Hall of Oxford University, from which he graduated with a BA Honours Double First in English Literature.
Career.
Channel 4.
Cohen worked earlier in his career for Channel 4 in the UK in various roles including Head of Documentaries, Head of Factual Entertainment and Head of E4. His television commissions at Channel 4 included "Fonejacker", "The Inbetweeners", "Supernanny", "Cutting Edge", "The Great British UFO Hoax", "The Games", and the BAFTA award-winning "Skins".
BBC Three.
Between May 2007 and October 2010, Cohen was the Controller of BBC Three. During his tenureship of BBC Three, the channel increased its share of 16-34-year-old viewers by 58% and won Digital Channel of the Year at the Edinburgh International TV Festival in two out of three years – 2008 and 2010. His BBC Three commissions included the BAFTA nominated "Blood, Sweat and T-shirts" and follow-up series "Blood, Sweat and Takeaways", "The Undercover Princes", "Britain's Missing Top Model", "The World's Strictest Parents", "The Adult Season", "Russell Howard's Good News", "Young Voter's Question Time", "Stacey Dooley Investigates", "Lip Service", "Lee Nelson's Well Good Show", "Being Human" and "Mongrels".
Alongside these commissions, he also acquired "Summer Heights High" from Australia and built a strong following for U.S. animation "Family Guy". He also revamped the hourly bulletins "60 Seconds" adding a World News update, and hired Tasmin Lucia-Khan as the face of news.
In February 2008, "The Times" newspaper described Cohen as "the boy wonder of British television". In January 2009, the Royal Television Society's magazine "Television" wrote an article about Cohen which posed the question of whether "the 34 year-old wunderkind" would be Director General of the BBC by his early forties.
BBC One.
As Controller of BBC One from 2010, Cohen's commissions have included "Call the Midwife", which launched as the highest rating BBC drama series for over a decade, "The Voice UK", and a new BBC adaptation of "Great Expectations", "The Village" and the Ben Elton comedy series "The Wright Way".
Cohen's television commissions have included "The Interceptor", "The Secrets", "War and Peace", "Remember Me", "Gangsta Granny", "Call the Midwife", "The Voice UK", "The Inbetweeners", "Skins", "Supernanny", "Being Human", "Blood Sweat and Takeaways", "Him & Her", "Russell Howard's Good News", "Luther", "Truckers", "Jamaica Inn", "From There To Here", "The Crimson Field", "The Game", "In The Club", "The Great Train Robbery" and "Women, Weddings, War and Me".
BBC Television.
In April 2013 Cohen became Director of BBC Television, succeeding Roger Mosey who had been temporarily in the post since August 2012 and will take up his new post on 7 May.
He recently appeared in a short film: 'The Creative Revolution', commissioned by the Digital Production Partnership, exploring the relationship between digital technology and creativity in the production and delivery of TV programming.
Personal life.
Cohen is married to the economist and author Noreena Hertz.

</doc>
<doc id="18734911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734911" title="Michiel van Kampen">
Michiel van Kampen

Michiel van Kampen (born January 23, 1976, Haarlem) is a Dutch baseball player who currently plays for Kinheim and the Dutch national team. He has been a star relief pitcher in the Hoofdklasse who once set the appearances record and was MVP of the 2007 Holland Series. His sister Judith van Kampen is a star softball pitcher for the Dutch women's softball national team and was the first Dutch woman to play NCAA Division I softball, for the University of Nevada; they both will play for the Netherlands in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Van Kampen pitched in the US for four years, for Treasure Valley Community College and Albertson College. In 2000, he was 4-1 with 2 saves and a 2.96 ERA for Albertson. In 1999, he had helped Albertson finish second in the NAIA College World Series. In the 1999 European Championship, van Kampen threw two scoreless innings, striking out five batters. He was the top pitcher on the Dutch national team in the 2001 Baseball World Cup, allowing no runs in 5 IP, the only pitcher on the team not to be scored upon. He had a 1.13 ERA in the 2001 World Port Tournament. That year, Van Kampen appeared in 33 games in the Hoofdklasse, setting a league record. In the 2001 European Championship, van Kampen retired all five batters he faced as the Netherlands won Gold.
In the 2002 Intercontinental Cup, Van Kampen pitched a scoreless inning against Japan but gave up two runs in 2/3 of an inning against the Venezuelan national team. His 14 saves led the Hoofdklasse in 2002, doubling runner-up Richard Beljaards. Van Kampen had four saves for HCAW in the Hoofdklasse in 2003. He had a 9.00 ERA and one save in the 2003 World Port Tournament, allowing five hits in two innings of work. He only pitched once in the 2003 Baseball World Cup, tossing a scoreless inning and allowing one hit in an easy win and combined 2-hitter over the French national team. He would not appear for the Dutch national team in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
Van Kampen saved 7 games for HCAW in 2004, third in the Hoofdklasse. In 2005, he moved to Instant Holland A90 and was 1-2 with 6 saves (4th in Hoofdklasse) and a 1.05 ERA in 26 outings. He was back with the Dutch squad for the 2005 European Championship (hurling two games as the Netherlands won the Gold). He had a 1.93 ERA in four appearances in the 2005 Baseball World Cup as the Dutch team finished 4th, their highest ever to that point. 2006 was a busy year for Van Kampen. He pitched in the 2006 World Baseball Classic as the lone Dutch pitcher to succeed in a 11-2 loss to the Cuban national team. He relieved Calvin Maduro in the 7th with a 10-2 deficit. He struck out 3 batters in 1 IP, allowing no runs. He began by whiffing Yoandy Garlobo and Carlos Tabares. In the 8th, he retired Eduardo Paret on a grounder. He then plunked Michel Enriquez and Yulieski Gourriel reached on a fielder's choice. Van Kampen fanned Joan Carlos Pedroso before giving way to relief pitcher Nick Stuifbergen.
In the regular Hoofdklasse season (now with Corendon Kinheim, Van Kampen was 1-2 with 11 saves and a 2.30 ERA. He led the league in saves. He was 1-0 with a save and 0.00 ERA in three playoff appearances. He had a save and 1.42 ERA in the 2006 Holland Series, which Kinheim won. Van Kampen threw nine scoreless innings in the 2006 Intercontinental Cup to help the Netherlands win the silver medal. He was 1-0 with a save in the competition. He threw 2 scoreless frames in a 4-3 win over former champion Australia, got the win in the 4-2 victory over the Chinese Taipei national team and tossed the final three innings in a shutout over the Japanese national team in the semifinals for the save.
In the 2006 Haarlem Baseball Week, Van Kampen was 1-0 with a 3.18 ERA for the champion Dutch squad. In 2007, he went 2-0 with 8 saves and a 1.05 ERA for Kinheim and only walked three batters in 25 IP. He tied Dave Draijer for the save lead in the circuit and tied Draijer for second in games pitched (23), one behind Stephen Spragg. He struck out 8 batters in four innings in the playoffs, saving two and posting a 2.25 ERA. In the 2007 Holland Series, Van Kampen pitched 5 innings, allowing no runs. He saved two of the games in the 3-game sweep by Kinheim and won the other contest. Van Kampen pitched 3 scoreless innings for Kinheim in the 2007 European Cup, registering a save in the finals. It was the first European Cup title for Kinheim.
In the 2007 European Championship, van Kampen threw 3 scoreless innings, saving one game as the Netherlands won the Gold and qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics. He saved two games and threw 3 scoreless innings in the 2007 World Port Tournament. van Kampen had a 1-1, 9.00 record in the 2007 Baseball World Cup. He blew a save in a 4-3 loss to the Australian national team. Entering in the bottom of the 9th with a 3-2 lead, Van Kampen walked Brad Harman. Gavin Fingleson reached on a Michael Duursma error, Harman taking third. Luke Hughes hit a sacrifice fly to score Harman and Trent Oeltjen hit a game-winning double for the Aussies. In the quarterfinals, Van Kampen did far better, getting the win over the host Chinese Taipei national team with a scoreless 10th. He allowed one run in the 11th after the Netherlands scored four in the top of the frame.
Van Kampen struggled in the 2008 European Cup in Grosseto as the worst pitcher on Kinheim, which won the title. He nearly blew a 4-0 lead against the Marlins Puerto Cruz in the opener, giving up 3 runs. Against Montepaschi Grosseto in the Gold Medal game, he gave up a run in the 10th but got reprieve when Kinheim rallied to win.

</doc>
<doc id="18734914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734914" title="La severa matacera">
La severa matacera

La Severa Matacera is a Colombian musical group formed in Bogotá at the end of 1995 with the idea of forming a band which could mix all the influences of its members (ska, reggae and funk mostly). The band has become one of the most representative rock bands in Colombia.
History.
The first demo-tape, “Inmunidad”, was printed in México D.F. by an independent label called Pepelobo Rekords in 1999. La Severa Matacera has participated in two compilations which helped to extend the diffusion to several independent communication media along Latin-American continent.
In year 2002 La Severa Matacera shows a CD called “Cuando La Gente Se Pare” by the Colombian labels Hormigaloca Producciones and MTM. This CD has 13 tracks which includes invited musicians as: Desorden Público (Venezuela) and Los Yerberos (México).
Cuando la gente se pare was recorded in Rec. Studio (Bogotá) between may and September 2.001, co-produced by sound engineers Mocho and Kabeto; mixed and mastered by Santiago Ochoa at 8A's Psychotropic Home Studio and the art work was in charge of Sebastián Moyano. L.S.M. has already shown its work in Bogotá and the main cities of Colombia.
The year 2005 starts for the band by showing an EP called Energía Positiva which includes 3 songs that will make parto of their new CD, the band decided to publish this work with their own indie label, LSM records. 
On October 5 the band was given the BEST SKA REGGAE BAND AWARD, by SHOCK MAGAZINE in Colombia
In February 2006 the band travelled to Los Angeles, California to star the 10th Anniversary Tour.
The band started an exhaustive tour performing at the most renowned stages in Los Angeles such as House of Blues, The Knitting Factory, and The Temple Bar among others. The band also performed in Anaheim, Orange County with the new Mexican rock star Sara Valenzuela and opened the tour for The Aggrolites (Hellcat Records) in San Francisco with several ska bands from the Bay Area. 
In July the band was invited to be the main act at the 7th Annual Victoria Ska Fest (Canada). Other important performers at the fest were Jamaican artist Junior Reid, and again The Aggrolites. 
To finish this tour the band went to New York where they performed 3 times at Midway (Manhattan) and Terraza (Queens) with a very impressive support from the audience.
During the last 2 months of this trip the band recorded a whole new CD at Ventana Studios in the heart of Downtown Los Angeles.
The band returned to Colombia in September to start a national tour in front of more than 100.000 people at Rock al Parque festival as opening act for the French artist Manu Chao in Bogotá and also played for 20.000 people in Medellín as opening act for Californian band Total Chaos.
The band released in 2007 a 4 song E.P. which includes the best of the California Tour 2006 and returned to USA with the purpose of finishing the mixing and mastering of the upcoming CD at the Version City Studios in New Brunswick (New Jersey) under the direction of the ska reggae King Django who has worked with bands such as Stubborn All Stars and Slackers among others. 
A second tour in the USA was promoted with Pachamama Culture and Sail Away Collective from June 30 to August 11 visiting New York, New Jersey, Chicago, Albuquerque, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Seattle and the discovery islands in British Columbia, Canada.
In 2008 the band is invited to be the main act of the Festival FFF in Ambato, Ecuador with special guests form France and the best bands from Quito y Guayaquil.
At the moment the band is preparing to release the new CD V.I.S.A. in 2008 under independent label Kalppa Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18734935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734935" title="Daniel McNeil">
Daniel McNeil

Daniel McNeil (January 31, 1853 – before 1922) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Inverness County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1886 to 1894 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Mabou, Nova Scotia, the son of Malcolm McNeil and Ellen Meagher, and was educated at Saint Francis Xavier College. In 1879, he was called to the Nova Scotia Bar and set up practice in Port Hood. McNeil married Ellen Maria McDonald in 1881. He was a member of the Executive Council from 1886 to 1893. In 1892, he moved his law practice to Halifax. McNeil returned to Inverness County in 1905, serving as postmaster. In 1907, he was named King's Counsel. McNeil was later named judge in the County Court; he died shortly afterwards following an accidental injury.

</doc>
<doc id="18734939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734939" title="Black Berry Islands">
Black Berry Islands

The Black Berry Islands are located in Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island. They are part of the Kitikmeot Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.
Other island groups in the vicinity include the Berens Islands, Couper Islands, Deadman Islands, Lawford Islands, Leo Islands, and Sir Graham Moore Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="18734944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734944" title="Douglas Weiland">
Douglas Weiland

Douglas Weiland (born 1954 Malvern, Worcestershire, United Kingdom) is a modern-classical composer.
Formerly a violinist - 2 years English Chamber Orchestra, 7 years Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, and 5 years as a founder member of the Australian Quartet (1985–1990), he has been a full-time composer since 1990.
Weiland has produced numerous and acclaimed chamber, orchestral and choral works, many commissioned for and performed by some of the world's greatest artists: Sir Neville Marriner and Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, Altenberg Trio Wien, William Hennessy's Australian Quartet, Marie-Noëlle Kendall, Andrew Marriner, Kenneth Sillito, Steven Isserlis, and the young Hamer Quartet.
Three early major chamber works (1985–1988) were commissioned for William Hennessy's newly formed Australian Quartet, and announced Weiland as a new voice, categorised by modern-classical hall-marks – aspiring to the achievements of Bartók, Prokofiev, Sibelius, Tippett - as distinct from avant-garde.
Weiland was Composer-in-Residence for the Norfolk and Norwich Music Club from 2003 - 2007.
Reviews.
"When, early this century, we commissioned Douglas Weiland to write a concerto for the clarinet, I was already familiar with his work. The fact that it turned out to be a masterpiece for the instrument was an unsurprising joy and we knew that Douglas had added a significant major opus to the clarinet repertoire." Sir Neville Marriner.
"How privileged I was to give the first performance of Douglas Weiland's concerto; it is written in a musical language that is immediately intelligible and appealing; yet it is a unique compositional style that sings through his work, an extraordinary insight into the vocal potential of the clarinet. Audacious in scale, it is an emotionally fulfilling work to play. This piece deserves wide recognition as a serious addition to the small number of major works written for the clarinet." Andrew Marriner.
"The Weiland Clarinet Concerto is a major work of classical daring. The composer serves the highest musical ideals revealing an exquisite taste, a superb sense of proportion and pacing, elegance, mystery, rich muscular drama and a complete mastery of the orchestra. The clarinet and orchestral writing in fact is such that in a comparatively short amount of time this concerto will become one of those works that "must have always been there". Douglas Weiland has created a 21st-century masterpiece, a magnificent successor to the clarinet concertos of Mozart and Nielsen." William Hennessy.

</doc>
<doc id="18734952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734952" title="Valses nobles et sentimentales (Ravel)">
Valses nobles et sentimentales (Ravel)

The Valses nobles et sentimentales is a suite of waltzes composed by Maurice Ravel. The piano version was published in 1911, and an orchestral version was published in 1912. The suite contains an eclectic blend of Impressionist and Modernist music, which is especially evident in the orchestrated version.
Composition and background.
Ravel was intrigued by the waltz genre. By 1906 he had started composing what later would become "La valse", in which he tried to epitomise everything this popular genre encompassed. In 1911, prior to the 1919 publication of "La valse", he published the piano version of his suite of eight "Valses nobles et sentimentales". The work was first performed on May 8, 1911 by Louis Aubert, to whom the work is dedicated, at a performance of new works where the composers were not identified. It was sponsored by the Société Musicale Indépendante, to promote the works of more adventurous composers, without "burdening" critics with the attached labels of authorship. This was in theory supposed to encourage the critics to evaluate what they actually heard rather than simply judging the piece by the name of the composer. The anonymous work generated a disturbing chorus of boos and cat calls. Many were unnerved by the acerbic harmonic palette that he employed. Some even thought the piece was a parody. When the votes were tallied, the nominated composers included Erik Satie, Charles Koechlin, Vincent d'Indy and even Zoltán Kodály, but "a minute majority," Ravel recalled, "ascribed the paternity of the Valses to me."
The following year an orchestrated version of the "Valses" was published. This work indicated that the composer wanted to create a "clearer" orchestral sound than had been the case for the preceding "Gaspard de la nuit". 
The orchestrated ballet version of the "Valses nobles et sentimentales" was named Adélaïde, ou le langage des fleurs ("Adelaide: The Language of Flowers"). Those who are familiar with the world of opera will notice a striking resemblance between this story and the plot of Giuseppe Verdi's La Traviata based upon the novel and play La Dame aux camelias by Alexandre Dumas fils.
Structure.
That Ravel wanted to identify with Franz Schubert is clear. As he said himself:
However, unlike Schubert (who actually wrote separately-grouped noble and sentimental waltzes that, while originally published separately, are frequently published together), Ravel did not differentiate the "noble" waltzes from the "sentimental" ones. Other than the name and the waltz form, there is little similarity between Ravel's and Schubert's works.
The waltzes are marked as follows. A typical performance of all of the waltzes takes 15 minutes.
The orchestral arrangement of the piece is written for a large orchestra consisting of two flutes, two oboes, english horn, two clarinets (in B-flat and A), two bassoons, four horns (in F), two trumpets, three trombones, tuba, timpani, tambourine, cymbals, snare drum, glockenspiel, triangle, bass drum, celesta, two harps, and strings.

</doc>
<doc id="18734972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734972" title="Sekhmakh">
Sekhmakh

Sekhmakh was the wife of the Nubian king Nastasen, who ruled in the Fourth century BC.
Sekhmakh is known from the great stela of the king, where she is depicted in the roundle. There is also her funerary stela, found in a temple at Jebel Barkal and obviously reused. The burial, where the stela was once placed is unknown. Sekhmakh bears the titles "king's daughter, king's wife" and "mistress of Egypt". Her royal parents are unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18734994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734994" title="Javier Calvo">
Javier Calvo

Javier Calvo Perales is a Spanish writer born in Barcelona in 1973.
Life.
Javier Calvo graduated in journalism at the Autonomous University of Barcelona and studied comparative literature at Pompeu Fabra University.
He's married to American writer and photographer Mara Faye Lethem. They have two children.
Work.
Laugh Tracks.
His first short-story compilation, "Risas enlatadas" ("Laugh Tracks", 2001), shows stylistic elements that differ extremely from those of contemporary Spanish narrative: sampling or movie snippets, manipulated quotes of other texts, compressed plots from other novels and an "open" conception of narration, taken from Free Cinema and the montage techniques of filmmakers such as Jean Eustache or John Cassavetes. Other influences, recognizable in this book are the English novel and the audiovisual world of cinema and television, with many of his short stories using the world of television as a theme.
The Reflecting God.
Along the same line of his short story book, the novel "El Dios Reflectante" (The Reflecting God) was published in 2003. It is the epic-comical chronicle of the shooting of a science fiction film in London and of the many ways that the eccentricity of its director, Matsuhiro Takei, has unpredictable consequences in the life of the film's crew. In the pages of this book, the author repeats the sampling technique, the manipulation of fragments of other movies and the organization of the novel's parts following certain montage sequence techniques. The novel was a unanimous critical success and was immediately translated to Italian and German.
The Lost Rivers of London.
In 2005, he published "Los Ríos Perdidos de Londres" ("The Lost Rivers of London"), his darkest book yet. It comprises four short novels, "Una belleza rusa" ("A Russian Beauty"), "Crystal Palace", "Rosemary" and "Mary Poppins: los ríos perdidos" ("Mary Poppins: The Lost Rivers"). In this book, his style becomes dense and picks up influences not only of Gothic and Victorian narrative, but of Gothic rock and post punk aesthetics. "Una belleza rusa" is a free version of the Vladimir Nabokov story "A Russian Beauty", where he uses characters and elements from the TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. "Crystal Palace" is an autobiographic story about the author's relationship with the series Doctor Who during his childhood. "Rosemary" combines elements from the Roman Polanski movie Rosemary's Baby with the history of the band The Cure. And "Los ríos perdidos" is a tribute to the novels of the Mary Poppins series by P.L. Travers and the work of British musician and occultist Jhonn Balance.
Wonderful World.
"Mundo Maravilloso" ("Wonderful World", 2007), more than six-hundred pages long, is a comical thriller set in contemporary Barcelona. The main character, Lucas Giraut, is an antique dealer with emotional problems who gets involved in the world of crime in order to become the person that he believes his father wanted him to be. In order to do so, he associates himself with a group of psychedelic rock fanatical thieves and forgers who call themselves "The Down With the Sun Society". "Mundo maravilloso" was a finalist of the "José Manuel Lara Foundation Award" of 2008 and has recently been translated to English (Harpercollins, 2009).
Wreath.
His most recent novel is "Corona de Flores" ("Wreath", 2010) (Random House-Mondadori, 2010), a Gothic crime novel, set in 19th century Barcelona.
Cinema.
Javier Calvo collaborates regularly as screenwriter with movie director Roger Gual, with whom he signed the script of "Remake" (Ovideo TV, 2005). They are currently working on the script for Gual's third feature film.
Style and Influences.
Javier Calvo's style has been described as ""post-urban grotesque"" by Spanish critic Julio Ortega. Among his literary influences are Jane Austen, E.M. Forster, Aleister Crowley, Pamela Lyndon Travers, B.S. Johnson, Juan Benet, Joan Perucho, J.G. Ballard, Iain Sinclair, Roberto Bolaño and Rodrigo Fresán. Cinematic influences include David Lean, Jean Eustache, Alan Clarke and Mike Leigh.
Works.
"Risas enlatadas" ("Laugh Tracks"), Grijalbo-Mondadori, 2001 (ISBN 84-397-0732-0)
"El dios reflectante" ("The Reflecting God"), Random House-Mondadori, 2003 (ISBN 84-397-0982-4)
"Los ríos perdidos de Londres" ("The Lost Rivers of London"), Random House-Mondadori, 2005 (ISBN 84-397-1413-0)
"Mundo maravilloso" ("Wonderful World"), Random House-Mondadori, 2007 (ISBN 84-397-1352-5)
VV.AA., "Matar en Barcelona" ("To Kill in Barcelona"), (short story anthology), Alpha Decay, 2009.
"Corona de Flores" ("Wreath"), Random House-Mondadori, 2010

</doc>
<doc id="18734995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18734995" title="College of Liberal Arts">
College of Liberal Arts

College of Liberal Arts may refer to, among other things, any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18735003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735003" title="Luuurve is a Many Trousered Thing">
Luuurve is a Many Trousered Thing

Luuurve is a Many Trousered Thing (2007) is the eighth novel in the Georgia Nicolson series written by Louise Rennison. Published in July 2007. It is sold as Love is a Many Trousered Thing in the United States.
It follows Georgia as she struggles to decide which boy to go out with; the Sex God (Robbie) or the Luurve God (the Italian Stallion also known as Masimo). She also finds herself emotionally involved with Dave the Laugh, although he seems to be acting very strangely.
Title.
The title of the book is a quote from the book itself, as is tradition in the series. It is a play on the phrase "Love is a many-splendored thing." It is explained as meaning that someone can love more than one person simultaneously.
Metaphors.
Continuing the past metaphors of "the rack of love" and "the cakeshop of love", Georgia begins to refer to her possible boyfriends as different types of pastries. Masimo is labeled as the "Italian cakey", Robbie is known as the "Robbie Éclair", and Dave the Laugh is referred to as "Dave the Tart". As Georgia is exploring the differences between the three boys, Robbie wants Georgia back, saying that he misses her. Eventually Georgia picks Masimo, but that doesn't stop her from snogging Dave, and going "jelloid" when meeting Robbie.

</doc>
<doc id="18735057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735057" title="Chandeen">
Chandeen

Chandeen ( ) is a musical project from Frankfurt am Main, founded in 1990 and popular in the darkwave scene in the first half of the 1990s. The band refers to its own style as "Electronic poetry". From the middle of the 1990s, the band's style changed to a more pop-oriented sound with influences from rock and trip hop.
History.
Chandeen was founded in 1990 by Harald Löwy and Oliver Henkel, who had been working on musical experiments together from the winter of 1989. The name comes from a pet iguana owned by a friend of Löwy. In 1991 Aline Akbari joined, and additional singer Antje Schulz joined in 1992.
After two cassette releases, they came to the attention of Hyperium Records head Oliver Rösch, who signed them. Aline Akbari left the group shortly before the signing and was replaced by Catrin Mallon. Under this lineup they recorded their first two full-lengths, "Shaded by the Leaves" and "Jutland".
In the process of the studio work for "Jutland", internal differences arose between the members, and Catrin Mallon and Oliver Henkel left the group in 1994. The pair went on to collaborate on the project Edera, which produced only one album (1996's "Ambiguous") before dissolving.
New singer Stephanie Härich joined for the 1995 EP "Light Within Time", taking Mallon's place. She had previously worked with Harald Löwy on the project Incept Date, singing background vocals on their "Archipelago" album in 1994.
After several releases on Hyperium, the group separated from that label and began releasing on Synthetic Symphony, a sublabel of SPV GmbH. Their 1998 single "Skywalking" was broadcast on MTV Europe and VIVA, and the band made appearances on NBC Giga, but the exposure did not bring them widespread success.
Harald Löwy created his own independent label, Kalinkaland, in 2001, which became the primary vehicle for the release of Chandeen's music. Several further releases followed before the group broke up. In 2007 Löwy reactivated the project, releasing a new album, "Teenage Poetry", in 2008. Julia Beyer joined for this release.

</doc>
<doc id="18735077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735077" title="Low Islands">
Low Islands

The Low Islands are one of the many uninhabited Canadian arctic island groups in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut. They are located in Ungava Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="18735084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735084" title="Russian Amateur Radio Union">
Russian Amateur Radio Union

The Russian Amateur Radio Union (in Russian, Союз радиолюбителей России, Romanized as Soyuz Radiolyubitelei Rossii) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Russia. The organization often uses SRR as its official abbreviation, based on the standard Romanization of the Russian name. The organization was founded in 1992.
SRR promotes amateur radio by sponsoring amateur radio operating awards and radio contests. SRR will be the host organization for the 2010 World Radiosport Team Championship, to be held in Moscow. The SRR also represents the interests of Russian amateur radio operators and shortwave listeners before Russian and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. SRR is the national member society representing Russia in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18735108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735108" title="Ward's Island Beach and Island Beach">
Ward's Island Beach and Island Beach

Ward's Island Beach and Island Beach are two of three beaches on Toronto Islands. Ward's Island Beach is located on the island east end near the Eastern Gap. Island Beach is located on the south side of the island and faces out to Lake Ontario. The beach is actually two beaches with the portion west of the Lookout Pier called Manitou Beach. The eastern boundary is near the western end of the boardwalk from Ward's Island.
Hanlan's Point Beach is located on the west side of the island and faces Toronto Harbour.

</doc>
<doc id="18735123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735123" title="Juan José Tramutola">
Juan José Tramutola

Juan José Tramutola (October 21, 1902 — November 30, 1968) was an Argentine football coach. He notably helped the Argentine national team to a win at the 1929 Copa América and a second-place at the inaugural World Cup held in Uruguay. Along with Francisco Olazar, the two functioned as the two coaches of the team. Tramutola's title was that of "technical director". In doing so, he received the honour of being the youngest coach ever at the World Cup, being just 27 years and 267 days when Argentina played the first match against France.
Juan José Tramutola was from January to July 1938 coach of CA Boca Juniors and led the team to fifth place in the championship. 1948 he coached Ferrocarril Oeste, which played then in the second division.

</doc>
<doc id="18735140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735140" title="Barefoot Gen (1983 film)">
Barefoot Gen (1983 film)

Plot.
The story begins on August 4, 1945, in Hiroshima with the everyday life of Gen Nakaoka, his younger brother Shinji, their father Daikichi, elder sister Eiko, and pregnant mother Kimie, during the final days of World War II.
The beginning of the plot focuses on the Nakaoka family's struggle to survive as shortages of food and other items continue to worsen throughout Japan. Like the other residents, the family wonders why Hiroshima has so far suffered almost no damage, since massive fleets of American B-29 Superfortress bombers have already devastated nearly all of Japan's other major cities.
At night, the family is awakened by an air raid siren and take refuge in their bomb shelter, but soon becomes clear that this is yet another false alarm. During one ordeal, Gen's father Daikichi again questions why so many American aircraft are constantly flying over Hiroshima without dropping any bombs, and expresses his fear that Hiroshima has been deliberately preserved and studied for a unique and terrible purpose.
Gen and Shinji try and help their family by working tirelessly in the family's wheat field, or attempting to find food for their pregnant mother Kimie, who has grown ill from malnutrition. When a neighbor tells them Carps blood helps people with malnutrition get better, they set out to get a carp...from an old man's pond. When the boys get caught stealing the fish, the old man hits Gen. Gen tells the man he can hit him all he wants if the old man lets them keep the carp, and Shinji says the old man can hit him, too. When the old man asks why they want the carp so bad, they explain that their mother needs it or she might die. The old man, who is impressed by their efforts, allows them to keep the carp for their mother, and apologises for hitting Gen.
On the morning of August 6, Shinji shows his Father a wooden boat Gen made for him, and tells his Father that Gen promised to take him to the river to set it afloat after he returns from school. Gen leaves his home around 7:40 in the morning. Upon reaching his school at approximately 8:15, Gen and a female friend take notice of a single B-29 aircraft flying far overhead. Like other Hiroshima residents, they are not concerned, since they decide that a single aircraft cannot possibly pose any kind of threat. As this occurs, his father, sister, and brother watch and discuss as an army of ants enters their home in large numbers, while his mother hangs clothes on a clothesline on a second-floor balcony of the house. Gen, who is tossing a pebble up and down, drops it and bends over to pick it up. Suddenly, there is a blinding flash of white light, which horribly burns Gen's friend and the eyes of nearby people begin to melt as their skin burns away. Gen's father, sister and brother are buried by their collapsing home, and Gen's mother falls from the balcony. Gen is protected from the flash because he was bent down on the other side of a stone wall, but is blown back by the shock wave, and is buried under some rubble. Several explicit and dramatic scenes throughout Hiroshima show the effects of the explosion, as buildings are destroyed and people are literally evaporated.
After the explosion scene ends, a long sequence documenting the immediate horrors of the bomb begins: including the death of his friend, his horror at the catastrophic destruction surrounding him, and the sight of horribly burned and mutilated people wandering aimlessly through streets. Gen wonders out loud if they are ghosts, since it is hard to tell if they are dead or alive. Gen's mother has survived with only minimal injuries, but Gen's father, sister and little brother are trapped under the ruins of the house. Despite their efforts, Gen and his mother cannot rescue them, and as the surrounding firestorm approaches, Gen's father orders them to escape, while telling Gen that he must now protect his mother and her unborn child. As Gen drags his mother away, the two watch helplessly as the family home is consumed by fire, and are forced to listen to the screams of their family members as they slowly burn to death. This causes Gen's Mother's mind to snap momentarily and she begins to laugh in a fit of hysterics, but Gen forces her to keep moving. Soon after, Gen and his mother are taken to a safer area by a neighbor, where his mother gives premature birth to a baby girl. Gen leaves to find items and a midwife but is unable to and aids in the birth himself. He notes that his little brother was wrong about what the baby's gender would be, and screams (to his dead family) that "She's the most beautiful baby girl in the world and you don't even get to see her!" He then starts to search for food or help but is unable to find either, as everyone he encounters is either injured or dead and everything of value has been destroyed or is on fire.
Later that night, Gen is unable to sleep due to the horrifying screams of burned survivors nearby. He and his mother decide to get up and give the people water, as they are clamoring out of thirst, only to discover that they die soon after drinking it; they soon realize that thirst was the only instinct keeping them alive.
By August 8, Gen finds that soldiers have entered the city and are distributing rice, but arrives to too late, only to find them collecting corpses before burning them in mass graves. He finds a fireman's hat which becomes a signature part of his character. A short time later, he finds a soldier shivering from cold, despite the intense summer heat. Gen then notices that the soldier is losing his hair; when Gen tries to talk to him, the soldier begins defecating and vomiting blood. He takes the soldier to the Red Cross hospital only to find out that he is being left for dead by the doctors there, who are puzzled by the soldiers strange symptoms but have no cure for this unknown sickness. Simultaneously, his mother attempts to find milk for the baby as her breasts have run dry, and clamors to find a feeding mother to give her some, only to find a baby attempting to nurse from his mother's corpse. Another woman then attacks her and attempts to kill the baby, but quickly changes her mind, pointing out her baby has died and she has reacted out of despair. In her change of heart, she breastfeeds Kimie's baby.
After several days of wandering around for food, Gen finds a ration storehouse containing rice, only to find that most of it has been seared by the heat of the blast. After digging through and onto the lower bags in the stack, he then finds that some have not been seared and takes them to his mother to eat along with some fresh vegetables. Gen and his mother then decide to name the baby girl Tomoko, which they explain means "friend" as Gen hopes she will be surrounded by many friends all her life. 
Gen and his mother take refuge in a makeshift shack, and on August 16, dig up the skulls of their dead family members from the ruins of the former home. As they collect the remains, a passing family informs them that the war has finally ended, but only because Japan has surrendered unconditionally to the Allied powers. Gen and his mother respond angrily; his mother furiously stating that peace has come too late, and lamenting that had their leaders ended the war just a few days earlier, Hiroshima would not have been destroyed. Soon after, Gen discovers his hair has started to fall out, and remembering the stricken soldier, panics, only to be reassured by his mother.
In the shack, Gen (who is now bald) and his mother eat as little of the rationed rice as possible in an attempt to save it while Tomoko sleeps, when a small boy, Ryuta, attempts to steal the rice. Gen stops him and brings him back only to be shocked by his physical resemblance to his younger brother Shinji. After speaking with Ryuta and feeding him, Gen and his mother learn he has been orphaned by the atomic bomb, and soon decide that he can stay with them; Gen's mother stating that she would wish for someone to look after Shinji in a similar situation. Surprised by their compassion, Ryuta begins to cry as they do their best to comfort him.
Soon after, Gen is cheered up by Ryuta, who has come to call him older brother, something which makes Gen feel proud and gives him a strong connection to his new friend. The following day, Gen and Ryuta head out to find food as Tomoko is suffering from malnutrition due to lack of milk, and are picked up by a man from out of town who takes them to tend for his sick brother, another bomb survivor, for 10 Yen per day. The two accept and find the man they will take care of has been horribly injured by the bomb, and is crude, rotting, and angry, his family rejecting him and his attitude. Despite his harshness, Gen and Ryuta decide to stay and take care of him regardless. At one point they decide that the money's not worth it, and slap him and call him a spoiled brat, but just as they are about to leave, the man begs them to come back, and even asks them to hit him again. The man explains to the confused boys that he never gets human contact and the only company he gets are the boys who are paid to take care of him, who usually end up leaving. The two boys were the only ones who treated him like more than a rotting corpse. Feeling sorry for him, Gen tells Ryuta to tell his mother where they are, and stays with the man. Gen even spends the night with him, inspiring him to paint once again. Due to their commitment, when all of the others hired to care for him gave up or failed, the man's brother pays them 100 Yen, and the boys head out to find milk quickly, in hopes of bringing it back to feed Tomoko. As they arrive with the milk, they learn they are too late, as Tomoko has already died of malnutrition. Later, her body is then burned in a pyre, and Gen, angry and frustrated, cries out to his father for guidance.
Despite hearing that no grass would grow in Hiroshima for seventy years, Gen and Ryuta find that the wheat is starting to grow, and Gen is excited to discover his hair is also growing back. Gen remembers how his Father told them no matter how much wheat is beaten down, it always grows back, and that his sons should be like the wheat. In his newfound optimism, Gen remembers the promise he made to Shinji of taking him to the river after school, and so, he builds a new wooden boat, placing a candle on to the top. Two weeks after the bomb, Gen takes Ryuta and his mother to the river, where they light the candle and release the boat. They then watch and pray as the boat gently sails into the sunset, a symbol that despite the terrible events they have endured, those who have survived must continue to live on, as there will always be hope for a brighter future.
Cast.
English Version.
In the English-dubbed version of the film, "Gen Nakaoka" is voiced by Catherine Battistone and "Kimie Nakaoka" is voiced by Barbara Goodson. The characters of "Shinji Nakaoka", "Eiko Nakaoka", and "Ryuta Kondo" are voiced by Wendee Lee. Additional voices were provided by Ardwight Chamberlain, Joyce Kurtz, Michael McConnohie, Iona Morris, Mike Reynolds, Brianne Siddall, Kirk Thornton and Dan Woren.

</doc>
<doc id="18735149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735149" title="Cynergy Shotgun">
Cynergy Shotgun

The Browning Cynergy Over and Under Shotgun is a firearm introduced by Browning in 2004. It is considered by most to be the first Over and under shotgun to depart from the basic design criteria that had been associated with over and unders since the early 20th century. 
The Browning Company also makes the Browning Citori line of over and under shotguns. The Cynergy and the Citori are manufactured at the Miroku Firearms Manufacturing plant in Kochi, Japan. The Cynergy is substantially different in its design from the original Browning Superposed designed by John Moses Browning, and its successor the Citori (which is largely derivative in design from the Superposed.)
Mechanism differences.
Mechanical Trigger: Based on the trigger system found in a rifle, Cynergy shotguns feature a reverse striker. The reverse striker is a mechanical trigger system that uses an actuator to reverse the direction of the impact force from the spring to the firing pin. Essentially, when the action opens up, the strikers must cock by a `pull' rather than a `push.'" This design offers the benefit of reduced locktime.
Monolock Hinge: The purpose of this design is to create a lower profile receiver. The system integrates the hinge and locking system. The MonoLock Hinge pivots on significantly more surface area than guns with conventional low profile receivers. Rectangular locking pins provide additional strength while a wear-in relief feature allows for wear without hindering lock-up.
History of the design.
The beginning of the Cynergy technically begins with the original B-25 Superposed, designed by John M. Browning in 1928 and finished for production using a single trigger with barrel selector by his son Val Browning by 1939. Production continued on the Superposed until production costs hurt the Superposed in the marketplace during the late 1960s. The basic design was taken to Browning's partner, the Miroku Company in Japan, and in 1971 the Citori over and under went into production. From that point the Citori took the place of the Superposed as the primary Browning over and under shotgun.
In the early 1990s the idea of a complementary gun to the Citori was being discussed by all the Browning design teams in Belgium, Utah and in Japan. 
In 1994, at a management retreat in Alaska, the worldwide team determined to begin exploring ideas. Independent design projects began and in 1996 the teams came together in Belgium to discuss three basic ideas. First was a design with a reverse-type hinge system presented by Joseph Rousseau, a master Browning gun designer from Belgium, now living in Morgan, Utah. The second was a low profile receiver concept being worked on by the experienced Browning designer Joseph Mardaga, who was a member of the Browning R&D team in Herstal, Belgium. Third was a design featuring a double firing pin concept specifically created to provide exceptionally fast lock times. 
About this time Dwight Potter joined Browning as a gun designer in Morgan, Utah. Potter had worked for many years prior designing robotic manipulators . . . telerobotics systems used on everything from submarine manipulators to animatronics at some of the world's most famous theme parks. 
By 1997 the Cynergy project became official under the code name of "Sheik" and Potter was put on the project full-time as lead designer, working closely with Master Browning gun designer, Joseph Rousseau, who was now the firm's VP of Research and Development. 
The Cynergy design was to be based on the reverse hinge concept put forward by Rousseau several years earlier With the decision to proceed Potter designed all the internal mechanisms. This took over two years of design work resulting in the first prototype coming out of Browning's model shop in Morgan, Utah in 1999. Both Potter and Rousseau are listed on the patent documents for this design. 
Working closely with Rousseau, Potter designed the Cynergy's reverse striker system which assured very fast lock times. He created a striker type ejection system and integrated a toggle-type safety/selector. Potter's design assured good function with the mechanical triggers via a design utilizing an inertia block that prevents doubling while preserving fast lock times. 
By 2001 Browning partner, Miroku, had produced the first design verification prototypes.
In 2004, the new Cynergy was introduced to the public at the annual Shooting, Hunting and Outdoor Trade Show (SHOT Show) - a full decade after the original ideas were discussed in Alaska.
Many have called the Browning Cynergy "revolutionary". Ever since the invention of the Browning Superposed over and under, most manufacturers have relied on the basic principles incorporated by John M. Browning to create their own over and unders, each one adapting and evolving from previous designs. The Cynergy represents the first major rethink of the over and under concept in nearly a Century. As such, it incorporates all of the most desirable features every shooter wants. The Cynergy achieves them through forward thinking ideas and manufacturing methods, in the same manner John M. Browning did when he broke new ground with his designs starting over 125 years ago. From a historical point of view, the Cynergy shows that the innovative thinking started by John M. Browning is still alive and well at Browning today. 

</doc>
<doc id="18735159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735159" title="Sheik Karimal Makdum Mosque">
Sheik Karimal Makdum Mosque

The Sheik Karim al Makdum Mosque is located in Tubig Indangan, Simunul, Tawi-Tawi. It is the oldest mosque in the Philippines and a National Cultural Treasure. The mosque was built by an Arab trader, Sheik Makhdum Karim in 1380. The original pillars of the old mosque can still be found inside the new building.

</doc>
<doc id="18735177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735177" title="List of US dialysis providers">
List of US dialysis providers

List of United States dialysis providers:

</doc>
<doc id="18735182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735182" title="David Sawer">
David Sawer

David Sawer (born September 14, 1961) is a British composer of opera and choral, orchestral and chamber music. 
Biography.
Sawer was born in Stockport, England. He studied music at the University of York where he began composing for contemporary music-theatre pieces. He directed the UK premieres of Kagel's "Kantrimiusik" and "Mare Nostrum" at the ICA, appeared as soloist in "Phonophonie", and conducted the UK premiere of Kagel's "Szenario" at the South Bank Centre, London. 
In 1984 he won a DAAD scholarship to study with Mauricio Kagel in Cologne. Even from this point his career, Sawer's music tends to define each piece within theatrical terms. Indeed, Sawer has described himself as a "theatre person". His works often reference the visual arts, and in particular surrealist imagery. For example, his piano piece, "The Melancholy of Departure" was inspired by the shadowy and irrational perspectives of a De Chirico painting.
In 1992 Sawer was awarded the Fulbright-Chester-Schirmer-Scholarship and lived in the USA for a year. His compositional career was supported by further awards and fellowships, including a Paul Hamlyn Foundation Award in 1993, and a residence with the Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra in 1996. He teaches composition at the Royal Academy of Music, London.
Sawer has received numerous commissions that have resulted in impressive works for the concert hall, dance, film, theatre and radio. His 50-minute radio composition "Swansong" (1989), a collage of orchestral, choral and electronic sounds, conjuring the musical utopia envisioned by the dying Berlioz, won a Sony Radio Award and a Prix Italia Special Mention.
If Sawer's early work reflected a variety of influences – from Igor Stravinsky to György Ligeti and Luciano Berio – these have been shed, gradually, as he matured. Certain characteristics remain from his early music: for instance the blurring of background and foreground in his first orchestral work, "Trompe l'oeil" (1982; since withdrawn).
Selected works.
Stage works.
Recent works include "Flesh and Blood", a dramatic scene for two voices and orchestra, premiered at the Barbican by the BBC Symphony Orchestra conducted by Ilan Volkov, with soloists Christine Rice and Marcus Farnsworth, "Wonder", for SATB choir, included in the Choirbook for the Queen, a concert suite of " Rumpelstiltskin ", premiered by BCMG at the Wigmore Hall, conducted by George Benjamin, and "The Lighthouse Keepers", a radio play based on a Grand Guignol play, adapted by David Harrower, for the 2013 Cheltenham Festival. Future works include commissions for Onyx Brass/2014 New Music Biennial, Aurora Orchestra and the GrauSchumacher Piano Duo.

</doc>
<doc id="18735203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735203" title="Hillside Club">
Hillside Club

The Hillside Club is a neighborhood social club established in 1898 by residents of Berkeley, California's newly formed Northside neighborhood to protect the hills from unsightly grading and unsuitable buildings, and took its cue from the Arts and Crafts movement. Prominent early club members included architects Bernard Maybeck and John Galen Howard, author Charles Keeler and journalist Frank Morton Todd.
Maybeck designed the original 1906 clubhouse, which was destroyed in the 1923 Berkeley Fire. Maybeck's brother-in-law John White designed the current clubhouse in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="18735217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735217" title="Red, Yellow &amp; Blue">
Red, Yellow &amp; Blue

Red, Yellow & Blue is the debut album by the indie-rock band Born Ruffians. It was released on March 4, 2008 in the United States and Canada and May 26 in the UK/Europe. "Hummingbird" was the first single off the album, followed by "Foxes Mate for Life". The band teamed up with Rusty Santos, collaborator for Animal Collective and Grizzly Bear, to produce this album. It was recorded at Chemical Sound in Toronto, except the track "Hedonistic Me," which was recorded at Sleepytown Studio (Toronto).

</doc>
<doc id="18735220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735220" title="Roel Koolen">
Roel Koolen

Roel Koolen (born April 20, 1982 in Mierlo) is a Dutch baseball player who currently plays for Kinheim and the Dutch national team.
Koolen made his Hoofdklasse debut at the Twins Sporting Club in 1998. He played for the Dutch junior team in the 1999 World Junior Championship and 2000 World Junior Championship. In 2000, Koolen moved to DOOR Neptunus and helped the team win the Holland Series in 2001, 2002, 2004 and 2005 (he was not on the team in 2003). In the 2004 playoffs, he was named MVP. During 2003 and 2004, he spent time in College in the United States. He was 3 for 17 with 3 walks in 16 games for the 2003 VCU Rams. In 2004, he hit .210/.300/.290 in 26 games.
Returning to the Netherlands full-time in 2005, the 23-year-old hit .253/.345/.326 in 26 games for Neptunus and fielded .889. He was 6 for 16 with 3 doubles in the Holland Series as the team won the title. Koolen was 4 for 9 in the 2006 Haarlem Baseball Week. After his move to Kinheim for the 2006 Hoofdklasse season, Koolen hit .324/.435/.426 with 27 walks in 42 games. He was 5th in the league in OBP and tied Eugene Kingsale, Tjerk Smeets and Evert-Jan 't Hoen for fifth in walks. He only hit .190/.292/.190 in the Holland Series but Kinheim won the title, breaking the long run by Koolen's old Neptunus mates. He was one for two with a run and RBI as Michael Duursma's backup at 2B in the 2006 Intercontinental Cup.
In 2007, Koolen hit .386/.525/.534 with 22 walks and 21 runs in 26 games. He lost the batting title by six points to Danny Rombley, was second to Fausto Alvarez in slugging and led the league in OBP. He tied for second in the league in triples (3). He was just 2 for 12 with a double in the 2007 Holland Series but Kinheim still won. In the 2007 European Cup, Koolen was 4 for 20 with a double and a triple as Kinheim won its first European Cup ever. He was 6 for 23 in the 2007 World Port Tournament. For the 2007 Baseball World Cup, Koolen replaced Yurendell de Caster at second base for the Dutch national team. He started ahead of Michael Duursma, who had had a much better career in NCAA Division I than Koolen. Koolen hit .267/.267/.267 in 8 games but the Netherlands still finished 4th, tying their best finish ever. Koolen hit .294/.409/.471 in the 2008 European Cup in Grosseto to help them win the Cup. In the 9th inning of the Gold Medal game, he tripled against Linc Mikkelsen and scored on a René Cremer sacrifice fly to force extra innings against Montepaschi Grosseto and give Kinheim their chance to win. 
Koolen was selected by coach Robert Eenhoorn in the team that represents the Netherlands at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18735233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735233" title="Russell Maliphant">
Russell Maliphant

Russell Maliphant (born 18 November 1961 in Ottawa, Canada) is a British choreographer who trained at the Royal Ballet School and graduated into Sadler’s Wells Royal Ballet before leaving to pursue a career in independent dance. As a performer Maliphant worked with companies such as DV8 Physical Theatre, Michael Clark & Company, Laurie Booth Company and Rosemary Butcher. He has studied anatomy, physiology, bio-mechanics, and the Rolfing Method of Structural Integration. In April 2000, he received an Arts Council Fellowship. He has created over 20 pieces to date, collaborating closely with lighting designer Michael Hulls, and has set works on renowned companies and artists including: Lyon Opera Ballet, Ricochet Dance Company, The Batsheva Ensemble and Ballet de Lorraine.
In 2003, Russell created "Broken Fall" with Sylvie Guillem and George Piper Dances and music by Barry Adamson. "Broken Fall" premiered at the Royal Opera House in December 2003 and was awarded an Olivier Award in 2003. Rise and Fall – an evening of work at Sadler’s Wells Theatre including "Broken Fall" – was awarded a Critic’s Circle National Dance Award for Best Choreography (Modern) in 2006.
"Broken Fall" marked the beginning of a collaborative relationship with Sylvie Guillem, which has seen further fruit with the award winning "Push" and "Solo". These two works premiered at Sadler’s Wells in Autumn 2005 in a programme entitled "PUSH", which has subsequently toured to sell-out audiences in France, Italy, Spain, Germany and America. The duet "Push" danced by Guillem and Maliphant has been presented by The Tokyo Ballet in Tokyo and on tour in Japan. Maliphant received a South Bank Show Award and an Oliver Award (2006) for the work; Guillem also received a Time Out Live Award for Solo (2006). This collaboration with Guillem continued in 2009 with the premiere of a new production, Eonnagata, created with the Canadian Director Robert Lepage. Eonnagata is touring through 2012
Russell does however continue to work with his own company, the Russell Maliphant Company, which acts as his creative lab for the development and presentation of new work. In the past two years, the Company have been touring Push, reworked for and presented by two of the company dancers, alongside the new female quintet, Transmission, and a new male solo, Flux. In 2007,the Company featured in Cast No Shadow, a new work exploring the ideas of identity and migration created in collaboration with the visual artists Isaac Julien which was presented at Sadler’s Wells and BAM in New York.
Russell Maliphant is Associate Artist at Sadler’s Wells and Wycombe Swan. In 2011, he was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Arts by Plymouth University.

</doc>
<doc id="18735238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735238" title="Mary Kelly (writer)">
Mary Kelly (writer)

Mary Theresa Kelly née Coolican (London,1927 - ) is Scottish a writer of crime novels. She received M.A. degree from University of Edinburgh in 1951. She married Dennis Charles Kelly in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="18735271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735271" title="Drew Jarvis">
Drew Jarvis

Drew Jarvis is an Australian children's television presenter who has appeared on television programmes The Shak and Lab Rats Challenge. He married Lucy Flook in 2009.
Biography.
Drew Jarvis grew up in Rockhampton, Queensland and was interested in film technology and the entertainment industry. When Drew was in year 7, he and his friends recorded their own shows on cassette tapes and then give them to classmates. A year later he transferred to Glenmore State High School and started studying film and television also making short films in his spare time. In 199 Drew moved to the Gold Coast where he attended Griffith University where he studied for a Bachelor of Arts degree. After graduating he performed in many shows at the Gold Coast Arts Centre’s Comedy Clubhouse while also working as a street performer in Warner Bros. Movie World as characters such as The Penguin, Dr. Evil and Willy Wonka. In 2006 he received his first major hosting roll as Curio for the Channel 9 children's show The Shak. He then went on to be in many other television programs such as Lab Rats Challenge, Hole In The Wall and Pyramid.

</doc>
<doc id="18735280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735280" title="Tattva (disambiguation)">
Tattva (disambiguation)

Tattva can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18735289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735289" title="Mineral, Texas">
Mineral, Texas

Mineral is an unincorporated community in northwestern Bee County, Texas, United States. It lies along local roads northwest of the city of Beeville, the county seat of Bee County. Its elevation is 335 feet (102 m). Although Mineral is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 78125.

</doc>
<doc id="18735292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735292" title="Dotmocracy">
Dotmocracy

Dotmocracy is an established facilitation method for collecting and recognizing levels of agreement on written statements among a large number of people. Participants write down ideas on paper forms called "Dotmocracy sheets" and fill-in one dot per a sheet to record their opinion of each idea on a scale of “strong agreement”, “agreement”, “neutral”, “disagreement”, “strong disagreement” or “confusion”. Participants sign each sheet they dot and may add brief comments. The result is a graph-like visual representation of the group's collective opinion on each posted statement.
The term "dot-mocracy" is sometimes used to describe voting with dot stickers, also known as “multi-voting”, “dot-voting” or “voting with dots”. In multi-voting participants vote on their favorite options using a limited number of stickers or marks with pens - dot stickers being the most common. This sticker voting approach is more accurately described as cumulative voting.
Dotmocracy could be considered an application of range voting which has been shown to produce the lowest Bayesian regret among common voting methods, even when voters are strategic.
History.
In 2004, as part of an initiative to introduce more participatory democracy at Karma Food Co-op in Toronto, Canada, then president, Jason Diceman, introduced the use of Dotmocracy sheets where participants were invited to write ideas and apply dot stickers on a grading scale of "A - Strong Approval," "B - Approval," "C - Acceptance," "D - Concern," "F- Objection," or "? - Unclear” for each idea. 
Diceman published a revised version of the Dotmocracy sheet, along with defined steps and rules as part of his first Dotmocracy Handbook that was distributed at the 2006 National Conference on Dialogue & Deliberation in San Francisco, California. Diceman continues to release new versions of the Dotmocracy Handbook and Dotmocracy Sheets for free on the Dotmocracy Website.
The use of Dotmocracy sheets continues to be adopted by facilitators and organizations in Canada and internationally.
Process specifics.
The Dotmocracy process prescribes the following essential steps for large group decision-making:
The basic rules for Dotmocracy are as follows:
Dotmocracy is generally facilitated within a large meeting, but can also be conducted outside of meetings using a Dotmocracy wall where Dotmocracy sheets are posted on a wall with an open invitation for participation.
Relation to consensus decisions-making.
Dotmocracy sheets complement a consensus decision-making process by providing a simple way to visibly document levels of agreement among participants on a large variety of ideas. The Step-by-Step Process and Rules defined in the Dotmocracy Handbook reinforce consensus decision-making by promoting equal opportunity, open discussion, the drafting of proposals, the identification of concerns and the encouragement of idea modification.
Comparison to voting.
Although Dotmocracy could be considered an application of range voting, it is quite different than most common voting systems since it does not necessitate a choice between options. No participant is required or expected to consider every option. Each option is judged for its own merit. Those who record their opinion on each Dotmcoracy sheet are assumed to be a representative sample of the full group. Dotmocracy sheets are intended to help decision-makers recognize group preferences.

</doc>
<doc id="18735298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735298" title="Lavoie Islands">
Lavoie Islands

One of the uninhabited Baffin Island offshore island groups, the Lavoie Islands are located at the head of the Bernier Bay, approximately from its opening into eastern Gulf of Boothia. The islands are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18735308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735308" title="Supertest Petroleum">
Supertest Petroleum

Supertest Petroleum was an oil and gas company in Canada that operated from 1923 to 1973. Its head office was in London, Ontario. It marketed itself as "Canada's All-Canadian Company", and was acquired by BP Canada in 1971.
John Gordon Thompson (1894-1982), an operator of automobile service centres and manufacturer of tire repair and gasoline pumps, formed London Automotive Service Ltd. with James D. Good on 13 March 1923. They purchased the assets of the Energy Oil Company for $10,000. Energy Oil Company owned a run-down gas station on Dundas St. E. in London, Ontario, a bulk storage plant in London, and two fuel delivery tank trucks. Thompson was elected president and Good was named vice-president and secretary/treasurer. They adopted "Supertest" as the trademark name of their gasoline. 
On 23 May 1923, Supertest opened it first gasoline station at 362 Dundas Street E. Gas sold for 31 cents/gallon), and the station sold Mobiloil lubricants. The new company was not a refiner and sourced its gasoline and oil from Imperial Oil Ltd. 
In 1924, Supertest opened subsidiary companies in Hamilton and Ottawa. 
On 17 December 1925, Supertest Petroleum Corporation, Limited was incorporated. A subsidiary was formed in St. Thomas, Ontario. Bulk distributing plants were opened in Glencoe, Wingham and Seaforth, Ontario. 
In 1926, Supertest bought the Ensign Oil Company of Montreal, opened a bulk distributing plant at Port Robinson, Ontario, and amalgamated all of the subsidiaries companies into one major company known as "Supertest Petroleum Corporation Limited". Supertest registered the trademark "Hi Compression" for its new gasoline. 
In 1928, a tank ship, the M.S. "Supertest", was put into operation. It made deliveries to Kingston, Ottawa and Montreal until it was sold shortly after World War II. 
In 1932, Supertest registered the trademark "Wonder Gasoline". 
From 1928 to 1936, the company opened new divisions and established bulk plants throughout Ontario and Quebec. By 1936, Supertest owned and operated 342 stations with over 800 dealers in Ontario and Quebec and over 5000 consumer accounts. The company had over 100 trucks and 60 automobiles, and employed over 500 people. 
In 1944, the company sponsored the first "Supertest Stake Races" harness horse racing. In 1945, it began publishing "The Maple Leaf", a company magazine. 
In 1950 James D. Good Vice President of Supertest Oil died. His home on the southwest corner of Waterloo Street X Epworth Avenue eventually became the music school at the University of Western Ontario. 
In the mid-1950s, Supertest Petroleum opened an exploration office in Calgary, Alberta. By 1971, Supertest was producing about 3000 barrels per day, or about 10% of the sales of its gas stations
In 1966, Supertest sponsored the first Canadian tournament for the Ladies Professional Golf Association, the Supertest Ladies Open, at the Sunningdale Golf Club in London. Fifty of the world’s top women golfers competed for the Supertest Trophy. 
In 1971, Supertest was sold to British Petroleum Canada (BP). The familiar Supertest maple leaf logo was modified to incorporate the BP shield and to drop the "All-Canadian" slogan. By the end of 1973, the Supertest logo and name had been phased out by BP Canada. In 1983, BP Canada was purchased by Petro-Canada, which was then owned by the Government of Canada. Petro-Canada continues to use the Supertest name in their line of lubricants.
Source.
Supertest History

</doc>
<doc id="18735342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735342" title="Those We Leave Behind">
Those We Leave Behind

Those We Leave Behind is the second studio album by post-hardcore band I Am Ghost, and was released on October 7, 2008. The sound of the album is considerably different: after the departure of the band's female vocalist/violinist Kerith Telestai, I Am Ghost recorded more melodic, yet lyrically darker songs, with a stronger indication towards punk.
Album information.
I Am Ghost parted ways with their Christian band members, Brian Telestai (bass, keys, vocals) and his wife Kerith Telestai (violin, vocals) for many reasons, among those being their religious beliefs did not match the rest of the band. Telestai told interviewers that I Am Ghost was a Christian band, and would highlight the parts of lyrics from the band that she did not like. After the two members left, Ron Ficarro joined filling in for bass, and no replacement was made for Kerith Telestai.
Lead singer Steve Juliano discussed the new direction of the album:
Juliano wrote all of the lyrics on Those We Leave Behind. The album's music was primarily written by bassist Ron Ficarro with additional compositions from guitarist Timoteo Rosales III. On August 12, I Am Ghost uploaded the album version of "Bone Garden" onto their MySpace.

</doc>
<doc id="18735363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735363" title="Christopher P. Chisholm">
Christopher P. Chisholm

Christopher P. Chisholm (April 12, 1854 – after 1916) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Antigonish County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1891 to 1916 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Clydesdale, Nova Scotia, the son of Donald Chisholm, and educated at Saint Francis Xavier College. Chisholm was called to the bar in 1883 and set up practice in Antigonish. In 1890, he married Sarah Campbell. Chisholm was first elected to the provincial assembly in an 1891 by-election held after Angus McGillivray was elected to the House of Commons. In 1903, he was named a minister without portfolio in the province's Executive Council; he was named Commissioner of Public Works and Mines in 1907. In 1916, he was named to the province's Legislative Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18735380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735380" title="IGEL Technology">
IGEL Technology

IGEL Technology ( ) is a developer, manufacturer and distributor of thin client hardware and software headquartered in Bremen, Germany. According to the International Data Corporation (IDC), IGEL is one of the five biggest thin client manufacturers worldwide.
History.
IGEL Technology GmbH was started in 1989 as IGEL GmbH, developing and distributing the first multivideo graphic cards for UNIX environments. IGEL began developing and distributing computer terminals in 1992 and introduced its first modern thin client in 1997.
IGEL Technology is a subsidiary of the German-based Melchers-Group. In addition to its headquarters in Bremen and R&D center in Augsburg, Germany, IGEL holds subsidiaries in Reading (UK), Paris (France), Utrecht (Netherlands) and representative offices in Hong Kong, Singapore, Shanghai and Beijing. IGEL is also represented through distribution partners and authorized partners in the United States and more than 50 other countries.
In 2006, IGEL Technology became a member of Germany's Federal Association for Information Technology, Telecommunications and New Media (BITKOM).
Environmental impact.
ENERGY STAR compliance.
IGEL series UD2, UD3 and UD5 thin clients are compliant with ENERGY STAR Version 5.2 specifications. Specifications include: less than 15 watt in idle mode, less than 2.7 watt in sleep mode and Wake on LAN (WOL) functionality.
Fraunhofer studies.
The Fraunhofer Institute for Environmental, Safety and Energy Technology (UMSICHT) completed a study in 2008 consisting of an economical evaluation of IT technology across all phases of the life cycle, including production, use and recycling/disposal. The study found, among other things, that replacing a desktop PC with a thin client and terminal can reduce the emissions of a computer workstation by up to 54%.
In 2011, IGEL Technology commissioned a study from Faunhofer on the ecological impact of thin clients as compared to PCs. The study found that under equivalent usage, a thin client combined with a terminal server causes around 63% lower greenhouse gas emissions than a comparable desktop PC. A thin client combined with a desktop virtualization solution causes 30–42% lower greenhouse gas emissions than a comparable PC.
Products.
Hardware.
IGEL Technology’s product portfolio of Universal Desktop (UD) thin clients includes both traditional desktop thin clients and integrated LCD thin client units equipped with either Linux or Microsoft Windows operating systems.
Software.
IGEL thin clients come with a choice of one of three firmware packages:
IGEL Universal Desktop Converter (UDC) – used to implement the IGEL firmware on PCs, mini PCs/nettops and thin clients from third-party vendors
IGEL Universal Management Suite (UMS) – remote management software to manage the IGEL thin client infrastructure and converted desktop hardware
Competitors.
Competitors in the market include: Dell Wyse, Hewlett-Packard and Fujitsu, beside others.

</doc>
<doc id="18735389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735389" title="Chen Hang">
Chen Hang

Chen Hang (Traditional Chinese: 陳杭; Simplified Chinese: 陈杭) was born in 1931. She is a notable botanist and horticulturist. 
Career.
Chen was born in Guangde County, Anhui Province. In 1949, she studied in the Department of Horticulture, Zhejiang University. In 1953, she graduated from the Department of Horticulture, Zhejiang Agricultural College (previous and current Zhejiang University. 
Chen has worked in Beijing for a long time. Chen is a main founder of the modern Beijing Vegetable Research Center (BVRC; 北京蔬菜研究中心), and she is the current Director of the center. Chen is the Vice-president and a researcher of the Beijing Agriculture and Forestry Research Institute (北京農林科學院/北京农林科学院). She is also a part-time professor at Zhejiang University.
Recognition.
Chen is a director of the Chinese Horticultural Society.
In 1990, Chen was awarded the Veitch Memorial Medal (Gold), by the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS). She is the first Chinese to receive this honour. 

</doc>
<doc id="18735396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735396" title="Lusakn">
Lusakn

Lusakn () is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18735426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735426" title="Bill Wenzel">
Bill Wenzel

William Michael Wenzel (January 22, 1918 – May 12, 1987 was an American cartoonist best known as a widely published good girl artist for men's magazines.
Biography.
Bill Wenzel was born in Irvington, New Jersey His parents were from Hungary. In 1941 Wenzel was drafted into the Army.
His bawdy, cartoon spot illustrations were published over the course of several decades, from such publications as "Judge" in the 1940s to "Sex and Sexy" in the 1960s and 1970s, and particularly for the Humorama division of publisher Martin Goodman's variously titled corporations. Wenzel's work, which featured busty, big-eyed, yet innocently risque young women, was published in such magazines and digests as "Gaze", "Joker", "Jest", "Comedy", and "Stare". Most captions were written by the artist himself. In 1967 Wenzel drew illustrations for the book "Coffee, Tea or Me?" that, according to the author Donald Bain, "contributed significantly to the book's success".
In 1979, after having lived almost 30 years in Atlantic Highlands, New Jersey, Wenzel and his family moved to Naples, Florida, where he died in 1987 of lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18735445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735445" title="DC Talk discography">
DC Talk discography

The discography of DC Talk, a Christian music band formed in the late 1980s in Lynchburg, Virginia, consists of five studio albums, three extended plays, and twenty-three singles. The group consists of Toby McKeehan, Kevin Max, and Michael Tait. They began as a hip hop group, but in the mid-90s they reinvented themselves as a pop/rock group. In both instances, they found critical and commercial success in both the Christian music industry as well as the general market.
Original collaborations.
Note: This list is for dc Talk songs not found on dc Talk albums. Compilation albums (such as the "Wow" series) should not be listed here. "My Will" and "I Wish We'd All Been Ready" appear here because they were on these albums BEFORE they were on later dc Talk releases.
Vocal appearances.
This is a list of songs that include all three members of dc Talk.
Remixed songs.
This list is for dc Talk songs that were remixed without involvement from dc Talk, although they are still considered part of dc Talk's official discography. 
Videography.
Video contributions and interviews.
Note: This list is for dc Talk songs that were remixed without involvement from dc Talk, although they are still considered part of dc Talk's official discography. 

</doc>
<doc id="18735447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735447" title="Requiem (The X-Files)">
Requiem (The X-Files)

"Requiem" is the twenty-second episode and the finale of the seventh season the science fiction television series "The X-Files", and the show's 161st episode overall. It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on May 21, 2000. The episode was written by Chris Carter, and directed by Kim Manners. The episode helped to explore the series' overarching mythology. "Requiem" earned a Nielsen household rating of 8.9, being watched by 15.26 million viewers in its initial broadcast. The episode received mostly positive reviews from television critics. Many applauded the way it made the series' increasingly marginalized alien mythology relevant again, although others lamented the partial loss of David Duchovny.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. In this episode, Mulder and Scully return to the site of their first investigation together when a series of abductions take place. However, Scully's failing health, and Mulder's concern that she is in danger, cause him to take her off the case. Meanwhile, the Cigarette-Smoking Man (William B. Davis)—on his deathbed—reunites with Marita Covarrubias (Laurie Holden) and Alex Krycek in an attempt to revive the project.
"Requiem" was a story milestone for the series, featuring the alien abduction of Mulder. Mulder would appear sporadically in the next few seasons, only returning for about half of the episodes in season eight and only two lone episodes in season nine. Prior to being picked up for another season, however, many believed that the episode would serve as the series finale. As such, many elements from the show's pilot episode were brought in to bring the show closure and help it segue into a movie franchise.
Plot.
In Bellefleur, Oregon, Detective Miles drives to the scene of a reported air crash in the forest. As Miles arrives, his car's electricity cuts out, causing it to crash. After exiting the vehicle, an injured Miles finds his deputy sheriff, Ray Hoese, unconscious in his police cruiser. Miles is suddenly confronted by a man identical to Hoese who is bleeding green fluid, indicating he is an Alien Bounty Hunter.
Later, in Tunisia, Marita Covarrubias arranges for the release of Alex Krycek from a penal colony. Upon returning to the United States, the two meet with the wheelchair-bound Smoking Man, who tells them that an alien craft has crashed in Oregon. The Smoking Man sees the crash as a chance to rebuild the Project, but claims that finding it will be complicated. 
In Oregon, two teenage boys (Gary and Richie) are exploring the crash site when they encounter Deputy Miles, who denies any crash or the fire that was reported in the area. While they go through the area on their own, Gary is lifted off the ground and shaken like a rag doll by an invisible force, and Richie, although he stands within a few feet of him, can't see him. Meanwhile, in Washington, Fox Mulder receives a call from Billy Miles, an abductee from Bellefleur whom the agents investigated seven years prior. The younger Miles tells him about Hoese's disappearance, and his concern that the abductions have begun again. 
The following morning, Mulder and Dana Scully arrive in Bellefleur, where they investigate the road where the incidents took place. Upon meeting Billy, they find he has become a local police officer. The agents also meet "Detective Miles", unaware that he is a disguised Bounty Hunter who has killed Billy's father. At the scene of Hoese's disappearance, Scully finds three bullet casings, indicating that the deputy fired his weapon before vanishing. The agents later speak with Hoese's wife and are surprised when she is revealed to be Theresa Nemman, one of the other 1993 abductees. Later, while going through case files, Scully becomes ill.
That night, Theresa is awakened by someone at her door. Mulder and Scully arrive at Theresa's house to find it being investigated by police, with Billy informing them that Theresa was taken in the night and that nobody knows what happened. Scully suddenly feels nauseous, much to Billy's concern, but she quickly shakes it off. Later, while investigating the reported crash site, Scully is lifted and shaken just as Gary was. Mulder finds her nearly passed out on the ground.
At the Miles family home, Billy, now highly suspicious, enters and pulls his gun on the man who appears to be his father. After the confrontation, Billy relinquishes his gun, at which point the other man physically morphs and reveals himself to be the Alien Bounty Hunter. At that point, Mulder and Scully pull up and walk into the house, unable to locate Billy or his father.
When the agents return to Washington, Walter Skinner approaches Mulder and Scully in their office, where they are joined by Marita and Krycek. Marita reveals that the Smoking Man is dying and that he wants to find the UFO in Oregon to restart the Project. Krycek informs them that the UFO is hidden behind an energy field. The group, along with the Lone Gunmen, find evidence pinpointing the UFO's location. Mulder makes it clear to Scully that he is concerned for her health and refuses to let her accompany him back to Oregon. Reciprocating his concern, Scully refuses to let Mulder return alone; Skinner accompanies Mulder instead.
While investigating the incident back in Washington, Scully and The Lone Gunmen find evidence that it was Mulder, not Scully, who would be in danger at the Oregon abduction site. However, immediately upon discovering this, Scully is taken ill, and The Lone Gunmen have her rushed to the hospital.
Returning to Oregon, Mulder and Skinner travel to the woods, equipped with lasers for finding the UFO. Noticing a spot where the lasers cease in mid-air, Mulder walks through the force field. He finds and joins a group of abductees, including Billy and Theresa, standing below a pillar of light from a UFO; they are soon accosted by the Bounty Hunter. Mulder is abducted with the group while a stunned Skinner witnesses the UFO's departure.
At the Watergate, Krycek and Marita come to visit the Smoking Man, who is already aware of his plan's failure but is resigned to his fate. With Marita holding back his assistant, Krycek wheels the Smoking Man out of the room and throws him down a flight of stairs, presumably killing him. After being hospitalized, Scully tells Skinner that, although she cannot understand it — and that it is important that he keep it secret — she is pregnant.
Production.
Background and writing.
"Requiem" was written by series creator Chris Carter. While filming was underway for the seventh season, many members of the crew felt that the show had entered into its final season. Executive producer Frank Spotnitz later explained that "there was a pretty strong sentiment inside and outside the show that it was time to call it a day." As the season progressed, however, the idea of producing another season emerged. Paul Rabwin explained that, "we found ourselves starting to get energized again. [...] As we got toward the end of the season, everyone was kind of hopeful."
As such, when it came time to pen "Requiem", the producers found themselves at a crossroads. There were several ideas that were discussed on how to deal with the episode. The first idea was that "Requiem" could serve a series finale. Another idea that emerged was that the episode could function as either a cliffhanger for an eighth season or an "X-Files" movie. During the drafting of the script, there were also talks of crafting a two-hour episode, but these ideas were quickly discarded. The ending scene, featuring Scully revealing that she is pregnant, was written the day before it was filmed. Carter held it back because he did not want "the cat to get out of the bag." This decision was made to prevent leaks and spoilers on the internet.
The episode attempted to bring closure to several aspects of the series. In one sequence, Alex Krycek throws The Smoking Man down a flight of stairs, presumably to his death. Nicholas Lea, the actor who portrayed Krycek, noted: "That's one of the character's great moments, when I get to push Bill Davis down a set of stairs. In a sense, he has nothing to lose because his life's burned out. So death doesn't have the same terror that it would to a young happy chap." The episode also featured several tender moments between Mulder and Scully, which many fans found "nearly pornographic in the context of their long, chaste courtship", according to Matt Hurwitz and Chris Knowles in their book "The Complete X-Files". Gillian Anderson, however, defended the moments, arguing that there was ample amount of romance between Mulder and Scully prior to "Requiem".
Casting and filming.
Because there was still a chance that the seventh season may have been the show's last, the character of Billy Miles, played by Zachary Ansley and who originally appeared in the pilot episode, was brought back in and featured in "Requiem" to bring the series full-circle. Ansley would also appear in several eight season episodes as well. After the conclusion of the episode, David Duchovny expressed his desire to leave the series. He explained, "I was kind of a free agent after season seven, and to me, there was not much else to do in terms of the character. So it was really about me wanting to pursue other parts of my career as a writer, director, and actor." Rumors began spreading—and were eventually confirmed—that, since Duchovny had not expressed an interest to appear as a main character in the eighth season, that another character would take Mulder's place. Many fans on the internet believed that Mitch Pileggi, who portrayed Walter Skinner, would take the role; Pileggi later called this guess "ridiculous."
The episode was directed by Kim Manners. Manners originally thought that Chris Carter would have wanted to direct the episode, in case the episode would have been the show's last. Originally, Carter planned on it, but eventually relented and asked Manners to direct the episode. Manners later noted that he felt "very honored" by this gesture. Principal shooting for the episode began on April 20, 2000 on Soundstage 5 at the Twentieth Century Fox lot. Filming at the studio ended on Day 4, and subsequently, the cast and crew relocated to the mountains resort Big Bear, located near Big Bear Lake, California. The forests around the area provided an "ideal backdrop" for the bulk of the episode, which was supposed to take place in Oregon; the setting for both "Requiem" and the series pilot were supposed to take place in the same fictional city, Bellefleur. However, in the pilot, the outdoor scenes had originally been shot on location in Lynn Valley in North Vancouver, British Columbia, in the Lower Seymour Conservation Reserve—formerly known as the Seymour Demonstration Forest. Since production had moved from Vancouver to Los Angeles after the conclusion of the fifth season, a local California location was needed to stand in for Oregon.
The episode featured several elaborate effects, created through both digital and physical means. The scene wherein Scully encounters the alien forcefield was created by means of using a harness that hoisted Anderson into the air. Special effects producer Bill Millar created many of the special effects for the episode—including shots of the alien craft as well as its interaction with people—in a building in Big Bear. The episode contains a shot of Detective Miles morphing into the alien bounty hunter. In order to create the scene, various shots of Leon Russom and Brian Thompson were spliced together via blue screen technology. Producer Paul Rabwin called the shot "one of the best morphs we've ever done."
Themes.
"Requiem" explores Mulder's desire to leave his pursuit of the truth behind him. Michelle Bush, in her book "Myth-X" notes that the episode's theme, in a colloquial sense, is Mulder's "realization that maybe it's time to get out of the car". The irony of the episode, however, is that as soon as Mulder discovers absolute proof of alien life, he is subsequently abducted and taken away.
While in Skinner's office, the camera angles and position of the characters reveals that the scene is intended to be a recreation of Leonardo da Vinci's famous painting "The Last Supper". Skinner is standing in Saint Peter's spot, and Scully is standing in Judas Iscariot's place. Bush argues that, in this manner, the show is suggesting that Scully, like Judas, directly affects the fate of the savior, in this case Mulder. She notes that Scully's actions result in a fate that "could not be realized without her participation". This is not the first time Scully has been compared to Judas in the show; in the previous seventh season episode ""—which is heavily based on Nikos Kazantzakis's novel "The Last Temptation of Christ"—features Scully in a role with direct literary parallels to Kazantzakis's heroic interpretation of Judas.
Reception.
Ratings.
"Requiem" first aired on Fox in the United States on May 21, 2000. This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 8.9, with a 14 share, meaning that roughly 8.9 percent of all television-equipped households, and 14 percent of households watching television, were tuned into the episode. It was viewed by 15.26 million viewers. "Requiem" marked a 3.8 percent decrease in viewers from the sixth season finale, "Biogenesis" and a 14.4 percent decrease from the seventh season premiere, "The Sixth Extinction." The episode aired in the United Kingdom and Ireland on Sky1 on August 13, 2000 and received 1.00 million viewers, making it the most watched episode that week. On May 13, 2003, the episode was released on DVD as part of the complete seventh season. Two years later the episode was included on "The X-Files Mythology, Volume 3 – Colonization", a DVD collection that contains episodes involving the alien colonists.
Reviews.
The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics. Todd VanDerWerff of "The A.V. Club" awarded the episode a "B+". He argued that the episode was "the best season finale cliffhanger the show ever did", and compared it to the second season finale "Anasazi"; he noted that while the latter episode was "pretty amazing", "Requiem" has "a finality" to it and a "sense that nothing will ever be the same" that made its cliffhanger ending work. VanDerWerff also wrote that the nods to the pilot episode helped to show how far the series had evolved in seven years. Tom Kessenich, in his book "Examinations", gave the episode a largely positive review. Despite lamenting the loss of Fox Mulder, he noted that "the truth is "The X-Files" has been a show like no other and 'Requiem' proved once again there truly is a place for magic and beauty and love on the small screen and I am delighted to have witnessed it for seven seasons now." Kessenich later named the episode one of the "Top 25 Episode of All Time" of "The X-Files", ranking it at number 20.
Kenneth Silber from Space.com called the episode "intriguing" and felt that while ""The X-Files" "foundered" for a large portion of its seventh season, "Requiem" marked "a much-needed return to that mythology," and that it set "the stage for what might be an interesting eighth season." Rich Rosell from DigitallyObsessed.com awarded the episode 4.5 out of 5 stars and wrote that "A lot of characters out of the woodwork come back for the season-ending cliffhanger [...] But that's all window-dressing for a trio of big surprises that wrap up Season 7, in what many consider the show's death knell, or perhaps just a proper ending." Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", rated the episode four stars out of five. The two noted that, despite the fact that it capped-off a "lacklustre " season, the episode still managed to provide a good enough cliffhanger to hold fans until the premiere of the eighth season. Shearman and Pearson further noted that "against the odds, after all the disappointments of the year, 'Requiem' is strong enough to leave its audience wanting more."
Paula Vitaris from "Cinefantastique" gave the episode a more mixed review and awarded it two stars out of four. Despite noting that the episode was "the best mytharc episode and season finale in years", she called the episode's finale "one of the most egregious missteps yet in "The X-Files" mythology".

</doc>
<doc id="18735456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735456" title="List of rugby league stadiums by capacity">
List of rugby league stadiums by capacity

The following is a list of rugby league stadiums, ordered by capacity. Currently all stadiums with a capacity of 3,000 or more which are the current home venue of a rugby league club, or are the regular hosts of a major annual competition or event, are included.

</doc>
<doc id="18735483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735483" title="Raja Harsukh Rai">
Raja Harsukh Rai

Raja Harsukh Rai (राजा हरसुख राय) (early 19th century) the chief of the Agrawal community, and a builder of several Jain temples in and around Delhi, was the imperial treasurer during Sam. 1852-Sam. 1880.
When Shahjahan constructed his now capital city at Delhi in 17th century, he invited several Jain financiers to come and settle there. They included Sah Dipchand of Hissar, an Agrawal Jain, who constructed 16 havelis for his 16 sons in Dariba Kalan, south of Chandni Chowk. According to other accounts he was invited by Shah Alam II and had five sons.
Harsukh Rai, one of his descendants, was chosen to be the imperial treasurer by Emperor Shah Alam II, and was given the title Raja.
Harsukh Rai constructed a large and ornate Jain temple in the Dharampura locality of Old Delhi in 1807 during the rule of Mughal Emperor Akbar II with a cost of about 8 Lakh rupees, then an enormous amount. He was able to obtain the royal permission to construct a shikhara for the temple for the first time during the Mughal rule. Thus temple is known as the Naya Mandir (new temple), since an older Jain temple, now known as the Lal Mandir already existed.
When the temple construction was almost finished, Harsukh Rai stopped the construction. When the representatives of the Agrawal Jain community approached him and asked about it, he claimed that he has run out of money and needed donations from the community to finish the construction. After accepting modest donations, Harsukh Rai declared the temple to be panchayati (i.e. belonging to the community, rather than himself) and finished the construction.
During the festivities of temple consecration (Panch-kalyanak Pratishtha), the festive pandal was raided by a local group and the gold and silver objects (chhatra, chamar, utensils) were plundered. Harsukh Rai complained to the Emperor, who ordered that they be returned.
In Samvat 1867, he wanted to obtain the imperial permission for a rath-yatra (religious procession) that was traditionally prohibited. He had the Sunehri Masjid reguilded. As a reward, he asked the emperor permission to have the rath-yatra.
He and his son Suganchand built numerous Jain temples at 
The Delhi Rath Yatra.
During most of the Mughal period, the Jains were prohibited from taking out a religious procession. In samvat 1867 (1810 CE), Harsukh Rai was able to obtain the permission of the emperor to have a Jain religious procession.
The Rath Yatra caused considerable resentment among the non-Jains and resulted in some disturbances.
In 1877 CE, after the 1857 Ghadar, the Jains (called Sarawagi in the records) again sought permission to take out a permission to take out a procession with:
"50 muscicians, one elephant carrying a banner, seven camels bearing flags, fifty palanquins, three chariots ..".
This was again opposed by other religious groups which warned about "riots, looting, murder" etc. Eventually the Jains were able to take out the procession, but only through side-streets.
Prachin Shri Agarwal Digambar Jain Panchayat.
Seth Girdhari Lal, the son of Raja Shugan Chand, founded the organization Hissar Panipat Agarwal Jain Panchayat. It is now known as Prachin (i.e. old) Shri Agarwal Digambar Jain Panchayat. It is the oldest Agrawal Jain organization. It has been led by descendants of same family. The organization manages the historical Naya Mandir as well as the Lal Mandir.
The Panchayat has been active in promoting unity among Jains of different sectarian backgrounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18735490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735490" title="The Rebels (rockabilly band)">
The Rebels (rockabilly band)

The Rebels were a rockabilly band from Dallas, Texas that recorded "School of Rock 'n Roll" and "Straight Skirt" with Gene Summers. The group consisted of James McClung (guitar), Gary Moon (drums) and Benny Williams (slap bass). They were soon joined by pianist Bill Brown who played on some of their early personal appearances. They were one of the "first" rock 'n roll bands to record using the name Rebels (February 1, 1958) preceding Duane Eddy's Rebels by at least six months and the "Wild Weekend" Rebels by more than two years. 
The Rebels began their musical career in 1957 while in high school at Duncanville, Texas joining forces with another classmate and singer Gene Summers. They appeared together on high school assembly programs and soon were playing gigs at the Carswell Air Force Base in Grand Prairie, Texas. At one of these shows they met a country music comedian nicknamed "Cornbread" who was appearing on a TV show hosted by Neal Jones on KRLD-TV in Dallas. Cornbread was impressed with Summers and The Rebels and invited them to appear on the TV program. This led them to a regular, weekly spot on another television program, also on KRLD, called "Joe Bill's Country Picnic" in the fall of 1957. It was while appearing on this show that they were discovered by songwriter Jed Tarver. He wanted them to record some of his songs "Straight Skirt" "Nervous", "I'll Never Be Lonely", "Gotta Lotta That" and "Twixteen". With the assistance of their manager/agent, Thomas Wolverton, Tarver was able to get them an audition with Jan Records a newly formed Dallas label. 
Their first release on Jan was on February 1, 1958 and featured Tarver's "Straight Skirt" composition flipped with an original James McClung song "School of Rock 'n Roll". "Straight Skirt" became a regional chart hit and The Rebels found themselves appearing at record hops, concerts and radio and television shows throughout the country. After touring for several months, Williams and Moon decided to pursue other interests and left the band. McClung and Summers replaced them with other musicians and The Rebels continued to perform until 1961. After this, the group disbanded. Summers continued a solo career and was still recording and touring well into the 21st century in both the USA and abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="18735505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735505" title="John Watkins (photographer)">
John Watkins (photographer)

John Watkins (1823-1874) was an English portrait photographer. He and his brother, Octavius Charles Watkins (1836-1882), often worked together. They made studio portraits of artists and culturally influential people in the years between 1840 and 1875. 
Among their sitters were many notables of the Victorian era, including Charles Dickens, the Prince of Wales, John Stuart Mill, Thomas Carlyle, Charles Kingsley, Carlo Marochetti and many others. 

</doc>
<doc id="18735509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735509" title="Skin and Bones (Fear Itself)">
Skin and Bones (Fear Itself)

Skin and Bones is the eighth episode in the television series "Fear Itself" on NBC. The plot revolves around a man who becomes possessed by a Wendigo.
Plot.
Grady, a rural ranch owner, and his friends went out hunting in the cold mountains. Rowdy, his brother, has been tending to the farm in his absence. Ten days have passed and no one has heard from the hunting party. The sheriff and rescue parties have called off the search until the weather improves. Rowdy is preparing to go look for himself when he sees Grady hobbling towards the house. He, along with Eddie Bear, a Native American who lives with the family, rush out to help Grady. He is visibly injured, and suffering from frostbite.
When the family goes up to check on him, they notice that he doesn't look like he did before. That night Rowdy and Eddie Bear hear noises coming from the horse stables. They see that one of their horses has been slaughtered. The following day, Eddie Bear tells Grady about his uncle, who also disappeared in the woods and turned up days later, looking very much how Grady looks now. Later, Eddie Bear tells Rowdy that his uncle was possessed by a Wendigo, and murdered his family, ultimately being gunned down by the police. Eddie Bear believes Grady has been possessed as well, and tries to convince Rowdy.
Grady's wife, Elena checks on him. He speaks to Elena as the real Grady might have, explaining to her that he and his three fellow hunters got lost. To shelter themselves from the cold, they took refuge in a cave. Two went for help and never came back. Grady began hearing a voice that instructed him that he had to eat, and he implies that he killed and ate the other hunter. Elena is frightened as Grady suddenly appears as if he wants to eat her as well. Rowdy intervenes with a gun and Grady flees back to his room.
Eddie Bear walks upstairs to kill Grady, but is attacked and killed. Rowdy tries the same, but Grady successfully guilt-trips Rowdy into lowering the gun. Rowdy comes to his senses however, and raises the gun to shoot Grady, but is also attacked and killed. Elena hears the shot from the barn, and attempts to flee in the truck with her children, Derek and Tim, but is stopped by Grady. Derek and Tim hide as Grady drags Elena into the kitchen. He puts Rowdy's corpse on the table and instructs Elena to chop him up and cook him. 
She reluctantly does, trying to draw attention away from Derek loading a gun. Grady forces Elena to taste the corpse as Derek shoots Grady. Elena is injured and Grady escapes, but Elena instructs Derek to go find Tim before Grady does. The boys have a showdown with Grady, who now appears more monstrous than ever. Grady attacks Derek, telling them that he is not their father, their real father being Rowdy, whom Elena had been having an affair with for years. Grady is about to kill Derek when Elena shoots him. Grady drops dead, as the boys weep, held by their terrified mother.

</doc>
<doc id="18735566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735566" title="Partizak">
Partizak

Partizak ( - meaning "garden"; formerly, Bakhchajur) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18735593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735593" title="Martijn Meeuwis">
Martijn Meeuwis

Martijn Meeuwis (born July 14, 1982 in Moergestel) is a Dutch baseball player who currently plays for Neptunus and the Dutch national team.
Meeuwis debuted with the Twins Sport Club in 1999 as a teenager but did not return to the Hoofdklasse again until 2004, when he became a full-time player. When the Twins were relegated, Meeuwis moved to HCAW. In 2005, he hit .184/.266/.233 as a regular outfielder. In 2006, he was the club's regular center fielder, though he also filled in at second base. He hit .304/.377/.402 and led the league in triples (5). In 2007, Meeuwis really blossomed after joining DOOR Neptunus. He hit .301/.394/.500 with 37 RBI in 39 games while returning to catcher, his original position. He threw out 19 of 35 would-be base-stealers. He was 7th in 2007 Hoofdklasse in batting average, third in home runs (6) and second in RBI (six behind leader Tjerk Smeets). He was named as one of the three finalists for the league MVP award alongside Fausto Álvarez and Danny Rombley; Álvarez won.
Meeuwis joined the Dutch national team when Johnny Balentina, another C-OF, was injured. He was part of the team's historic first visit to the United States, which included a win over the college edition of Team USA. He played also in the 2007 World Port Tournament, going 1 for 6. Balentina was back with the team for the 2007 European Championship but Meeuwis replaced him once more for the 2007 Baseball World Cup. He was 3 for 10 with 2 walks and a double in the World Cup that year, helping fill in for CF Roger Bernadina. He had a key role in the Dutch win over host Chinese Taipei in the quarterfinals. En-Yu Lin had retired 13 batters in a row and held a 2-0 lead when Meeuwis walked and came around to score on a hit by Reily Legito. Gregory Halman later replaced Meeuwis in center in that game. Meeuwis hit .231/.375/.231 in the 2008 European Cup in Regensburg. 
Meeuwis was selected by coach Robert Eenhoorn in the team that represents the Netherlands at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18735599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735599" title="Blagoje Simić">
Blagoje Simić

Blagoje Simić (born on 1 July 1960 in Bosanski Šamac, Bosnia and Herzegovina, then Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia) is a Serbian war criminal who is sentenced by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) for his crimes during the Bosnia war. He completed medical school in Tuzla in 1984 and in that same year started to work as a physician at the Medical Centre in Bosanski Šamac. In 1991 he obtained his residency in the field of internal medicine, which he then changed to epidemiology due to the war necessities. He became a member of the Serbian Democratic Party (SDS) in the summer of 1990, and was the President of SDS Municipal Board in Bosanski Šamac from 1991 to 1995. He was heading the SDS list in the elections of 1990. He was vice-chairman of the Municipal Assembly from 1991 through 17 April 1992.
War crimes and indictment.
The Prosecution of the ICTY alleged that on 17 April 1992, Serb military forces from Bosnia and Herzegovina and elsewhere in the former Yugoslavia seized control of the town of Bosanski Šamac by force, and within a few days controlled the entire Municipality of Bosanski Šamac. The Serbs then announced that the government of the Municipality of Bosanski Šamac had been replaced by the “Serbian Municipality of Bosanski Šamac”. Immediately after the forcible takeover, Serb authorities established the “Serbian Municipality of Bosanski Šamac Crisis Staff”, which took the place of the duly-elected municipal assembly and controlled all aspects of the municipal government. The Serb authorities then unlawfully arrested and detained Bosnian Croats, Bosnian Muslims, and other non-Serb civilians; forced many non-Serb residents to leave their homes, and transferred many to other villages where they were detained against their will; expelled and deported them; and required many to participate in forced labour projects and the wide-scale looting of private and commercial property belonging to non-Serbs.
The Prosecution highlighted that on or about 17 April 1992 to at least 31 December 1993 Blagoje Simić was appointed President of the Bosanski Šamac Crisis Staff, which was renamed the War Presidency on or about 21 July 1992. In these positions he was responsible for issuing orders, policies, decisions and other regulations in the name of the Crisis Staff and War Presidency. It is also alleged that from 1991 to 1995 he was President of the Serbian Democratic Party (SDS) in Bosanski Šamac; from 1991 to 17 April 1992, Vice-Chairman of the Municipal Assembly; and from 4 November 1991 to at least 30 November 1992, Deputy of the Assembly of the self-declared “Serb Autonomous Region of Northern Bosnia,” later called the “Serb Autonomous Province of Semberija and Majevica”. On or about 22 January 1993 he was elected President of the “Šamac Municipal Assembly” and served in this position until after the announcement of the First Indictment of the ICTY. He was the highest ranking civilian official in the municipality of Bosanski Šamac.
The Prosecution expressed that from about 17 April 1992 to at least 31 December 1992, Blagoje Simić, both prior to, and while serving as President of the Bosanski Šamac Crisis Staff, and as President of the War Presidency, acting in concert with others, planned, instigated, ordered, committed, or otherwise aided and abetted the planning, preparation, or execution of the crime of persecutions. He was additionally charged with persecutions as a crime against humanity, through his participation in the issuance of orders, policies, decisions and other regulations in the name of the Crisis Staff and War Presidency and the authorisation of other official actions which violated the rights of the Bosnian Croats, Bosnian Muslims and other non-Serb civilians to equal treatment under the law and infringed upon their enjoyment of basic and fundamental rights.
Blagoje Simić surrendered voluntarily on 12 March 2001 and was transferred on the same day to the ICTY.
Judgement and conviction.
A conviction is entered for the crime against humanity for persecutions based upon unlawful arrest and detention of Bosnian Muslim and Bosnian Croat civilians, cruel and inhumane treatment including beatings, torture, forced labour assignments, and confinement under inhumane conditions, and deportation and forcible transfer.
The Trial Chamber of the ICTY by a majority, Judge Per-Johan Lindholm dissenting, sentenced Blagoje Simić to a sentence of imprisonment for 17 years.
Blagoje Simić lodged an appeal against this judgement. On 28 November 2006, the Appeals Chamber of the ICTY reduced his sentence to 15 years imprisonment.
On 27 March 2007, Simić was transferred to the United Kingdom to serve his sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="18735616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735616" title="Liga de Amadores Brasileiros de Rádio Emissão">
Liga de Amadores Brasileiros de Rádio Emissão

The Liga de Amadores Brasileiros de Rádio Emissão (LABRE) () is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Brazil. LABRE has separate organizations for each state of Brazil. LABRE is recognized by the Brazilian Ministry of Communications. LABRE is the supporting organization for the Rede Nacional de Emergência de Radioamadores (RENER), a voluntary amateur radio emergency communications network in Brazil. LABRE was one of the sponsoring organizations for the 2006 World Radiosport Team Championship held in Florianópolis. LABRE is the national member society representing Brazil in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18735620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735620" title="All-England Theatre Festival">
All-England Theatre Festival

The All-England Theatre Festival ("AETF") organises the only country-wide eliminating contest for one-act plays in performance throughout England. It provides an opportunity for Amateurs to compete against like-minded groups and to benefit from the adjudication they receive to improve the quality of their performance. The AETF also maintains contact with other leading bodies involved in Amateur Dramatics throughout the United Kingdom by means of its membership of the Central Council for Amateur Theatre, The Drama Festivals Consortium and the British Finals Standing Committee. The festival is also involved with the Geoffrey Whitworth Trophy Competition, in conjunction with the other 'Hosts' of the British Festival, to judge Original, unpublished Scripts that are first produced within the relevant Festivals.
History.
British Drama League.
The history of the All-England Theatre Festival dates back to 1919 when the British Drama League was formed. The public inauguration of the League took place at the Theatre Royal, Haymarket on 22 June and was said by the first director of the League, Mr. Geoffrey Whitworth, that "Drama was par excellence the art of the people, and the Theatre everyone's business". There was a wide range of individuals on the first committee. The Drama League was in essence an association composed of individual co-operators in amateur drama and affiliated amateur dramatic groups. It was very active in the pursuit of the creation of a National Theatre. One of the main planks of the Drama League was its Education platform. This evolved into a strong commitment to new writing and eventually the establishment of competitive Festivals. It provided a central organisation for amateur societies throughout England (despite the name "British"), it conducted drama schools and ran a drama library. By June 1923 there were 360 affiliated societies which included amateur and professional bodies. In 1926 professionals were expressing concern that the rapid growth of amateur drama was likely to cause problems with too many people trying to enter an already overcrowded profession. A Council Meeting was held to discuss this and in 1927 it was noted that the League's monthly journal 'Drama' was selling 3000 copies. This interest had started a British 'Festival of Community Drama' which was used to find an entry for the American New York Little Theatre Tournament. Other aspects of the League's work included the making of a substantial contribution to the Stratford-on-Avon Memorial Theatre, visits to Europe to help establish Festivals and the organisation of summer schools.
The early festivals.
It has been argued that 1926 is the most important date in the history of the revival of the one-act play. The reason being that it was in 1926 that the British Drama League held its first experimental festival of one-act plays. In its first year seven societies took part in the competition, or festival as it was known. The next year the number was up to one hundred and fifty. In 1930 the number was 400, in 1932 600, and by 1936 seven hundred and forty seven groups had entered. Very quickly a system of rounds had therefore been developed to cope with the numbers of entries. There was a first round at a regional level from which adjudicators would send their selections forward to a second round. Another set of adjudicators would then send a selection forward to a final round held annually in London. This final round, started in 1927, included Scottish entries, thus there was no English Final as such.
In 1927, the Scottish counterpart of the British Drama League, the Scottish Community Drama Association, had set up their own annual knockout festival which experienced similar success and by 1937 was attracting around three hundred and fifty entries. The Scottish festival had its own Scottish final, which went on to the London final to compete with English teams.
In 1938 the final of the National Festival was held outside London for the first time following the invitation of the Scottish Community Drama Association. The war brought a significant reduction in the League's membership but activities continued as best they could throughout. The emphasis changed somewhat to encourage Youth clubs and military units for educational purposes.
The English only finals.
After the Second World War the regions started to organise their own Festivals and the first England only Final was held in 1947. Until 1957 the organisation of subsequent annual Finals continued to be run by the British Drama League and eventually became the remit of the All England Theatre Festival. After 1957 the role of the British Drama League gradually faded away to be replaced by a mixture of support groups. The British Drama League became the British Theatre Association, with effect from 1 November 1972 and for financial reasons was dissolved in 1990. Its collections of play scripts (presented by Annie Horniman) are held in the most part by the Theatre Museum in London with the remaining part of the collection held by the Drama Association of Wales.
Structure.
The All-England Theatre Festival organises an eliminating series of Festivals which leads ultimately to the English Finals. The winner of the English Final goes on to compete in the British Final Festival of One Act Plays against the winners of similar Festivals in Wales (Drama Association of Wales's Wales Final Festival of One Act Plays), Scotland (Scottish Community Drama Association's SCDA Festival) and Northern Ireland (Association of Ulster Drama Festivals's Ulster One-Act Finals). This "British Final Festival of One Act Plays" is the culmination of the National Festival of Community Theatre in the United Kingdom.
England is divided into 4 Areas for the purposes of this Festival. Each Area is also divided into a number of Divisions according to the size and / or history of the individual Areas. Each division has a number of festivals and, dependent on the festival, either the winner or the winner and runner-up will proceed to the Divisional Quarter Final. The winners of the Divisional Quarter Finals go forward to the Area Semi-Final. The winners of the four Area Semi-Finals go forward to the English Final. The member festivals in 2008 were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18735622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735622" title="Art Stewart">
Art Stewart

Art Stewart is a former scout and Director of Scouting for the Kansas City Royals, a Major League Baseball team.
Career.
The New York Yankees hired Stewart as a scout in 1953.
Stewart served as multiple different kinds of associates for the Kansas City Royals. In 1985, Stewart served as a Director of Scouting. In 1986, he was both, Scouting Director and Player Development. From 1987 to 1997, he served as only a Scouting Director. The next two years, from 1998 to 1999, Stewart became the Senior Special Assistant to General Manager. From 2001 to 2005, Stewart become the Senior Advisor to General Manager.
Stewart is the longest tenured Kansas City Royals associate who was inducted to the Kansas City Royals Baseball Hall of Fame during 2008 season, on June 28. Stewart will represent the Kansas City Royals Hall of Fame class of 2008, becoming the 23rd member of the elite group. Stewart is Art the Kansas City Royals Senior Advisor to General Manager (GM) Dayton Moore. 70 players that Stewart drafted have played Major League Baseball. Some players that he drafted include Bo Jackson, Kevin Appier, Brian McRae, Mike Sweeney, Johnny Damon, Joe Randa and Carlos Beltran. Stewart has been an associate in baseball now for fifty-nine baseball seasons. Stewart is currently managing his forty-third season with the Kansas City Royals.

</doc>
<doc id="18735628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735628" title="Juventud Independiente">
Juventud Independiente

Club Deportivo Juventud Independiente, also commonly known as Juventud Independiente, is a professional Salvadoran football club, based in San Juan Opico, La Libertad, El Salvador.
Founded on 7 September 1943, it currently plays in Primera División, holding home matches at Complejo Municipal.
History.
The beginning.
In 1940, Vicente Rocha a community leader, decided to begin an elaborate health project for the young people in his community of opico and realised quite quickly that forming a football club would help his cause. He shared his vision with a group of people which included Vicente Trujillo and Benjamín Hernández.
After raising the necessary funds, they baptized the club as a Unión. The club recruited their players from the local schools and due to the age of their players being under the set limit, they were registered in the Liga burocrática (the Lowest Level in the footballing system). The team officially was born on 7 September 1943 and, because they signed the document in the Ministerio del Interior, the team leaders decided to name the club Juventud Independiente in representation of both the young players and the historic building where the club was formed. Vicente Rocha become the team's first president and the team played their first games in the San Juan Opico region; and despite the already etsbaslished club Fuerte Cuscatleco team being based there for several years, the community supported Juventud Independiente in large numbers.
The team's primary player during this period was Casto de Jesús Flores, who was one of the first players to sign for the club. The club battled hard and by the early 1970s they had reached both the third and then the second division.
During the war.
The civil war that occurred in El Salvador during the 1980s affected Juventud Independiente, as players fled the country and the sheer danger of watching the games kept fans away. In 1989 just before a promotion playoff against San Rafael Cedros, a major offensive was launched and many players fled the country causing Juventud Independiente to lose the match. The team's fortunes improved in the early '90s as the team recruited better players and were able to starve off relegation and remain in the Segunda division for a few years before finally succumbing to their demise by being relegating in 1991.
Rebuilding.
During the nineties, the team expanded and reached second division for the first time in several years after defeating C.D. Juventud Olímpica Metalio 5-1 on aggregate.
The team directive decided to form a football school in 1994. The desire and aim was to provide a strong basis for the senior team and improve the standards of their young players. However during this period the team descended back to the third division.
After community election in 1997, Romeo Barillas was elected and began programs and projects to support the team. Barillas first move was to sign Ramon Sanchez, who had just finished coaching Arcense. Ramon Sanchez worked hard with the young players of Juventud Independiente and eventually reached the playoff. The team won on their second attempt and were promoted to second division, beginning the emergence of young stars Henry López and Carlos Asprilla.
After securing a spot in the second division, they were able to sign foreign players such as Rodrigo Lagos, Fainor Viáfara and Carlos Escalante. In the 2004/2005 season they reached the semi-finals but were eliminated by Coca Cola. In 2006/2007 season they made the finals, but lost to Nejapa F.C. and lost the playoff against Once Municipal.
Ramon Sanchez left the club for the first division club, C.D. Chalatenango. Ramon Sanchez's ten year reign had come to an end. The board selected Jorge Ábrego to coach the team and despite losing automatic qualification to the first division, They won promotion from Segunda División de Fútbol Salvadoreño to Primera División de Fútbol Profesional after beating San Salvador F.C. 4-2 in the playoff series which allowed Juventud to qualify to the first division for the first time in the club history.
Recent Events.
However the club failed to achieve any real progress in the first division having the worst record in the apertura and clausura seasons, the club failed to remain in the first division and this was despite the purchase of players such as Honduran Nestor Steve Reyes, Argentinian Lucas Abraham and Colombian Luis Jose Perez, coupled with the hiring of their longtime coach Juan Ramon Sanchez the club were still relegated. 
The club spent the next few seasons trying to regain promotion to the first division, they made several second division semi finals and grand finals but always falling short, however the club finally succeeded when they won the Clausura 2011 title defeating Once Lobos 4-0, then winning the grand champion final defeating Titan of Santa Ana 3-2 in extra time with the club were promoted back to the primera division.
For the following three season(between 2011 Apertura to 2012 Apertura)Juventud remained a mid table team with their highest finish being sixth. However, this changed in the 2013 Clausura when the club were able to qualify to the semi finals as the fourth placed team after winning a dramatic playoff with Santa Tecla FC 1-0. In the semi final Juventud lost to FAS despite drawing the series 2-2 because of FAS scorng an away they were able to progress on the away goal rule.
Following their successful campaign Juventud backed it up the very next season finishing 2nd on the league table with 30 points and scoring 40 goals breaking the club previous best record in the primera division. This was largely due to the new addition of Nigerian Agustin Jibirin, David Antonio Rugamas, top goalscorer for the season Uruguayan Jesus Toscanini, and Jose Luis Gonzales. Meanwhile Oscar Ceren, Irvin Valdez, Juan Carlos Portillo and Wilber ramirez had breakout season.
In the semi final, they were forced to play FAS again and once again they were defeated by FAS, 4-3 on aggregate.
Honours.
Domestic honours.
National titles
Current squad.
"As of Clausura 2014 season:"
Squad Changes For Clausura 2014.
In
Out

</doc>
<doc id="18735642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735642" title="Verin Sasunik">
Verin Sasunik

Verin Sasunik (); formerly known as Gharajilar, is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. It was depopulated in 1960 and resettled in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18735657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735657" title="Mick Haley">
Mick Haley

Mick Haley (born August 18, 1943) is an American volleyball coach. Currently, he is the head coach of the University of Southern California women's volleyball team. He has also coached the U.S. Women's National Team at the Olympics.
Early life.
Haley was a setter at Ball State under legendary coach Don Shondell and helped the Cardinals to the 1964 and 1965 MIVA title. Haley was inducted into the Ball State Athletic Hall of Fame in 1984. He earned his bachelor's degree in education from Ball State in 1965.
Head coaching history.
1973-1979: Kellogg CC.
Haley coached at Kellogg Community College in Battle Creek, Michigan, for seven seasons (1973–79). He first served as an instructor and intramural director, then took the helm of the men's and women's varsity teams in 1973, going 251-51 overall and leading his women's team to the national junior college title in 1978 and 1979. He also coached the Kellogg men to four national crowns during that time. In his last season there, the men's team, the only jr. college in the conference, won the MIVA, beating Ohio St. in the finals 3-0. In 1997, he was inducted into the Junior College Coaches Hall of Fame.
1980-1996: Texas.
Haley was the head coach for the Texas Longhorns volleyball team. Under his tutelage, the Longhorns were the AIAW champions in 1981 and the NCAA champions in 1988. They also reached the NCAA Final Four in 1986, 1987, and 1995. The Longhorns won the Southwest Conference title every year from 1982–1995, before switching to the Big 12 his final year, where they finished second in those standings.
At Texas, he carried an overall record of 522-137-1, including a 150-10 conference record.
1997-2000: Olympic coaching.
Haley temporarily left collegiate coaching in order to coach the women's U.S. National Team for the 2000 Sydney Olympics, where the team fell short of the Bronze Medal to finish in fourth place.
2001–present: USC.
Haley returned to collegiate coaching, but instead returning to Texas, he took over for USC where it did not take long for the Women of Troy to reach national prominence. 
Just in his second year, Haley led the top-seeded Trojans to the program's second NCAA championship – and first since 1981 – by defeating Stanford University in the final, 3–1, avenging their only loss of the season to the Cardinal. With the win, Haley became just the second head coach in NCAA history to win a national championship at two universities. 
In 2003, the team went undefeated in the regular season. The Trojans reached the championship match and defeated Florida, 3–1. The 2003 squad became the first repeat NCAA champion in six years and was the first repeat champion in NCAA history to go undefeated. April Ross was the Honda Award winner, while the 2003 team comprised four All-Americans, including three on the first team.
Since 2003, the Trojans have not won a Pac-10 or NCAA championship, but have reached the final four in 2004 (including upsetting top seeded Nebraska in the regional final), in 2007, where they were one point away from defeating top-seeded Stanford in the national semifinals and in 2010 (upsetting Stanford in the regional final).

</doc>
<doc id="18735659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735659" title="John Wallace (Florida politician)">
John Wallace (Florida politician)

John Wallace (1842 - November 25, 1908) was a freedman, writer, teacher and Florida Republican politician who served in the Florida Legislature. Freed during the Civil War, he served in the Union Army. As a lawyer he argued cases before the Florida Supreme Court. He putatively wrote "Carpetbag Rule in Florida: The Inside Workings of Civil Government in Florida After the Close of the Civil War." At the time of his death, he had held public office longer than any other Black elected official.
Wallace was born in Gates County, North Carolina in 1842. His early life was spent in slavery. In February 1862, he was freed by Federal troops passing through the area. He enlisted in the Second Colored Infantry regiment on August 15, 1863.
He trained at Camp Casey . In December 1863, his unit was assigned to Ship Island, Mississippi. On February 13, 1864, Wallace travelled with his regiment to Key West, Florida. The following week, an exploding cannonball threw dirt into his eyes in a battle near Fort Meyers, causing injuries that would plague him throughout his life. Wallace's outfit joined the Union force blockading Apalachee Bay. They landed near St. Marks on March 4, 1865 and marched on Tallahassee, in time to take part in the debacle at the Battle of Natural Bridge. Walker and the regiment would not reach Tallahassee until August 9, 1865.
On leaving the service in January 1866, Wallace chose to remain in the Tallahassee area. There he became a protégé of Florida politician and planter William D. Bloxham. He gave Wallace a job teaching freed slaves at a school he set up on his plantation. The school and Wallace received high praise from a local paper. In 1868, he served as a page at the Florida Constitutional Convention.
After the Convention, he was elected constable of Leon County and joined the Republican Party of Florida, and became advocate for the rights of African-Americans. He served as constable for two years before being elected to the Legislature. In 1870, he was elected to the Florida House of Representatives. He was re-elected in 1872, despite a propensity for public violence. In 1874, he was elected to the Florida Senate and became a lawyer. He made an unsuccessful bid for Congress in 1876. In 1878, his bid for re-election was unsuccessful. However, he was seated by the Senate after alleging fraud.
In 1877, the federal occupation ended, with profound consequences for Blacks and for the Florida Republican party. Blacks were systematically disenfranchised, and Florida would not see another Republican governor until Claude R. Kirk, Jr. in 1967. Democrats regained control of the Legislature. Black Republicans, including Wallace, became increasingly disillusioned. Wallace helped lead the Florida independent movement, and ran unsuccessfully as an Independent in the 1882 race for the state senate. In 1884, he supported Independent Frank Pope in the gubernatorial race with great optimism, but Black and liberal white voters were no longer strong enough to win elections in Florida. Wallace again ran for the Senate, but finished thirteenth. He was appointed a Customs House inspector in Key West for $2 per day, but was replaced in 1885, following the election of Grover Cleveland. He left Key West and opened a law practice in Jacksonville. He argued a number of cases before the Florida Supreme Court. "Carpetbag Rule in Florida" was published in 1888.
Carpetbag Rule was scathingly critical of Republican leadership under Reconstruction. According to this book, Republicans were, untrustworthy, venal and had merely used Blacks to further their quest for power. Democrats were the true friends of Florida blacks. The era of oppression and prejudice was past, and a new era of enlightenment under the auspices of the Democratic party had dawned. The book appeared just before the 1888 election, at a time advantageous to the Democratic Party. Questions have been raised as to whether Wallace actually authored the book, or whether it was actually written by Wallace's old mentor, William D. Bloxton. Critics feel that whoever wrote it, it was heavily influenced by and advantageous to Bloxton.

</doc>
<doc id="18735663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735663" title="Jerusalem corridor">
Jerusalem corridor

The Jerusalem corridor (, "Prozdor Yerushalayim") is a geographical district of hundreds of thousands of dunams between Jerusalem and the Shephelah in Israel. Its northern border is the old road to Jerusalem; its southern border, the Elah Valley; and its western border, Shaar HaGai and the road to Beit Shemesh. The largest towns in the Jerusalem corridor are Beit Shemesh, Mevasseret Zion, Abu Ghosh, Tzur Hadassah and Kiryat Ye'arim.
History.
In 1949, when the area came under Israeli control, the region was mountainous, rocky and bare of trees and forests. Arab villagers who had practiced terraced farming in the narrow valleys and wadis fled during the war. The Jerusalem corridor was the only route for bringing supplies to besieged Jerusalem. In the Battle of Latrun, Jewish forces attempted to capture Latrun, where Jordanian forces were stationed. Burma Road was built as an alternative.
In the first decade of the State of Israel, a total of 35 agricultural settlements were established in the Jerusalem corridor by new immigrants from Yemen, Kurdistan, North Africa, Romania and Hungary. The JNF employed many of the newcomers in afforestation and land reclamation. Since then it has become one of the largest afforested regions in the country. 
Today, in addition to the Jerusalem – Tel Aviv highway (Highway 1), a number of additional routes lead to Jerusalem; route 443 covers the northern part of the corridor. Route 395 leads from Ein Kerem to the coast, via Ramat Raziel and Bet Shemesh, and continues south. Route 386 leads to the Ella Valley, via Bar Giora and Tzur Hadassa. A railway line is active in the corridor, next to the Sorek Stream, which is part of the historical Jaffa–Jerusalem railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18735669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735669" title="RAF Hal Far">
RAF Hal Far

The RAF Hal Far airfield was the first permanent airfield to be built on Malta. It was opened on 1 April 1929 as HMS "Falcon", a Royal Navy base, and was used by Royal Navy air crews. It was transferred to the Maltese Government and redeveloped as from January 1979. It is now closed and one of its runways is used by drag racing enthusiasts. The second runway is now a road leading to an industrial estate which was developed recently.
Runways.
This airfield consisted of two runways, namely Runway 13/31 which was 6,000 ft (2,000 yards) long and Runway 9/27, which was 4,800 ft (1,600 yards) long. Runway 13/31 was resurfaced between 20 April and 26 May 1959 while the resurfacing of Runway 9/27 was carried out between 12 June and 28 July 1959. Its location on Malta was of great strategic importance in the Mediterranean, since it provided a base for aircraft carrier units en route to the rest of the British Empire. Compared to other airstrips on the island, Hal Far had better approaches over the sea and was the preferred diversionary base. It also provided excellent range facilities, making it the ideal location for armament training by the squadrons.
Facilities.
Hal Far airfield provided various facilities, including an armoury, explosives area, workshops, a compass base and a control tower. It had also a radar test base and a number of hangars. It also included living quarters for H.Q. Staff, Officers and other ranks, and a sick bay, for medical purposes.
World War II.
During the Second World War, Hal Far airfield was one of the main targets for the Luftwaffe and the Regia Aeronautica and suffered several bombings during the blitz. On July and August 1940 in the beginning of the Siege of Malta, the Italian air-raids managed to damage several squadron aircraft. As the raids intensified during 1942 more damage was inflicted on the airfield and the squadrons, present on the airfield. On one particular attack on Hal Far by Junkers Ju 88s, a Fairey Swordfish was badly damaged. Further raids during January 1942 resulted in the destruction at Hal Far of two other Swordfish and a Blackburn Skua, and damaged 15 Hurricanes, three other Swordfish and a Fairey Fulmar. Further damage to aircraft, airfield buildings and loss of personnel resulted during attacks in 1942 and 1943, with the last bombing being recorded on 21 May 1943.
Hal Far had been the first Maltese airfield to be bombed on 11 June 1940. During this period, 2,300 tons of bombs were dropped on the airfield, nevertheless it was never made unservicable, due to the great competence of the airfield repair parties. On the airfield itself the ground crew casualties numbered 30 killed and 84 injured. Various officers and Maltese civilian employees were awarded the George Cross, George Medal and other awards for their courage and bravery in the face of enemy action.
With enemy air raids practically at an end, and as aircraft became heavier and traffic had increased significantly, paved runways and taxiways were added to the airfield, together with the completion of runways 13/31 and 9/27.
Post war.
The Air Sea Rescue and Communications Flight, which had originally formed at Hal Far in March 1943, but which moved to Ta' Qali the following September, returned to Hal Far in March 1944.
By 1944 Malta had therefore returned to normal and new aircraft were appearing all over the Island. The influx of large numbers of aircraft needed an expansion of dispersal areas and more huts, an undertaking carried out in October 1944. Further accommodation areas were added when FAA squadrons started arriving regularly at Hal Far for training periods.
A different kind of event occurred in January 1945, when British Prime Minister Winston Churchill and US President Franklin D. Roosevelt came to Malta in anticipation of the Malta Conference with Soviet Premier Joseph Stalin. To deter any possible enemy attack, nine Spitfire IXs of N° 1435 Squadron, and six Mosquito night fighters of N° 256 Squadron, deployed to Hal Far from Grottaglie and Foggia respectively, two of the Mosquitos escorting the Prime Minister's Avro York transport aircraft outside Malta and into Luqa airfield on 29 January. All aircraft remained at Hal Far into early February until all VIPs had left.
After the evolution from piston to jet engines in the 1950s, the airfield had to be closed for three weeks for the resurfacing of the runways. The airfield started housing various training camps by the UK-based Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (RNVR) Air Divisions. Training including live depth charges dropping, live armament practice and rocket firing on the uninhabited islet of Filfla, and hide and seek exercises with RN submarines in which aircraft sought out and shadowed the underwater 'raiders' and finally carried out mock attacks if they managed to find them. Several units used HMS Falcon for these annual summer camps, which started in 1950, stopped in 1951, and continued from 1952 to 1956.
During 1957, the airfield also served as a civilian airport while the runways at Luqa were being resurfaced. During 1958 Hal Far was the proving base for the world's first assault helicopter squadron.
After being used by the Royal Navy, the Hal Far airfield was returned to the RAF for a short period of time in the mid and 1960s, and the last squadron was disbanded on 31 August 1967. This brought to an end 43 very active years of Malta's oldest and most historical airfield. It was subsequently placed on a 'care and maintenance' basis and served as a satellite for RAF Luqa. Between March 1967 and September 1978 the airfield served as a base for the American aircraft maintenance company M.I.A.Co.
During the resurfacing of Luqa's runways, all civilian and military flying was transferred to Hal Far until Luqa became operational again.
On the 5th of August 2010, the Employment & Training Corporation inaugurated an Underground Sick Bay which lies within the premises. This has been turned into a museum emphasising the period 1923-1945. The website gives an insight of the Museum. A number of model aircraft 1/72 scale have been built by a number of enthusiasts which shows some of the aircraft that landed at Hal Far in this period.
Closure.
With the transfer of the airfield to the Maltese Government, who planned to convert Hal Far airfield into an industrial area, MIACO was asked to vacate its hangars and offices by September 1978. Both runways have been dug up and further development of the area reduced the airfield to a scar on the land. Runway 13/31 is currently being used by the Malta Drag Racing Association as a quarter mile dragstrip. Runway 9/27 is now a public road linking the various sections of the industrial area. Its scar can still be clearly seen on Google Maps when using the satellite image function. The control tower and the officer's quarters are still intact, together with a few Nissen huts. The kitchens and mess halls, the electricians and radio section cabin are still standing, but in a dilapidated state.
Other parts of the airfield such as the hangar have been transformed into a refugee camp for illegal immigrants.

</doc>
<doc id="18735671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735671" title="Cedrick Banks">
Cedrick Banks

Cedrick Banks (born December 16, 1981) is an American professional basketball player. A 6'3" guard, he currently plays for STB Le Havre in France.
High school and college.
Banks starred at Westinghouse High School in Chicago. He was named "Chicago Sun Times" Player of the Year as a senior in 2000, ahead of other area standouts such as Dwyane Wade of Richards High School and Eddy Curry of Thornwood High School. Banks led Westinghouse to the 2000 state championship game, where he scored 22 points, but his team lost to West Aurora High School.
After graduating high school, Banks went on to play for the University of Illinois at Chicago. He redshirted his first season because of academic problems, then led his team in scoring (13.6 points) in 2001–02. Over the next three seasons, Banks earned three All-Horizon League First Team nods and was a five-time Horizon League Player of the Week. As a senior, he broke UIC's career scoring record, ending his collegiate career with 2,097 points. His point guard at Westinghouse and UIC was Martell Bailey.
Professional career.
Banks began his professional career in May 2005 with the Nebraska Cranes of the United States Basketball League. After averaging 17.1 points per game and winning All-Rookie Team honors, he signed with Besançon BCD of the French Pro-B Division, and was named MVP of that league in 2006. He then played summer league basketball with the Chicago Bulls, but did not make the regular season team.
From 2006 to 2007, Banks was a member of SLUC Nancy of France's Pro-A division. He represented the team at the 2006 French League All-Star Game, where he scored 12 points for the foreign players' team. Banks then signed with Maccabi Rishon LeZion of Israel. During the 2007–2008 season in the Israeli league, Banks averaged 14 points per game, and posted a season high of 36 against Hapoel Holon.
Banks signed with Entente Orléanaise in 2008. In 2010, he joined CSP Limoges. In July 2011 he returned to Entente Orléanaise for yet another season. In 2012, he signed with Türk Telekom Ankara, and he averaged 7.3 points and 2.0 assists in four Turkish League games. On December 4, 2012, he signed a short deal (until January 5, 2013) with Élan Chalon. In March 2013 he signed with Liège Basket. In July 2013, he signed with STB Le Havre. 

</doc>
<doc id="18735688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735688" title="Patrick Buckley (disambiguation)">
Patrick Buckley (disambiguation)

Patrick Buckley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18735689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735689" title="Floorball Canada">
Floorball Canada

Floorball Canada is the highest governing body for the sport of floorball in Canada. Floorball Canada is a self-governed organization which is recognized by the Government of Canada, Sport Canada, and the Canadian Olympic Committee.
Floorball Canada organizes the Canadian Floorball Championships, Canada's elite-level national league (Canadian Floorball League) as well as the men's, women's, men's under-19, and women's under-19 national floorball teams. So far, three men's teams, one women's team, and a men's under-19 have been sent to take part in the World Floorball Championships. Floorball Canada will be hosting the 2016 Women's under-19 World Championships, to be held in Belleville, Ontario.
Organization.
Floorball Canada is divided into four regional branches/federations: Alberta Floorball Association, British Columbia Floorball Federation, Floorball Ontario, and Québec Floorball Association. Floorball Canada's goal is to add three more regional branches: Saskatchewan, Manitoba, and an Atlantic federation, which would include the three maritime provinces and Newfoundland & Labrador.
Floorball Canada has been an ordinary member of the International Floorball Federation since 2001. Canada was given membership as part of the IFF in 1998. As of June 30, 2008, there are 1,000 registered floorball players in Canada, which is five times the total of registered players in 2007.
Floorball Canada was originally known as the Canadian Unihockey/Floorball Federation and then for a short period as the Canadian Floorball Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18735700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735700" title="Belgorod-Khar'kov Offensive Operation">
Belgorod-Khar'kov Offensive Operation

The Belgorod-Khar'kov Offensive Operation or Fourth Battle of Kharkov (12 August 1943 - 23 August 1943) was an operation conducted as part of Operation Polkovodets Rumyantsev between the Red Army and Wehrmacht forces around the city of Kharkov (now "Kharkiv"). It was one of the operations that followed the Battle of Kursk.
Prelude.
Following the Battle of Kursk, the Red Army launched Operation Polkovodets Rumyantsev on 3 August 1943, which aimed to retake the cities of Belgorod and Kharkov (now "Kharkiv"). On the first day, the units of the Voronezh Front quickly penetrated the German front-line defences on the boundary of the 4th Panzer Army and Army Group "Kempf", between Tomarovka and Belgorod and gained 100 kilometres in a sector along the Akhtyrka-Bogodukhov-Olshany-Zolochev line along the banks of the Merla river. By 12 August where they were finally halted by German armoured units of the III Panzer Corps. On 5 August 1943 XI Corps evacuated the city of Belgorod. (see Belgorod-Bogodukhov Offensive Operation) 
Belgorod-Khar'kov Offensive Operation.
Following its withdrawal from Belgorod on the night of 5/6 August 1943 the XI Army Corps under the command of (Raus) now held defensive positions south of the city between the Donets & Lopan Rivers north of Kharkov. The XI Army Corps consisted of a "Kampfgruppe" from the 167th Infantry Division, the 168th, 106th, 198th, 320th Infantry Divisions, and the 6th Panzer Division which acted as was the corps reserve. This constituted a deep salient east into Soviet lines and was subject to outflanking attempts on the corps left flank, indeed Soviet armoured units had already appeared 20 miles behind the corps front line. XI Army Corps now made a series of phased withdrawals toward Kharkov to prevent encirclement. 
Only reaching the final defenses north of the city on 12 August 1943, following breakthroughs by the 57th & 69th armies in several sectors of the front-line, the disintegration of the 168th Infantry Division and after an intervention by the corps reserve. When its attempts to force a breakthrough in the Bogodukhov-Olshany-Zolochev met with frustration along the Merla River, the Steppe Front directed its assaults towards Korotich, a sector held by 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich to cut the Poltava-Kharkov rail link. Fierce fighting ensued, in which Korotich was captured by the 5th Guards Mechanised Corps and subsequently recaptured by grenadiers from 2nd SS then to remain under German control, but the 5th Guards Tank Army (Pavel Rotmistrov) did cut the rail link finally on 22 August 1943. 
The loss of this vital line of communication; while not fatal in itself, was a serious blow to the ability of Army Group Kempf, to defend the city from the constant Red Army attacks. This meant critical delays of supplies and reinforcements, and the unit's position was becoming increasingly untenable. The way to Poltava now remained open, but Vatutin hesitated to push through while the Germans flanking the gap held firm. Instead, he turned his left flank armies; the 5th Guards Tank Army and the 5th Guards Army, against the western front of Army Group Kempf where the 2nd and 3rd SS Panzer Divisions fought to keep the front angled south westward away from Kharkov. 
On the weaker east front of Army Group Kempf, the Soviet 57th Army cleared the right bank of the Donets between Chuguyev & Zmiyev, but the army command somehow could not quite bring itself to try for a full scale breakthrough. 
These threats had led to a request by General Werner Kempf to abandon the city on 12 August 1943. Erich von Manstein did not object, but Adolf Hitler countered with an order that the city had to be held "under all circumstances". After a prediction that the order to hold Kharkov would produce "another Stalingrad", on 14 August 1943 Manstein relieved Kempf and appointed General Otto Wöhler in his place. A few days later, Army Group Kempf was renamed the 8th Army. Kharkov now constituted a deep German salient to the east, which prevented the red army from making use of this vital traffic and supply centre. Following boastful reports made by Soviet radio that Soviet troops had entered the city, when in fact it was still held by XI Army Corps, Joseph Stalin personally ordered its immediate capture. General Raus the officer commanding the city takes up the story: 
The supply situation in Kharkov was now catastrophic; artillerymen after firing their last rounds, were abandoning their guns to fight as infantrymen. The army's supply depot had five trainloads of spare tank tracks leftover from "Zitadelle" but very little else. The high consumption of ammunition in the last month and a half had cut into supplies put aside for the last two weeks of August and the first two weeks of September; until the turn of the month the army would have to get along with fifty percent of its daily average requirements in artillery & tank ammunition. XI Army Corps now had a combat strength of only 4,000 infantrymen, one man for every ten yards of front. General Erhard Raus explains the intensity of the constant Russian attacks: Wöhler, recognizing the hopelessness of the situation, did not prove anymore resolute, in view of the harsh realities facing the defenders of Kharkov, he knew that the depleted Infantry regiments could not hold their positions without copious artillery support. Two days after taking command of 8th Army, Wöhler also asked Manstein for permission to abandon the city. Regardless of Hitler's demand that the city be held, Wöhler & Manstein agreed that the city could not be defended for long, given the diminishing German strength and the overwhelming size of Soviet reserves.
On 21 August 1943, Manstein gave his consent to withdraw from Kharkov. The largely destroyed Soviet city, which changed hands several times during the war, was about to be recaptured by the Soviets for the last time. During the day of 22 August 1943, the Germans began their exodus from the city under great pressure from the Soviets. The 57th & 69th Armies pushed in from three sides with the coming of daylight. The Soviets sensed that the Germans were evacuating Kharkov, due to the lessening of artillery fire and diminishing resistance in the front lines. Later in the day, thunderous explosions were heard as ammo dumps were blown. Large German columns were then observed leaving the city and the Soviet troops pushed into the town itself. Moving out of Kharkov to the south, the Germans desperately fought to hold open a corridor through which a withdrawal could be made. 
All along the corridor through which the 8th Army evacuated Kharkov, Soviet artillery and mortars pounded the withdrawal. Their planes gathered for the kill and attacked the German columns leaving the city, strafing & bombing the men & vehicles. After dark, the 89th Guards and 107th Rifle Divisions broke into the interior of the city, driving the last German rearguard detachments before them. Enormous fires were set by the Germans in hope of delaying the Soviet advance. The city became a hellish place of fire and smoke, artillery fire & desperate combat, punctuated by the explosions of supply dumps. 
By 0200 on 23 August 1943, elements of the 183rd Rifle Division pushed into the city centre, reached the huge "Dzerzhinsky Square" and met men from the 89th Rifle Division. The victorious Soviet troops hoisted a red banner over the city once again. By 1100, Kharkov and its outskirts had been liberated completely. The fourth and final battle for the city was over.
Aftermath.
By re-establishing a continuous front on Army Group South's left flank, the 4th Panzer Army and the 8th Army had for the moment, blunted a deadly thrust, but to the north and southeast fresh blows had already been dealt or were in the making. Employing the peculiar rippling effect that marked their offensives, the Red Army, thwarted in one place, had shifted to others. For the first time in the war they had the full strategic initiative, and they grasped it jealously without regard for economy of effort, tactical sophistication, or the danger of overreaching themselves. The failure of Operation Citadel doomed the Germans to the permanent loss of the strategic initiative on the Eastern Front without any hope of regaining it, although Hitler refused to acknowledge it. The terrible losses in manpower that the Germans suffered in July and August 1943 severely crippled both Army Groups South & Centre. Operations Polkovodets Rumyantsev, along with the concurrent Operation Kutuzov marked the first time in the war that the Germans were not able to defeat a major Soviet offensive during the summer and regain their lost ground and the strategic initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="18735733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735733" title="Loek van Mil">
Loek van Mil

Ludovicus Jacobus Maria van Mil (born September 15, 1984 in Oss, Netherlands) is a Dutch professional baseball pitcher for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of the Nippon Professional Baseball League. Standing at , Van Mil is the tallest player in the minor leagues.
Van Mil has also pitched for the Netherlands national baseball team. Most notably, he served as the team's closer in the 2013 World Baseball Classic. Additionally, he appeared in the 2007 Baseball World Cup. Though he was selected to appear in the 2008 Summer Olympics, he missed the tournament due to injury.
Early life.
Van Mil competed in judo from ages 4 through 7. When his mother encouraged him to join a team sport, he chose to play baseball, as he had played a similar game in his elementary school.
Van Mil reached the height of at age 12, and grew to by 14 and at the age of 15. He played as a catcher, until he became too tall to play the position and shifted to first base. At the age of 17, a coach decided to try Van Mil as a pitcher due to his strong throwing arm.
Career.
Dutch league.
In 2005, at age 20, Van Mil debuted with Honkbalclub Allen Weerbaar (HCAW), a Dutch professional baseball team from Bussum. He pitched to a 2-3 win-loss record with a 5.26 earned run average (ERA) and 34 strike outs, allowing 59 hits and 24 walks in innings pitched.
United States.
Van Mil signed a seven-year deal as a non-drafted free agent on July 7, 2005 with the Minnesota Twins. Van Mil threw scoreless innings for HCAW in 2006, spending most of the year with the Gulf Coast League Twins of the Rookie-level Gulf Coast League. He had a 1-2 record, with a 3.30 ERA in 10 games, eight of them starts.
In 2007, the right-hander had a 2–2 record, 2.63 record in 13 relief stints for the Elizabethton Twins of the Rookie-level Appalachian League and held opponents to a .171 average, though he walked 17 batters in 24 innings. He struck out 23 batters.
Van Mil pitched for the Beloit Snappers of the Class A Midwest League during the 2008 season. He had a 2-2 record with 3 saves and a 3.22 ERA and 42 strikeouts in his first innings, making the Midwest League All-Star game. Van Mil suffered a partially torn ulnar collateral ligament in his right arm while preparing for participation in the 2008 Summer Olympics, and missed the first seven weeks of the 2009 season while rehabilitating.
Van Mil began his 2009 season in late May with the Fort Myers Miracle, playing in the Class A-Advanced Florida State League. Later that year, he was promoted to the New Britain Rock Cats in the Class AA Eastern League. He finished the season with a 1–1 record and a 2.79 ERA in 42 games between the two clubs, 25 games out of the bullpen with Fort Myers with a 2.86 ERA and another 8 games with New Britain for a 2.45 ERA. On November 20, 2009, he was added to the Twins' 40 man roster. 
Van Mil began the 2010 season with Fort Myers. He was designated for assignment to make room on the roster for Brian Fuentes on August 27, 2010. 
Van Mil was announced as the player to be named later going to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in the trade for Fuentes on September 1, 2010. With the Arkansas Travelers of the Class AA Texas League in 2011, Van Mil had a 3-5 record and 2.04 ERA in innings across 30 games. He began the 2012 season with the Class AAA Salt Lake Bees, where he had a 1-0 record and 6.30 ERA. He allowed ten runs, seven of them earned, in ten innings. On May 5, 2012, the Angels traded Van Mil to the Cleveland Indians for future considerations. The Indians assigned him to the Akron Aeros of the Class AA Eastern League.
Van Mil signed a minor league contract with the Cincinnati Reds on December 21, 2012.
Dutch national team.
Van Mil joined the Netherlands national baseball team for the first time for the 2007 Baseball World Cup. He pitched perfect innings in a save against the Venezuelan national team and threw three shutout innings for a save against the South Korean national team to keep the Dutch hopes alive for the quarterfinals; they advanced after they upset Cuba the next game. Van Mil threw scoreless frames against the host Chinese Taipei national team in the quarterfinals to help the Netherlands win again. Van Mil pitched scoreless innings in the Bronze Medal game against the Japanese national team but was removed from the game after a walk to open the eighth inning and the runner came around to score. Van Mil still finished the Cup with a 0.71 ERA, second to Kenny Berkenbosch on the fourth-place Dutch team. He led the Netherlands with two saves.
Robert Eenhoorn, coach for the Dutch team, selected Van Mil for the Dutch team competing in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. However, he returned home before the games started due to a partially torn ulnar collateral ligament in his right elbow. Van Mil was replaced by veteran Dave Draijer. This injury also prevented him from representing his country in the 2009 World Baseball Classic.
Scouting report.
Van Mil throws a fastball that averages , which has been recorded as fast as . Van Mil also throws a slider and a change-up.
Van Mil is and weighs . Van Mil is the tallest player in professional baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="18735734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735734" title="HLA-B15">
HLA-B15

HLA-B15 (B15) is an HLA-B serotype. The serotype identifies the B*15 gene-allele protein products of HLA-B. 
B15 is a broad antigen can be subdivided into several split antigens that are often used in characterization. These are B62, B63, B70, B71, B72, B75, B76, B77. B*15 is the largest allele grouping for any known human autosomal locus, idenitified as of August 2008 there are more than 150 alleles and ~140 amino acid sequence variants from those gene products. Some of these alleles are discussed below. Other alleles, such as B*46 evolved from B*15. One reason for the diversity of this group is that B15 is among a group of alleles enriched in the original humans that left Africa and dispersed across East Asia and Australia. As people traveled east the frequency of many alleles dropped or disappeared from migrants. However B*15 persisted, expanded and diversified. The wide range and complex environment selected for new alleles and promoted their expansion. B*46 for example is not found in Africa, and appears to have evolved and spread in East Asia, to several 100 million bearers worldwide. 
HLA-B15 allele *1502 is associated with the severe skin conditions Stevens–Johnson syndrome (SJS) and toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) caused by carbamazepine drug sensitivity in East Asians. 

</doc>
<doc id="18735738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735738" title="Bob McHugh">
Bob McHugh

Bob McHugh born Robert Ernest McHugh 20, 1946 in Kearny, New Jersey jazz pianist,composer and educator. He has recorded for Outstanding Records, Alliance Records, Perception Records and Lunge Music. He has performed with Ray Mantilla, Ron Naspo, Andrew Cyrille and Joe Morello. Bob was the favorite artist on Sky Jazz and Anima Jazz in Pisa, Italy [2005. He has made guest appearances on local New York radio stations. McHugh performed at the Stony Hill Inn in Hackensack, New Jersey from to 2006.
He was the Commissioned composer for NJMTA state piano competition, and 1999. The National Federation of Music Clubs has included his original compositions as 'required compositions' for National Festivals His compositions are on the required list for NYSSMA state festivals [2008. He has won an ASCAP grant every year since 1989, and is currently featured on ASCAP's Jazz Podcast #4. McHugh's music is published by Manduca Music Publications, and Voice of the Rockies. He has reviews published at www.jazzreview.com and www.allaboutjazz.com.
McHugh has performed at The Count Basie Theater, Red Bank, NJ, the Newark Museum, the New York Public Library and Lincoln Center. In 1985, Bob's recording of his original composition "Uptown" was added to the BBC's playlist. He was a featured performer in the documentary "The Art Of Worship" filmed at Riverside Church in New York City. He composed music for a television presentation of "The International Black Arts Festival" . He currently teaches violin, drums, flute, sax, clarinet, bass, cello, tuba, and trumpet at Lester C. Noecker School in Roseland, New Jersey where he received the role model of the year in 2012 and is the director of the West Essex Youth Jazz Band.

</doc>
<doc id="18735748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735748" title="Karin, Armenia">
Karin, Armenia

Karin (), is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The village is part of the community of Sasunik.

</doc>
<doc id="18735766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735766" title="John Kassay">
John Kassay

Dr. John Kassay (1919 in Bayonne, NJ – February 17, 2004, in San Bruno, CA) was an expert in Shaker and Windsor furniture as well as a skilled craftsman, draftsman and photographer. He published "The Book of Shaker Furniture" in 1980 and "The Book of American Windsor Furniture : Styles and Technologies" in 1998.
Early life.
Kassay earned a Purple Heart and a Bronze Star while serving in Gen. George S. Patton's Third Army in the Second World War.
He married Mary Brunner after the war and attended East Central University (B.A. 1949) and Pittsburg State University in Kansas (M.A. 1950) on the GI Bill. He completed a doctorate in education at Washington State University in 1970.
Career.
Kassay taught industrial arts in junior and senior high schools in Kansas and, for over thirty years, at San Francisco State University, where he was professor in the Department of Design and Industry. Kassay taught courses in woodworking technology and construction at San Francisco State, running "probably the finest woodworking program in America" according to Tom McFadden in Cabinet Maker magazine.
In 1980, Kassay published "The Book of Shaker Furniture" to wide acclaim. The book featured his own illustrations based on years of research. The book was universally praised for its exquisitely rendered and finely detailed drawings of Shaker furniture.
When former President Jimmy Carter received Kassay's book on Shaker furniture in late 1983, he wrote at the bottom of the official typed reply letter: "I've long admired the beautiful simplicity of Shaker furniture and have made several of their pieces myself. Merry Christmas. JC." 
Kassay later turned his attention to American Windsor furniture and produced an elegant and informative guide to the Windsor style. He continued to lecture and publish on both styles after being awarded emeritus status in 1987.
In addition to his books, Professor Kassay also was a frequent contributor to woodworking and industrial arts journals.

</doc>
<doc id="18735770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735770" title="Bohdan Blavatskyi">
Bohdan Blavatskyi

Bohdan Blavatskyi (; born 7 June 1963 in Mali Pidlisky, Zhovkva Raion, Lviv Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian former football forward and now a football coach since 1994.
Coaching career.
Bohdan Blavatskyi started his coaching career in 1994 at in charge of FC Harai Zhovkva. In 1995, he won the Ukrainian Amateur League with this club. In 1998, Bohdan became the head coach of Ukrainian Premier League club, Prykarpattya Ivano-Frankivsk.
In 1999-2000, he was coach of Podillya Khmelnytskyi. In 2000-2003, he was in charge of FC Krasyliv, which finished first in the Ukrainian Second League under his leadership and were promoted to the Ukrainian First League. In 2003-04, he was coach of Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk. In 2004-05, he was the coach of Metalurh-2 Zaphorizhya, and in 2005-06 he was the coach of Obolon Kyiv.
He was the coach of FC Podillya-Khmelnytskyi in its debuting season of 2007-08. After it finished 3rd, Bohdan left to PFC Nyva Vinnytsia where he is currently the head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="18735773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735773" title="Ronald Tremain">
Ronald Tremain

Ronald Tremain (born 1923 in Feilding, New Zealand, died 1998, Niagara on the Lake, Canada) was a composer and teacher. Initially studying piano, he gained Trinity College Diplomas before gaining his first degree in music at the University of Canterbury.
After war service he taught at Feilding High School and attended Cambridge Summer Music Schools (studying composition with Douglas Lilburn) in 1947 and 1948. He continued his studies at the Royal College of Music in London, gaining diplomas in piano performance and a doctorate in 1953.
Awards during this time included the Royal College of Music Cobbett Prize for string quartet, the Farrar Prize for composition, and 2nd Prize in the Lionel Tertis Awards. In 1952 he was awarded an Italian Government Bursary and studied composition with Goffredo Petrassi at the Conservatorio Santa Cecilia in Rome.
In 1957 he married Margaret Anne Severs, and later had four children; Sally, Gillian, Mary and William.
After some years working free-lance in London as a teacher, composer, and examiner he returned to New Zealand, where he spent ten years as a lecturer at the University of Auckland. In 1963 he was awarded the Carnegie Travelling Fellowship and toured universities in the United States. From 1967 to 1968 he was Visiting Professor at the School of Music, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, and from 1968 to 1969 Visiting Professor of Theory and Composition at the State University of New York, Buffalo. He then returned to Britain to lecture at Goldsmiths College at the University of London.
In 1970 he moved to Canada where, until his retirement in 1989, he was Professor of Music at Brock University. He was made a Professor Emeritus in 1991. Notable students include John Rimmer.

</doc>
<doc id="18735776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735776" title="Cyrillic digraphs">
Cyrillic digraphs

The Cyrillic script family contains a large number of specially treated two-letter combinations, or digraphs, but few of these are used in Slavic languages. In a few alphabets, trigraphs and even the occasional tetragraph are used.
In early Cyrillic, the digraphs and were used for . As with the equivalent digraph in Greek, they were reduced to a typographic ligature, , and are now written . The modern letters and started out as digraphs, and . In Church Slavonic printing practice, both historical and modern, (which is considered as a letter from the alphabet's point of view) is mostly treated as two individual characters, but is a single letter. For example, letter-spacing affects as if they were two individual letters, and never affects components of . In a context of Old Slavonic language, is a digraph that can replace a letter and vice versa.
Modern Slavic languages written in the Cyrillic alphabet make little or no use of digraphs. There are only two true digraphs: for (Belarusian, Bulgarian, Ukrainian) and for (Belarusian, Ukrainian). Sometimes these digraphs are even considered as special letters of respective alphabets. In standard Russian, however, the letters in and are always pronounced separately. Digraph-like letter pairs include combinations of consonants with the soft sign (Serbian/Macedonian letters and are derived from and ), and or for the uncommon and optional Russian phoneme . Native descriptions of Cyrillic writing system often use the term "digraph" to combinations and (Bulgarian, Ukrainian) as they both correspond to a single letter of Russian and Belarusian alphabets ( is used for , and for ).
Cyrillic uses large numbers of digraphs only when used to write non-Slavic languages; in some languages such as Avar, these are completely regular in formation.
Many Caucasian languages use (Abkhaz), (Kabardian), or (Avar) for labialization, for instance Abkhaz for (sometimes ), just as many of them, like Russian, use for palatalization. Since such sequences are decomposable, regular forms will not be listed below. (In Abkhaz, with sibilants is equivalent to , for instance ж , жь , жә , but this is predictable phonetic detail.) Similarly, long vowels written double in some languages, such as for Abkhaz or for Kirghiz "bear", or with glottal stop, as Tajik "аъ" , are not included.
Archi.
Archi: а́а , аӏ , а́ӏ , ааӏ, гв , гь , гъ , гъв , гъӏ , гъӏв , гӏ , е́е , еӏ , е́ӏ , жв , зв , и́и , иӏ , кк , кв , ккв , кӏ , кӏв , къ , къв , ккъ , къӏ , ккъӏ , къӏв , ккъӏв , кь , кьв , лъ , ллъ , лъв , ллъв , лӏ , лӏв , о́о , оӏ , о́ӏ , ооӏ , пп , пӏ , сс , св , тт , тӏ , тв , твӏ , у́у , уӏ , у́ӏ , хх , хв , ххв , хӏ , хьӏ , ххьӏ , хьӏв , ххьӏв , хъ , хъв , хъӏ , хъӏв , цв , цӏ , ццӏ , чв , чӏ , чӏв , шв , щв , ээ , эӏ 
Avar.
Avar uses for labialization, as in хьв . Other digraphs are:
The ь digraphs are spelled this way even before vowels, as in "made", not *гябуна.
Note that three of these are tetragraphs. However, gemination for the 'strong' consonants in Avar orthography is sporadic, and the simple letters or digraphs are frequently used in their place.
Chechen and Ingush.
Chechen uses the following digraphs:
In Ingush, there are no ejectives, so for example "кӏ" is pronounced . Some of the other values are also different: аь "etc.", уь "etc.", кх (vs. къ ), хь 
The vowel digraphs are used for front vowels for other Dagestanian languages and also the local Turkic languages Kumyk and Nogay. digraphs for ejectives is common across the North Caucasus, as is гӏ for .
Kabardian.
Kabardian uses for labialization, as ӏу . гу is , though г is ); ку is , despite the fact that к is not used outside loan words. Other digraphs are:
Labialized, the trigraph becomes the unusual tetragraph кхъу .
Tabasaran.
Tabasaran uses gemination for its 'strong' consonants, but this has a different value with г.
It uses for labialization of its postalveolar consonants: шв , жв , чв , джь , ь , ччь ).
Tatar.
Tatar has a number of vowels which are written with ambiguous letters that are normally resolved by context, but which are resolved by discontinuous digraphs when context is not sufficient. These ambiguous vowel letters are е, front or back , ю, front or back ; and я, front or back . They interact with the ambiguous consonant letters к, velar or uvular , and г, velar or uvular .
In general, velar consonants occur before front vowels and uvular consonants before back vowels, so it is frequently not necessary to specify these values in the orthography. However, this is not always the case. A uvular followed by a front vowel, as in "kinsman", for example, is written with the corresponding back vowel to specify the uvular value: кардәш. The front value of а is required by vowel harmony with the following front vowel ә, so this spelling is unambiguous.
If, however, the proper value of the vowel is not recoverable by through vowel harmony, then the letter ь is added at the end of the syllable, as in "poet". That is, is written with a ы rather than a и to show that the г is pronounced rather than , then the ь is added to show that the ы is pronounced as if it were a и, so the discontinuous digraph ы...ь is used here to write the vowel . This strategy is also followed with the ambiguous letters е, ю, and я in final syllables, for instance in "cheap". That is, the discontinuous digraphs е...ь, ю...ь, я...ь are used for plus the front vowels .
Exceptional final-syllable velars and uvulars, however, are written with simple digraphs, with ь for velars and ъ for uvulars: "pure", "promise".
Other alphabets.
In the Cyrillization of Mandarin, there are digraphs цз and чж, which correspond to Pinyin "z/j" and "zh." Final "n" is нь, while н stands for final "ng." юй is "yu," but ю "you", ю- "yu-", -уй "-ui".

</doc>
<doc id="18735835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735835" title="National Sports Collectors Convention">
National Sports Collectors Convention

The National Sports Collectors Convention is the largest, annual trade show held in the United States devoted to sports memorabilia. Also known as The National, the convention has been held annually since 1980 when a small handful of sports card collectors convened at a hotel located adjacent to the Los Angeles International Airport. The show changes location each year to allow people from all areas of the country to participate. The show also changes the autograph signers each year.
The 33rd National was held at the Baltimore Convention Center in Baltimore, Maryland, August 1–5, 2012.
The 32nd National was held at the Donald E Stephens Convention Center in Rosemont, Illinois, August 3–7, 2011 and included a total of 89 current and former professional athlete autograph signers.
The 31st annual convention was held August 2010 at the Baltimore Convention Center. In addition to approximately 600 dealer booths which buy, sell and trade sports memorabilia, the National is host to over 60 celebrity autograph guests during its week-long run including names such as Cal Ripken, Jr., Bob Gibson, and John Havlicek. The "Baltimore Business Journal" ranked The National as the show with the highest economic impact for the city in 2010. The estimated impact of $15.48 million surpassed the second-ranked convention by nearly $4 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18735850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735850" title="List of Newcastle United F.C. seasons">
List of Newcastle United F.C. seasons

This is a list of seasons played by Newcastle United Football Club in English football from 1888, when the club first competed in the FA Cup, to the most recent completed season. This list details the club's achievements in all major competitions, and the top scorers for each season.
The club was originally formed as Newcastle East End F.C., who became founding members of the Northern League in 1889. East End were renamed Newcastle United F.C. in 1892 after acquiring Newcastle West End's ground, St James' Park and gained admission to the Football League a year later. Their fifth season in Division Two saw Newcastle finish as runners-up, and despite failing to win promotion through a set of test matches, they did so after the league was extended to 18 teams. Newcastle became Division One champions in the 1904–05 season and also reached the final of the FA Cup, where they were defeated 2–0 by Aston Villa. Their first success in the competition came in 1910 when they beat Barnsley in the 1910 final, after it had gone to a replay.
The club suffered relegation back to Division Two after the 1933–34 season, when they finished in 21st place. They were still competing in the league by the time football was suspended because of the Second World War in 1939, and eventually regained their place in 1948. Newcastle finished mostly in the bottom half of the table during their second spell in the top flight, before again facing relegation after the 1960–61 season. After four seasons they returned to Division One as Division Two champions and qualified for European competition for the first time in the 1968–69 season by participating in the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, which was eventually won by Newcastle; their most recent trophy to date.
Relegation to Division Two occurred in 1978 and the club spent a six year spell back in this division before returning to Division One in 1984, which lasted for five seasons before again facing relegation. After avoiding relegation to Division Two, now the third tier of English football after its restructuring, in 1992, Newcastle gained promotion from Division One as champions to the FA Premier League a year later. Their first season in the Premier League saw a finish in third place, meaning qualification to the UEFA Cup was secured, where they finished in the second round in their first season in the competition. Newcastle came close to winning the Premier League in 1996 and 1997, after finishing as runner-up in the league consecutively. Their record finish in the UEFA Cup came in the 2003–04 season, when they reached the semi-finals, where they were beaten 2–0 on aggregate by Marseille.
Seasons.
Before the foundation of the Premier League (from the beginning of the 1992–93 season), Division 1 was the top division in the league. Subsequently Division 1 became the second from top.

</doc>
<doc id="18735851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735851" title="Bookeen">
Bookeen

Bookeen is French company dealing with eBooks and consumer electronics.
History.
In 2003 after the failure of Cytale (the first European company to make an eBook reader) two former engineers of Cytale, Laurent Picard and Michaël Dahan, bought the intellectual property of the Cytale reading device, the Cybook Gen1. They founded the company, Bookeen, to produce dedicated eBook reading devices. Their first product was the Cybook Gen1. 
The Cybook Gen1 was Bookeen's only product until 2006/2007, when they began exploring E-ink screens. At the time, E-Ink screens were a new technology and claimed to have a near paper-like appearance that did not cause eyestrain. In late 2007 Bookeen began selling the Cybook Gen3, their first eBook reader to use an E-Ink screen.
At the end of 2008, Bookeen started to claim future support for the ePub eBook format. The current firmware supporting it for all models; however, this firmware can not support the older Mobipocket format. Another firmware with support for Mobipocket is still made available so the user can select the desired format. In 2009 they also announced a new product the Cybook Opus a smaller version of the Cybook Gen3 but with some improvements: Better shape, Accelerometer, 1 GByte of user memory, and a 400Mhz CPU.
June 2010 Bookeen published a much improved firmware for Gen3 and Opus devices.
In August 2011, Bookeen launches its own e-book store called BookeenStore.com with ePub and PDF format books, and a selection of free e-books with no DRM.

</doc>
<doc id="18735869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735869" title="Edwin Francis Carpenter">
Edwin Francis Carpenter

Edwin Francis Carpenter (November 1, 1898–February 11, 1963) was an American astronomer.
He was born in Boston, Massachusetts and received his A.B. and A.M. from Harvard University. In 1925 he was awarded a Ph.D. from University of California at Berkeley. He became an instructor at the University of Arizona, and by 1936 he was heading up the Astronomy Department. In 1938 he became directory of Steward Observatory, remaining in that post until 1963. He also served as Vice-president and chairman for the Astronomical Divisions of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Among the subjects of his research were white dwarf stars, supernovae and galactic astronomy. He discovered a relationship between the density of galaxies in a cluster and the size of the cluster: larger clusters have a lower density of galaxies. He provided the data that lead to Willem Jacob Luyten's discovery of UV Ceti, the first known flare star. 
He was married to Ethel and the couple had two children, Roger and Emily. The asteroid 1852 Carpenter is
named after him, while the crater Carpenter on the Moon is co-named in honor of him and James Carpenter.

</doc>
<doc id="18735892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735892" title="Charles Bronson (band)">
Charles Bronson (band)

Charles Bronson was a prolific powerviolence band from DeKalb, Illinois, existing from 1994 to 1997. Although they were often associated with the straight edge scene, only two of the members actually abstained from drug and alcohol use.
Musical style.
Charles Bronson borrowed from the early powerviolence of Infest, who blended youth crew hardcore with the velocity and dissonance of thrashcore. Songs were very brief, and sometimes punctuated by samples taken from various media (including Charles Bronson films). Lyrically, the group tended towards satirical commentary on the hardcore punk scene. The group has been described as a "fast, screaming mess of tall, skinny guys with a lot to say (which you would only know if you read the liner notes)". The group was sometimes criticized for its conceptual take on hardcore and art school tendencies, maintaining a long-standing feud with Felix Havoc of Code 13.
Subsequent endeavors.
Mark McCoy went on to form the thrashcore group Das Oath, with Dutch musicians; Holy Molar, with members of The Locust; and Ancestors, a black metal project. Guitarist Mike Sutfin later became an artist.

</doc>
<doc id="18735896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735896" title="Pat Nally">
Pat Nally

Patrick (Pat) William Nally (March 1857 – November 1891) was a member of the Supreme Council of the Irish Republican Brotherhood and well known Connacht athlete from Balla, County Mayo. It was Nally who suggested to Michael Cusack the idea for what would become the Gaelic Athletic Association. In 1881, he was sentenced to ten years imprisonment in Mountjoy Jail, Dublin, for what became known as the 'Crossmolina Conspiracy' where he was subjected to harsh treatment. Nally died in prison in November 1891, and the resultant Nally G. A. A. Club in Dublin would be closely associated with working class Fenians in the 1890s.
Irish Republican Brotherhood.
Nally was the eldest son and one of six brothers, of a prosperous farmer of 'advanced' nationalist views. Nally from an early age had been a Fenian, and by the late 1870s was a leading organiser of the Irish Republican Brotherhood. He was also present at the founding meeting in August 1879, of the Land League of Mayo, later becoming the Land League. Nally was elected a joint secretary. By 1880, Nally had become a member of the IRB's Supreme Council.
Sport.
Nally became well known in Ireland for organising athletics meetings which were open to all members of the public, where previously athletics meetings had been limited to entrants from the Protestant Ascendancy (the ruling classes). 
In 1879, Michael Cusack met Nally, who had in 1877 attempted to start a nationalist athletics association but it never got off the ground. Cusack found that Nally's views on the influence of British landlordism on Irish athletics were the same as his. Cusack would recall how both Nally and himself while walking through the Phoenix Park in Dublin seeing only a handful of people playing sports in the park so depressed them that they agreed it was time to ""make an effort to preserve the physical strength of our race"." Nally organised a National Athletics Sports meeting in County Mayo in September 1879 which was a success, with Cusack organising a similar event which was open to 'artisans' in Dublin the following April.
Nally as a member of the Irish Fenian movement, was rumoured to have ultimately been the cause of the end of his athletics career, as he was believed to have gone on the run to avoid arrest by the British authorities.
Nally was captured by the British in 1882, and was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment for plotting the murder of land agents.
Pat Nally died in Mountjoy Prison on 9 November 1891. His funeral was organised by James Boland, with whom he had conspired in Manchester.
Legacy.
One of the stands in Croke Park is named after Nally, and is unique for being the only stand in the stadium named after a person who had no connection to the Gaelic Athletic Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18735908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735908" title="Pineola, North Carolina">
Pineola, North Carolina

Pineola is an unincorporated community in Avery County, North Carolina. Its boundaries, in general, span a three-mile radius from the intersection of U.S. Route 221 and NC 181. The area was known as "Saginaw" until the early 20th century.
Pineola is the site of several businesses, including an asphalt plant, a concrete plant, a general store, a sawmill and a small hotel. The Linville River flows through the area, and is impounded by a dam into a small lake for a resort community. The Blue Ridge Parkway passes through the southeast portion of the area. 
During the early 1900s, it was the site of a large logging operation and sawmill, owned by the W.M. Ritter Company. The East Tennessee and Western North Carolina Railroad ("Tweetsie") operated in the community until 1939, when it received permission from the Interstate Commerce Commission, to abandon Pineola.

</doc>
<doc id="18735927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735927" title="Danny Rombley">
Danny Rombley

Danny Rombley (born November 26, 1979 in Amersfoort) is a Dutch baseball player who currently plays for Kinheim and the Dutch national team. He also played six years in the US minor leagues.
Rombley was selected by coach Robert Eenhoorn in the team that represents the Netherlands at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18735940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735940" title="Kun-Liang Guan">
Kun-Liang Guan

Kun-Liang Guan (; 1963-), is a Chinese-born American biochemist. He won the MacArthur Award in 1998.
Career.
In 1963, Guan was born in Tongxiang (Jiaxing, Zhejiang Province), China. In 1982, Guan graduated (B.S.) from the Department of Biology, Hangzhou University (previous and current Zhejiang University). He did his postgraduate study at Purdue University (Ph.D. 1989; Advisor: Prof. Henry Weiner). In 1992, Guan joined the faculty in the University of Michigan (UM) Department of Biological Chemistry. From 1996 to 2000, he was an associate professor at UM. In 2000 Guan became a professor (Halvor Christensen Collegiate Professor in Life Sciences, 2003–2007) at UM.
In 1998, Kun-Liang Guan was rewarded a MacArthur Fellowship, with a grant of $230,000 over five years. Before this, he won the Schering-Plough Award, by the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology (ASBMB).
Guan currently is a professor of the Department of Pharmacology and the Moores Cancer Center at University of California, San Diego (UCSD). Guan's research mainly focuses on cancer biology and the intracellular signal transduction in cell growth regulation. Guan has made seminal contributions in the fields of protein tyrosine phosphatase, Mitogen-Activated Protein (MAP) kinase, and the mammalian Target Of Rapamycin (mTOR) pathways. Guan and his team have published influential papers in, many publications, such as "Cell", "Nature" and "Science".
Research in Dr. Guan's laboratory focuses on intracellular signal transduction in cell growth regulation and cancer biology.
Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) is an autosomal dominant disorder characterized by the development of benign tumors in a wide range of tissues. Mutations in either the TSC1 or TSC2 tumor suppressor gene are responsible for TSC disease. TSC1 and TSC2 proteins form a physical and functional complex.
Recent studies from Guan's laboratory demonstrate that TSC1/TSC2 functions to inhibit the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), which is a central cell growth controller conserved from yeast to human. mTOR integrates a wide range of signals, including growth factors, nutrients, and stress conditions, to regulate cell growth and cell size.
Two distinct TOR complexes, TORC1 and TORC2, have been identified. These two TOR complexes phosphorylate different substrates and have distinct physiological functions. For example, TORC1 phosphorylates the ribosomal S6 kinase (S6K), thereby regulating translation and cell growth.
In contrast, TORC2 phosphorylates and activates AKT, a key kinase involved in cell growth and apoptosis. Guan and his team are interested in how mTOR is regulated by upstream signals, such nutrients and cellular energy levels. In addition, they are studying the mechanism of mTOR activation by the phosphatidyl inositol 3-kinase (PI3K).
The second project in his laboratory is studying the novel Hippo tumor suppressor pathway. Recent genetic studies in Drosophila have shown that the Hippo signaling pathway plays a key role in restricting organ size by controlling both cell proliferation and apoptosis. Components of the Hippo pathway are highly conserved in mammalian cells. Acting down stream of the Hippo pathway is the YAP oncogene, which encodes a transcription co-activator.
Their recent studies have shown that regulation of YAP by the Hippo pathway plays a critical role in cell contact inhibition. Furthermore, YAP is elevated in many human cancers. The main focus of this project is to elucidate the physiological regulation of the Hippo pathway and to understand how dysregulation of the pathway contributes to tumorigenesis.

</doc>
<doc id="18735941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735941" title="List of KSL Live World albums">
List of KSL Live World albums

A concert titled KSL Live World hosted by the visual novel development brand Key under Visual Art's was held in 2008 and again in 2010. The first one, called KSL Live World 2008: Way to the Little Busters! EX, was held on May 10, 2008 in Tokyo, Japan, and again on May 17, 2008 in Osaka, Japan as a part of Key's ten-year anniversary commemoration. The concert featured songs by Lia, Rita, Chata, and Tomoe Tamiyasu who have previously sung songs for singles and albums released under Key's record label Key Sounds Label (KSL). Another concert called KSL Live World 2010: Way to the Kud-Wafter was held in Tokyo on May 21, 2010 and again twice more on May 22, 2010. The concert featured songs sung by Keiko Suzuki, Miyako Suzuta, Aoi Tada, Tomoe Tamiyasu, Chata, Marina, Lia, LiSA, Rita and Riya of Eufonius; however, Riya only appeared at the May 22 concerts.
Three albums were released which consists of two live albums and twos remix album. The first live album was released in December 2008 containing the recording of the May 17, 2008 concert. The second live album was released in December 2010 containing recordings from one of the May 22, 2010 concerts. The first remix album featured remixes of the opening theme "Last regrets" from Key's debut visual novel "Kanon" and was released at 2008 concerts. The second remix album, released at the 2010 concerts, featured remixes of songs from "Clannad, "Little Busters!" and "Kud Wafter". The albums are produced under the record label Key Sounds Label, a division of Visual Art's.
Albums.
"KSL Live World 2008: Pamphlet and Memorial Disc".
KSL Live World 2008: Pamphlet and Memorial Disc is a remix album released on May 10, 2008 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog numbers "KSLC-0001—0002". The album was first released at the Tokyo, Japan showing of Key's tenth anniversary commemoration concert KSL Live World 2008: Way to the Little Busters! EX. The album was also sold at the Osaka, Japan showing of the concert on May 17, 2008. The album contains two CDs in LP-sized packaging, respectively titled A-side and B-side. The A-side contains six remixes of the opening theme of Key's debut visual novel "Kanon", "Last regrets", sung by three different artists; Eiko Shimamiya sings the third track, Lia sings the fifth, and Ayana sings the remaining four songs.
Three of the tracks were previously featured on other singles and albums released by Key Sounds Label and I've Sound. The second track originally appeared on "Last regrets / Kaze no Tadoritsuku Basho" (2006) by Key Sounds Label, the third track came from I've Sound's compilation album "Regret" (1999), and the fifth track appeared on "Recollections" (2001) by Key Sounds Label. The song "Last regrets" was originally written and composed by Jun Maeda of Key, and sung by Ayana. The B-side contains a two-part recording of a group talk of the live performers from the concert. The cover art features the heroines Rin Natsume and Komari Kamikita from Key's visual novel "Little Busters!".
"KSL Live World 2008: Way to the Little Busters! EX".
KSL Live World 2008: Way to the Little Busters! EX is a live album released on December 28, 2008 at Comiket 75 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog numbers "KSLA-0045—0046". The album is the recording of the second KSL Live World 2008 concert held in Osaka, Japan in May 2008, and includes the talks from the MCs in addition to the live music. The album contains two discs with twenty music tracks and eleven MC tracks. Four singers sang at the concert: Chata, Lia, Rita, and Tomoe Tamiyasu. The album is composed, arranged, and produced by Jun Maeda and Shinji Orito, among several others. The musicians at the concert were Hikari Syuyo (guitar), Fire Kawahara (side guitar), UDN (bass), Kenji Maeda (drum), and Katsutoshi (keyboard). Music from five of Key's visual novels were performed: one from "Kanon", two from "Air", six from "Clannad", three from "", and five from "Little Busters!". Two of the songs were from Lia's singles "Birthday Song,Requiem" and "Spica/Hanabi/Moon".
"KSL Live World 2010: Pamphlet Music Disc".
KSL Live World 2010: Pamphlet Music Disc is a remix album released on May 21, 2010 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number "KSLC-0008". The album was first released at the showings of the KSL Live World 2010: Way to the Kud-Wafter concerts. The album contains one disc with six tracks remixing music from "Clannad", "Little Busters!", and "Kud Wafter". The original versions of these songs were played live at the concerts. The album is composed, arranged, and produced by Jun Maeda, Shinji Orito, and Jun'ichi Shimizu. Singers on the album include: Chata, Lia, Rita, Riya, Keiko Suzuki, and Miyako Suzuta.
"KSL Live World 2010: Way to the Kud Wafter".
KSL Live World 2010: Way to the Kud Wafter is a live album released on December 24, 2010 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog numbers "KSLA-0061—0063". The album contains recordings from one of the May 22 KSL Live World 2010 concerts, and includes the talks from the MCs in addition to the live music. The album contains three discs with 27 music tracks and 14 MC tracks. Ten singers sang at the concert: Keiko Suzuki, Miyako Suzuta, Aoi Tada, Tomoe Tamiyasu, Chata, Marina, Lia, LiSA, Rita and Eufonius; however, Eufonius only appeared at the May 22 concerts. The album is composed, arranged, and produced by Jun Maeda and Shinji Orito, among several others. Music from five of Key's visual novels, as well as the "Angel Beats!" anime, were performed. Two of the songs were from Lia's singles "Birthday Song,Requiem" and "Spica/Hanabi/Moon", and one ("Karma") is from Lia's album "Dearly".

</doc>
<doc id="18735949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735949" title="The Third Album">
The Third Album

The Third Album may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18735953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735953" title="Courtney's and Steel's Post Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Courtney's and Steel's Post Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

Courtney's and Steel's Post Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery located near ANZAC Cove on the Gallipoli peninsula in Turkey. It contains the graves of some of the former British Empire troops who died during the Gallipoli Campaign.
The campaign lasted eight months and was fought by British Empire and French forces against the Ottoman Empire in an attempt to force Turkey out of the war and to open a supply route to Russia through the Dardanelles and the Black Sea.
British, French and other Allied troops landed on the Gallipoli Peninsula on 25 April 1915 at Cape Helles in the south whilst Australian and New Zealand troops (the ANZAC corps) landed on the west coast. Courtney's Post was named after Lieutenant-Colonel Richard Courtney of the 14th Australian Infantry Battalion who took command of it on 27 April. Steel's Post, named after Major Thomas Steel was just to the South West of it. Both positions were captured on the day of the landings and held until the Allies withdrew in December. The cemetery contains special memorials to 58 casualties believed to be buried amongst 160 unidentified graves.
Spelling.
Steel's Post was officially, but incorrectly, named Steele's Post. The inscription on the cemetery follows this spelling and labels it Courtney's and Steele's Post but the CWCG lists the cemetery as "Courtney's and Steel's Post".

</doc>
<doc id="18735959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735959" title="Bruce Vento Nature Sanctuary">
Bruce Vento Nature Sanctuary

The sanctuary has a rich ecological and human history. Once a floodplain where Phalen Creek and Trout Brook flowed together into the Mississippi River, the land was used and valued by Native people for thousands of years. The site is home to Wakan Tipi (Spirit House), a sacred Dakota site commonly known as Carver’s Cave. The North Star Brewery was built into the bluff in 1853 and later became Jacob Schmidt's first brewery. In the 1880s the land was claimed for industrial use and became a busy rail yard.
Abandoned in the 1970s, the of land were purchased through a broad partnership, and became a Saint Paul park in 2005.[http://www.stpaul.gov/index.asp?nid=493] An additional of adjacent industrial land were purchased and added to the park in 2008. The sanctuary’s floodplain forests, oak woodlands, prairies and other native ecosystems are being carefully restored and the park has gained state and national recognition for its combination of ecological and cultural resources — and for the community involvement in its transformation.
Owned and operated by the City of Saint Paul, the sanctuary lies within the National Park Service's Mississippi River and Recreation Area. The Lower Phalen Creek Project, an active community-led partnership, assists with ongoing restoration, volunteer activities and interpretation in coordination with Historic Saint Paul. The Trust for Public Land led acquisition efforts and interns from the Community Design Center of Minnesota’s East Side Youth Conservation Corps work to restore the site’s ecology and act as student naturalists. Neighborhood organizations, including the Dayton’s Bluff Community Council and Friends of Swede Hollow, are closely involved in the sanctuary and the adjacent Swede Hollow Park.
Planned efforts include a direct pedestrian/bicycle trail connection to the Mississippi River and redeveloping the land adjacent to the sanctuary for an interpretive center and other park-related use.

</doc>
<doc id="18735960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735960" title="National Festival of Community Theatre">
National Festival of Community Theatre

History.
The NFCT, established in 1927, is a celebration of amateur theatre at local, national and UK level. Each year, the national amateur organisations in the home nations promote a series of one-act play festivals and, through various eliminating rounds, take part in the final stage, the British Final Festival of One Act Plays, when companies and enthusiasts from all over the United Kingdom. A Standing Committee of representatives of the four countries has overall control of the Festival, with each country in turn taking the responsibility for organising it.
The four partners in the NFCT are:
The festivals provide an opportunity for amateur companies to appear in new and varying venues before widely differing audiences, to receive constructive criticism from a qualified adjudicator (GODA), and to compare the standard of their own work with that of the other companies taking part. For audiences, the public adjudication of performances offers a deeper understanding and appreciation of theatre.
The productions from Scotland, England, Wales and Northern Ireland will all have been publicly adjudicated at each stage. The overall winner receives the Howard de Walden Ewer award.
Structure.
Local festivals lead selected companies to a National Final Festival in each country, from which one company is selected to represent its country at the British Final Festival. All four annual rotating host countries of the Final remain in contact throughout the eliminating competition.
British Final Festival of One Act Plays - Results.
The winners of the festival are presented with the Howard de Walden Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="18735978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735978" title="Defence Secretary of Pakistan">
Defence Secretary of Pakistan

Defence Secretary of Pakistan is the highest bureaucratic position within the Ministry of Defence of Pakistan. Following is the list of the defence secretaries to date. At times the post has been designated Secretary General of the Ministry of Defence. 
Currently Nargis Sethi is holding the additional charge of Defence Secretary along with Cabinet Secretary. She was given this additional charge on 11 January 2012 when her predecessor Lt Gen (R) Naeem Khalid Lodhi was dismissed on charges of misconduct and taking unlawful steps following the Memogate Scandal. 

</doc>
<doc id="18735984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735984" title="List of football clubs in Ecuador">
List of football clubs in Ecuador

By FIFA's latest count in 2006, Ecuador is home to 201 football clubs (175 are listed below). Clubs are not only members of the Federación Ecuatoriana de Fútbol, Ecuador's football governing body, but of one of 18 provincial football associations in the country. Clubs play in either in Primera Categoría (divided into Serie A or Serie B) or in Segunda Categoría.
Primera Categoría.
The Primera Categoría is divided into the top-flight Serie A and the second-level Serie B. Each division has twelve clubs. The following are the twenty-four clubs in the Primera Categoría for the 2013 season.
By provincial association.
There are twenty-one provincial football association affiliated with the Ecuadorian Football Federation, each with a number of affiliated clubs.
Azuay.
There are seven clubs affiliated with the Professional Football Association of Azuay (). Home city in parentheses.
Bolívar.
There are five clubs affiliated with the Professional Football Association of Bolívar (). Home city in parentheses.
Cañar.
There are six clubs affiliated with the Professional Football Association of Cañar (). Home city in parentheses.
Chimborazo.
There are seven clubs affiliated with the Non-Amateur Football Association of Chimborazo (). Home city in parentheses.
Cotopaxi.
There are four clubs affiliated with the Non-Amateur Football Association of Cotopaxi (). Home city in parentheses.
El Oro.
There are fifteen clubs affiliated with the Professional Football Association of El Oro (). Home city in parentheses.
Esmeraldas.
There are eleven clubs affiliated with the Non-Amateur Football Association of Esmeraldas (). Home city in parentheses.
Pichincha.
There are sixteen clubs affiliated with the Non-Amateur Football Association of Pichincha (). Home city in parentheses.

</doc>
<doc id="18735990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18735990" title="Yorkshire Belle">
Yorkshire Belle

The Yorkshire Belle is a pleasure cruiser that operates from Bridlington, East Riding of Yorkshire, where it has run daily one hour trips around the Bridlington area between April and October each year. The ship has been in continuous use since its launch in 1947 as a replacement for the original "Yorkshire Belle", which had been used in the evacuation of Dunkirk. 

</doc>
<doc id="18736009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736009" title="Arthur Ochse">
Arthur Ochse

Arthur Ochse is the name of two South African cricketers:

</doc>
<doc id="18736041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736041" title="Free will (disambiguation)">
Free will (disambiguation)

In philosophy, Free will is the ability of agents to make choices unconstrained by certain factors
Free will may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18736043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736043" title="Miss TQI República Dominicana 2008">
Miss TQI República Dominicana 2008

The Miss TQI República Dominicana 2008 pageant was held on January 30, 2008. 26 candidates competed for the national crown. The winner, Lorena Catalina Valerio Batista, represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss Tourism Queen International 2008. Each runner up represented the country in different international pageants.

</doc>
<doc id="18736055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736055" title="Tropical Storm Kammuri (2008)">
Tropical Storm Kammuri (2008)

Severe Tropical Storm Kammuri (international designation: 0809, JTWC designation: 10W, PAGASA name: Julian) was a storm which made landfall on south China, having a maximum wind speed of . The name Kammuri was submitted to the World Meteorological Organisation's Typhoon Committee by Japan and is Japanese for the Corona Borealis constellation of stars.
Severe Tropical Storm Kammuri was the ninth tropical cyclone to occur in the Western North Pacific in 2008, recognised by the Japan Meteorological Agency operationally. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center also recognised Kammuri as the tenth tropical cyclone in the 2008 Pacific typhoon season. The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA), recognised Julian as the 10th tropical cyclone, of the 2008 Pacific typhoon season.
Kammuri developed as a tropical depression on August 4 to the north of the island of Luzon. With the depression then intensifying into a Tropical storm the next day and was assigned the name Kammuri by the Regional Specialized Meteorological Center (RSMC) Tokyo. The following day it reached its peak wind speeds of which made it a weak severe tropical storm. It then made landfall on China in the western Guangdong province this landfall made Kammuri weaken first into a Tropical Storm that evening with the JTWC then issuing their last advisory on Kammuri. Kammuri then emerged into the Gulf of Tonkin the next day, but made a second landfall over China but this time in the Guangxi province of China. After Kammuri made landfall the JMA issued its final advisory on Kammuri.
Heavy rains from Kammuri in Vietnam led to the loss of at least 100 lives and destroyed over 300 homes while damaging over 3,500 others.
Meteorological history.
On August 3 at 1500 UTC, PAGASA identified a tropical disturbance which was located in the South China Sea to the north of Luzon island in the Philippines and designated it as Tropical Depression Julian. Later that day the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) designated Julian as a minor tropical depression and initiated advisories on the tropical depression.
Early the next day the JMA started to issue full advisories on the tropical depression. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) then started to issue warnings on the tropical depression later that day with them designating it as Tropical Depression 10W. Furthermore, later that day both PAGASA and the JTWC upgraded the tropical depression to a tropical storm.
On August 5, the JMA upgraded the depression to a tropical storm and named it Kammuri, whilst PAGASA released their final advisory on Tropical Storm Kammuri (Julian) later that day as it moved out of their Area of Responsibility and headed towards mainland China. The Hong Kong Observatory (HKO) then upgraded Kammuri to a severe tropical storm late on August 5, with the JMA doing the same early the next morning.
However, Kammuri started to weaken after making landfall along the south coast of China in the Western Guangdong Province at about 12pm UTC on August 6. After Kammuri had made landfall the JMA downgraded Kammuri to a tropical storm, whilst the JTWC issued their final advisory later that day on Tropical Storm Kammuri. Early the next day Tropical Storm Kammuri emerged into the Gulf of Tonkin, however later that day Kammuri made landfall again in the Guangxi province of China. After making landfall for the second time on August 7 Kammuri weakened to a tropical depression as the JMA issued its final advisory. However the JMA continued to monitor the depression in their WWJP25 warnings until early on August 8.
Preparations.
Philippines.
As Tropical Depression Julian formed to the north of the Philippines On August 3, PAGASA issued Storm Signal #1, a warning for winds of 30–60 km/h (19–37 mph), for parts of Luzon. The parts of Luzon that were under Public Storm Signal #1 included the Batanes Group of Islands, Babuyan Group of Islands, Calayan Group of Islands, northern Cagayan, Apayao, Ilocos Norte, Ilocos Sur, Abra and La Union. Early on the afternoon of August 4 PAGASA lowered Storm Signal #1 for all regions of Luzon except for Ilocos Norte, Ilocos Sur, Abra, La Union. Early the next morning they lowered the rest of the Public Warning Signals as they released their final advisory on Julian.
China.
Macau.
Late on August 5, the weather bureau of Macau hoisted the Gale or Storm Signal No.8, whilst earlier in the day they had hoisted Strong Wind Signal No.3. The weather bureau of Macau then replaced signal No.8 with signal No.3 as the storm moved away from Macau.
Hong Kong.
Early on August 4, the Hong Kong Observatory (HKO) started to issue public warnings on a tropical depression which was located within of Hong Kong. Within their first advisory on Kammuri the HKO raised the Standby Signal No.1 for Hong Kong Late the next day the HKO hoisted the Strong Wind Signal No.3 which meant that winds above were expected to be blowing in Hong Kong within 12 hours. However during the morning of August 6 the HKO issued the Northeast Gale or Storm Signal No.8. Later that day, the HKO hoisted the Southeast Gale or Storm Signal No.8, which was replacing the 8NE Warning However nine hours later the HKO removed the 8SE warning and downgraded it to Signal No.3 later that day, which was in force for 11 hours before it was downgraded to Signal 1 which was in force for 3 hours before all signals were cancelled.
Impact.
Philippines.
Tropical Storm Julian (Kammuri) did not make landfall in the Philippines. However, it enhanced the southwest monsoon which continued to bring heavy rain to the Philippines. However, no damage was reported in the Philippines
China.
Kammuri affected athletes training for the Olympics which were about to be held within China and Hong Kong.
Macau.
Kammuri caused ferry services between Macau and Guangdong Province to close down. Bus services were cancelled with most plane flights cancelled or severely delayed
Hong Kong.
The impact of Tropical Storm Kammuri was felt strongly in Hong Kong, shortly before its landfall in china, with at least 37 people being injured. The public transport service were halted or reduced and as significant cross winds affected the Hong Kong International Airport the Airport Authority had to cancel or delay over 380 flights with five others diverted to other airports. There were also over 40 reports of fallen trees and collapsed scaffoldings in various districts of Hong Kong. There was a report of a landslide in Tai Hang. At least 10 people had to be evacuated in Kwun Tong as the zinc roof of their hut was blown away.
Vietnam.
When Tropical Storm Kammuri hit Vietnam at least 127 people have been confirmed as dead and 34 others are missing after Kammuri caused flash floods and landslides. Entire towns and villages were cut off. Hundreds of tourists were also landlocked in Sa Pa and in Lào Cai.

</doc>
<doc id="18736077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736077" title="Neftçi">
Neftçi

Neftçi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18736086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736086" title="Naseeb Saliba">
Naseeb Saliba

Naseeb Michael Saliba (1915 – May 22, 2008) was a construction mogul and philanthropist. He was born in 1915 in Ozark, Alabama to Lebanese immigrants, and later moved to Los Angeles, California with his family. In 1942, he founded N.M. Saliba Co., which became one of the most successful heavy construction companies on the West Coast. In 1972, his co-founded the Tutor-Saliba Corporation with Ronald N. Tutor. In 1994, the United States Army Corps of Engineers awarded him its National Contractor of the Year award for civil works projects. By his death in 2008, the Tutor-Saliba Corporation was ranked the 37th largest general contractor in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18736094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736094" title="Thistle Island">
Thistle Island

Thistle Island is in the Spencer Gulf, South Australia, some 200 km west of Adelaide, and northwest of the Gambier Islands. The town of Port Lincoln lies to the northwest of the island. Between them, the Gambier Islands and Thistle form a chain across the mouth of the gulf between the southern tips of the Yorke and Eyre Peninsulas.

</doc>
<doc id="18736140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736140" title="Brittany Brown">
Brittany Brown

Brittany Brown (born August 31) is a female professional wrestler, former promoter and current trainer. She competed in the Ladies Professional Wrestling Association, The Fabulous Moolah's Ladies International Wrestling Association, as well as in Killer Kowalski's International Wrestling Federation, National Wrestling Alliance, World Championship Wrestling, Empire Pro Wrestling, New England Wrestling Federation, World Wide Wrestling Alliance and the World Wrestling Alliance during the 1990s, 2000s and in late 2010 she resumed her career. She has also appeared in numerous videos, DVDs, television shows and magazines including "Pro Wrestling Illustrated", "New Wave Wrestling", "Wrestling Eye", "Fighting Females" and "Wrestling Gold".
Brown is the only female professional wrestler to be awarded and legally defend three women's championship titles at once, keeping all three belts for fifteen years each. She is also one of three female wrestlers, (the others being Akira Hokuto and Lita), to ever step back in the ring and work regularly after suffering a broken neck.
Professional wrestling career.
In 1990, Brown began her training to become a professional wrestler at The Fabulous Moolah's Girl Pro Wrestling School in Columbia, South Carolina under the direct training of The Fabulous Moolah and Donna Christanello. She then trained under Killer Kowalski and was the Ladies Champion of Kowalski's International Wrestling Federation for well over a decade. Brown eventually became one of Kowalski's trainers to both male and female students at his school outside of Boston, Massachusetts. During the same time she was the IWF Ladies Champion, she was also the Ladies Champion of the National Wrestling Alliance and a number of independent promotions including Empire Pro Wrestling, National Wrestling Federation, World Wrestling Alliance and the New England Wrestling Federation. She was known as "The Boston Bad Girl" in many circles, due to her 'in ring' villainous tactics.
In 1999, Brown was honored by the Cauliflower Alley Club along with other female inductees Candi Devine, Sherri Martel, Kitty Adams, and Susan Green. She and the other ladies received their award on the same stage with such male legends as Pedro Morales and Gorilla Monsoon. She won Vermont Wrestler of the Year on at least three occasions and was listed in the Top Ten Best Best Pro Ladies Worldwide in one of the highly respected Japanese publications "Nippon Sports Mook" in 1998.. Brown has received several awards and honors, including being honored by Moolah's LIWA in Las Vegas, Nevada in 1999, receiving a plaque. In 2013 Brown was inducted into the New England Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame.
Brown served as the first ever woman elected to the Board of Directors of the Cauliflower Alley Club in California and was also on the Board of Directors of the Ladies International Wrestling Association (LIWA) in Las Vegas, Nevada.
She and a former partner began a New England-based independent wrestling promotion called the World Wrestling Alliance in 1999. Among its alumni are The Hardy Boyz, Kurt Angle, Edge, Steven Richards, A-Train and many other WWE and WWF stars. Former WWF veteran Danny Davis as well as "WWE Tough Enough" finalists Danny ("Tough Enough 2"), Jonah ("Tough Enough 3") and Taylor Matheny have also made many appearances in the promotion.
On February 27, 1998, Brown beat number-one contender Brandi Alexander and retained her NWA New Jersey Championship title at the "Third Annual Eddie Gilbert Memorial Brawl" at the Airport Radisson Hotel in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The Fabulous Moolah was in Brown's corner while Fred The Elephant Boy from "The Howard Stern Show" was at ringside with Alexander.

</doc>
<doc id="18736147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736147" title="Advent International">
Advent International

Advent International is an American global private equity firm focused on buyouts of companies in Western and Central Europe, North America, Latin America and Asia. The firm focuses on international buyouts, growth and strategic restructuring in five core sectors.
Since its inception in 1984, Advent has raised $26 billion (€19.4 billion) in private equity capital and, through its buyout programs, has completed more than 250 transactions in 35 countries.
Advent operates from offices in 16 countries, with affiliates in a further eight countries and employs over 170 investment professionals.
History.
Advent was originally founded in Boston, Massachusetts as a spin-out from TA Associates by Peter Brooke. Brooke had founded TA Associates in 1968 after having expanded the venture capital operations of TA's parent Tucker Anthony & R.L. Day. In 1985, Advent raised its first fund a $14 million corporate venture capital program for Nabisco. In 1987, the firm raised the $225 million International Network Fund, its first institutional private equity fund. The firm raised its first European fund in 1989, when the $231 million European Special Situations Fund and opened its London office.
Advent continued its expansion in the 1990s, opening offices in Frankfurt and Milan and merging with UK-based Trinity Capital Partners. In 1994, Advent completed fundraising for the first of its flagship series of funds Advent Global Private Equity (GPE) II with $415 million. In 1996, Advent expanded into Latin America raising a dedicated Advent Latin American Private Equity Fund and opening offices in Buenos Aires, Mexico City, and Sao Paulo.
Advent crossed the billion dollar mark in 1997, with the raising of the $1.2 billion Advent Global Private Equity (GPE) III and in the last few years of the 1990s, Advent raised additional sector funds focused on media and communications as well as healthcare and life sciences. Advent's founder, Peter Brooke, stepped down as the firm's CEO in 1996.
Through the 2000s, Advent's expansion accelerated as the firm raised additional funds for its various fund families and opening new offices in Europe and Asia. Advent's sixth global private equity fund, raised in 2008 closed with €6.6 billion of investor commitments and the firm raised an additional €1 billion for investments in central Europe.
Investments.
Advent began to invest in Poland in 1995. In total, they have made 13 investments in Poland across multiple sectors, including construction materials, food and beverages, financial services, rail equipment, construction chemicals and the cable industry.
Advent acquired the British variety store chain Poundland in 2002 and has investments in the Fat Face clothing brand and extended warranty firm Domestic & General.
In 2004 Advent-owned fund Viva Ventures bought the Bulgarian state-owned telecoms monopoly Bulgarian Telecommunications Company (now Vivacom). The company was sold to AIG in 2007.
Advent bought a majority ownership of Bradco Supply, a leading distributor of building products in 2008.
Advent has acquired a number of companies in Central and Eastern Europe through its dedicated regional funds. These include Romanian Ceramica IASI, one of Romania’s leading ceramic bricks and clay roof tiles producers, Bolix, a leading Polish producer of construction chemicals, Dufa Deutek, Romania’s largest decorative paints producer, and LaborMed Pharma, which manufactures and distributes generic pharmaceuticals primarily for cardiovascular and central nervous system aliments.
In 2007 Advent's Asia affiliate led the restructuring of Yangzijiang Shipbuilding, one of China's largest privately owned shipbuilders, and successfully listed the company on the Singapore Exchange; making it one of the largest IPOs by a foreign company in Singapore.
In March 2009 Advent announced the acquisition of a controlling interest in Fifth Third Processing Solutions, the payment processing business of Fifth Third Bank in a $2.35 billion transaction. The transaction represented one of the largest private equity transactions completed in 2009 amidst the Financial crisis of 2007–2010. The deal was completed in June 2009.
In November 2009 Advent announced a public tender offer to acquire 100% of Wydawnictwa Szkolne i Pedagogiczne S.A. (WSiP), the largest Polish educational publisher.
In April 2010, Advent took over the company DFS in the United Kingdom. In August 2010 Advent International was credited with spawning the takeover of Mexicana Airlines by an outside investor group. Advent International has no equity investment stakes in the takeover according to published sources.
In 2011 Advent acquired Mondo Minerals Holding B.V., the second largest global talc producer and British mental health care provider, Priory Group, best known for providing mental health treatments to celebrities such as Eric Clapton and Johnny Depp.
In August, 2011 Advent International acquired Bojangles' Famous Chicken 'n Biscuits, a regional chain of quick service restaurants based in Charlotte, North Carolina.
As of October 1, 2013 Advent International had reached agreement with Vista Equity Partners to acquire P2 Energy Solutions.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18736150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736150" title="Scotby railway station">
Scotby railway station

There were two Scotby railway stations situated in the village of Scotby, two miles outside of Carlisle, England. Both have closed.
Newcastle and Carlisle Railway.
This railway station () was originally built to help accommodate the two tanneries located in the village. The station was closed in 1959, due to financial problems, some 4 years before the Beeching Axe.
Settle-Carlisle Railway.
The Settle-Carlisle Railway station () was closed in February 1942. Since then, the station yard has been sold for housing, so the former station building and the former Station Master's house now form part of a row of houses which back onto the railway line, which is still in use.

</doc>
<doc id="18736170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736170" title="Jemena">
Jemena

SPI (Australia) Assets Pty Ltd (SPIAA), branded as Jemena for its operations within Australia, is an Australian energy infrastructure company. It is owned by Singapore Power.
History.
Jemena was formed as AlintaGas in January 1995 when the vertical monopolist energy supplier, the State Energy Commission of Western Australia, was disaggregated into separate gas and electricity corporations. On 13 July 2000 legislation was passed by the Government of Western Australia for the sale of AlintaGas which subsequently listed on the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) on 17 October 2000.
On 8 May 2003 AlintaGas Ltd officially changed its name to Alinta Limited. The word "Alinta" is derived from the word for fire in a traditional language of an Aboriginal tribe from Victoria.
Alinta acquired infrastructure assets and the "Agility" business from AGL through a combination of merger and demerger transactions on 25 October 2006.
The company was eventually acquired on 31 August 2007 by a consortium including Babcock & Brown funds and Singapore Power, the largest utility company in the city-state. after putting up a bid of A$13.9 billion, beating out a rival bid by Macquarie Bank. After acquisition, the Alinta businesses were split up. The majority of eastern assets were owned by an Alinta subsidiary which on 4 August 2008 changed name to Jemena, an Aboriginal word that means "to hear, listen and think". Later the company was wholly transferred to Singapore Power and its name was changed to SPI (Australia) Assets Pty Ltd, while it continues to use Jemena as a brand name.
Alinta Limited is now known as Westnet Infrastructure Group Limited.
Assets.
Jemena's main assets and activities are:

</doc>
<doc id="18736176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736176" title="1996–97 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. season">
1996–97 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. season

The 1996–97 season was Sheffield Wednesday F.C.'s 130th season in existence. They competed in the twenty-team Premiership, the top tier of English football, finishing seventh.
Season summary.
A four-match winning start to the season saw Sheffield Wednesday top the Premiership and manager David Pleat receive Manager of the Month award for August, but they soon fell out of the title frame and in the end, despite losing just nine games in the league, they finished seventh in the final table - not even enough for UEFA Cup qualification; they could easily have finished higher had they not drawn as many as 15 games (making it 30 points they dropped). In the close season, Pleat paid a club record £5.7 million for Celtic's Italian forward Paolo Di Canio, giving his squad a much-needed boost to their hopes of challenging for honours.
Final league table.
P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
Results.
"Sheffield Wednesday's score comes first"
Squad.
[http://www.footballsquads.co.uk/eng/1996-1997/faprem/sheffwed.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18736204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736204" title="Fabric Freshener">
Fabric Freshener

Fabric Freshener is a small home appliance marketed by the Whirlpool Corporation. It was first launched in September 2005. The product is a steamer/dryer that through a patented technology uses distilled water to remove odors and wrinkles from garments and proposes saving money by reducing the number of required trips to the dry cleaners.
The Fabric Freshener was given an Industrial Design Excellence Award (IDEA) for Consumer Product in 2005. 
In its January 2006 issue, Good Housekeeping honored The Fabric Refresher with its prestigious "Good Buy" award. The award recognizes ground-breaking technology and innovation that makes people's lives easier. 
The Fabric Freshener has appeared or been mentioned on numerous television & print media avenues including the CBS Early Show, The Washington Post and The Wall Street Journal. 

</doc>
<doc id="18736216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736216" title="Amble railway station">
Amble railway station

Amble railway station was the terminus of the Amble branch line, which diverged from the East Coast Main Line at Chevington in Northumberland, Northern England. The branch opened in 1849 and closed to passengers in 1930, leaving Acklington as the nearest station to Amble. The station remained open for goods and coal until final closure in 1969.
History.
Opened by the North Eastern Railway, it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station closed to passengers seven years later, but the goods service then passed on to the Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then withdrawn by the British Railways Board.
The station has been demolished and the site is now a public carpark.

</doc>
<doc id="18736223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736223" title="Bottleneck (K2)">
Bottleneck (K2)

The Bottleneck is a location along the South-East Spur, known also as Abruzzi Spur — the most used route to the top of K2, the second-highest mountain in the world in the Karakoram on the Pakistan/China border.
The Bottleneck is a narrow couloir, which is overhung by seracs from the ice field east of the summit. The couloir is located only 400m below the summit, and climbers have to traverse about 100m exposed to the seracs to pass it. Due to the height (8200m) and the steepness (50-60 degrees) this stretch is the most dangerous part of the route. According to AdventureStats, 13 out of the last 14 fatalities on K2 have occurred at or near the Bottleneck.
Despite all the dangers, the Bottleneck is still technically the easiest and the fastest route to the summit. Most climbers choose to use it to minimize time required to spend above 8,000 metres (the "death zone"). The standard route, the Abruzzi (SE) Ridge, as well as the Cesen route (SSE Ridge, which joins SE Ridge), and the American variety on the NE Ridge (traverse across E Face to SE Ridge), all attain the summit via the Bottleneck.
The climbers approaching the bottleneck start from a "shoulder", an almost level ground just below 8,000 metres, where typically the highest camp is located. The bottom end of the couloir drops to the south face of the mountain, and it gradually steepens to 60 degrees just below the ice field. It is not possible to climb up the icefield, which rises straight up tens of metres, but one has to traverse leftwards at the bottom of the icefield 100 metres until it is possible to pass the icefield.
It is possible to pass the Bottleneck by rock-climbing the cliffs on the left. Unfortunately their technical difficulty is quite high, so this slow-going alternative has only been done once, by Fritz Wiessner and Pasang Dawa Lama Sherpa in 1939.
On August 4, 2009, Dave Watson became the first person in history to ski down the Bottleneck.

</doc>
<doc id="18736228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736228" title="Iguchi">
Iguchi

Iguchi (written: 井口 lit. "well mouth") is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18736230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736230" title="Steephead valley">
Steephead valley

A steephead valley, steephead or blind valley is a deep, narrow, flat bottomed valley with an abrupt ending. Such valleys arise in limestone or karst landscapes, where a layer of permeable rock lies above an impermeable substrate such as marl. They are created by a stream flowing within the permeable rock and eroding it from within, until the rock above collapses opening up a steep narrow valley which is then further eroded by the stream running across the impermeable valley floor. At the head of the valley the stream emerges from the rock as a spring. Notable examples can be found in the Jura region of France, for example the Reculée de Baume at Baume-les-Messieurs and the Reculée d'Arbois with its head at Les Planches-près-Arbois and its exit at Arbois.
In North America, blind valleys (the preferred American term) are found in the Driftless Area.

</doc>
<doc id="18736239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736239" title="Israel Defense Prize">
Israel Defense Prize

The Israel Defense Prize, in honor of Eliyahu Golomb, is a prize awarded annually to people and organizations who made significant contributions to the defense of the State of Israel.
The prize was first awarded in 1958 and it is awarded each year by the President of Israel in proximity to the Israeli Day of Independence. It is usually given for exceptional technological breakthroughs, alongside an annual award for lifetime achievements. Until 2003 there have been 730 recipients.
The recipients are chosen by the Minister of Defense on the basis of recommendations given by an external committee appointed by the Minister. In 2008 the award was for the sum of 36,000 NIS.
Recipients of the Israel Defense Prize usually remain in confidentiality for various periods of time. Some of the past recipients include Israel Tal, Moshe Arens, Uzi Gal and various teams of the Intelligence corps, the Mossad, the General Security Service and weapon industries.

</doc>
<doc id="18736244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736244" title="Oilogosphere">
Oilogosphere

The Oilogosphere is the name collectively applied to blogs that cover the Edmonton Oilers ice hockey team. They are widely considered to be among the best and most popular hockey blogs on the internet, with Globe and Mail sportswriter James Mirtle estimating in late 2007 that "five or six" of the best hockey blogs were members of the Oilogosphere. Many of its flagship blogs started in 2005, near the end of the 2004–05 NHL lockout (though Edmonton journalist Colby Cosh was making Oilers-related posts on his blog before that time). Observers have credited the Oilogosphere with providing greater depth and drawing the reader in more effectively than the mainstream media. Reviews of the Oilogosphere in the print media have generally been positive, with one reviewer praising it for its "smart, opinionated, ferocious and utterly entertaining commentary and analysis". The Oilogosphere averages 10,000 hits per day not counting people who visit the official Oilers site or read the sports stories online.
Members.
Though the Oilogosphere has no clear borders, some of its more prominent blogs include:

</doc>
<doc id="18736245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736245" title="List of compositions by Scott Joplin">
List of compositions by Scott Joplin

The following is a complete list of musical compositions by Scott Joplin (ca. 1867–April 1, 1917).
Scott Joplin was born in Northeast Texas in around 1867, just outside of Texarkana, and died April 1st 1917 in New York of dementia brought on by advanced syphilis. He was an American composer and pianist, who achieved fame for his ragtime compositions, and was dubbed "The King of Ragtime". During his brief career, Joplin wrote over 40 original ragtime pieces, one ragtime ballet, and two operas. One of his first pieces, the "Maple Leaf Rag" (1899) has been recognized as the archetypal rag and influenced subsequent rag composers for at least 12 years thanks to its rhythmic patterns, melody lines, and harmony.
His finances were precarious throughout his career, despite a steady income from the "Maple Leaf Rag". Joplin had the majority of his works published by John Stark of Sedalia, Missouri although he did use other lesser-known companies including his own "Scott Joplin Music Publishing Company". His first opera "A Guest of Honor" was lost after an unsuccessful tour in 1903. After the death of his widow, Lottie, in 1953 a number of manuscripts of unpublished work were lost and no copies of them are known to exist. 
When Joplin was learning the piano, serious musical circles condemned ragtime because of its association with the vulgar and inane songs of Tin Pan Alley. As a composer Joplin refined ragtime, developing it from the dance music played by pianists in brothels in cities like St. Louis. This new art form, the classic rag, combined Afro-American folk music's syncopation and nineteenth-century European romanticism, with its harmonic schemes and its march-like tempos, in particular the works of John Philip Sousa. With this as a foundation, Joplin intended his compositions to be played exactly as he wrote them – without improvisation. Joplin wrote his rags as "classical" music to raise ragtime above its "cheap bordello" origins and produced work which opera historian Elise Kirk described as "...more tuneful, contrapuntal, infectious, and harmonically colorful than any others of his era."
There are many inconsistencies between the titles of compositions, their subtitles and their respective cover titles, which was seen by the editor of the collected works as reflecting "an editorial casualness" on the part of the publishers, and indicating a genre in which many different dance-steps could be performed interchangeably. Many of the works cannot be dated with certainty and the pieces were not always sent to the Copyright Office for copyright registration. In many cases the publication date is the only indication of when the piece was composed. 

</doc>
<doc id="18736251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736251" title="American Securities">
American Securities

American Securities LLC (AS) is a private equity investment firm focusing on leveraged buyout transactions. AS focuses primarily on investments in the United States and Canada.
American Securities LLC is based in New York City and traces its roots to the family office founded in 1947 by William Rosenwald to invest and manage his share of the Sears, Roebuck & Co. fortune. In the late 1980s, AS transitioned from a family office into a third-party investment management firm. In 1994, AS transitioned exclusively to its current focus on private equity investments.
The firm currently has more than $8 billion of capital under management. American Securities Partners V, with a 68.8% annual return since inception in 2008, is among the top performing private equity funds raised from 2006-2008.
Previous Investments.
Source: American Securities website

</doc>
<doc id="18736287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736287" title="Evans Ashira">
Evans Ashira

Evans Ashira (born 28 December 1969) is a boxer who is best known for his loss to Joe Calzaghe in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18736289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736289" title="The Godfather II (video game)">
The Godfather II (video game)

The Godfather II is a 2009 video game based on "The Godfather Part II", a 1974 crime drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola and co-written by Coppola and Mario Puzo. The game is published by Electronic Arts and was released on the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows. This is also a sequel to "", which was also developed and published by EA in 2006. The game was released on April 7, 2009 in North America, April 9 in Europe and April 5 in Australia. "The Godfather II" is played from a third-person perspective. It also contains some strategy elements, as the player's character battles rival families and take over businesses to ultimately become a "don" ruling over many cities. 
Robert Duvall reprises his role as consigliere Tom Hagen in both voice and likeness as he did in the first game. However, Al Pacino, who played Don Michael Corleone in the film did not provide his likeness or voice and the character of Michael was changed significantly in the game itself. The movie's plot is not entirely adapted as the lengthy flashback sequences, involving a young Vito in 1920's New York, are not adapted for the game.
Gameplay.
Many gameplay elements from the original game return in the sequel, some expanded and improved. Like the first game, "The Godfather II" is a third-person shooter taking place in an open world, and both story-based and side missions involve gunplay, hand-to-hand fighting, and driving. However, the sequel features "Black Hand 2.0" control scheme where the player can grab, knee, kick, and head-butt enemies. In a gun fight, the player can use target-lock or freely aim at specific parts of an enemy, and a disarmed or injured enemy can be approached and executed with a unique killing blow that depends on the weapon and the enemy's condition. Each of the weapons in the game, including handguns, shotguns, and sub-machine guns, have its own level and statistics, and the player is able to purchase licenses to use higher level weapons with more skill.
Much emphasis was placed on the squad mechanic, where the player can directly command a group of soldiers to strategically coordinate the attack. In addition, each soldier is able to use a special skill such as hand-to-hand combat or demolition expertise. By using these skills, multiple approaches will be possible when assaulting a business location or a rival family's compound.
In addition to the third-person action gameplay, the game features a strategy aspect that manages the Corleone criminal empire. In the "Don's View," a strategic overview of the game world, the player can order members of the family to expand or protect his territory. Taking over businesses is the main source of cash and reputation, in addition to the perks from controlling the specific type of business. The player's soldiers can be either ordered to take over the target or directly led by the player himself. This strategic gameplay is said to take up about 20% of the whole game.
Players can also, if they wish, rob banks with the help of a safecracker and will usually earn around $10,000.
Rival families will actively attack and sabotage the player's establishments in order to dominate the three cities. To weaken the rival family, businesses under the control of enemies can be attacked and taken over. Also, enemy mafiosos can be shot down during gun battles, but key members will only be critically wounded and return after a period of recovery. In order to remove them for good, the player must gather information and assassinate the target in a particular context relating to the plot of the game.
"The Godfather II" features a third-person shooter multiplayer mode that supports up to 16 players online. There are currently 6 maps and 4 gameplay modes announced. Multiplayer matches can be also yield in-game cash and weapon licenses that can be carried over to the single player mode.
Plot.
Setting.
"The Godfather II" takes place in the late 1950s and early 1960s over three cities: Havana, Cuba, New York City, and Miami, Florida. Michael Corleone orders the player character, Dominic, to take charge of the family after the death of his boss and New York Don Aldo Trapani, the protagonist and player character of "The Godfather: The Game". Now as Dominic, the player leads the family to defeat rival international families and take control of various businesses and crime rings, in order to become the most powerful Don in America and Cuba.
Story.
The plot of the game borrows heavily from the movie, but also differs in many aspects. Some major events are out of order (for example, the invasion in Cuba is placed before the attempt on Frank Pentangeli's life), and others are rewritten (such as Hyman Roth's death).
The game begins on December 31, 1959 in Havana, Cuba, 4 years after Aldo Trapani (Rick Pasqualone) assisted in the assassinations of the Dons of the Stracci, Cuneo, Tattaglia and Barzini families (In the first game) and also when Aldo was promoted to Don of NYC. Hyman Roth (Danny Jacobs) has arranged for a meeting in which various Mafia Families discuss plans to divide territory in Cuba amongst themselves. Among those families are the Manganos, the Granados, and the Corleones, including the Almeidas, who sent their soldier, Alejandro Almeida (Vic Polizos), down to the meeting. Aldo Trapani, Fredo Corleone (John Mariano) and Dominic (Chris Cox), the new protagonist, are present at the meeting as well. 
Six weeks after the riot in Cuba, two of the Corleone's caporegimes, Carmine and Tony Rosato (Ralph Peduto and Ed Francis Martin), better known as the Rosato Brothers, renege on their former side to begin building their own organized crime families. Dominic is then tasked with recruiting underling soldiers and re-acquiring Carmine's newly-owned profit rackets in New York. After Dominic has managed to reclaim a number of Carmine's rackets, Carmine offers to hold a truce meeting with Dominic and Corleone caporegime Frank Pentangeli (Gavin Hammon) to negotiate for peace. The meeting, however, turns out to be a setup. Dominic manages to escape thanks to a police officer entering the building, but Frank is apparently killed by being strangled by a garotte. After taking over the rest of Carmine's rackets and eliminating all of Carmine's made men, Dominic eliminates Carmine and his remaining men at his compound and then orders one of his men to bomb the building's gas main effectively destroying the compound and the remains of the Carmine Rosato family.
After Carmine's death, Hyman Roth contacts Dominic and asks him to come to Miami, Florida, so he can rescue his associate, Steven Ciccoricco (Joe Paulino), who was kidnapped by the Granados Family. Following the rescue, Dominic allies himself with Roth and is aided by Fredo (who was sent by Michael Corleone to help at the hotels). Dominic establishes himself in Miami and gradually takes over businesses from the Granados Family and Tony Rosato, eventually eliminating them at their compounds later on. When Don Samuele Mangano (Joe Paulino) moves his organization to Miami, Dominic wisely chooses to offer an alliance with them, which Samuele accepts. A few hours later, Fredo calls Dominic and wants to have a drink at Dominic's Florida Safehouse, Dominic and Fredo are suddenly ambushed there, but both survive the attack, thanks to Dominic's quick actions. Fredo, suspecting the Mangano Family to be guilty, breaks the alliance, also believing that Mangano's smuggling men and guns into Florida to start a war. After killing Hector Santos as a favor for Charlie Green (Robert Ernst) to gain access to the island that Mangano's Warehouse is on, Dominic's family raids and takes over the Warehouse. Mangano calls Dominic shortly after and says that he was not behind the hit and says that they need to have a sitdown at an old warehouse on Dodge Island. However, instead of Mangano being there, his consigliere, Paulo Riccitello (Ralph Peduto), is there instead. 
Paulo tells Dominic that the Mangano's were not behind the hit attempt and that if they had wanted Dominic killed he'd already be dead. During the meeting, Giorgio Strozzi, a Mangano Underboss, leads an assault to take over six of Dominic's rackets. Later, Fredo tells Dominic to go to Hyman Roth who knows not only how to reason with the Manganos, but also how to fix the problem. But he can't help Dominic unless he's willing to help him. Roth reintroduces Dominic to CIA Agent Henry Mitchell (Chris Edgerly), who is plotting to assassinate Fidel Castro. This situation pays homage to rumors that the CIA hired Mafia members to try and assassinate Castro. Dominic is sent to Havana and tries to kill Castro with a sniper rifle, but fails, as one of Castro's high-ranking officials, Don Esteban Almeida (Sasha Roiz) had prior knowledge of the assassination attempt and alerted the authorities. It is also suggested in various scenes that Roth was working with the Almeida Family to set Dominic up. Which explains why Mitchell and Roth wanted Dominic to assassinate the dissident leaders, removing all of Batista's (Sergio Gonzales) supporters would keep Castro as the president. 
When Dominic returns to account his failures to Michael, they learn that Frank Pentangeli is alive, ready to testify against the Corleones at a Senate Investigation into organized crime. Dominic rescues Frank's brother, Vincenzo (Joe Paulino), from Hyman Roth's kidnappers, and Vincenzo convinces Frank to recant his testimony. But the family has other problems. Henry Mitchell has gone rogue, and Fredo has unwittingly betrayed Michael, due to Roth's manipulation. With the Senate Hearing out of the way, Michael decides that his enemies need to be eliminated. After killing Mitchell and destroying the rest of the rival families in all three cities, Dominic and his men carry out their last mission: Assassinating Hyman Roth. After a tense shootout in the Miami International Airport with Roth's men, airport security and the police, Dominic assassinates Roth and successfully escapes to the previously taken over Mangano Compound. When Dominic corners an unarmed and cowering Roth, the player has the opportunity to engage in dialogue - Dominic demands to know why Roth betrayed him and tried to have him killed, to which Hyman responds in a melancholy tone the famous quote "This is the life we chose". (In the original movie, Michael's soldier Rocco Lampone is sent, goes in disguised as a reporter to kill Roth, and is soon shot. Dominic instead shoots his way through the police, corners Roth as he is just getting off of his plane, and escapes alive). Michael congratulates Dominic on a job well done, and tells him his future in the family is secure. The family welcomes him in, calling him Godfather. The game ends with a reenactment of Fredo's murder from the original film, with Dominic's voice heard saying "Fredo, I'm sorry".
Development.
The development of the sequel was hinted at from as early as 2007, and EA officially revealed the game in August 2008.
After was released on both "current gen" video game consoles and "next gen" consoles over 2006 and 2007, its engine was further developed by EA for use in "next gen" EA titles, such as "The Godfather II" and "Dead Space".
In accordance with the game, a spin-off based on "The Godfather II" was created as a Facebook application, entitled "The Godfather II Crime Rings". Based on the crime rings system from the upcoming video game, the application allows participants to create a mobster (similar to the MobFace feature from the video game) and takeover rackets to build crime rings, making money, and becoming a Don. The Five Families featured in the game are the same as those in "The Godfather II", and the application provided the first look at the families, revealing their names and locations. Players are randomly placed into these families upon joining the application. A player starts off as a soldier, makes their way up to capo, followed by underboss, and lastly, Don.
EA announced on March 9 that the game has gone gold for the April 7th release in North America.
In April 2009, EA had sent out brass knuckles, which are illegal weapons to possess in several states, to games writers to promote the game. Realizing the issue, EA contacted all the people they shipped out to on April 10, requesting that they return the items so they can be properly disposed of.
Downloadable content.
On April 23, 2009, Electronic Arts released downloadable content for "The Godfather II" over Xbox Live and on the PlayStation Network. Two new multiplayer maps were made available for download. Also, a new available crew member, called Jimmy Lira, can be promoted in the Jack of All Trades pack. Like its predecessor, "The Godfather II" also introduced level 4 weapons for the game, which included the modern Dillinger and other weapons that are the most powerful in a game.
PlayStation Home.
EA has released a space for "The Godfather II" on the PlayStation 3's online community-based service PlayStation Home. This space offers the users five poker tables for "No Limit Texas Hold'em" and the users can check out promotional video and concept art. This space was released on April 9, 2009 in the North American version of PlayStation Home. As an opening day event for the space, the Home Managers had a "Celebrity Poker Night" where the users dressed their avatars in costumes and gathered in the space to play poker.
Reception.
The game has had mixed, but overall fair reviews. The issues the majority of reviewers mentioned were the easy difficulty, numerous bugs and glitches and the poor AI.
IGN, awarding the game a 7.7, praised the gameplay that balances strategy and action, and was accepting of the game's interpretation of the story. However, the review criticized the game as too easy, mainly because of the passive enemy AI in the strategy portion and overpowered friendly soldiers. Visuals and dialogues were commended for the stylish recreation of the settings and characters, but many technical issues with the graphics were noted. GameSpot was much more critical of the game, giving out 4.5 and calling the game "uninspired, repetitive, and unfinished." Both the friendly and enemy AI have been harshly criticized for difficulty in pathfinding, refusing to follow orders, and being too easy to defeat in combat. The open-world design was called to be "inconsistent," limiting the freedom of the player seemingly at random. The "dated" visuals and various glitches were also criticized. The multiplayer was described as "functional rather than fun." 
"The Godfather II" has been banned in the United Arab Emirates due to some nudity in-game.

</doc>
<doc id="18736298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736298" title="Hyun-jin Ryu">
Hyun-jin Ryu

Hyun-jin Ryu (Hangul: 류현진 ; Hanja: 柳賢振; born March 25, 1987) is a South Korean starting pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball. In 2013, after spending seven seasons with the Hanwha Eagles of KBO, Ryu became the first player from the KBO to join a MLB team via the posting system. Ryu was also the first South Korean to serve as the starting pitcher of a Major League Baseball postseason game.
Early life and education.
Ryu was born in Incheon, South Korea on March 25, 1987, and attended Incheon's Dongsan High School. He is working towards a master's degree in community physical education in Daejeon University.
Career.
Amateur.
In 2004, Ryu underwent Tommy John surgery and didn't pitch in any official games as a result. In 2005, he led his team to the Blue Dragon Open National High School Championship, pitching 22 consecutive scoreless innings as the team's ace and batting .389 in the tournament. He was named Best Pitcher.
In 2005, Ryu was selected for the South Korea national junior team that was runner-up in the 6th Asian Junior Baseball Championship in Seoul, South Korea. Ryu started the semifinal match against Chinese Taipei, and helped his team reach the final, recording ten strikeouts and giving up one unearned run on four hits in six innings. During the competition, he pitched eight innings with 14 strikeouts, and gave up an unearned run on five hits in three games (one start).
Hanwha Eagles (2006–2012).
In July 2005, Ryu was selected by the Hanwha Eagles as the 1st pick in the second round of the 2006 KBO Draft, and made his professional debut on April 12, 2006. In his rookie year of 2006, Ryu finished with an 18–6 win-loss record, a 2.23 ERA and 205 strikeouts in 201.2 innings pitched. He earned the pitching Triple Crown, and was eventually named both Rookie of the year and Player of the Year. He became the only player in KBO history to win both the Rookie of the Year award and the MVP award in the same season.
In August 2008, Ryu competed for the South Korea national baseball team in the 2008 Beijing Olympics, where they won the gold medal in the baseball tournament. In the team's third game of round-robin play, Ryu pitched a 1–0 complete game shutout victory over Canada, giving up five hits. In the gold medal game against Cuba, he pitched 8 innings, allowing two earned runs in a 3–2 victory.
In March 2009, he represented the South Korea national baseball team in the 2009 World Baseball Classic, where the team was the runner-up to the eventual champion, Japan. In 2010, Ryu played in the 2010 Asian Games, where the South Korea national baseball team won the gold medal in baseball. On May 11, 2010, Ryu became the first pitcher in history to strike out 17 batters in a nine-inning game, against the LG Twins at Cheongju Sports Complex - Baseball Stadium.
In 2012, Ryu finished with a 2.66 ERA and 210 strikeouts, but earned only a 9-9 win-loss record and ten no decisions. Ryu repeatedly expressed his desire to play in the United States for Major League Baseball and scouts from many MLB teams visited Korea to see Ryu's pitching. Finally, on October 29, 2012, the Eagles announced that Ryu would be posted as early as November 1, 2012 to allow MLB teams to bid for the rights to negotiate with him.
Los Angeles Dodgers (2013–present).
On November 9, 2012, the Eagles accepted the reported bid of $25,737,737.33 from the Los Angeles Dodgers, giving them a 30-day period to try to negotiate a contract with Ryu. On December 9, he was signed to a 6 year, $36 million deal, that included the option to opt out after the 5th year if certain performance benchmarks were reached (750 innings pitched by year 5, an average of 150 innings/year).
Ryu made his Major League Baseball debut in a start against the San Francisco Giants on April 2, 2013. He allowed 10 hits in 6.1 innings but only one earned run. Ryu picked up his first Major League win on April 7 over the Pittsburgh Pirates. On April 13 against the Arizona Diamondbacks, he recorded his first major league hit with a double in the third inning. He wound up 3 for 3 at the plate in the game, the first Dodgers pitcher to get three hits in a game since Randy Wolf in 2009. This game was also his 100th career win, in South Korea and the U.S. combined.
On May 1, 2013, Ryu pitched six innings against the Colorado Rockies and struck out 12 batters, his highest strikeout count in an MLB game so far.
On May 28, 2013, Ryu pitched a complete game shutout against the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, striking out seven batters, walking none, and conceding only two hits. It was the first shutout in Ryu's MLB career and the first shutout for a Korean-born pitcher since Chan-Ho Park and Sun-Woo Kim. In 30 starts with the Dodgers in 2013, Ryu was 14–8 with a 3.00 ERA. He was selected by Baseball America to their annual "All-Rookie team".
On October 6, 2013, Ryu became the first South Korean to serve as the starting pitcher of a Major League Baseball postseason game.
Popularity.
While there have been South Korean players in the MLB, such as Chan Ho Park and Shin-Soo Choo, Ryu enjoys an almost unprecedented popularity amongst South Korean baseball players, drawing South Korean fans as well as fans of Korean ancestry in nearly every stadium he pitches in. This may be attributed to South Korea's rise as a global baseball power, leading to a rise in popularity of the sport in South Korea beginning in the 2000s and 2010s.
On July 22, 2013, after a 14-5 win against the Toronto Blue Jays played at Rogers Centre, several hundred fans of Korean ancestry stayed after the game to give Ryu a standing ovation, a common practice during the game, but a noted rarity for such an ovation to occur after the game has been completed.
Pitching style.
Ryu is a 6 ft 2 in, 255 lb left-handed pitcher. He throws a fastball around 90 mph (tops out at 95 mph), a decent curveball, a slider, and a deceptive changeup. Scouts say that the changeup is his best pitch and is a legitimate out-pitch at the big league level.

</doc>
<doc id="18736309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736309" title="Alfred Hales">
Alfred Hales

Alfred Dryden Hales (22 November 1909 – 22 February 1998) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Guelph, Ontario and became a butcher, meat cutter, farmer, manufacturer and merchant by career.
Hales graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Agriculture from the University of Toronto's Ontario Agricultural College in 1934. He also played two seasons as middle wing for the Toronto Argonauts in 1934 and 1935.
After an unsuccessful attempt to win the Wellington South riding in the 1953 federal election, Hales became a Guelph city councillor in 1955. He campaigned again for Parliament in the 1957 election. He was re-elected to consecutive terms at Wellington South, then from the 1968 election at Wellington. His Parliamentary career ended in May 1974 after he completed his term in the 29th Canadian Parliament, and Hales did not campaign in the 1974 election. He repeatedly introduced a Private Member's Bill to create the Parliamentary Internship Programme until this was approved in 1969. Today, an annual award named in his honour is given by the Institute on Governance to the best essay by a Parliamentary intern.
Hales chaired the House of Commons Standing Committee on Public Accounts from 1966 to 1974, following the tradition that such a chair be a member of the Official Opposition.

</doc>
<doc id="18736336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736336" title="Chromos Tower">
Chromos Tower

Chromos Tower is a office tower in Zagreb, Croatia. The tower was constructed in 1989 and was originally the main headquarters of the Chromos Corporation. Today it is used as office space by local firms.

</doc>
<doc id="18736347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736347" title="Steven Zevitas">
Steven Zevitas

Steven Zevitas is an American curator, writer, and publisher. He is the founder of the artist journal New American Paintings and gallery OSP Gallery.
Life and work.
Steven Zevitas is the President and Publisher of the periodical New American Paintings. The publication has featured over 3,000 United States painters. Zevitas founded New American Painting in order to inform art collectors about emerging artists.Zevitas has published New American Paintings for 15 years. Zevitas is active in the Boston art community. [http://thephoenix.com/Boston/Arts/65288-Kickstart-art/
In 2001, Zevitas founded OSP Gallery in Boston. The exhibit was originally a venue for emerging artists that were published in New American Paintings. However, since 2003 the gallery has exhibited work by both emerging and established artists such as Richard Tuttle. Zevitas’s gallery is known for exhibiting abstract works on paper. [http://gregcookland.com/journal/2008/05/steven-zevitas-moving-downstairs.html
The gallery, with Zevitas as curator, has also represented Mark Sheinkman and Brice Marden. Under his direction, the gallery entered the mainstream art fair scene in 2007 when Zevitas debuted his gallery at Aqua Art Miami.[http://www.aquaartmiami.com/exhibitors.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18736356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736356" title="Partners in Policymaking">
Partners in Policymaking

Partners in Policymaking is a free program designed to teach people with disabilities and family members the power of advocacy to positively change the way people with disabilities are supported, viewed, taught, live and work. Since its inception, Partners have worked to expand community opportunities and to hasten many fundamental changes in the nature of supports and services for people with disabilities in areas such as education, employment, civil rights, and community living.
Goals.
Since 1987, Partners programs have been implemented nationally and internationally. Thousands of Partners graduates are part of a growing national and international network of community leaders serving on policy making committees, commissions, boards, and in elected office at all levels of government. The Partners movement is also available to thousands of others through free online self-advocacy courses in areas such as: inclusive education; obtaining meaningful employment; accessing high quality community living arrangements
Through the combination of both on-site training and a vast array of internet-based training resources, Partners in Policymaking is intended to assist people with disabilities to know their rights, to know what to expect in terms of high quality services and supports, and to know how to obtain such services and supports within their local communities.
History.
The program was originally conceived by the Minnesota Governor's Council on Developmental Disabilities under funding by the U.S. Administration on Developmental Disabilities and has since been adopted in over 35 US states. It has also been adopted in the Netherlands, New Zealand, Northern Ireland, Portugal, Ireland, Scotland, and England. The "core" curriculum covers current issues, state-of-the-art approaches and best practices in many areas including legislative processes and strategies; communication and team-building; using assistive technology; independent living; creating inclusive communities; and employment.

</doc>
<doc id="18736433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736433" title="Shirime">
Shirime

The story goes as follows:
Long ago, a Samurai was walking at night down the road to Kyōto, when he heard someone calling out for him to wait. "Who's there?!" he asked nervously, only to turn around and find a man stripping off his clothes and pointing his bare buttocks at the flabbergasted traveler. A huge glittering eye then opened up where the strange man's anus should have been.
This creature was so liked by the haiku poet and artist Buson that he included it in many of his "yōkai" paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="18736454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736454" title="Gotham Girls Roller Derby">
Gotham Girls Roller Derby

Gotham Girls Roller Derby (GGRD) is a flat track roller derby league based in New York City, New York. Founded in late 2003, Gotham Girls Roller Derby was the first skater-operated flat track roller derby league in the metropolitan New York area. GGRD is a founding member league of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA) which was formed in November 2005.
GGRD hosts flat-track roller derby competitions which showcase bouts among the various teams in the league. The league is made up of four home teams that play within the league and at times compete with member teams from other WFTDA leagues. The league is also home to three inter-league competition teams (the Grand Central Terminators, the Wall Street Traitors and the Gotham Girls All-Stars), which are compiled of league skaters from all four home teams and compete against other leagues. The Gotham Girls All-Stars represent the league in WFTDA inter-league competitions that count towards WFTDA national rankings.
The skaters, referees, and other league volunteers have the option to adopt 'skater names' for their uniforms, league activities, and other league business. Members choose their own names which they may start using after an initial league probationary period. The league encourages these names to be unique within the modern roller derby universe, in deference to the International Rollergirls' Master Roster.
Gotham Girls Roller Derby is incorporated as a not-for-profit organization. The IRS recognized Gotham Girls Roller Derby as a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt public charity in September 2008.
Teams.
Home teams.
Most GGRD skaters compete on a 'home team.' These teams practice together and jointly manage the league. The borough-based team designations do not necessarily reflect the residences of the skaters on a particular team. Each home team is supported by a 'Jeerleader' squad. A few skaters do not compete on a home team, and only skate as All-Stars.
Travel teams.
Additionally, the league fields compilation teams:
• The Gotham Girls All-Stars - The sanctioned all star travel team for competition with other leagues in the Women's Flat Track Derby Association, composed of skaters from the Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens and Manhattan teams.
• The Wall Street Traitors - An "all-borough" travel team which competes as Gotham's "B" Team for exhibition games with other leagues, composed of skaters from the Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens and Manhattan teams.
• The Grand Central Terminators - An additional travel team for exhibition games with other leagues, composed of skaters from all four home teams who are neither on the All-Stars nor the Traitors. Team debut: June 2012.
• The Meat Packing District - An "all-rookie" travel team for exhibition games with other leagues, composed of first-year skaters from the Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens and Manhattan teams. (Team last competed in 2010; not currently active.)
Junior Derby.
The league fields also manages:
• Gotham Girls Junior Derby - an educational program set up in 2012 to train female skaters age 8-17.
Competitive history.
2003.
Karin Bruce (aka Chassis Crass) and David “Lefty” Leibowitz, both working independently to start a women’s roller derby league, meet through an online classified ad. They decide to work together and form Gotham Girls Roller Derby. GGRD starts recruiting skaters and holding weekly practices at “open skate” sessions at Empire Roller Skating Center, a roller rink in Crown Heights, Brooklyn.
2004.
GGRD continues to recruit skaters, referees and staff and holds periodic fundraisers. GGRD finds a new venue for practices at The Skate Key in the South Bronx. Practices are held twice weekly at The Skate Key and Rev. Joseph Moffo asphalt hockey rink in Tanahey Playground located in New York City’s Chinatown. GGRD host their first ever exposition flat-track roller derby bout (titled the Beat Down in the Boogie Down) and a crowd of 600 shows up at The Skate Key to see the Brooklyn Bombshells and Manhattan Mayhem compete. (The Brooklyn Bombshells won, in overtime.)
2005.
GGRD launches its first full season of roller derby at The Skate Key. The league now boasts a skater roster of 20-25 skaters and forms a third home team, the Queens of Pain, created after two games between Manhattan and Brooklyn. The Queens of Pain are undefeated throughout the season and become the first GGRD Season Champions and are awarded the GGRD Golden Skate Trophy by virtue of defeating the Manhattan Mayhem in the finals. The Gotham Girls All-Stars play (and lose) their first inter-league bout against the Mad Rollin' Dolls of Madison, Wisconsin. GGRD holds its first tryouts - over 100 hopeful skaters attend; 24 skaters are accepted for the 2006 season.
2006.
The Gotham Girls All-Stars travel to Tucson, Arizona to compete in the Dust Devil Tournament, the first ever WFTDA sanctioned flat-track roller derby tournament, and emerge ranked 11th nationally with "mini-bout" victories over Atlanta and Albuquerque, "mini-bout" losses to Texas and Kansas City, and a full-length bout loss to Madison.
GGRD forms its fourth home team, the Bronx Gridlock. In March, the Skate Key unexpectedly closes down and GGRD loses its practice and bout venue three weeks prior to its scheduled 2006 season opener. GGRD launches “Operation Crashpad” to scour the New York boroughs in search of new practice and bout venues. Throughout the season, league and team practices are held at public outdoor venues, as skaters persevere through rain, cold, asphalt, and darkness. Regular practice venues included Tanahey Playground (Manhattan), Dutch Kills Park (Queens), Mafera Park (Queens), Peter's Field (Manhattan), Sara D. Roosevelt Park (Manhattan), Stanley Isaacs Playground (Manhattan), basketball courts under the West Side Highway at 78th Street (Manhattan), William F. Passannante Ballfield (Manhattan), and the parking lot of a Costco on Vernon Boulevard in Astoria, Queens.
Season games are attended by sold-out crowds at the Schwartz Athletic Center on the Brooklyn Campus of Long Island University and at Hunter College in Manhattan, with one additional regular season bout (Queens vs. Manhattan) held in Seaford, Long Island as part of a unique double-header featuring another regular-season bout of the Long Island Roller Rebels. The Queens of Pain win the GGRD Championship for the second season in a row, losing to the Brooklyn Bombshells in May but defeating the Bronx Gridlock once and the Manhattan Mayhem twice (once in the regular season and once in the finals) to take the trophy.
The season concludes with an interleague All-Star bout victory at Philadelphia and an All-Star loss at Providence.
2007.
In February, GGRD secures a practice space known as the “Crashpad” and welcomes fourteen new skaters to the league. Season bouts are held at City College of New York in Harlem with two additional bouts at Hunter College. The Bronx Gridlock enjoys an undefeated season and wins the GGRD Championship in a final over the Queens of Pain.
In interleague all-star action, the Gotham Girls All-Stars begin the season with a loss to the Carolina Rollergirls and a victory over Chicago's Windy City Rollers. Gotham then starts to put its full-time practice facility to use and proceeds to dominate the Heartland Havoc, the first ever WFTDA Eastern Regional Tournament (August, in Columbus, Ohio), and are crowned 2007 Eastern Region Champions, with a sequence of blowout victories over Grand Rapids, Philadelphia, Windy City, and Detroit. At the Texas Shootout (the 2007 WFTDA National Championships in Austin, Texas), the GGRD All-Stars are eliminated in the first round by the eventual 2007 WFTDA champions, the Kansas City Roller Warriors. GGRD is ranked #5 nationally within the WFTDA.
Gotham's All-Stars conclude the season with interleague victories over the Rose City Rollers of Portland, Oregon and the Rocky Mountain Rollergirls of Denver, CO.
In a November interleague double-header, the Brooklyn Bombshells defeat all-stars from the Long Island Roller Rebels and the Manhattan Mayhem defeat all-stars from the New Jersey Dirty Dames (New Brunswick, NJ).
2008.
GGRD enters its second season practicing at the “Crashpad,” and twelve new skaters are added to the league. Eight bouts are held at Hunter College in Manhattan, with an additional season-opening interleague doubleheader against Philadelphia (vs. Gotham's All-Stars) and the Connecticut RollerGirls (vs. the Wall Street Traitors) at the Schwartz Athletic Center on the Brooklyn Campus of Long Island University.
In June, the Gotham Girls All-Stars thrill eastern derby fans with a milestone 60-point win over the original flat-track roller derby pioneers, the Texas Rollergirls, at the East Coast Derby Extravaganza hosted by the Philly Roller Girls. This is followed by an All-Star victory over the Denver Roller Dolls. At the same event, the Wall Street Traitors defeat New England Roller Derby (N.E.R.D.), a collection of skaters from Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut. GGRD's all-rookie Meatpacking District defeat the Skater Tots, a team of rookies from Chicago's Windy City Rollers.
In July, GGRD is ranked #2 nationally within the Women's Flat Track Derby Association. In August, the All-Stars travel to Arizona to defeat the all-star Saddletramps of Tucson Roller Derby, and in September, the Wall Street Traitors travel to Asbury Park to defeat the Jersey Shore Rollergirls. The league also hosts an international doubleheader, as the Brooklyn Bombshells defeat all-stars from Montreal Roller Derby and the Manhattan Mayhem defeat all-stars from Providence Roller Derby.
In October, GGRD All-Stars win their second consecutive WFTDA Eastern Region title at the Derby in Dairyland Tournament (Madison, WI) with victories over Madison's Mad Rollin' Dolls, Philadelphia's Liberty Belles, and Chicago's Windy City Rollers. The Queens of Pain defeat the Bronx Gridlock to win its third Gotham Girls Roller Derby league championship in four seasons.
In November, the GGRD All-Stars move up to the #1 national ranking within the WFTDA and win their first WFTDA national championship at the Northwest Knockdown tournament in Portland, Oregon. As the top seed in the East, GGRD defeats Duke City (Albuquerque) followed by victories in East Region tournament rematches against Philadelphia's Liberty Belles and Chicago's Windy City Rollers. Bonnie Thunders is named the tournament MVP. The GGRD All-Stars' winning streak (beginning in October 2007) is extended to twelve bouts.
2009.
GGRD opens the season with a March interleague double-header at the Schwartz Athletic Center on the Brooklyn Campus of Long Island University. The GGRD All-Stars defeat the Boston Massacre of Boston Derby Dames in a full-length WFTDA-sanctioned bout, and the GGRD Wall Street Traitors defeat the Suburban Brawl All-Stars of Suburbia Roller Derby in a 30-minute exhibition. The remainder of the league's eight home bouts are held at Manhattan's Hunter College Sportsplex.
In April, the All-Stars capture their fourteenth consecutive victory with a win in Baltimore over All-Stars from the Charm City Rollergirls.
In May, the Meatpacking District lose to Les Filles du Roi of Montreal Roller Derby in Gotham's first international travel.
In June, the All-Stars extend their winning streak to sixteen with two victories: a 185-31 win over All-Stars from the Carolina Rollergirls (in Raleigh) and an 84-76 victory over the All-Stars of the Texas Rollergirls, skated on neutral ground in Woodbridge, CT, hosted by the CT Rollergirls of Connecticut.
The All-Stars win their first two bouts at September's "Wicked Wheels of the East" Regional tournament in Raleigh, defeating Providence and Boston, but fall 90-89 to the Philly Roller Girls in the WFTDA Regional Final, losing in the final moments and ending the All-Stars' winning streak after 18 victories in a row.
In October, the Brooklyn and Queens teams host an unusual transcontinental double-header at Hunter College as each team played the Sockit Wenches from Seattle's Rat City Rollergirls, back-to-back. The Sockit Wenches prevail over Brooklyn by 20 and Queens by 19, marking the first home losses for Gotham teams in interleague action since 2005.
In November, the Gotham Girls All-Stars handily defeat the Detroit Derby Girls 187-38 in their first-round matchup at the 2009 WFTDA Nationals (the "Declaration of Derby," hosted by the Philly Rollergirls), but then the Gotham squad falls to the Oly Rollers of Olympia, Washington, 135-105, in their quarterfinal matchup. The Oly Rollers goes on to defeat two other opponents (the Rocky Mountain Rollergirls and Texas Rollergirls, by much larger margins) to win the 2009 title, marking the second time in three years that Gotham is eliminated from the WFTDA title by its eventual champion.
Also in November, in the year's final bout, the Bronx Gridlock roar back from a 42-point halftime deficit to defeat the Manhattan Mayhem, 116-105, winning the Gridlock's second GGRD league title. Bonnie Thunders scores a league-record 88 points in the winning effort.
2010.
In March, in the league's opening action, GGRD's Wall Street Traitors travel to Tucson and fall to the All-Star Saddletramps of Tucson Roller Derby. GGRD then opens the home season with an April interleague double-header at the Schwartz Athletic Center on the Brooklyn Campus of Long Island University. The GGRD All-Stars defeat the All-Stars from Baltimore's Charm City Rollergirls in a full-length WFTDA-sanctioned bout, and the GGRD Wall Street Traitors fall to the All-Stars of Buffalo's Queen City Roller Girls in a 40-minute exhibition.
In May, on the strength of their victory over Charm City, the Gotham Girls All-Stars regain the #1 ranking in the Derby News Network Power Rankings, only to slip to #2 in the July rankings, with Olympia, Washington's Oly Rollers once again claiming the top rank.
In June, the Traitors pick up a loss in a visit to the Port Authorities of Maine Roller Derby. Later in the month, at the annual weekend East Coast Extravaganza festival hosted by the Philly Rollergirls, Gotham traveling teams pick up five victories against one loss. The Traitors lose to Philly's Independence Dolls but defeat Raleigh's Carolina Bootleggers for their first 2010 victory. The Meatpacking District defeats Philly's rookie squad, the 'Cheeseskates,' and defeat the Jersey Shore Rollergirls. And the All-Stars defeated the All-Stars of the Windy City Rollers for the fifth consecutive time, this time earning the new Skyline Cup trophy henceforth to be traded between the two teams. The All-Stars also put away the Boston Derby Dames for the fourth consecutive time.
In July, the Meatpacking District fell in a visit to the Lehigh Valley Rollergirls, and the All-Stars defeated their original rivals, the Dairyland Dolls of Madison's Mad Rollin Dolls, in a bout held at a neutral site in Massachusetts hosted by the Boston Derby Dames.
In August, the All-Stars returned to Portland, the site of their 2008 National Championship victories, to defeat the Bay Area Derby Girls (San Francisco), Rose City Rollers (Portland), and Rat City Rollergirls (Seattle) on three consecutive days at the "Hometown Throwdown" exhibition, hosted by the Rose City Rollers.
In September, the Wall Street Traitors defeated Ithaca, Long Island, and Albany to win the first-ever New York State tournament, the "Empire Skate Showdown," hosted by the Long Island Roller Rebels, winning the unofficial New York State title in a series of abbreviated 30-minute bouts.
Also in September, the All-Stars regained the WFTDA East Region title at the "Derby in the Burbs" East Region Playoffs, hosted by Suburbia Roller Derby. The All-Stars defeated the Rhode Island Riveters of Providence Roller Derby, Baltimore's Charm City Rollergirls, and the Philly Rollergirls to sweep the tournament and claim the league's third regional title in four years.
Additionally, the GGRD All-Stars were re-elevated to the #1 ranking in the world in September's Power Rankings as judged by Derby News Network, on the strength of the previous month's showing in Portland.
In September, the league signed a lease on a new practice space ("Crash Pad II"), located in the Bushwick neighborhood of Brooklyn. The league moved to the new space in Fall 2010.
In October's annual interleague double-header, both Gotham home teams were victorious as the Brooklyn Bombshells hosted the Providence Pigeons, a mash-up collection of players from Providence Roller Derby, while the Manhattan Mayhem took on the All-Stars of Suburbia Roller Derby.
On October 30, the Bronx Gridlock won its third league title by defeating the Queens of Pain in the sixth league championship, held at Nat Holman Gymnasium on the campus of CCNY. The league drew its largest home crowd ever, with over 1,500 fans in attendance. Bronx jammer Bonnie Thunders extended her own individual single-game league scoring record to 91 points.
The following weekend, the GGRD All-Stars traveled to Chicago to compete in the 2010 WFTDA Championship tournament, 'Uproar on the Lakeshore', hosted by Chicago's Windy City Rollers. Gotham first defeated the Texecutioners from Texas Rollergirls 151-52 to advance to the WFTDA's semifinals. The Gotham Girls All-Stars lost the following match against the tournament's eventual champions, the 5280 Fight Club of Denver's Rocky Mountain Rollergirls, 108-79. It marked the fourth WFTDA championship tournament in a row that the Gotham All-Stars either won the WFTDA title (2008) or were eliminated by the association's eventual champions (2007 - Kansas City, 2009 - Olympia, and 2010 - Rocky Mountain). The Gotham Girls bounced back on the tournament's final day to claim the association's 3rd place trophy, defeating the Philly Rollergirls for the seventh time in eight all-time meetings, 162-51.
Late in 2010, the league moved its operations to a new rented practice facility in Bushwick, Brooklyn ("Crash Pad II").
2011.
In February, the Gotham Girls interrupted their off-season by sending an ad-hoc collection of All-Stars and All-Star alumnae to compete in a non-WFTDA exhibition against the Los Angeles Derby Dolls on a banked track at the Derby Dolls' facility. It was the Gotham Girls' first experience on a banked derby track, and the Derby Dolls prevailed, 132-106.
The All-Stars went on to dominate regional flat track competition, defeating Pittsburgh's Steel City Derby Demons in April and Baltimore's Charm City Rollergirls in May. Over a June weekend, the All-Stars defeated both the Boston Massacre of the Boston Derby Dames and the New Skids on the Block from Montreal Roller Derby. Later in June, the All-Stars defeated the Wheels of Justice, the All-Stars of the Rose City Rollers, and the Liberty Belles of the Philly Rollergirls.
In August, the league hosted its first co-ed event, a triple-header called "Roller Derby Daredevils: Battle over Brooklyn," held at Brooklyn's Aviator Sports and Events Center. The league presented a matchup of the New York Shock Exchange against Baltimore's Harm City Homicide which preceded victories by the Wall Street Traitors over the Suburban Brawl of Suburbia Roller Derby and the Gotham All-Stars against the Mile High Club, the All-Stars of the Denver Roller Dolls.
In September, the GGRD All-Stars claimed the WFTDA East Region title at the Nightmare on 95 tournament, jointly hosted by the DC Rollergirls and Charm City Rollergirls. The All-Stars chalked up victories over the Steel Hurtin' of the Steel City Derby Demons and the Liberty Belles of the Philly Rollergirls. The All-Stars were also originally slated to play the Dutchland Rollers, who controversially chose to forfeit the bout.
In October, the Brooklyn Bombshells won their first league title with a 133-124 victory over the Bronx Gridlock.
In November, at the WFTDA Championships (the "Continental Divide and Conquer" tournament hosted by the Denver Roller Dolls), the Gotham Girls Roller Derby All-Stars prevailed over the Rocky Mountain Rollergirls, Texas Rollergirls, and Oly Rollers to win the league's second WFTDA Championship title. Gotham became the association's first repeat champions, having previously won in 2008. Jammer/Blocker Wild Cherri won MVP for the team.
The All-Stars finished 2011 with an undefeated 13-0 record in sanctioned WFTDA competition.
As an epilogue to the flat track tournament season, the All-Stars traveled to Chicago to compete on a banked track in the Kitten Traxx Chicago Invitational, first falling to the Rocky Mountain Rollergirls by three points and then defeating Chicago's Windy City Rollers to take home the 3rd place purse.
2012.
For the second consecutive season, the GGRD All-Stars began their competitive season with an exhibition on the banked track against the All-Stars of the Los Angeles Derby Dolls. On March 3, the GGRD All-Stars once again fell to the crew with more banked experience, 158-122., dropping Gotham's all-time record on the banked track to 1-3.
In April and May, the GGRD All-Stars then hosted private WFTDA sanctioned bouts against the Long Island Roller Rebels and Connecticut's CT RollerGirls, winning both, while the Wall Street Traitors hosted their own pair of bouts, emerging victorious against the Sexpos of Montreal Roller Derby and the Flatliners of Bloomington Indiana's Bleeding Heartland Rollergirls. The score of 630-65 versus Long Island represented the highest single-team scoring total to date in modern roller derby, a record that stands as of May 2012.
The Gotham All-Stars were undefeated through the regular season, with additional victories over the Philly Roller Girls, Denver Roller Dolls, Rose City Rollers, Steel City Derby Demons, Windy City Rollers, B.ay A.rea D.erby Girls, and Texas Rollergirls. The July victories over Bay Area and Texas extended the team's winning streak to 23 consecutive sanctioned WFTDA victories (dating from November 2010), reclaiming that all-time record from Olympia's Oly Rollers.
During the summer, the league established the "Grand Central Terminators" as a third standing traveling team, made up of skaters from all four regular home teams, designed to compete against "B" and "C" team competition from other leagues. The "Meatpacking District" team, previously a label for collections of first-year skaters, did not compete in 2011 or 2012.
In August, the league held a double header at the Abe Stark Skating Arena in Coney Island, Brooklyn, in which the local Bronx and Brooklyn teams shared the bill with the local New York men's league, the New York Shock Exchange, who hosted the St. Louis GateKeepers.
On September 1, the Wall Street Traitors won the Empire Skate Showdown, the unofficial New York State Championship, for the third straight year, posting 30-minute victories over the Assault Squad of Syracuse's Assault City Roller Derby, the Long Island Roller Rebels All-Stars, and the Roc Stars of Rochester's Roc City Roller Derby.
In September 2012, the All-Stars captured their third consecutive WFTDA East Region title at the "Sugarbush Showdown," defeating Carolina Rollergirls, Charm City Roller Girls, and Philly Roller Girls.
In October 2012, the Manhattan Mayhem defeated the Brooklyn Bombshells to win their first-ever league title. Later in that month, a scheduled public double-header against two teams from the Windy City Rollers (Second Wind vs. Wall Street Traitors and Third Coast vs. Grand Central Terminators) had to be cancelled due to Hurricane Sandy. The bouts were relocated to GGRD's practice space, where, in front of a much smaller audience, the Terminators defeated the Third Coast, and the Traitors fell to Second Wind for their first loss of 2012, sending the Skyline Cup back to Chicago.
In November 2012, the All-Stars captured their third WFTDA championship in Atlanta at the "Grits and Glory" tournament, defeating All-Star squads from the Naptown Roller Girls, Denver Roller Dolls, and Oly Rollers. Bonnie Thunders led the team in scoring, punctuating the championship bout with 178 points in Gotham's 233-130 win, the team's 29th consecutive sanctioned victory.
Following the WFTDA championship tournament, Gotham's Wall Street Traitors traveled to Raleigh and defeated the Bootleggers of the Carolina Rollergirls, 153-127, to end their season with a record of 6-1 in full-length bouts and 3-0 in thirty-minute bouts.
November also saw the first competitive action of Gotham Girls Junior Derby, which is organized by the skaters of GGRD for girls age 8-17. The GGJD began training in Spring 2012 and hosted Black Mamba Junior Derby from Syracuse, NY. The GGJD outscored the visitors, 210-135.
Also in November, GGRD's All-Stars traveled to Australia to participate in three banked track exhibition bouts against the Los Angeles Derby Dolls. The Gotham All-Stars were victorious in all three bouts in the "Roller Derby Xtreme" tour, held in Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane, bringing Gotham's all-time record on the banked track up to 4 wins and 3 losses. A regular roster of GGRD All-Stars was joined by two local skaters in each of the three stops. After the conclusion of the RDX Tour, the All-Stars wrapped up their season with victories over two Australian leagues, a sanctioned win over WFTDA member Victorian Roller Derby League of Melbourne and regulation win over Sun State Roller Girls of Brisbane (not yet a full WFTDA league at the time).
Bouting Venue History.
The league has competed at a variety of locations throughout New York City.
2004 - 2005: Skate Key in the Bronx (now defunct)
2006–present: Schwartz Athletic Center at Long Island University-Brooklyn
2006–present: Hunter College Sportsplex, Manhattan
2006 (one bout): Skate Safe America in Old Bethpage (Long Island)
2007–present: Nat Holman Gymnasium at City College of New York, Manhattan
2011 (one bout): Aviator Sports and Events Center, Brooklyn.
2012 (two bouts): Abe Stark Skating Arena in Coney Island, Brooklyn
Media appearances.
In October 2011, Gotham skater Suzy Hotrod was featured photographed without clothing in ESPN Magazine's annual "The Body Issue", representing roller derby alongside athletes from many other mainstream American sports.
Broadcasting.
In May 2010, the league and the Office of the Mayor of the City of New York announced that the Gotham Girls' 2010 home bouts would be telecast on a delayed basis on NYC life, the flagship station of NYC Media Group, the official TV, radio and online network of the City of New York.
The NYC life Fall 2010 programming lineup expanded the Gotham Girls' telecast schedule to show bouts five nights a week on late-night programming.
The series of eight televised bouts would be produced directly by the league's volunteers. The arrangement marks the league's first foray into television broadcasting. Streamed replays of these broadcasts can be seen at http://www.ggrd-nyclife.com.
The broadcasting agreement was renewed for 2011 and 2012. The network continues to air delayed 88-minute broadcasts of GGRD bouting action along with player and team profiles.
In April 2011, the league produced its first pay-per-view interent broadcast of live bout action.
League champions and major awards.
League Champions are determined in an end-of-season playoff bout.
Award winners are determined by poll of league members.
The C.A.N.T.S.L.E.E.P. award is the "Crass Award for Never-Tiring Support for the League with Endless Enthusiasm and Positivity," named for league founder Chassis Crass. In 2005 this award was titled the "Miss GGRD" award, and it was renamed in 2006.
Retired numbers.
11 - Chassis Crass
In May 2009, the league retired the uniform number of league founder Chassis Crass.
Her framed Brooklyn Bombshell retired uniform hangs at Manitoba's, 99 Avenue B in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="18736462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736462" title="Sidney Martin">
Sidney Martin

Sidney Hugh Martin (11 January 1909 – 13 February 1988) was a South African cricketer who played 267 first-class games in both South African and English cricket. He was the uncle of South Africa Test cricketer Hugh Tayfield.
Martin made his first-class debut in the Currie Cup for Natal against Eastern Province in March 1926, taking two second-innings wickets including that of Arthur Ochse.
He played two more games (both also against Natal) the following season, taking six wickets in the first match and scoring 64 not out in the first innings of the second game.
In 1929 Martin made his debut in England, playing for MCC against Oxford University at Lord's,
and although he returned to Natal during the English winters, 
he played no further cricket outside England until after the Second World War.
He appeared quite regularly for MCC in 1929 and 1930; his best bowling return for them was the 7–43 he claimed in the first innings against the Royal Navy in July 1929,
while his highest score was the 97 he made against the Army in August 1930.
In 1931 Martin made a rather low-key Worcestershire debut, taking two wickets and scoring 4 against the New Zealanders.
He began his County Championship career the following season, and remained a stalwart of the side until the outbreak of war. He just failed to score his thousand first-class runs for the season in 1932, but reached the landmark every year from 1933 to 1939, while in both 1937 and 1939 he achieved the double.
His most productive year with the bat was 1935, in which he hit five centuries, including his career best: a first-innings 191* versus Northamptonshire; at one stage Worcestershire had been 26/4.
As a bowler, he three times took eight wickets in an innings, the best of these returns (and the best of his career) being the 8–24 he claimed against Sussex in August 1939; his match figures were 13–88.
The war then intervened, and indeed he never played first-class cricket in England again. His next appearance was back with Natal, playing against Transvaal in a match starting on Boxing Day 1945; Martin scored 67 but took only one wicket.
He played a full Currie Cup campaign with Natal in 1946/47, and in November 1946 took 5–32 against Griqualand West.
From 1947/48 until the end of his career in 1949/50, Martin represented Rhodesia, now having moved to live there.
For them, his best performance was the 6–49 he took against a touring MCC side at Salisbury in February 1949.
He captained the Rhodesia team on four occasions.
Although he never acted as an umpire in a first-class match, he did stand (with Paul Gibb) in Worcestershire's centenary single-innings game against MCC in 1965.
Other than his nephew Hugh Tayfield (mentioned above) three of Martin's other relatives played first-class cricket: his son Hugh Martin, and two other nephews Arthur Tayfield and Cyril Tayfield.

</doc>
<doc id="18736470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736470" title="Dui Hua Foundation">
Dui Hua Foundation

The Dui Hua Foundation (simplified Chinese: 中美对话基金会, traditional Chinese: 中美對話基金會, pinyin: zhōng měi duì huà jī jīn huì), or Dui Hua, is a San Francisco-based nonprofit humanitarian organization that seeks clemency and better treatment for at-risk detainees through the promotion of universally recognized human rights in a well-informed, mutually respectful dialogue with China. ("Dui hua", is pinyin for the Chinese word meaning “dialogue”). Focusing on political and religious prisoners, juvenile justice, women in prison, and criminal justice and death penalty reform, Dui Hua’s work rests on the premise that positive change is realized through constructive relationships and exchange. 
Background.
Dui Hua was founded in April 1999 by John Kamm, a former businessman who also serves as the organization’s chairman and executive director. Strong relationships built during his time as a businessman and senior officer of the American Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong helped Kamm build a mutually respectful human rights dialogue with Chinese officials, judges, and legal experts. Having intervened independently on behalf of political and religious prisoners in China since 1990, Kamm founded Dui Hua in an effort to raise public awareness about human rights issues in China and supplement his advocacy work with research, publications, community outreach, and expert exchange. 
Inheriting Kamm’s close relations with the Chinese government, Dui Hua has also forged strong partnerships with officials from the European Union, the United States, Norway, Switzerland, Denmark, Australia, Sweden, the Netherlands and other countries that hold human rights dialogues and consultations with China. Dui Hua’s staff frequently travels to Europe, China, and Hong Kong in order to further strengthen its political partnerships and advocacy efforts and remain engaged in the international human rights community. 
The Dui Hua Foundation has offices located in San Francisco and Hong Kong.
Special consultative status.
Since 2005, Dui Hua has enjoyed “special consultative status” with the United Nations Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC), allowing Dui Hua staff to attend meetings of the ECOSOC and related bodies and submit statements and reports. Dui Hua is the only independent, overseas nongovernmental organization focused on China’s human rights that holds this status. With its consultative status, Dui Hua has participated in UN sessions including the Human Rights Council and Universal Periodic Review and collaborates with UN Special Procedures mandated Working Group on Arbitrary Detention, Working Group on Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances and the Special Rapporteur on Torture, among others.
Program.
Dui Hua seeks clemency and better treatment for at-risk detainees in China through the promotion of universally recognized human rights in a well-informed, mutually respectful dialogue with China. It focuses specifically on political and religious prisoners, juvenile justice, women in prison, and criminal justice and death penalty reform.
Political and religious prisoners.
Dui Hua’s prisoner-advocacy work began as an effort to uncover the names and secure the early release of activists imprisoned during the crackdown on the pro-democracy demonstrations that culminated on June 4, 1989 in Tiananmen Square. Over the years, Dui Hua’s scope has broadened to encompass research and advocacy relevant to individuals detained in China for the non-violent expression of their freedom of speech and association. 
Dui Hua maintains a database with information on more than 25,000 political and religious prisoners incarcerated in China since 1980. (Most have been released and are not currently serving prison sentences.) Through research conducted using mostly open-source materials in libraries and on the Internet, Dui Hua collects information on political dissidents, religious practitioners, ethnic minorities, and petitioners who have been convicted of non-violent crimes of speech and association. 
Dui Hua directly advocates for individual prisoners by preparing lists of political and religious prisoners believed to be incarcerated in China. Drawing on its prisoner database and years of experience in the selection and presentation of cases, Dui Hua produces many lists each year to be delivered to the Chinese government either directly or through countries and organizations that hold human rights dialogues with China. As a vehicle for expressing concern about individual cases, the lists have directly contributed to better treatment and early release for hundreds of prisoners.
Since its formation, Dui Hua has helped many political and religious prisoners earn sentence reductions, paroles, and early releases. They include Tibetan activist Ngawang Sangdrol and Harvard- and Oxford-educated political scientist Dr. Xu Zerong. In an interview with Hong Kong’s "Open Magazine" in 2011, Dr. Xu talked about his transfer to a better prison and improved overall treatment and said, “All of this was the result of Kamm’s negotiations with the authorities.” Dui Hua releases press statements regarding its advocacy work and subsequent clemency for prisoners it has represented.
Juvenile justice.
Dui Hua is believed to be the first foreign NGO to host a juvenile justice expert exchange with China’s Supreme People’s Court (SPC). In 2008, Dui Hua arranged for a delegation of six Chinese judges to visit US juvenile courts, detention facilities, and other institutions. As a testament to its success, the SPC invited Dui Hua to send a return delegation to China in 2010. These exchanges have contributed to reformative steps in China’s juvenile justice system in areas such as the sealing of records, diversion, and behavioral and psychological assessments of juvenile offenders. Dui Hua’s close working relationship with the SPC ensures that future criminal and juvenile justice initiatives will take place, leading to more concrete systemic reforms. 
Women in prison.
Dui Hua actively promotes reform in the area of women prisoners in China. The organization is building support for a seminar on the Bangkok Rules (Rules for the Treatment of Women Prisoners and Non-custodial Measures for Women Offenders) and conducts in-depth research on women prisoners and prisons. 
Criminal justice.
Dui Hua regularly engages in dialogue with both Chinese and international politicians and experts on China’s Criminal Law and Criminal Procedure Law (CPL). On November 3, 2011, Kamm testified to the US House Committee on Foreign Affairs on behalf of political prisoners following the release of proposed amendments to the CPL. 
Dui Hua has actively promoted death penalty reform in China since 2005. In December 2011, Dui Hua released what is believed to be the most accurate statistic on the number of yearly executions in China. Dui Hua believes that approximately 4,000 executions took place in China in 2011, down about 50 percent since the Supreme People’s Court regained its power of final review over death sentences in 2007. Dui Hua’s estimate garnered widespread media coverage and was cited as “rare data” by Agence France-Presse.
Publications.
Dui Hua regularly posts commentary, analysis, and translation about human rights and rule of law in China on its blog, "Human Rights Journal". 
It also publishes "Dialogue", a quarterly newsletter featuring articles on human rights issues relevant to its mission and recent activities. "Dialogue" articles are often about bilateral human rights dialogues with China, international relations, human rights concerns shared by the United States and China, prisoner updates, and research findings. 
"Reference Materials on China’s Criminal Justice System" is a bilingual, limited distribution publication compiling information on prisoner cases, criminal justice statistics and regulations, and commentaries uncovered by Dui Hua’s researchers in open-source publications and documents issued or approved by Chinese government bodies. It is distributed several times a year to select individuals within governments, international bodies, nongovernmental organizations, academia, and other institutions that monitor human rights in China. 
Published from 1999 to 2008, "Occasional Publications" featured little-known criminal justice statistics and raised the names of close to 1,000 detainees, most of whom were previously unheard of outside of China. It is now available for purchase in four series, totaling 27 volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="18736475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736475" title="The Unconstitutionality of Slavery">
The Unconstitutionality of Slavery

The Unconstitutionality of Slavery (1845) was a pamphlet by American abolitionist Lysander Spooner advocating the view that the U.S. Constitution prohibited slavery. This view was advocated in contrast to that of William Lloyd Garrison who advocated opposing the constitution on the grounds that it supported slavery. In the pamphlet, Spooner shows that none of the state governments of the slave states specifically authorized slavery, that the U.S. Constitution contains several clauses that are contradictory with slavery, that slavery was a violation of natural law, and that the "intentions" of the Constitutional Convention have no legal bearing on the document they created. Thus, Spooner's position is one that employs "original meaning"-styled textualism and rejects "original intent"-styled originalism.

</doc>
<doc id="18736520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736520" title="Schwarzer Sarg">
Schwarzer Sarg

Schwarzer Sarg is Yōsei Teikoku's sixth single, released on July 9, 2008. It peaked at #43 on the Oricon single charts. The single includes a bonus DVD with a music video. The name of the title track means "black coffin" in German.

</doc>
<doc id="18736523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736523" title="Bilal M. Ayyub">
Bilal M. Ayyub

Bilal M. Ayyub is an American engineer. He is professor of civil and environmental engineering at the University of Maryland, College Park, and the director of the Center for Technology and Systems Management (CTSM) at the A. James Clark School of Engineering. Ayyub has been at the University of Maryland since 1983. He is a leading authority in the areas of risk analysis, uncertainty modeling, decision analysis, and systems engineering. Ayyub is also president of BMA Engineering, Inc., a Bethesda, Maryland-based engineering consulting firm that works with infrastructure and defense systems.
Early life and education.
Ayyub received his Bachelor of Science degree in civil engineering in 1980 from Kuwait University, and moved to the United States of America in 1981. He received his Master of Science (1981) and Ph.D. (1983) in civil engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta, Georgia.
Career.
Ayyub completed several research projects funded by the National Science Foundation, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Coast Guard, Army Corps of Engineers, Department of Homeland Security, the Maryland State Highway Administration, the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, and several engineering companies.
Ayyub is a fellow of the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE), the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) and the Society of Naval Architects and Marine Engineers (SNAME), and has served in various capacities at the American Society of Naval Engineers (ASNE), the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), and the North American Fuzzy Information Processing Society (NAFIPS) as well.
Ayyub is a multiple recipient of the ASNE Jimmie Hamilton Award for the best papers in the Naval Engineers Journal in 1985, 1992, 2000 and 2003. Also, he received the ASCE Outstanding Research Oriented Paper in the Journal of Water Resources Planning and Management for 1987, the ASCE Edmund Friedman Award in 1989, the ASCE Walter Huber Research Prize in 1997, and the K. S. Fu Award of NAFIPS in 1995. He received the Department of the Army Public Service Award in 2007 for leading the development of the risk model for the hurricane protection system of New Orleans. Dr. Ayyub was appointed to many national committees and investigation boards including most recently on the working group on higher education of the transition team of Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley, 2006–07, the working group on homeland security of the transition team of Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley, 2006–07, and the Committee for Assessment of the Bureau of Reclamation’s Security Program, Board on Infrastructure and the Constructed Environment, National Research Council of the National Academies, 2006-08. He was appointed to the Maryland Governor's Commission on Middle Eastern American Affairs, and on the Board of Advisors of the ASCE Council on Disaster Risk Management (CDRM). Presently, he chairs the CDRM Vulnerability and Risk Committee. He has delivered many invited talks at leading national and international organizations including most recently a distinguished lecture to the Brazilian Research Agency, the Department of Homeland Security, Naval War College for the Chief of Naval Operations, the Army Corps of Engineers, and the Australian National Marine Safety Committee.
Ayyub is the author and co-author of more than 550 publications in journals and conference proceedings, and reports. Among the publications of Dr. Ayyub are more than 20 books including textbooks used by many universities worldwide, such as the following publications:
Ayyub, B. M., and Kearney, M. S., editors, Sea Level Rise and Coastal Infrastructure: Prediction, Risks and Solutions, ASCE, Reston, VA, 2011.
Ayyub, B. M., editor, Vulnerability, Uncertainty, and Risk: Analysis, Modeling, and Management, ASCE, Reston, VA, 2011.
Ayyub, B.M., and McCuen, R., Probability, Statistics and Reliability for Engineers and Scientists, Third Edition, Chapman and Hall/CRC Press, 2011.
Ayyub, B. M., and Klir, G. J., Uncertainty Modeling and Analysis for Engineers and Scientists, Chapman & Hall/CRC, Press Boca Raton, FL, 2006.
Ayyub, B. M., Risk Analysis in Engineering and Economics, Chapman and Hall/CRC Press, 2003.
Ayyub, B. M., Elicitation of Expert Opinions for Uncertainty and Risks, CRC Press, 2002.
Ayyub, B.M., and McCuen, R., Probability, Statistics and Reliability for Engineers and Scientists, Second Edition, Chapman and Hall/CRC Press, 2003.
Ayyub, B.M., and McCuen, R., Numerical Methods for Engineers, Prentice Hall, New York, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18736575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736575" title="Mount Pearl">
Mount Pearl

Mount Pearl remains one of the largest communities in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. The city is located southwest of St. John's, on the eastern tip of the Avalon Peninsula on the island of Newfoundland. Mount Pearl is part of the St. John's metropolitan area, the 20th Largest metropolitan area in Canada.
History.
Mount Pearl dates back to 1829, when Commander James Pearl and his wife, Lady Anne Pearl, arrived in Newfoundland with a crown grant of one thousand acres (4 km²) of land, a reward for Commander Pearl’s 27 years of distinguished service in the Royal Navy. In 1830, Commander Pearl built a house upon the most elevated section of his estate and named it Mount Cochrane in honour of then-governor Sir Thomas Cochrane. After the governor left Newfoundland, Pearl renamed the site Mount Pearl. Pearl was made a Knight of the Royal Guelphic Order of Hanover and received the honour of Knight Bachelor from Queen Victoria. He died suddenly at his Mount Pearl estate on January 13, 1840, at the age of 50 years. In 1844, Sir James Pearl’s wife, Lady Anne, moved to London, England. John Lester, who had come from Devonshire, England to work for James Pearl, continued working the Pearl Estate, leasing it from Lady Anne Pearl for another 14 years. In her Last Will and Testament, she left John Lester of land called “Anna Vale”, (present day Glendale) which he later sold. The Pearl estate eventually came into the hands of Andrew Glendenning who worked it as successful farmland well into the 1920s. John Lester purchased other land (124 acres opposite the Pearl Estate on Brookfield Road) from Edward Dunscomb and later inherited another on Old Placentia Road (present day Admiralty Wood) from Pearl’s sister, Eunice Blamey. John Lester died in 1893 leaving his estate called “FairMead” to sons Ashton and James. Fairmead is the site of Lester’s Market today.
Development.
In the 1930s and 1940s, Mount Pearl became the meeting place of affluent members of society and lovers of horseracing. A large open air gallery, with benches for spectators to view surrounding lands was erected on “The Mount” in the 1940s. Horseracing continued to be prominent and Mount Pearl began to develop into something of a summer resort for St. John’s residents. Increased population during summer months led to increased population year round and eventual residential and industrial development.
Incorporation.
With the population growing quickly, there was increased demand for municipal government. As a result, Mount Pearl held its first election in 1955 which resulted in Hayward Burrage becoming the first mayor of the Town of Mount Pearl. The town was incorporated on January 11, 1955 and had population of 1,979. On July 21, 1988, the Town of Mount Pearl became the third community in Newfoundland and Labrador to be granted city status. Today it remains one of the largest cities within the province, with a population in 2011 of 24,284
Present Day.
A progressive city of approximately 24,300 people, Mount Pearl’s development has been along the lines of the “City within a Park” with paved streets and walkways interlocking the various neighbourhoods that exist within the City. It is at the centre of an urban region, with quick and easy access to the Trans-Canada Highway. In terms of landmass, the City totals 15.76 square kilometres. The city is growing rapidly, and becoming increasingly well known as a friendly business city. Already it is home to some of the most significant players in the Oil and Gas and Technology industries. Mount Pearl's industrial centre is second to none within the Province. Its recreational facilities are some of the finest found in Atlantic Canada. Mount Pearl's community spirit and a strong volunteer base help to create one of the most beautiful and neighbourly cities in Canada.
Geography.
Mount Pearl is located on the northeast coast of the Avalon Peninsula in southeast Newfoundland, and on the Atlantic Ocean. The city is bounded on the north, south and east by the city of St. John's and on the west by the town of Paradise, which has led to the limited availability of undeveloped land and is causing the city to be a more dense urban centre by increasing its density.
Southlands, a neighbourhood in St. John's was a large part of Mount Pearl's future growth plans for filling in the area between its boundary and Cochrane Pond Provincial Park. The annexation of Southlands in 1992 by St. John's was authorized by the Liberal government of Clyde Wells. Nevertheless, Mount Pearl continued to prosper and develop the City as efficiently as possible faced with a complex challenge of land availability.
Demographics.
The city is located within Newfoundland's census Division No. 1.
According to the Canada 2011 Census:
Government.
Municipal.
The city is represented by a mayor, deputy mayor and five councillors. Elections in Mount Pearl are held every four years on the last Tuesday in September, the last election was held on September 24, 2013. The current mayor is Randy Simms, who was acclaimed in the past election. He became mayor in 2007 after then mayor Steve Kent was elected to the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly.
Community Complexes.
Pearlgate Multiplex.
Not yet completed. “This expanded facility will be one of the most well-used community places for multiple sporting and community group activities, truly a hub of recreation”, says Mayor Randy Simms. “As a municipality, we are proud this facility has been designed to LEED standards, a third-party certification program and an internationally-accepted benchmark for design, construction and operation of high performance green buildings”.
Background
In June 2012 construction began on the Pearlgate Recreation Multiplex (Reid Community Centre expansion). Mayor Randy Simms, accompanied by the Honourable Kevin O’Brien, Minister of Municipal Affairs official turned the sod of this new state of the art facility. The Multiplex will be an approximate 60,000 sq. ft. facility housing a 25,000 sq. ft. aquatics complex, a fitness centre with indoor walking track, weight training room, fitness program spaces, multi-purpose room and retail space. The aquatics centre includes an 8-lane competition swimming pool designed to FINA (Federation Internationale de Natation) standards; large pool deck with spectator balcony, a 2-lane lap pool, a kid’s pool with water slide, whirlpool/therapy pool, a kid’s splash pad with water features, male/female/family change rooms with shower facilities and a dry sauna.
The Glacier Arena.
The Glacier is a three level multi-purpose complex and includes an 85' x 200' ice/floor surface, six dressing rooms, pro-shop, first aid room, referees room, board room, meeting room, snack shop, Crystal Ice viewing room, cafeteria with full kitchen service and standing room viewing, lounge with standing room viewing, twelve viewing booths, a 1,004 fixed seating gallery capacity and a concert capacity of 4000. Operated under a volunteer Board of Management, the Glacier is the proud host of many community events including: daily recreational skating sports competitions such as figure skating, ice hockey and gymnastics trade shows and exhibitions and family, youth and adult special events and concerts.
Team Gueshue Softball Complex.
Team Gushue Softball Complex is located in the Team Gushue Sports Complex (off Smallwood Dr), the softball building can accommodate up to 65 people.
Mount Pearl Swimming Pool.
This 10,930 square foot recreational facility includes a 25 metre swimming pool and aquatic features such as a children's slide, climbing wall, saunas, a viewing gallery, multi- purpose room and kitchen. Children and adult swim lessons are offered year round, recreational swims are offered on a daily basis, and shallow water fitness classes are also available. Birthday parties at the pool are quite popular for people of all ages. The Swimming Pool is home to the Mount Pearl Marlins Swim Team and the Mount Pearl Synchro Club.
Community events.
Frosty Festival.
This wonderful festival of music, magic, dancing, great food, laughter and good sportsmanship is a fun time for everyone in the family and a unique opportunity to celebrate what it means to be part of a community. Frosty Festival is a prime example of a Newfoundlanders ability to make the best of everything good that winter has to offer. For many years the high point of the Festival is the Opening Ceremony and the Lighting of the Flame, a family evening of free entertainment and activity, which kick starts the large number of activities offered.
Mount Pearl City Days Celebrations.
2013 City Days will be held from Friday, July 19 to Sunday, July 21, 2013. This birthday celebration promises to be a hit for visitors and residents alike.
Christmas at the Glacier.
Christmas at the Glacier started in 1993 just as the Glacier building itself was being finished. Sandra and Keith Myler were craft producers themselves at the time. They wanted a bigger, more exciting outlet to sell their wares. From talking to other crafters and artists it was evident there was a need for a new Craft Show featuring lower end to middle and higher end products. Christmas at the Glacier is a Festival of Craft and Art. It has become the largest and highest attended adult event of its type in the Province! The new partnership with Beverly Moore happened in 2003, forming a totally separate company for the show, "CGI Entertainment Inc." Another facet of the industry are the one day craft fairs.
Citizen of the Year.
Each year, a resident of the City of Mount Pearl is named Mount Pearl Citizen of the Year. This event is held annually by the Kinsmen Club of Mount Pearl, in partnership with the City of Mount Pearl and is held in conjunction with Volunteer Week. People of Mount Pearl take time to recognize the outstanding citizens in our community. Every Community Group has a special person and this event offers groups a chance to thank them with a nomination so they can be recognized for their outstanding volunteer work within their community.

</doc>
<doc id="18736588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736588" title="John Fogerty discography">
John Fogerty discography

John Fogerty is an American musician who has recorded both solo and as a member of Creedence Clearwater Revival.
Fogerty has released nine studio albums between his debut album "The Blue Ridge Rangers" in 1973, to his most recent release, "Wrote a Song For Everyone", in 2013. He has also released 26 singles, including the "Billboard" Hot 100 Top 10 single, "The Old Man Down the Road". The song was also a Number One single on the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, his only Number One on a "Billboard" singles chart.
The most successful studio release is 1985's "Centerfield". The album peaked at #1 on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified 2× Multi-Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. The two follow up albums, "Eye of the Zombie" (1986) and "Blue Moon Swamp" (1997), were both certified Gold in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18736613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736613" title="St. Mark Coptic Orthodox Church (Jersey City, New Jersey)">
St. Mark Coptic Orthodox Church (Jersey City, New Jersey)

St Mark Coptic Orthodox Church (Coptic: // transliteration: "ti.eklyseya en.remenkimi en.orthodoxos ente fi.ethowab Markos") is notably the first Coptic Orthodox church in the United States, located at Jersey City, New Jersey. It is one of over 200 Coptic Orthodox Churches in the United States.
History.
St. Mark's Church was first founded from the late 60's, although the actual date of incorporation was 1970. The large influx of Copts in New Jersey can be attributed to their persecution in Egypt, in addition to those who emigrate seeking educational and financial opportunities. Currently, there are more than 30,000 Copts in Jersey City alone.
Expansion.
Coptic Orthodox Christians, who adhere to an ancient Christian faith rooted in Egypt in the first century, have established a presence throughout New Jersey over the last several decades. Being the first Coptic Orthodox Church in the United States, St. Mark’s in Jersey City was founded by early Egyptian immigrants, and the congregations have since grown in allowing 15 other parishes in New Jersey alone.
The year 1977 marked the first pastoral visit by Pope Shenouda III to the US and Canada, including St. Mark's Church in Jersey City. Ten years later, in January 1987, the church building was newly refitted and consecrated.
Priests.
St. Mark Church had several priests over the decades, including one who died in the early 90's. The first liturgy was celebrated in St. Mark's Church on March 22, 1970 by the late Fr. Rafael Younan who was a resident priest in Montreal since 1968.
There are currently three priests that serve St. Mark's Church. Fr. Abraam Sleman was ordained as a priest on June 18th, 1989 by Pope Shenouda III to serve at St. Mary Church (Ard Elgolf). Then, on September 3rd, 1993, Pope Shenouda chose to have him serve St. Mark Coptic Orthodox Church in Englewood, Colorado.
Rev. Gabriel Abdelsayed, who was the archpriest of St. Mark's, died in 1993. Pope Shenouda decided to replace the deceased priest with Fr. Abraam Sleman on January 5, 1995.
Today.
Fr. Abraam served St. Mark Church for several years up to this point. By the time Pope Shenouda III recently elevated Fr. Abraam to the rank of Archpriest (Hegomen) on September 1, 2003, Fr. Sleman was already serving alongside Fr. Markos Ayoub. On September 1, 2007, Pope Shenouda ordained Maged Abdelmaseih as Fr. Daniel Abdelmaseih, to be the third priest at St. Mark's Church. Thus, Heg. Abraam Sleman, Fr. Markos Ayoub, and Fr. Daniel Abdelmaseih have been pastors at St. Mark's Church up until the present.
There are currently about 750 Coptic families served by St. Mark's Church. 

</doc>
<doc id="18736721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736721" title="Hundley">
Hundley

Hundley is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18736722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736722" title="Gothic Lolita Propaganda">
Gothic Lolita Propaganda

Gothic Lolita Propaganda is Yōsei Teikoku's first major debut album, released on April 25, 2007. It features the singles "Ashita wo Yurushite", "Valkyrja", "Noble Roar" and "Senketsu no Chikai" as well as most of the coupling songs from each and some previously unreleased material.

</doc>
<doc id="18736732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736732" title="Ding Fuxue">
Ding Fuxue

Ding Fuxue (born May 23, 1980 in Yuqing County) is a Chinese slalom canoer who competed in the 2000s. He was eliminated in the qualifying round of the K-1 event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, finishing in 21st place.

</doc>
<doc id="18736734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736734" title="Giraavaru people">
Giraavaru people

The Giraavaru people (Tivaru people) are the indigenous people of Giraavaru Island, part of the Maldives. Of Dravidian origin, and the earliest island community of the Maldives, their presence predates Buddhism and the arrival of a Northern kingly dynasty in the archipelago.
Their ancestors were ancient Tamil people from Malabar Coast, present day Kerala.Their former status was rather like the palm-tree tapping lower castes of Kerala, and other Divehis regarded them as impure. They themselves averred that their customs and morals were purer then those of other Divehis.
The Giraavaru cast was isolated and thus an endogamous society of relatively low population, for more than a millennia. As a result the Giraavaru population showed a number of genetically inherited disorders when they were forced into assimilation (Population approximately numbering around 40's at the time).
Origins.
The Giraavaru origins are most probably in fishermen from the Malabar coast of the Subcontinent that settled the Maldives in very ancient times. They are mentioned in the legend about the establishment of the capital and kingly rule in Malé, where the Giraavaru people granted permission to a visiting king "Koimala Kalo" prior to the foundation of his kingdom on Malé. Although the Giraavaru was much larger and civilized at the time, most of the island has eroded due to changing weather ("Gira" means eroding and "varu" could have come from "faru" meaning reef). 
Until the twentieth century the Giraavaru people displayed recognisable physical, linguistic and cultural differences to the nearby islands. They were strictly monogamous and prohibited divorce. Their folklore was preserved in song and dance. Their music was audibly different from that of the other islanders. The most distinct items were the necklaces of tiny blue beads which no other Maldivian wore.
It is said that the Giraavaru people were always headed by a woman and that throughout Maldivian history, a woman ("foolhuma-dhaitha"), represented the Sultan's civil authority in Giravaru Island. The Sultans of the Maldives used to recognise the autonomy of the Giraavaru people and did not apply quite the same laws on them as they did on the rest of their realm. The Giravaru people never seemed to fully recognise the sovereignty of the Sultans. Ordinary Maldivians were required to address the Malé nobility in a different level of speech. However, the Giravaru people did not observe this custom and addressed the Malé nobility as they would usually address themselves. It was believed that the Giravaru people were mortally scared of toads. 
Things changed since 1932 when a written constitution was adopted. The customary rights of the indigenous Giraavaru people were not recognised in that document. Any rights they seemed to have enjoyed under the absolute rule of the Sultans were extinguished by default.
End of the culture.
In 1968, due to heavy erosion of the island and as a result, reduction of the community to a few members, they were forced to abandon their island under an Islamic regulation that did not recognise communities with less than 40 adult males, which was the minimum required for the regular performance of Friday prayers. The Giraavaru people were ferried across the atoll lagoon to Hulhulé Island and resettled there. When the airport there was extended they were shifted across to Malé and housed in a few blocks in newly reclaimed areas in the Maafanu district.
The distinct Giraavaru culture swiftly disappeared when the Giraavaru young people were assimilated into the wider Malé society through inter-marriage. "Pure" Giraavaru are now thought to be extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="18736735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736735" title="Symphony No. 32 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 32 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 32 in C major (Hoboken I/32) is a festive symphony by Joseph Haydn. The exact date of composition is unknown. It has been suggested by noted Haydn scholar H.C. Robbins Landon that it could have been written as early as 1757 and as late as 1763. More recent scholars have suggested it was composed in either 1760 or 1761
Movements.
The work is in four movements and is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, 2 trumpets, timpani, strings and continuo. 
The work is one of the few symphonies of the Classical era to place the Minuet second (others include Haydn's 37th and 44th, and his brother Michael's 15th and 16th). The winds are dismissed for the slow movement. The 3/8 time signature for the finale is consistent with an early date of its composition.

</doc>
<doc id="18736740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736740" title="John Allred">
John Allred

John Allred may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18736745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736745" title="Jack Hunt School">
Jack Hunt School

Jack Hunt School is a co-educational foundation comprehensive school and specialist language and sports college in Netherton in the city of Peterborough in the United Kingdom. The school currently has 1,466 pupils on the roll, aged 11 (Year 7) to 18 (Year 13). Refurbishment of the premises, as part of the Peterborough Secondary School Review, increased the capacity by one form of entry in each year group, with a similar increase in the sixth form, amounting to around an extra 175 places.
History.
The school was officially opened Alderman Dr. Jack Hunt, chairman of the Education Committee of the then Huntingdon and Peterborough County Council, after whom it is named. Briefly, until education in the county was reorganised in 1976, it functioned as a grammar school.
Jack Hunt School became a Beacon school in September 1999 for an initial period of three years. Following a successful application to the then Department for Education and Skills, Beacon status was granted for a further three years with effect from September 2002. In 2004, Beacon schools came to an end nationally and Jack Hunt successfully applied to become a new Leading Edge school.
In September 2001 racial tensions escalated at the school following the racist murder of former pupil Ross Parker in the city shortly after the September 11th Attacks. Three Asian pupils were suspended in October 2001 following an attack on another pupil but the school and headmaster Chris Hilliard were later praised in Parliament for the way they managed to overcome such problems.
On 16 January 2012, the school received a hoax call stating that a bomb had been planted on the premises. Subsequently the entire school had to be evacuated. The pupils were left outside for hours, leading to numerous complaints from parents. In response, and as a token of apology, the head purchased a doughnut for every pupil.
In March 2012, 27 of the students performed the schools most successful musical Oklahoma, after 15 years of hits. The performances ran during the week beginning 12 March 2012 and saw the cast perform the show five times. The show received excellent reviews and students were congratulated for their success and hard work. The cast featured 11 main characters (7 male, 4 female), a female quintent of singers, a chorus of girls, two minor male roles and three little girls.[http://www.jackhunt.peterborough.sch.uk/news/?pid=2&nid=2&storyid=329]
Facilities.
Jack Hunt Pool is an 82 feet (25 m) dual-use facility, built on the premises but open to the general public. Jack Hunt is also home to Peterborough's Yamaha School. The school offers Keyboard, Guitar and Drumming to the community.

</doc>
<doc id="18736746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736746" title="Symphony No. 33 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 33 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 33 in C major (Hoboken I/33) is a festive symphony by Joseph Haydn. The precise date of composition is unknown. Haydn scholar H.C. Robbins Landon has dated this work to 1763–65. It has also been suggested that it was written in 1760 or 1761, along with Symphony no. 32.
Movements.
The symphony is scored for two oboes, bassoon, two horns, two trumpets, timpani, strings and continuo. Although Haydn's original timpani part has been lost, Robbins Landon has reconstructed it. There are four movements:
The symphony is unusual for its independent viola writing in the opening movement and its sparse harmonies in the second. This latter feature may have been to allow Haydn, who typically conducted his works from the keyboard, to improvise freely.

</doc>
<doc id="18736747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736747" title="Algemeen nut beogende instelling">
Algemeen nut beogende instelling

Since 2008 the Dutch Tax Administration can designate an institution to be an "Public Benefit Organisation" (Dutch: Algemeen Nut Beogende Instelling, ANBI). At least 90% of the efforts of an ANBI has to be focused on the general good. And since 2012 the 'culturele ANBI' can profit (until at least 2018) from even more Dutch tax advantages.
Conditions.
Institutions that qualify, can start the application for designation as ANBI or Culturele ANBI by submitting a written request for an application form to the Belastingdienst/Oost-Brabant in 's-Hertogenbosch.
The most important conditions are:
The ANBI does not have to be a Dutch legal personality. But often the ANBI is a Dutch 'stichting' (foundation), though not every foundation qualifies. It can also be a Dutch "vereniging" (voluntary association). It cannot be an organisation that is for the benefit of its members or shareholders only: a sport club, association of personnel, or a commercial institution. The ANBI does not have to have registered offices in the Netherlands nor in the EU.
More conditions apply to ANBIs as of January 1st 2014. The Dutch Tax Administration can revoke an ANBI designation anytime. Special regulations apply in that case. The database of registered ANBIs is online and searchable.
Advantages.
If in a calendar year the sum of someone's gifts to ANBIs exceeds 1% of the Dutch threshold income, the excess, with a maximum of 10% of that income, is deductible income. Also the ANBI itself is exempted from inheritance tax and gift tax on inheritances and gifts it receives, except on those made under a condition such that it is not for public benefit.
Examples.
ANBI examples:
'Culturele ANBI' examples:
Non-Dutch ANBI examples:
Non-Dutch 'culturele ANBI' examples:
Revoked designation example:
Non-ANBI examples:

</doc>
<doc id="18736766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736766" title="Feng Liming">
Feng Liming

Feng Liming (born 17 September 1986 in Dechang, Sichuan) is a Chinese slalom canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s. He was eliminated in the semifinals of the C-1 event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18736780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736780" title="Hu Minghai">
Hu Minghai

Hu Minghai (born April 19, 1989 in Yueyang, Hunan) is a Chinese slalom canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing he and his partner Shu Junrong finished in 10th place after being eliminated in the semifinals of the C-2 event. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London they made the final of the C-2 event and finished in 6th place.

</doc>
<doc id="18736782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736782" title="Chitrali people">
Chitrali people

The Chitrali (Urdu:) or Kho people (Khowar:) is a minority ethnic group in northwestern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. They are mostly found in the Chitral District and speak Chitrali, also known as Khowar.
The main ethnic group, the Khow, speak Khowar (or Chitrali), one of the Dardic languages, which is also spoken in parts of Yasin, Gilgit, Ghizer and Swat.
History and culture.
Chitrali culture is one that pays heavy emphasis on poetry, song and dance. Chitrali people also have a great respect of law and order. This in contrast to the generally lawless traditions of almost all of the neighbouring regions. Much of this can be attributed to Chitral being a stable kingdom for most of its history, where the rule of law and the will of the ruler came before tribal concepts such as revenge and isolationism.
With the exception of the Kalash all of the Chitrali people are Muslims, with the majority being Sunni and about thirty percent Ismaili. Generally, the people living in the southern Chitral area and Chitral Town are very conservative because of the influences from the rest of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, whereas the people of the north are more liberal.
Because of Chitral's location at the crossroads of Central Asia and South Asia the Chitrali people display a wide variety of cultures, largely depending upon their ancestral ethnic group and family history. 
The traditional dress of the Khow people is the shuqa, a loose woolen robe similar to the Tibetan chuba. Amongst the nobility Uzbek Silk chapan robes were formerly popular, but are now rarely worn. The khapol or pakol is a Chitrali invention which is now worn throughout Afghanistan and Northern Pakistan.
Folk music.
The Chitrali music & musical instruments are very famous in the region. folk singers and reed instrument players have a special respect in the Kho society and a must in their festivities. Mainly used instruments are Shehnai, Sitar, and reed instruments. The Chitrali sitar is a popular musical instrument not only in Chitral but adopted in Ghizar, Gilgit Hunza region and by the Pathans of the Frontier and Afghanistan. It is made out of mulberry wood with five steel strings arranged in three courses, the outer ones have double strings, tuned in unison, while the inner course is single. here are few most papular music tone of the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18736785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736785" title="Row 44">
Row 44

Row 44 is a Westlake Village, California-based company providing in-flight broadband connectivity and wireless inflight entertainment for commercial aircraft around the world. As of October 2012, the company had seven airline customers—Southwest Airlines and Allegiant Air (North America), Norwegian Air Shuttle (Europe), Transaero and UTair Aviation (Russian Federation), Icelandair (Iceland), and Mango Airlines (Africa). Also as of October 2012, the company had deployed its broadband solution on more commercial planes than any other satellite-based connectivity provider.
Row 44’s products and services for airlines include Internet access, live television channels, video-on-demand, destination sales, games, e-commerce, and flight tracking. These are accessible via passengers’ Wi-Fi devices (smart phones, tablets, laptops, etc.) or through a connection to the airline’s existing seatback system. The system is also available as “Video-on-Demand” (VoD) only, without Row 44's satellite connectivity, enabling airlines to offer passengers an onboard selection of video content streamed directly to their WiFi devices. In October 2012, Allegiant Air selected Row 44's wireless Video-on-Demand (VoD) service for its fleet of Boeing 757s, which cover the airline's routes to Hawai'i.
The Row 44 solution also offers mobile phone usage (where permitted) as well as airline operational data services for cockpit and crew and airline operations.
Television channels include CNBC, MSNBC and NBC Sports Network; FOX News Channel and FOX Business Network; BBC World News; and Bloomberg Television. Video-on-Demand providers include Disney, Warner Bros., NBC Universal and Twentieth Century FOX. Additional television and Video-on-Demand content is available worldwide.
By May 2012, the Row 44 in-flight broadband solution had been installed on approximately 265 commercial planes in North America and Europe—approximately 210 Southwest Airlines, approximately 50 Norwegian Air Shuttle aircraft and several of Mango's planes. Installations on Transaero and Icelandair aircraft are expected to begin in late 2012. The company held contracts to install its system on all airlines' respective entire fleets, including more than 540 Southwest Airlines and 100 Norwegian Air Shuttle aircraft.
As of mid-2012, Row 44 had raised approximately $100 million in funding, including a June 2012 financing round of $45 million, led by inflight content experts Advanced Inflight Alliance AG (AIA), with a significant investment as well from Row 44's longtime investor PAR Capital.
Row 44's corporate headquarters are in Westlake Village, California, and the company has engineering and development facilities in Chicago, Illinois, an international business development office in London, United Kingdom, and Web development offices in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Corporate history.
Row 44 got its start in 2003 when Southern California entrepreneur Gregg Fialcowitz identified an opportunity to leverage Hughes' global satellite infrastructure to provide inflight broadband services. Gregg recruited British-born technology entrepreneur John Guidon to join him and together they founded Row 44 in 2004. They secured exclusive North American rights with Hughes as well as the rights to leverage Hughes's satellite infrastructure around the world.
The company's name is derived from Guidon's experience as a college student sitting in row 44 on an aging DC-10 airplane when traveling from the United Statesthe to the UK: “The seats didn’t recline, you were right under the DC-10’s third engine, and next to about six lavatories. I figured, if we can make the flight enjoyable for the folks in Row 44, we’ve accomplished our goal.”[2
Satellite-based broadband communication uplink.
In contrast to other providers that use ground-based antennas to link the aircraft to their networks, Row 44 leases spectrum from the existing operators of Geostationary Satellites. Such satellite capacity is widely available worldwide in a competitive market.
On August 5, 2009, Row 44 received permanent authority from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to operate its satellite-based broadband system aboard commercial aircraft over US airspace.
Row 44 maintains licenses in many countries around the world for current operations and expansion.
The System.
Row 44's in-flight broadband solution consists of the following components:
- Ku-band antenna system—mounted atop the aircraft fuselage and encased within a fiberglass, RF-transparent radome.
- Four Line Replaceable Units (LRUs) -- mounted inside the aircraft, typically above the cabin headliner. These LRUs include an Antenna Control Unit (ACU), Modem Data Unit (MDU), Server Management Unit (SMU), and High Power Transceiver (HPT).
- Cabin Wireless LAN Units—mounted throughout the aircraft cabin as needed to provide consistent 802.11 Wi-Fi signal for passenger and crew use.
Row 44's fuselage-top-mounted Ku-band antennas communicate with geostationary satellites, allowing Row 44 to offer uninterrupted in-flight Wi-Fi service over water and on airlines' routes virtually anywhere in the world.
Testing phase.
Southwest Airlines began testing the system aboard several of its planes in February 2009.
In addition to the company's first commercial airline customers, Row 44 also often engages in development and testing of its in-flight Wi-Fi system aboard its own test plane, a 1950s Grumman HU-16 Albatross seaplane.
The company purchased and restored the aircraft in mid-2008. The roomy Albatross, originally designed for the US Air Force for search-and-rescue operations (and later used by the Coast Guard for the same purpose), has the same curvature atop its fuselage as a Boeing 737—making it an ideal aircraft to host Row 44's satellite antenna and radome for testing.
Row 44's Test Plane: The Albatross.
Row 44 outfitted its test seaplane, The Albatross (pictured here), with the identical in-flight broadband entertainment system the company uses for its commercial airline partners.
Row 44’s Albatross was actually used by NASA as part of the training program for Shuttle astronauts. During their training, the astronauts signed one of the cabin walls (pictured here). Although Row 44 completely re-designed the plane’s interior with leather chairs and tables and even a refrigerator, the company did not disturb this piece of Albatross and NASA history.
Airline deployment announcements.
Norwegian Air Shuttle, the fifth largest low-cost carrier in Europe, announced on April 27, 2009, that it would begin installing Row 44's in-flight broadband on the airline's entire fleet. As of May 2012, Row 44 had installed its broadband solution on more than 45 Norwegian aircraft, and Norwegian was offering in-flight broadband connectivity, powered by Row 44’s system, free to its passengers.
Southwest Airlines announced on August 21, 2009, that the airline had selected Row 44's broadband system for its fleet of more than 540 aircraft. The airline announced it planned to begin equipping its planes with Row 44's system in the first quarter of 2010. As of May 2012, Row 44 had installed its broadband solution on more than 250 Southwest planes, and the airline was offering “Southwest WiFi,” powered by Row 44’s system, at a flat rate of $5 all day per device (including multiple flights the same day) to passengers.
Transaero Airlines, Russia's first private airline, announced in May 2012 that it would equip its fleet of approximately 80 planes with Row 44's broadband solution. This partnership with Transaero—which offers routes throughout Europe, across Asia and into North America and Africa—marked Row 44's first trans-atlantic and trans-aisa customer.
Also in May 2012, South Africa-based Mango Airlines announced its first broadband-equipped flight, using Row 44's system powered by the company's African partner, wireless service provider Wireless G. This flight, which took place May 7, 2012, represented the first commercial flight ever in Africa offering broadband service to passengers. In September 2012, Mango completed installations, having equipped the Row 44-Wireless G WiFi system aboard all of its fleet.
On May 31, 2012, Icelandair, Iceland's main airline, signed a contract with Row 44 to install the company's Wi-Fi service on the airline's entire fleet. Installations are expected to begin by the end of 2012.
In October 2012, Row 44 announced that Allegiant Air had selected Row 44's wireless Video-on-Demand (VoD) service for its fleet of Boeing 757s, which cover the airline's routes to Hawai'i. Allegiant Air became the first airline to select Row 44's VoD solution, which provides onboard entertainment content (movies, television shows, etc.) streamed directly to passengers' own WiFi devices—but which does not require Row 44's full Ku-band satellite system.
In October 2012, Row 44 announced that UTair Aviation, one of Russia's largest airlines, had signed on to begin equipping its aircraft with Row 44's inflight WiFi solution. UTair's partnership for WiFi service with Row 44 includes a customized UTair-branded inflight portal with such passenger WiFi services as high-speed Internet access, bookable destination services, live television channels, video-on-demand, online shopping and real-time flight updates.

</doc>
<doc id="18736789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736789" title="Tran dialect">
Tran dialect

The Tran dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, member of the Transitional dialects, which is spoken in the regions of Tran and Godech in central western Bulgaria and in the Western Outlands. It borders on the Belogradchik dialect to the north, the Sofia dialect to the east and the Breznik dialect to the south.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Transitional dialects, cf. Transitional Bulgarian dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_izt_1.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18736791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736791" title="Tiscali TV">
Tiscali TV

Tiscali TV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18736799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736799" title="Shu Junrong">
Shu Junrong

Shu Junrong (born June 25, 1988 in Mayang, Hunan) is a Chinese slalom canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing he and his partner Hu Minghai finished in 10th place after being eliminated in the semifinals of the C-2 event. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London they made the final of the C-2 event and finished in 6th place.

</doc>
<doc id="18736803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736803" title="Marcus Petreius">
Marcus Petreius

Marcus Petreius (110 BC – April 46 BC) was a Roman politician and general. He cornered and killed the notorious rebel Catiline at Pistoria.
Career.
The chronology of the early stages of Petreius’ career is unclear. He was in any case the first in his family line to enter into the Senate. Sallust describes him as a military man, who in 62 BC already had a thirty-year-long career in the army as Military tribune, Prefect and Legate behind him. Petreius served at the latest in 64 BC as Praetor, although the exact year he took on this position is unknown.
Petreius served as Legate under the Consul Gaius Antonius Hybrida in 63/62 BC. He led the Senatorial forces in the victory over the revolutionary Lucius Sergius Catilina at Pistoria in early 62 BC, while Hybrida remained away from the battle with a foot ache. During Gaius Julius Caesar’s Consulship of 59 BC, Marcus Petreius allied himself with Caesar’s bitter opponent Marcus Porcius Cato (the Younger).
From 55 BC, Petreius and Lucius Afranius administered the Spanish provinces as Legates, while the official governor Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus remained in Rome. After the outbreak of the Civil War in 49 BC, Petreius and Afranius marched against Caesar, who for his part wished to secure Spain before moving against Pompey in Greece. The two Legates suffered defeat after initial successes, and were forced to capitulate and disband their army on August 2 at Ilerda. Caesar allowed Petreius and Afranius their freedom, and the two traveled to Greece to join Pompey’s forces. After Pompey’s defeat in the Battle of Pharsalus, Petreius and Cato fled from the Peloponnese to North Africa, where the former continued to serve as Legate in the resistance to Caesar. Together with Titus Labienus, Petreius again achieved several successes against Caesar. After the defeat of the Pompeians at Thapsus, Petreius fled with the Numidian King, Juba. As they realized the hopelessness of their situation, Petreius and Juba took their lives on an estate near Zama: Petreius and Juba decided upon a duel, in which Petreius killed Juba. Petreius then took his own life with the help of a slave.

</doc>
<doc id="18736813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736813" title="Li Jingjing">
Li Jingjing

Li Jingjing (born February 1, 1985 in Changle, Fujian) is a Chinese slalom canoer who has competed since the early 2000s. At the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, she was eliminated in the qualifying round of the K-1 event, finishing in 18th place. Four years later in Beijing, Li was eliminated in the semifinals of the same event. She was classified in 13th place. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London she was once again eliminated in the semifinal of the K-1 event, finishing in 11th place.

</doc>
<doc id="18736817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736817" title="Dimensions of Dialogue">
Dimensions of Dialogue

Dimensions of Dialogue () is a 1982 Czechoslovak animated short film directed by Jan Švankmajer. It is 14 minutes long and created with stop motion.
Plot.
The animation is divided into three sections. "Factual discussion" (Dialog věcný) shows Arcimboldo-like heads gradually reducing each other to bland copies; "Passionate discourse" (Dialog vášnivý) shows a clay man and woman who dissolve into one another sexually, then quarrel and reduce themselves to a frenzied, boiling pulp; and "Exhaustive conversation" (Dialogu vyčerpávajícím) consists of two elderly clay heads who extrude various objects on their tongues (toothbrush and toothpaste; shoe and shoelaces, etc.) and intertwine them in various combinations.
Accolades.
"Dimensions of Dialogue" won 3 major awards in 1983: the Grad Prix from the Annecy International Animated Film Festival, and the Golden Bear for Best Short Film, and the C.I.D.A.L.C. Award (Honorable Mention) from the Berlin International Film Festival. It was also selected by Terry Gilliam as one of the ten best animated films of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="18736832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736832" title="Nor Ughi">
Nor Ughi

Nor Ughi (; also, Nor Ouri) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia. The town developed around the "New Way" winery.

</doc>
<doc id="18736844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736844" title="Gray Gables (Tampa)">
Gray Gables (Tampa)

Gray Gables is a neighborhood and platted subdivision within the city limits of Tampa, Florida. As of the 2000 census Gray Gables and the adjoining neighborhood of Bon Air had a combined population of 921. The ZIP Code serving the neighborhood is 33609.
Geography.
Gray Gables is located to the east of Dale Mabry Highway. The platted boundaries of the subdivision are S. Beverly Avenue on the East, Azeele Street to the South, Himes Avenue to the West and Kennedy Boulevard to the North. The neighborhhood is located within the South Tampa region.

</doc>
<doc id="18736862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736862" title="One Day at HorrorLand">
One Day at HorrorLand

One Day at HorrorLand is the sixteenth children's horror novella in the "Goosebumps" series by R. L. Stine. It was adapted into a two-part episode for the television series, which was later released on VHS and DVD. A comic adaptation of the book was included in the graphic novel compilation "Terror Trips", part of the "Goosebumps Graphix" series. There were two video games based on the book. The HorrorLand theme park was expanded upon in the book series "Goosebumps HorrorLand".
Plot.
The Morris family and their friend become lost, accidentally finding the HorrorLand theme park. Shortly after parking, their car explodes, but the ticket-taker reassures them that it will be taken care of. The children, Lizzy Morris, Luke Morris, and their friend Clay, explore the theme park and get on the rides. After a ride in which Lizzy is locked in a casket traveling down a river, the three of them attempt to convince the parents that they all should leave. The parents reveal that they experienced similar problems, so they all decide to confront the Horrors.
After the Morris family and Clay discover that the gates have been locked to prevent their escape, the monsters surround them. In anger, Lizzy tries to remove a mask from one of the monsters, which she discovers is actually the Horror's face. The Horrors explain that they are monsters, but that the visitors' experiences were part of a television show. As an apology, the monsters say that they will lead them towards a new car, but they are led to carnivorous animals.
After surviving the animals' attack, the monsters attempt to murder the family. Lizzy then remembers signs within the park that said "No pinching". The visitors proceed to pinch all of the monsters, resulting in them deflating like balloons. The Morris family and Clay escape HorrorLand in a different car, but in a twist ending, find out that a Horror held onto the back of the vehicle until they reached their home. The monster offers them free passes for their next visit.
Publications.
The book was a "USA Today" bestseller in March 1994. It was released again in 2011, under the "Classic Goosebumps" rename.
"Return to HorrorLand", a sequel to the book and the thirteenth book of the series "Goosebumps Series 2000", was released in 1999. Lizzy, Luke, and Clay revisit HorrorLand, so that they can attempt to close the theme park.
Adaptations.
A video game titled "Goosebumps: Escape from HorrorLand" was released in 1996, by DreamWorks, for Microsoft Windows. Players have to encounter film monsters such as Dracula. In a 2008 video game titled "Goosebumps HorrorLand", released for the Wii and Nintendo DS, the players attempt to escape from the theme park. The book was also adapted into a board game titled "Goosebumps One Day at HorrorLand Game", which was released by Milton Bradley Company.
"Terror Trips", the second volume of the graphic novel trilogy "Goosebumps Graphix", includes an adaptation that was illustrated by Jill Thompson. R. J. Carter, of "The Trades", wrote that some panels of the comic were influenced by manga. Despite Jennifer Feigelman, of "Kliatt", writing that the adaptation has "frenetic lines and mismatched panel sizing", she said that the graphic novel, in which the adaptation is contained, is "destined to be a hit with the "tween" crowd".
"Goosebumps HorrorLand" is a book series that takes place in HorrorLand.
Episodes.
The book was adapted into a two-part episode for the "Goosebumps" television series. Airing as episodes 8 and 9 of the third season, the first episode aired on October 25, 1997 and the second episode aired on November 1, 1997. The character Clay was not included in the episodes. A reviewer on "DVD Talk" wrote, "This two-part episode is largely enjoyable, with some pretty scary moments, though it has a disturbing subtext and an ending that may leave younger children especially feeling squeamish".
Home media.
The VHS release of the television episodes was reported as the fourteenth best-selling children's video in the November 14, 1998 issue of "Billboard". The VHS, along with two other Goosebumps releases, were advertised on millions of products by General Mills, with coupons and a sweepstakes for a "Goosebumps" stage production.
The DVD was released in 2008, with no special features. Jeffrey Kauffman, writing for "DVD Talk", said that the DVD release is "a completely average television presentation all around" with "typical" sound.

</doc>
<doc id="18736882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736882" title="Masaesyli">
Masaesyli

The Masaesyli were a North African tribe of western Numidia and the main antagonists of the Massylii in eastern Numidia. 
During the Second Punic War the Masaesyli initially supported the Roman Republic and were led by Syphax against the Massyllii, who were led by Massinissa. After Massinissa threatened to unite all Numidians in a confederacy against Rome, the Masaesyli turned against Rome and undertook the siege of Carthage. Syphax was defeated, however, and spent the remainder of his days in Roman captivity, while his tribe was assimilated into the kingdom of Massinissa.

</doc>
<doc id="18736896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736896" title="Jack Brown">
Jack Brown

Jack Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18736902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736902" title="List of programs broadcast by Me-TV">
List of programs broadcast by Me-TV

The following is a list of programs broadcast on Me-TV, a classic television network designed for digital subchannels of over the air broadcast station in the United States. A large amount of the programs come from CBS Television Distribution, NBCUniversal Television Distribution, and 20th Television, and a few from Warner Bros. Television, Sony Pictures Television, MGM Television, and Peter Rodgers Organization. This list does not include runs on Me-TV's local stations in Chicago and Milwaukee before December 2010.
Current programming.
Children's.
E/I Indicates program contains educational and informational program content for children, per FCC guidelines.

</doc>
<doc id="18736911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736911" title="V1472 Aquilae">
V1472 Aquilae

V1472 Aquilae is a semi-regular pulsating star. 

</doc>
