<doc id="18646698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646698" title="Charukesi">
Charukesi

Charukesi (pronounced chārukēsi) is a rāga in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 26th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Tarangini in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
"Charukesi" is known to incite feelings of pathos and devotion in the listener.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 2nd rāgam in the 5th "chakra Bana". The mnemonic name is "Bana-Sri". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ri gu ma pa dha ni". Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras in Carnatic music" for details on below notation and terms):
It is a "sampoorna" rāgam - a rāgam that has all seven "swaras" (notes). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Rishabhapriya", which is the 62nd "melakarta".
"Janya" rāgams.
There are only a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with "Charukesi". See full list of "janya" rāgams associated with it.
Popular compositions.
"Adamodi Galade" by Thyagaraja, "Karunai Varuumo" by Papanasam Sivan and "Kripaya pālaya sowrae" by Swati Tirunal are popular kritis (compositions) set in "Charukesi". Lalgudi Jayaraman, the acclaimed violinist and composer, has composed a very popoular varnam in Charukesi called "Innum En Manam". This varnam was a favorite of Maharajapuram Santhanam, who began a large chunk of his concerts with this song. Palayamam Parameswari, a composition of Sri. Muthuswami Dikshadar in Raga Tarangini is a fine example of charukesi of today.
Many compositions exist amongst modern adaptations of "Charukesi", especially in Indian movies, in the so-called "film songs". An example is the song "Ahista Ahista" from the movie Swades, "Chanda Re" from the movie Sapnay, "Teri Umeed Tera Intezar" from the movie Deewana, "Chand Aaya Hai Zamin Pe " from the movie Dil Hi DIl Mein, "Aye Kash Kavi Aisa Hota" from the movie Mohra,"Vasanta mullai poalae" from the Tamil movie "Sarangadara", "Edho Edho Ondru" from the Tamil movie "Enakku Iruvathu, Unakku Padhinettu', 'Aadal Kalaye' from Sri Raghavendra and "Udaya Udaya" from another Tamil movie "Udhaya". "Charukesi" is also popular in Hindustani music.
In the 2012 release of his devotional album on Lord "Ayyappan SABARIMALAI VA CHARANAM SOLLI VA", ace singer P. Unni Krishnan renders a song on Raga Charukesi, UTHIRATHIL UDHITHAVANE SOL, signifying the Lord's birth star UTHIRAM. This album was composed and released by Manachanallur Giridharan, a noted Music Director from Tamil Nadu.
In western music, charukesi like structures are encountered in Franz Schubert's famous Impromptu C Minor Allegro molto moderato and also in Russian Composer Mikhail Ippolitov-Ivanov's 'Procession of the Sardar' from his Orchestral Suite, Caucasian Sketches""
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
Charukesi's notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 3 other major "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Vachaspati", "Natakapriya" and "Gourimanohari". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration, see "Graha bhedam on Vachaspati".

</doc>
<doc id="18646705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646705" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres

The women's K-2 500 metres competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics will take place at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing. The K-2 event is raced in two-person kayaks.
Competition consists of three rounds: the heats, the semifinals, and the final. All boats compete in the heats. The top three finishers in each of the two heats advances directly to the final, while the remaining top nine finishers in both heats move on to the semifinal. The top three finishers in the semifinals join the heats winners in the final.
Heats took place on August 19, semifinal will take place on August 21, and the final on August 23.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, 4..7->Semifinal + 8th best time, Rest Out
Semifinal.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, Rest Out

</doc>
<doc id="18646709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646709" title="Diocese of Lebombo">
Diocese of Lebombo

The Diocese of Lebombo (pt. "Diocese Anglicana dos Libombos") is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa. It is one of the two Anglican dioceses of Mozambique. This diocese is the more Southern of the two, the other being Niassa. It is divided into 6 archdeaconries: Inhambane District, Limpopo, Maciene, Maputo District, Pungoe and Umbeluzi.
History.
The diocese was a result of the British missionary activity in Portuguese Mozambique, in the 19th century. The first bishop nominated of the Anglican Diocese of Lebombo was William Edmund Smyth, in 1893, who would be in functions until 1912. Only after the beginning of the war of independence between Portugal and the FRELIMO, the diocese would have his first Portuguese language bishop, Daniel Pina Cabral, a white European born prelate. Bishop Daniel Pina Cabral developed friendly relationships with the Roman Catholic bishops of Mozambique and established contact with members of the FRELIMO. He would be in office from 1969 to 1976, shortly after the independence. He was succeeded by the first Mozambican-born black bishop, Dinis Sengulane, still in charge.
The seat of the diocese is the Cathedral of St Augustine in Maciene in Mozambique. The largest city in the diocese is Maputo. At the 2012 Provincial Synod of the Church of Southern Africa plans to create further dioceses in Mozambique were discussed. As an interim measure, two new episcopal areas are to be created in Lebombo Diocese, with two Area Bishops appointed to work with the Diocesan Bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="18646726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646726" title="Aurora Butterfly of Peace">
Aurora Butterfly of Peace

The Aurora Butterfly of Peace diamond collection is an artwork consisting of 240 natural, fancy colored diamonds weighing a combined total of . This butterfly-shaped diamond mosaic was created over a period of twelve years by Alan Bronstein and Harry Rodman. The diamonds were collected and assembled one stone at a time. The Aurora Butterfly of Peace was conceived by the artists as an eternal icon of love, beauty, energy, nature, and peace. It symbolizes a spiritual connection to earth for all mankind.
From November 2004 through July 2005, the Butterfly of Peace was exhibited in the National Gem Collection Gallery at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C.
A smaller version of the Butterfly of Peace was displayed at the Houston Museum of Natural Science from June 1994 through March 1996. The Aurora Butterfly of Peace was on display from May 25 to July 30, 2008 at the Museum of the Gemological Institute of America (GIA), to help launch “The Facets of the GIA” exhibit, which showcases the prominent role of the Institute in the world of gemology.
Two research studies involving the Butterfly of Peace have resulted in new scientific breakthroughs about fluorescence and phosphorescence in fancy colored diamonds. The amazing phenomena of fluorescence can be seen as a skeletal pattern of glowing colors when the diamonds are exposed to ultraviolet light.
There are rare and unusual color diamonds that make up the design including purples from Russia, blues and oranges from South Africa, lime greens from Brazil, violets and dozens of pinks from the Argyle Mine in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18646734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646734" title="Association of Science and Engineering Technology Professionals of Alberta">
Association of Science and Engineering Technology Professionals of Alberta

The Association of Science and Engineering Technology Professionals of Alberta, or "ASET",
is a not-for-profit, self-governing organization in Alberta, Canada. It is a professional association that promotes the interests of the engineering and applied science technician and technologist professions in industry, educational institutions, the public, and government.
ASET evaluates the qualifications of individuals who voluntarily apply for certification and issues professional credentials accordingly. ASET acts as an advocate for the profession to governments and the general public. It also delivers a number of benefits and services to its members and their employers.
History.
On 1963-08-01, with the sponsorship of the Association of Professional Engineers, Geologists and Geophysicists of Alberta (APEGGA), the "Alberta Society of Engineering Technicians" was incorporated. In 1966 the name was adjusted to the "Alberta Society of Engineering Technologists". Then, in 2005, the name was updated to properly reflect the broad range of disciplines in which ASET certifies, thus becoming the "Association of Science and Engineering Technology Professionals of Alberta", while the established acronym ASET was retained.
Governance and Operation.
Although ASET interacts closely with the provincial and federal governments, it is not a governmental organization and receives no governmental funding. ASET's activities are primarily funded by annual membership dues.
The association's affairs are governed by an elected council of technician and technologist members. Much of the association's operation is aided by volunteer members. A paid, administrative staff operates out of the ASET office in Edmonton, including the Executive Director who liaises with the council.
Former national identity through CCTT.
Each of the 10 Canadian Provinces has a society similar in nature to ASET. In 1970, a coordinating body representing engineering and applied science technicians and technologists in Canada was formed, known as the Canadian Council of Technicians and Technologists (CCTT). Provincial societies appoint directors to CCTT for its governance. ASET has withdrawn from CCTT as of summer 2010. Since then, it has joined an organization called Technology Professionals Canada, which is not a signatory of the Sydney or Dublin Accords. 
Certification.
ASET includes a panel of professional members that evaluates applications for certification and registers engineering and applied science technicians and technologists who meet established Canadian standards in education and experience.
Designations.
ASET confers the following post-nominal designations:
Other types of ASET membership include:
The above symbols are legally protected for use only by certified members.
ASET has issued other designations in the past, which are no longer issued in Alberta:
ASET members who earned these designations previously were instead assigned C.E.T.
The designations conferred by ASET are recognized across Canada by provincial member organizations of Technology Professionals of Canada (TPC) and CCTT. Public recognition of the high standards required of certified technicians and technologists has grown substantially since the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18646738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646738" title="International Journal of Biometeorology">
International Journal of Biometeorology

The International Journal of Biometeorology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal which publishes original research papers, review articles, and short communications on studies examining the interactions between living organisms and factors of the natural and artificial physical environment. The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the International Society of Biometeorology, its scope includes the fields of Earth and environmental science, life sciences, animal physiology, plant physiology and environmental medicine/environmental psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="18646743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646743" title="Saint Fana">
Saint Fana

Saint Fana (also known as Abu Fana, Abu Fanah, or Apa Bane) (c. 354-395) was an Egyptian Christian hermit. A monastery in the diocese of Mallawi, Upper Egypt, is named after him.
Saint Fana was born to a Christian family in Memphis. He became an anchorite due to the inspiration of the Western Desert hermits he visited as a young man.
Ancient sources such as and "Sozomen's Church Hisotory (Historia Ecclesiastica)" make reference to a hermit called Benus or Banus who can be identified as Saint Fana, and who lived in the area where the monastery of Saint Fana was later built.
Fana also became noted for his knowledge of the Psalms and would ultimately be linked to miracles.
He is noted for his ascetic life and concern for the poor. He also reportedly predicted the date of Theodosius I's death.
The monastery dedicated to him is one of the oldest in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="18646744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646744" title="Gabriel Álvarez de Toledo">
Gabriel Álvarez de Toledo

Gabriel Alvarez de Toledo y Pellicer , (15 March 1662 - 17 January 1714) was the Royal Librarian of King Felipe V of Spain. the rules established that the Director should be the King Confessor, at the time Pedro Robinet who delegated the day to day running and administration into Gabriel.
Don Gabriel was born in Seville, and was a founder Member of the Royal Spanish Academy in 1713, Secretary of the King of Spain and a Knight of the Military Order of Alcantara. 
To study the first Royal Librarians (mainly Jesuits, and Royal Confessors) and the effective day-to-day Royal Library Directors it is worth mentioning them for researching the purchases and compulsory input of books arriving at the Library:
General Directors of the Royal Library:"'
1712-1715 : Pedro Robinet, French, Jesuit.
1715 : Esteban Lecompaseur, French, Jesuit.
1715-1723 : Guillermo Daubenton, French, Jesuit.
1723-1724 : Gabriel Bermúdez, ????.
1724 : Juan Morín, perhaps French. ????.
1724-1726 : Gabriel Bermúdez, see above, ????.
1726-1743 : Guillermo Clarke, Irish Jesuit.
1743-1747 : Jaime Antonio Febre, ????, perhaps French.
1751 : Francisco Rávago, Confessor of King Felipe V of Spain, Jesuit.
Some 15 years later the Jesuits will be ordered to leave all the territories governed by Spain and Portugal.
1755-1761 : Manuel Quintano Bonifaz, ????
The day to day Head Librarians were:"'
1712-1714 : Gabriel Álvarez de Toledo y Pellicer, Seville born aristocrat, (1662–1714).
1715-1735 : Juan Ferreras y García, a priest.
1735-1751 : Blas Nasarre or also, Blas Antonio de Nasarre y Férriz, (Alquézar, Huesca, 1689 - Madrid, 1751), cervantist, and prior of a convent in Galicia, but adscribing himself to the neoclassical tendencies of his time life, Member of the Royal Spanish Academy, (1695–1751):
http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blas_Nasarre
1751-1783 : Juan Manuel de Santander y Zorrilla, Colegial del Colegio Mayor de San Ildefonso de la Universidad de Alcalá de Henares, Canónigo Doctoral de la Santa Iglesia de Segovia, Member of the Royal Spanish Academy. 
Some of Don Gabriel's poetic works were printed in 1744 by the rather roguish Salamanca University Professor of Mathematics and Astronomer Diego de Torres Villarroel, (1694–1770), under the title "La Burromaquia", (something like "Treatise on the things related to Donkeys"), accompanied by some 17th century mystical style religious poems.
He was the author of a treatise on "Historia de La Iglesia y el Mundo". He died in Madrid, aged 51.
References.
Materials subject to Copyright on Gabriel Alvarez de Toledo, (1662–1714) and Eugenio Gerardo Lobo, (1679–1750), who died as Lieutenant General of Catalunya, Military Governor of Barcelona since 1746 can be read in "Poesía del Siglo XVIII" by John Herman Richard Polt, (1994):
http://books.google.es/books?id=u2XEHlvC0esC&pg=PA45&lpg=PA45&dq=Gabriel+Alvarez+de+Toledo&source=web&ots=Gm3BCCRlFZ&sig=Shf9N5C0tzFZw1Bpc66MihqpNHA&hl=es&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=9&ct=result

</doc>
<doc id="18646754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646754" title="HMS Gloucester (1711)">
HMS Gloucester (1711)

HMS "Gloucester" was a 50-gun fourth-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built by Sir Joseph Allin to the 1706 Establishment of dimensions at Deptford Dockyard, and launched on 4 October 1711.
On 22 May 1733 "Gloucester" was ordered to be taken to pieces and rebuilt according to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Sheerness, from where she was relaunched on 22 March 1737.
Fate.
In 1742 "Gloucester" was damaged in a storm, and she was burned in order to avoid her being captured.

</doc>
<doc id="18646759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646759" title="Life Is a Carnival">
Life Is a Carnival

"Life is a Carnival" is the opening track of The Band's fourth album, "Cahoots". Written by Rick Danko, Levon Helm, and Robbie Robertson, the song features horn arrangements by New Orleans musician Allen Toussaint. The song is the only track from the "Cahoots" album included on the original releases of both the "Rock of Ages" album and "The Last Waltz" box set.
Musical notation for this song is printed on a wall behind Levon Helm's grave in Woodstock, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18646761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646761" title="William Chadwick (bishop)">
William Chadwick (bishop)


</doc>
<doc id="18646776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646776" title="Holy Trinity Academy (Philippines)">
Holy Trinity Academy (Philippines)

The Holy Trinity Academy in Balic-Balic, Sampaloc, Manila is a parochial school founded in June 1947 by the late Rev. Fr. Bernardo Torres. The school started with a kinder class fully recognized by the government in 1948. By the beginning of the school year 1947-1948, Sisters Agnes Encarnacion and Sr. Pudenciana Martinez of the Franciscan Sisters of the Immaculate Conception were assigned to the school through the invitation of Fr. Torres to teach in the primary and intermediate sections of the Academy until the end of school year 1948-1949. In 1955, Msgr. Francisco Avendaño succeeded Father Torres and later on Fr. Felix Ignacio took the helm.
History.
In 1958, the late Rufino Cardinal Santos turned over the management of the school to the Daughters of Mary Help of Christians, the sister congregation of the Don Bosco Fathers. They set up the co-ed classes from Kinder to Grade Four and exclusive section for girls for Grades Five and Six. The boy pupils after finishing Grade Four transferred to other schools of the parent’s choice.
In 1962, Rev. Msgr. Isidro L. Jose was installed parish priest. Fully aware of his role as spiritual leader of the community, he tried to accommodate all the children of school age and to mold them along the Christian way. Thus, in 1964, the Holy Trinity Boy’s Department came into existence. It was in the same year that Msgr. Jose paid from the Parish funds and by installments Fr. Torres for the rights in the school.
During its first year, the HTA Boy’s Department started with one class of Grade Five only. In the second year, the administration offered classes from Grade Four to Grade Six. First year classes were begun in the third year of operation with one section for boys and one section for girls. Then in its fourth year, the Salesian Sisters requested Cardinal Santos to transfer the first two years of High School girls to the Girls' Department, and the remaining boys' sections from the Girls' Department transferred to the Boys' Department. The supervision of the Boy’s Department was entrusted to lay principals while the girls remained under the Salesian Sisters.
In the 1972-1973 school year, the Boy's Department started a co-educational program in kinder classes. In the succeeding curriculum years, girl enrollees in both grade school and high school departments increased. Thus, the boys' department dropped its name and became HTA Co-ed Department in 1974. Initial integration started in school year 1976-1977 by way of centralized school funds, one school calendar, class programs, DECS reports and standardized salary. The HTA girls and Co-ed Departments flourished under the directorship of Very Rev. Msgr. Isidro L. Jose.
Subsequent school directors Msgr. Danilo Pascual (1983–1988) and Msgr. Cesar Pagulayan (1988–1991) worked to realize this integration. From 1991 to 1997, during the term of Msgr. Manuel Gabriel, the identity of Holy Trinity Academy as a parochial school was further clarified. By the end of the 1992-93 school year, the Salesian Sisters ceased management of the Holy Trinity Academy. The following school year, a new congregation, the Dominican Sisters of St. Catherine of Sienna, was assigned to the school but stayed for only a year. At the outset of the following school year, HTA became a full-blown co-ed school, pre-school to 4th year level under the supervision of lay administrators headed by the Priest Director. It was not until the 1996-1997 school year that religious sisters was re-established in the school with the coming of the Daughters of Mary of the Assumption (fma).
In succeeding years, the Manila Archdiocesan Parochial School Association (MAPSA) has been gearing up to upgrade parochial schools of the Archdiocese of Manila in general operations, academic standards, faculty and employee development and administration. MAPSA has become an avenue for communion of parochial schools, direction setting and accentuating their Christian identity, role and mission. In the last quarter of 1997, Msgr. Sebastian assumed the position of Parish Priest and School Director but transferred after a couple of months.
Rev. Fr. Enrico Martin F. Adoviso reported to the Parish and the Academy in January 1998. The organizational assessment conducted during the 1998-1999 school year indicated a need to reorganize school structures and policies. The Board of Trustees and the administration implemented measures to improve the system so that by the year 2000, the School stabilized. Employees’ development was prioritized and the school facilities greatly improved. Simultaneous to these important developments, the Principalship of the Grade School and High School departments were assigned by the Archdiocese of Manila to Sr. Jesiela Deguilmo and Sr. Laureana Polinar, both from the congregation of the Daughters of Mary of the Assumption.
By the end of the school year 2000-2001, offices and faculty rooms were air-conditioned and renovated; the whole school building was repainted inside out and all classrooms were air-conditioned; the HS canteen became fully furnished and science laboratories were constructed and fully equipped. An Php 8.8 M gymnasium was erected and a sports program for students was established and series of personnel development seminars ensued.
At the dawn of the 2001-2002 school year, the administration expressed its direction and priorities, namely:
To realize the above, the Academy created and implemented a five year development plan, which started with an assessment and evaluation of all aspects of the School administration and operation propelled by series of seminars for the revision of School Vision-Mission-Goals.
In the seventh year of Fr. Adoviso’s Directorship of the Academy, on January 5, 2005, HTA geared up to vie for the accreditation of Philippine Association of Accrediting Schools, Colleges and Universities (PAASCU) while continuously focusing on the Vision and Mission of the school true to its being Home of Tomorrow’s Achievers.
Holy Trinity Academy celebrated its 65th anniversary last 2012.
Vision.
Holy Trinity Academy is a Catholic, parochial school founded in 1947. The institution participates in the evangelizing mission of the Church and serves as partner of the Most Holy Trinity Parish in building Christ-centered community.
Inspired by the values of Unity, Love and Equality, the institution endeavors to become a dynamic instrument of social transformation by offering integral quality education to form committed, productive and service-oriented Christians, who are academically competent and responsive to the challenges of the times.
Mission.
Guided by this vision, HTA will become a model parochial school that offers a relevant, student and family-centered curriculum with Religion at the core; integrates institutional values of Love, Unity and Equality; and imbues learners with a sense of social responsibility.

</doc>
<doc id="18646787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646787" title="Mojave Experiment">
Mojave Experiment

The Mojave Experiment is an advertising campaign by Microsoft for the Windows Vista operating system. The participants in the experiment were asked about their perceptions of Windows Vista and then were shown a ten minute demo of Microsoft's "next OS," codenamed "Mojave". After the experiment was over, it was revealed that "Mojave" was actually Windows Vista. As a result, the average rating of "Vista" was 4.4 out of 10, but the average rating for the "Mojave" OS was 8.5 out of 10. The official goal of the Mojave Experiment is to get consumers to "decide for themselves" rather than accept the commonly held negative perceptions of Windows Vista, providing links to product demo videos and other product advertising.
Test procedure.
The Mojave Experiment is a public case study designed by Microsoft to determine computer users' thoughts of Windows Vista, in the absence of prior experience. The study begins by asking the participant's thoughts of Windows Vista, with their answers based solely on their knowledge from word of mouth. They were then asked to rate Windows Vista, from 0 to 10. Next, the participants were introduced to Windows "Mojave." This was actually Windows Vista, rebranded to prevent preconceived bias. The users were guided by a Microsoft assistant to test "Mojave." After the test, the participants were then asked to rate "Mojave," from 0 to 10. It was then revealed to the participants that "Mojave" was simply Windows Vista, rebranded.
Reception.
The experiment was criticized by Gadgetzone.com for cherry-picking positive statements and not addressing all aspects of Vista. The necessary hardware and software was already set up for the participants and demonstrated by a salesman, so they were unable to try out the software themselves. The criticism from the blogosphere was echoed by the "New York Times".

</doc>
<doc id="18646790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646790" title="António José de Ávila, 1st Duke of Ávila and Bolama">
António José de Ávila, 1st Duke of Ávila and Bolama

António José de Ávila (Matriz, Horta; 8 March 1806 – 3 May 1881) was a Portuguese politician, minister of the kingdom, mayor of the city of Horta, on the island of Faial, in the Azores, Civil Governor of the same, Peer-of-the-Realm, Minister of State, and later Ambassador to Spain.
Biography.
António José was the son of Manuel José de Ávila, a modest merchant and administrator of the local tithes and his wife, D. Prudenciana Joaquina Cândida da Costa, who lived in a humble home on "Rua de Santo Elias".
Of their ten children, only four survived to adulthood: António José was the oldest, his sister Joaquina Emerenciana (born in 1804), Maria do Carmo (born in 1815) and Manuel José (born in 1817). During António José's infancy the family's economic conditions improved substantially, enough that his father could provide him with sufficient funds to permit him to study off-island: a privilege that only a few families could provide their children.
Career.
After completing his local studies, he traveled to Coimbra to study at the University in 1822, receiving a bachelors degree in Philosophy in 1826. While at Coimbra he also frequented some courses in Mathematics and entered the first year studies in Medicine, but he did not show any particular interest in politics. During the Liberal Wars (1832–34) he returned to Horta (the liberal government-in-exile escaped to the Azores during this period), where he taught for several years before becoming a politician of some success. As mayor through D. Pedro's liberal regency, António José was instrumental in obtaining a new charter, that elevated Horta to the status of city (4 July 1833).
Politician.
After the War (1834), Ávila was elected to the Cortes, beginning an active and uninterrupted career that would last for the next 47 years, in different positions, in parliamentary and governmental roles, as well as a period in the Chamber of Peers (taking on the leadership of the group from the Duke of Loulé, from 1872 until May 1881). He was, as his biographer once wrote: ""...one of the more distinct parliamentarians in the history of Portuguese constitutionalism..."". In actuality, in the 11 legislatures that he participated, during 27 years (between 1834–1861) he participated in 30 commissions in the Chamber of Deputies, and 40 in the Chamber of Peers (between 1861–1881); he was involved in 2000 interventions. He did not limit himself to representing the citizens of Horta; during his many years in parliament he represented populations in Évora, Beja, Estremadura, Beira Alta, Chaves, Vila Real and Oliveira de Azeméis.
An excellent orator, untiring worker and astute politician, he was regularly called on to handle governmental functions. Ideologically, Ávila was a conservative within the liberalist ranks, usually referred to as Cartismo, and was in opposition to the progressive wave that appeared as a result of the Septemberist Revolution (September 1836). As the Septemberist movement declined (with the election of the Cartista Joaquim António de Aguiar, in 1841), he was appointed "Ministro da Fazenda" (English: "Minister of Commerce") in the cabinet of Joaquim António de Aguiar, at the age of 34, maintaining the post in the governments of Costa Cabral and the Duque da Terceira. In 1857, he resumed the Minister of Commerce post, under the primer-ship of the Duque de Loulé, after the fall of the Saldanha government. 
He also took on diplomatic responsibilities and administrative posts (such as the Companhia das Lezíras, Campanhia do Crédito Predial, Banco Hipotecário and Banco do Portugal). In 1861, he was appointed as Portugal's representative to the Madrid conference, which aimed to resolve the issue of the island of Bolama. The British occupied the West African island off the coast of modern day Guinea Bissau, but the ownership of the island was disputed by the Portuguese. The final settlement recognized Portuguese sovereignty on the island. During various governments he exercised roles as: Ministro da Fazenda (English: "Minister of Commerce"), Ministro da Justiça (English: "Minister of Justice"), Ministro dos Negócios Estrangeiros (English: "Minister of Foreign Affairs"), Ministro do Reino (English: "Minister of the Crown/Kingdom"), and Ministro das Obras Públicas (English: "Minister of Public Works"). In 10 different governments, between 1841 and 1870, he managed 19 different portfolios, and in 1868, 1870 and 1877 he was Prime Minister of Portugal. In his first term (beginning on 4 January 1868) as Prime Minister, he revoked the unpopular tax imposed by the coalition government of Joaquim António de Aguiar, which aggravated the financial difficulties of the State (which would lead to the fall of the government by 22 July). He returned to the Finance portfolio, then Prime Minister, between 29 October 1870 and 13 September 1871, when he substituted Fontes Pereira de Melo. In 1877, owing to public discontent, the Fontes government fell. Ávila was once again invited to form a government, which lasted 10 months, until Fontes returned to power.
Later life.
During his long career he never forgot in his friends and colleagues in Horta, and was regularly consulted by administrative and social organizations. As J.M. Sardica later noted: 
On 13 February 1864, King Luis I of Portugal granted him the title of "Conde de Ávila" (Count of Ávila) which, six years later, on 24 May 1870, was raised to "Marquês de Ávila e Bolama" (Marquis of Ávila and Bolama). After another eight years, on 14 May 1878, King Luis raised him still higher to "Duque de Ávila e Bolama" (Duke of Ávila and Bolama), thus making him the first non-noble-born individual so honored, especially in view of the fact that the title of Duke was, traditionally, granted in Portugal solely to members of high nobility and relatives of the Portuguese Royal Family.
António José de Ávila died in Lisbon eight weeks after his 75th birthday. The Duke's state funeral, which occurred on 5 May 1881, left the Church of the Martyrs around 2:00, and its cortege arrived at the Prazeres Cemertary around 4:00 in the afternoon. Its palm bearers included Fontes e Sampaio, the Duke of Palmela, the Marquis of Ficalho and the Duke of Loulé, who proceeded a group of 500–600 carriages, with more than a thousand people that included representatives of the Royal Family, State bodies, associations and many classes of the society. A coach of the Royal House was provided to transport the body, followed by a carriage with the parish vicar of Martyrs Church and twelve priests. This carriage was also followed by the António José de Ávila's nephew, and another carriage with Ducal crown on a black velvet pillow, followed by the 4th Regimental Cavalry and band. At the cemetery the Duke's body was transported down by Hintze Ribeiro, João Gualberto de Barros e Cunha, Carlos Bento da Silva, Dias de Oliveira, Reis e Vasconcelos, Carlos Zeferino Pinto Coelho and the Count d'Alte. The cortege passed along the packed streets with many of the residents watching from their windows. The Duke had already planned his entombment: ""...a small chapel of marble, of a simple architecture, with a small cross..in high relief the coat-of-arms of d'Ávila and Bolama with the Marqueses crown, with the titles 'Family of the Marquis d'Ávila and Bolama'"".

</doc>
<doc id="18646794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646794" title="Diocese of Lesotho">
Diocese of Lesotho

The Diocese of Lesotho is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa. It comprises the entire nation of Lesotho. It is divided in three archdeaconries, Central Lesotho, Northern Lesotho and Southern Lesotho. The current bishop is Adam Taaso, in office since 2008.
History.
Lesotho was originally included in the Anglican Diocese of the Free State but became an independent diocese in 1950, still with the name of Basutoland. His first bishop was John Maund, who would be in office from 1950 to 1976. Upon the independence from the United Kingdom in 1966, the diocese was renamed the Diocese of Lesotho.
The seat of the diocese is the Cathedral of St Mary and St James in Maseru.

</doc>
<doc id="18646822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646822" title="HMS Ormonde (1711)">
HMS Ormonde (1711)

HMS "Ormonde" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Woolwich Dockyard to the 1706 Establishment of dimensions, and launched on 18 October 1711.
In September 1715, she was renamed "Dragon". The next year, commanded by Streynsham Master, she was assigned to the Mediterranean Sea.
In 1717, still under Master, she served with Admiral Byng's force in the Baltic Sea, capturing the Swedish "Fildrim" on 28 June.
Between 1718 and 1725, now commanded by Thomas Scott, she served mainly off Newfoundland and in the Mediterranean.
In 1726, "Dragon" was assigned to the West Indies station, where Scott would die 25 September, replaced by Perry Mayne.
In June 1727, still on West Indies station, Mayne in turn was replaced by F. Hume.
"Ormonde" ("Dragon") finished her career in the West Indies, serving until 1733, when she was broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18646829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646829" title="The Rodale Institute">
The Rodale Institute

Rodale Institute is an American 501(c)(3) nonprofit that supports research into organic farming.
Rodale Institute was founded in 1947 by J.I. Rodale in Emmaus, Pennsylvania. When J.I. Rodale died in 1971, his son Robert purchased 333 acres and moved the farm to its current site in Kutztown, Pennsylvania.
History.
Strongly influenced by the writings of Sir Albert Howard, J.I. Rodale became the force behind organic farming’s mainstream popularization and birth as a social movement in the United States. His enthusiasm took on almost missionary zeal, as in 1942 he began publishing his views and practical advice in his startup magazine, "Organic Farming and Gardening". Throughout the magazine’s pages, he avidly promoted a holistic, whole-systems approach to agriculture. 
J.I. Rodale died in 1971 at the age of 72. His son Robert (Bob) Rodale expanded his father’s agriculture- and health-related pursuits with the purchase of a worn-out farm, located east of Kutztown, Pennsylvania, where he and Ardath, his wife, established what is now the Rodale Institute to begin an era of regenerative, organic farm-scale research. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and known as the Siegfried's Dale Farm.
Regeneration was a concept Rodale developed to propose that any natural system, properly managed, could be productive while increasing its capacity into the future. He wrote that regenerative organic farming, done well, can use its own internal resources to improve soil fertility and productivity over time on a specific farm, rather than relying on expensive—and potentially environmentally damaging—outside chemical inputs.
Bob Rodale died in a 1990 automobile accident in Moscow while launching a Russian edition of Rodale’s "New Farm" magazine. John Haberern, who had been hired by Robert Rodale as a Rodale Press book editor in 1961, took over as president of the Institute. Ardath Rodale became the Institute's chairman. Anthony, son of Ardath and Bob, became vice-chairman. Anthony and his wife, Florence, developed outreach efforts to children during their period of active program involvement before Anthony became an international ambassador for the Institute. Board member Paul McGinley, Esq., became co-chair of the board with Ardath in 2005. Testimony by Bob Rodale, John Haberern and farmers and agricultural scientists who swore by their sustainable methods had convinced the U.S. Congress to include funds for sustainable agriculture (first called “Low-Input Sustainable Agriculture)” in the 1985 Farm Bill. 
This validation of an agroecological approach to farming led to the formation of the USDA’s Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education (SARE) program in 1990. Today, federal, state and local governments, as well as land-grant universities and other organizations nationwide are pursuing sustainable and organic agriculture research and education programs.
Current programs.
Rodale Institute conducts research that seeks to improve the viability, productivity and documented ecological services of organic farming using current agricultural technologies and practices. 
Focusing on agronomic (and some horticultural) cropping systems, research trials examine organic and conventional practices, chemical-free weed-management techniques, weed- and disease-resistant crop varieties, compost management and application, soil health, no-till organic planting systems using cover crops and optimal cover-crop uses in organic crop rotations. 
A hallmark of Rodale Institute’s research has been the ongoing Farming Systems Trial (FST). Begun in 1981, the FST compares two organic farming systems—manure-based and legume-based approaches—to conventional farming methods, using Extension-prescribed chemical and tillage inputs. 
Key finding of the FST trials have been that after fields undergo a multi-year transition period to restore biological activity, organic yields are comparable to those of conventional systems; organic yields exceed those of conventional systems in years of drought and other stress; and organic systems have the capacity to sequester significant amounts of carbon. 
Current experiments also pursue improvements in no-tillage and minimum-tillage systems with the use of Rodale’s “no-till roller/crimper,” which simultaneously rolls and crimps a cover crop, forming a mulch layer into which a cash crop can be planted in the same pass with a special no-till planter.
No-till systems with cover crops can contribute to carbon sequestration by adding to and preserving organic matter (57% carbon by weight) in the soil, an important component of the Institute’s goal to link organic agriculture with the campaign to mitigate global warming. 
Other experiments focus on biological pest controls, the use of mychorrhizal fungi —hosted by root systems in a symbiotic relationship—to amplify crops’ abilities to uptake nutrients, and time-sensitive planting to avoid insect cycles and maximize the use of Growing degree day(s).
In pursuit of a sustainable, “Greener Revolution” that meets the universal needs of proper nutrition, famine prevention and biologically sustainable solutions to climate change, Rodale Institute emphasizes sound agronomic practices, farmer participation and resourceful techniques to increase food security at all levels. 
An undercurrent to the Institute’s work is the need for productive agricultural alternatives to increasingly expensive pesticides, herbicides and fertilizers, which various studies have shown to have many dangerous and unpredictable effects on biological systems. 
Collaborations with farmers and agricultural science peers throughout Pennsylvania and Maryland, as well as nationally and internationally, enable Institute researchers to replicate experiments across different geographical regions and benefit farmers with opportunities to test new approaches to organic production.
In addition, the Institute forges alliances with national and state-level organic certification programs, industry leaders and elected officials to help shape policy.
Further, the Institute partners strategically with U.S. and foreign government entities, businesses and organizations to promote regenerative organic farming opportunities and to expand the benefits of organic agriculture to more people.

</doc>
<doc id="18646846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646846" title="South Arkansas Community College">
South Arkansas Community College

South Arkansas Community College (SouthArk) is a public two-year college in downtown El Dorado in Union County, Arkansas.
Historical summary.
South Arkansas Community College, known locally as SouthArk, is a public, comprehensive community college with an open-door policy, providing educational programs, workforce development, civic and cultural enrichment, and support services to students and residents in its service area.
Formed from a merger of Southern Arkansas University, El Dorado Branch (SAU-EB), and Oil Belt Technical College, South Arkansas Community College was approved by a 62 percent majority vote in Union County in March 1992. Then Governor Bill Clinton appointed a nine-member Board of Trustees, and all assets and liabilities of Oil Belt and SAU-EB were transferred by June 30, 1992, to SouthArk. The former OBTC became known as the East Campus and SAU-EB the West Campus.

</doc>
<doc id="18646860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646860" title="Libby Kosmala">
Libby Kosmala

Elizabeth "Libby" Dudley Kosmala (née Richards), OAM (born 8 July 1942) is an Australian shooter with paraplegia. She has represented Australia at eleven Paralympics from 1972 to 2012, and has won thirteen medals, nine of them gold.
Personal.
Kosmala was born on 8 July 1942 in Adelaide. Her father was a lawyer. She was born with club feet, which were straightened out with plasters and bandages. She was initially classified as having spina bifida, but at the age of 50, she discovered that her paraplegia was due to birth-related complications; she was delivered in a long operation using forceps by a cardiologist. She is paralysed from the waist down, and her spine is of normal thickness down to the middle of her back, thins out to the size of a pencil, then comes out normally again. She learnt to stand at the age of seven, and her parents made her walk from 20 to 30 minutes a day from then until she was seventeen years old. She has learnt to walk in full-length callipers, surgical boots, and with two walking sticks. She attended Loreto Convent School, where she was not allowed to do physical activities.
She trained to be a secretary at the rehabilitation unit of the Royal Adelaide Hospital, and received her first job as a secretary at the Adelaide Botanic Garden at the age of 20. She was there for eleven years, then transferred to the heart and lung investigative unit of the Royal Adelaide Hospital. She then worked part-time after having children. She also worked as a public relations officer for the spina bifida association for twelve years before retiring. She met her husband, Stan Kosmala, in the 1970s through wheelchair sport. He won a gold medal at the 1988 Seoul Paralympics in lawn bowls. They have two sons and two grandchildren.
She played a part in the introduction of disabled parking permits in South Australia, after accumulating and refusing to pay many parking fines for parking too long in a fifteen-minute parking area. She won a court case against the City of Adelaide on the issue, but was asked to pay her court costs, which were covered by an anonymous donor.
In 2013, Kosmala became the inaugural patron of Technical Aid to the Disabled South Australia (TADSA) , a charity that aims to help people with disabilities overcome problems by designing and building or modifying devices where no other solution is readily available. Kosmala’s first contact with TADSA was as a client in the late 1970s. In rifle shooting, competitors ordinarily lie flat to shoot. As she is in a wheelchair this was not possible, so she needed something to rest upon, and also have a place for her ammunition. TADSA built a table for Kosmala to alleviate this problem. As she had to take it with her for international competitions, it had to be a light weight folding table (Kosmala packs it in her suitcase). She has said “It’s probably fair to say that this table (which has been to 10 Paralympic Games) has helped me win my gold medals.”
Competitive career.
Kosmala was introduced to wheelchair sport by a patient at the Royal Adelaide Hospital, a few months before starting work at the Adelaide Botanic Garden. She first competed nationally at the 1966 National Wheelchair Games in Brisbane. She competed in foil fencing, swimming, wheelchair racing, field events, and archery. In a 2011 interview, she said that the organiser who picked the team for the 1968 Tel Aviv Paralympics forgot to include her, so she worked as a secretary at the games instead. She won two gold medals in archery and foil fencing, a silver medal in the pentathlon, and four bronze medals in swimming and wheelchair racing events at the 1970 Commonwealth Paraplegic Games in Edinburgh, in her first international event. She initially had to raise all her own money for the games, but after a radio interview and a newspaper article about her plight, John Eustice Motors gave her a cheque with all the money required for the games.
At the 1972 Heidelberg Paralympics, she won a bronze medal in swimming in the Women's 3x50 m Medley Relay 2–4 event, and participated in other swimming and athletics events. She was introduced to rifle shooting in the early 1970s, and consistently hit the target on her first try at the sport. At the 1976 Toronto Games, she won a gold medal in the Mixed Rifle Shooting 2–5 event, and participated in archery and dartchery events.
At the 1980 Arnhem Games, she won a gold medal in the Mixed Air Rifle Prone 2–5 event, and two silver medals in the Mixed Air Rifle 3 Positions 2–5 and Mixed Air Rifle Kneeling 2–5 events. At the 1984 New York/Stoke Mandeville Games, she won four gold medals and broke four world records in the Women's Air Rifle 3 Positions 2–6, Women's Air Rifle Kneeling 2–6, Women's Air Rifle Prone 2–6, and Women's Air Rifle Standing 2–6 events. At the 1988 Seoul Games, she won three gold medals in the Women's Air Rifle 3 Positions 2–6, Women's Air Rifle Kneeling 2–6, and Women's Air Rifle Prone 2–6 events, and a silver medal in the Women's Air Rifle Standing 2–6 event. She has participated in every Paralympics since then without winning medals, though her scores have gradually improved. She was the Australian flag bearer for the opening ceremony at the 1996 Atlanta Games. At the 2000 Sydney Games, she competed against her husband in the preliminary round of the Mixed Air Rifle Prone SH1- event, and came eighth just in front of him. She achieved her best ever result in the Women's Air Rifle Standing SH1- event at the 2008 Beijing Games, where she narrowly missed out on a medal. She was Australia's oldest representative at the Beijing Games and the oldest Paralympian overall at the 2012 London Games, her last Paralympic competition. She has been coached by Yvonne Hill since she began shooting, and also works with National Rifle Shooting Coach Miro Sepic. She has received a scholarship from the South Australian Institute of Sport every year since 1985.
In 1994, she was initially barred from participating in an air rifle shooting state championship, despite being the club champion, because she was in a wheelchair. She eventually won the competition but the trophy was awarded to the person who came second rather than her. The case was eventually reconciled in court. In 2003, she had both her everyday and sporting wheelchairs stolen while on an Emirates flight from Dubai to Germany to compete in the national games. She used borrowed wheelchairs while in Germany, and when she arrived home with no wheelchair to return to, she said that it was the first time in her life that she really felt "disabled". The airline company gave her 2,000 dollars towards the cost of replacement wheelchairs, which were worth 5,000 dollars each.
Recognition.
In 1985, Kosmala received a Medal of the Order of Australia "for service to the sport of air rifle shooting". She received an Australian Sports Medal in 2000 and a Centenary Medal in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18646887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646887" title="Gornot HaGalil">
Gornot HaGalil

Gornot HaGalil (, "lit." Granaries of the Galilee) is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located near Ma'alot-Tarshiha, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2006, it had a population of 166.
The village was established in 1980 by members of families from local moshavim. Its name is derived from nearby Goren.

</doc>
<doc id="18646898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646898" title="TuS Ahrbach">
TuS Ahrbach

TuS Ahrbach is a German sports club based in Ruppach-Goldhausen, Rhineland-Palatinate. The club was founded in 1921 and today has departments for football, handball, and gymnastics. It is best known for its women's football section, which played in the German Bundesliga for several years.
History.
In 1921 "SV 21 Goldhausen" was founded. TuS Ahrbach's first predecessor was a club for athletics and football. Also in 1921, a similar club was formed in nearby Ruppach ("SV Ruppach"). Both clubs merged in 1937 to become "SV Goldhausen-Ruppach". Scarcity of players led in 1951 to a merger with "SV Heiligenroth". Goldhausen-Ruppach and Heiligenroth split up in 1959, but merged their clubs again in 1970, now under the name of "TuS Ahrbach". In 1985, a new "SV Heiligenroth" separated from Ahrbach.
The women's football department was established in 1976. Its greatest success was the vice-championship in 1989, when they lost the final game to SSG 09 Bergisch Gladbach. In the following season they did not qualify for the initial Bundesliga though. After promotion a year later six seasons of Bundesliga football from 1991-1997 followed for Ahrbach. Despite having played in the semifinals of the championship in 1995, Ahrbach won just one game two years later in the 1996–97 season, leading to relegation for the club. Ahrbach then remained at the Regionalliga Südwest until the end of the 2009–10 season. Having failed to qualify for the 2. Bundesliga at its inception in 2004, the club was relegated from the now third-level Regionalliga. However, promotion back to the Regionalliga was achieved at the end of the 2011–12 season.
Notable players.
The players below all collected caps for the women's national team while playing at Ahrbach.

</doc>
<doc id="18646902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646902" title="Kimurake no Hitobito">
Kimurake no Hitobito

Kimurake no Hitobito (木村家の人びと) is a 1988 Japanese film directed by Yōjirō Takita. It is also known as The Yen Family in America, as well as Famille Yen in France. It stars Takeshi Kaga and Kaori Momoi. It is a comedy about a family and their obsession for making money.

</doc>
<doc id="18646975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646975" title="Gita, Israel">
Gita, Israel

Gita () is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located near Ma'alot-Tarshiha, Jatt and Yirka, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 202.
The village was founded in 1980 as part of the Lookouts in the Galilee plan to establish Jewish settlements in the area, but was later abandoned. It was re-established in 1993 by immigrants from the former Soviet Union. It is named after a nearby stream.

</doc>
<doc id="18646976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646976" title="HMS Bristol (1711)">
HMS Bristol (1711)

HMS "Bristol" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Plymouth Dockyard according to the 1706 Establishment, and launched on 8 May 1711.
On 22 November 1742 "Bristol" was ordered to be dismantled for rebuilding. Unlike the vast majority of ships of the line rebuilt during the Establishment era, "Bristol" was not reconstructed according to the establishment in effect at the time (in this case, the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment). She shared her dimensions with later, newly built . "Bristol" was relaunched on 9 July 1746.
"Bristol" was broken up in 1768.

</doc>
<doc id="18646981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646981" title="St. Matthew's">
St. Matthew's

St. Matthew's may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18646985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646985" title="Diocese of George">
Diocese of George

The Diocese of George is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.
History.
The seat of the diocese is Cathedral of St Mark in George in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18647030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647030" title="Deux enfoirés à Saint-Tropez">
Deux enfoirés à Saint-Tropez

Deux enfoirés à Saint-Tropez ("Two bastards in Saint- Tropez") (1986) is movie a French B movie by Max Pécas.
It is the second film of his "Saint-Tropez" trilogy. It is the last success of Max Pécas (the last one being a failure).

</doc>
<doc id="18647039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647039" title="Jezebel (website)">
Jezebel (website)

Jezebel is a blog aimed at women's interests, under the tagline "Celebrity, Sex, Fashion for Women. Without Airbrushing." It is one of several blogs owned by Gawker Media.
History.
Jezebel was launched on May 21, 2007, as the 14th Gawker blog. According to founding editor Anna Holmes, the site stemmed from the desire to better serve Gawker.com's female readers, who made up 70% of the site's readership at the time. The Jezebel manifesto states that the site "will attempt to take all the essentially meaningless but sweet stuff directed our way and give it a little more meaning, while taking more the serious stuff and making it more fun, or more personal, or at the very least the subject of our highly sophisticated brand of sex joke. Basically, we wanted to make the sort of women's magazine we'd want to read." One of the site's guiding principles, according to Holmes, is to avoid saying "misogynist things about women's weight."
At Jezebel's launch, the editorial staff included Holmes, who previously worked at "Star" and "InStyle"; editor Moe Tkacik, a former "Wall Street Journal" reporter; and associate editor Jennifer Gerson, a former assistant to "Elle" editor-in-chief Roberta Myers. Gerson left the site in May 2008 to become the Women's Editor for the Polo Ralph Lauren website; Tkacik departed in August 2008 to work at Gawker.com, after briefly accepting and then rescinding a job offer from "Radar". Tkacik was subsequently laid off in a company-wide restructuring the following October. Holmes left the site in June 2010; Jessica Coen replaced her as editor-in-chief. Other current staffers include Dodai Stewart, Tracie Egan Morrissey, Erin Ryan, Lindy West, Madeleine Davies, Kelly Faircloth, Hillary Crosley, Kate Dries and Callie Beusman.
On its first day of operation, Jezebel offered a $10,000 reward for the best example of a magazine cover photo prior to being retouched for publication. The site received between five and 10 submissions. The winning entry, announced in July 2007, was a photo of Faith Hill that was used on the July cover of "Redbook". Jezebel pointed out 11 different ways the photo had been drastically altered, including radically distorting Hill's left arm. "Redbook" editor-in-chief Stacy Morrison said that their retouching of Hill's photo was in line with industry standards and that "Redbook" was investigating how the unretouched image had been released. Media coverage of the controversy included discussion and interviews on NBC's "Today" show and in several other publications.
In December 2007, Jezebel reached 10 million monthly views. Gawker owner Nick Denton pointed to Jezebel's soaring popularity as one reason for a drop-off in traffic at the company's main site, Gawker.com, which fell from more than 11 million page views in October 2007 to about eight million in December.
A July 2008 article in the "Ottawa Citizen" included Jezebel as one of several sites launched as part of the "online estrogen revolution," referring to a comScore finding that community-based women's websites were tied with political sites as the Internet's fastest-growing category. The article also cited "Ad Age"s research showing that women's Internet use is outpacing men's.
Criticism.
In 2010, Jezebel received widespread media coverage when it criticized "The Daily Show" for its treatment of women writers and correspondents. As a result of this publicity, the site was parodied as "JoanOfSnark.com" on an episode of "30 Rock", "TGS Hates Women". A Slate article at this time criticised the blog and similar feminist blogs for manipulating readers to achieve page views by masking anger (often aimed at attractive women) as a result of jealousy and insecurity as "righteously indignant rage" and promoting in-group behavior at the expense of rational discourse.
Kashmir Hill, of "Forbes", has been critical of the blog on two occasions. In 2012, Jezebel faced criticism when it published screen shots of a video depicting a rape and some users threatened to boycott the site. Later, in November 2012, Jezebel was criticized for publicizing the names of teenagers who posted racist tweets in response to Barack Obama's re-election.
On January 14, 2014, Jezebel again offered $10,000 for unretouched magazine photos, this time specifically requesting unretouched images of Lena Dunham's recent spread for Vogue magazine. The offer was met with outrage by many in their readership. The bounty proved successful, and on January 15 Jezebel posted an expose of the unretouched images to the ire of many of their readers.

</doc>
<doc id="18647054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647054" title="HMS Advice (1712)">
HMS Advice (1712)

HMS "Advice" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built by Sir Joseph Allin according to the 1706 Establishment of dimensions at Deptford Dockyard, and launched on 8 July 1712.
In 1744, she was renamed HMS "Milford", and she was sold out of the navy in 1749.

</doc>
<doc id="18647065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647065" title="Pink Punch">
Pink Punch

Pink Punch is the 15th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
The Pink Panther appears on a stage, advertising his "Pink Punch" drink via a series of placards with pink lettering. On the placard with the product name, the dot above the "i" in "Pink" is a six-pointed asterisk. However, the moment he displays it, the asterisk turns green. The Panther tries various stratagems (some involving the drink) to change the asterisk back to pink, but it stubbornly changes back to green, turns the placard green, then jumps off the placard and begins taunting him, squirting green ink all over him. When he tries to destroy it, he is confronted with an extremely large, threatening green five-pointed asterisk, evidently the small one's parent or guardian.
The situation continues in the Panther's laboratory where he is mixing more punch. The green asterisk appears with a beach umbrella and towel, and dives into the basin, turning the punch green. The Panther pulls the plug to send the asterisk down the drain, but the large asterisk appears again and forces him to fish the small asterisk out with a plunger.
When the Panther flies his small prop plane trailing an advertising banner, the asterisk shows up in midair and falls in love with the airplane's propellor, proposing that they have a family of green asterisks, and the propellor pops off the airplane and joins the asterisk, leaving the hapless Panther plummeting to the ground.
Covered in bandages, the Panther limps back to the stage area and grimly puts up more placards advertising "Drink Green Punch", this time in all-green lettering with the asterisk proudly dotting the "i" of "Drink". Drinking the punch turns the Panther green. As he turns away, the asterisk turns itself pink.
Production notes.
"Pink Punch" is a reversal of the Pink Panther's antics seen in various cartoons such as "The Pink Phink" and "The Pink Blueprint", where the Panther constantly replaces another color (usually blue) with Pink, driving the one who has to continually replace it to wits end.
"The Pink Panther Show" contained a laugh track when the "Pink Panther" cartoons were broadcast on NBC-TV. This version is currently available on all DVD releases.

</doc>
<doc id="18647075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647075" title="Brigade des mœurs">
Brigade des mœurs

Brigade des mœurs (French: Vice Squad) (1985) is a French B movie by Max Pécas. It was released in the United States on DVD as Brigade of Death.
Plot.
A crime ring is kidnapping women to sell them to the harems of rich Emirs, but the Vice squad put an end to it.

</doc>
<doc id="18647081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647081" title="Me'ona">
Me'ona

Me'ona () is a moshav in northern Israel. Located between Ma'alot-Tarshiha and Nahariya, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 560.
The village was established in 1949 by immigrants from North Africa and Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18647106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647106" title="Les Branchés à Saint-Tropez">
Les Branchés à Saint-Tropez

Les Branchés à Saint-Tropez («" The Fashioned in Saint- Tropez" ») (1983) is a French B movie by Max Pécas.
It was a very big success when it came out in the theaters.
It is the first part of Maw Pécas's "Saint-Tropez" trilogy, the two other movies being: "Deux enfoirés à Saint-Tropez" and "On se calme et on boit frais à Saint-Tropez".

</doc>
<doc id="18647137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647137" title="Blue bugleweed">
Blue bugleweed

Blue bugleweed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18647138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647138" title="HMS Strafford (1714)">
HMS Strafford (1714)

HMS "Strafford" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the 1706 Establishment at Plymouth Dockyard, and launched on 16 July 1714.
"Strafford" served until 1733, when she was broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18647153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647153" title="Babble (band)">
Babble (band)

Babble was an electronic dance music group, featuring Tom Bailey and Alannah Currie (formerly of the Thompson Twins), with Keith Fernley. Thompson Twins had changed their name during the time the duo changed the outward appearance of their sound, from pop to dub-influenced chill-out.
History.
Formed in 1993, as their commercial success declined during the mid-to-late 1980s, the Thompson Twins relocated to Currie's native New Zealand and decided to form a new group with Fernley, who had worked primarily with the duo as an engineer and mixer on their 1989 album "Big Trash", and producer on their 1991 album "Queer".
Babble first recorded the non-album song "Chale Jao" for the soundtrack of the 1993 film "Coneheads". The band's first release was the promotional single "Tribe" during 1993 in America only. The song also featured as part of the soundtrack to the 1994 dramedy film "With Honors". In March 1994, they released the album "The Stone". The album was released in America, Canada and Germany via Reprise Records. "The Stone" spawned two singles aside from "Tribe", the first being "Take Me Away" which peaked at #18 on the American Billboard Dance Music/Club Play Singles. The band's only music video was released for the single. The second single "Beautiful" failed to replicate the success and didn't make a chart appearance.
In February 1996, the band released their second and final album, titled "Ether". The album saw one single release; "Love Has No Name" which peaked at #10 on the Dance Music/Club Play Singles. Three quarters of a third album was reportedly recorded, but it remains unreleased, and the band split. Both Bailey and Currie continued to live in New Zealand, where Currie effectively retired from music. Bailey and Currie divorced in 2003, and both left New Zealand to live separately in Britain, though they still remain close friends.

</doc>
<doc id="18647164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647164" title="Tommy Joe Gilmore">
Tommy Joe Gilmore

Tommy Joe Gilmore is a footballer from County Galway. The Cortoon man who excelled in the No.6 jersey of Galway throughout the 1970s. 
Born and bred in the village of Cortoon just outside Tuam, Gilmore spent almost twenty years from 1968 onwards in the Senior ranks of local Cortoon Shamrocks and helped the small rural club to county semi final appearances in 1975 and 1978. Centre Half-back is the position he will always be remembered for, but he played in a variety of locations from full back to full forward. Actually pulling on the No. 14 jersey to help his county to victory over Roscommon in the 1981 National League decider. A county Minor in 1967 and on Under 21 for two further years, it was quite a magnificent achievement for the Cortoon man to break into the county’s star studded Senior team at that time.
Any player who has suffered it will tell how bitterly disappointing it is to leave Croke Park empty-handed on All-Ireland final day. Gilmore was subjected to the painful ordeal on three occasions and, not surprisingly, would love the opportunity of venturing into the vaults of time and re-writing the record books. Failure to get his hands on an All-Ireland souvenir was a bitter pill to swallow and by far the biggest regret of his career. ""It was a big disappointment for me because it’s every player’s ambition to get one. That would have been a great highlight for me"."
The Cortoon Shamrocks star was resident centre half back on the Galway sides which lost to Offaly, Cork and Dublin in 1971 / ’73 and ’74 respectively. In hindsight, he feels that had the Tribesmen a trusty place-kicker on board then things might have been different. "It’s a big disappointment to appear in three finals in four years and not win one. To get so close makes it harder to accept, but I firmly believe that the lack of a reliable free-taker cost us two finals. The ’71 result was upsetting because if we had put the ball over the bar from placed balls like Tony McTeague did for Offaly on the day then we’d have won out comfortably. A team must carry a free-taker who can get four out of five over the bar from within fifty yards." A harsh lesson it was for the footballing Tribesmen who certainly paid the price for missed opportunities.
Despite the obvious disappointments, Gilmore’s career furnished him with many golden memories, memories to be treasured forever. The Galway centre half was honoured with All-Star awards in 1972 and ’73 appearing on All-Star teams in the esteemed company of the likes of Sean O'Neill, Kevin Kilmurray, Brain McEniff, Mick O'Connell and Jimmy Barry Murphy to name but a few. ""Centre back was certainly the position I had the greatest love for and to win two All-Stars there gave me great personal satisfaction. Such awards are nice bonuses as was the National league medal, but everything is only secondary to All-Ireland Championships"" he notes ruefully. Gilmore also appeared in four Railway Cup finals, losing all four, and could have been forgiven at times for questioning the gods and wondering whether he was jinxed. ""Naturally that thought does cross your mind at times"," he admits. One will always remember the great Micheal O'Hehir referring to the Galway centre half back in the high scoring All-Ireland of 1973 versus Cork. Micheal’s words went like this: "Tommy Joe Gilmore has it on his own half back line, he goes past Dinny Long, 60 yards out from the Cork goals, fifty yards out, 40, 30, on the 21 yard line and it’s over the bar"".
As the most memorable game he ever played in Gilmore picks out the 3-11 to 2-7 victory over Down in the 1971 All-Ireland semi final. ""That was a great Down team and a day which stood out for me. From a personal point of view I was pleased with my performance in the final but you have to look at the ones you win"", states Gilmore who rates tigerish Kevin Kilmurray and selfless forager Tony Hanahoe as two of the best he ever came up against. Arriving on the intercounty scene just after the three-in-a-row had been completed, the Cortoon man could probably have timed things a little bit better. ""When I arrived on the county team the likes of Seamus Leydon, Jim Duggan and Liam Sammon were still there and it was a time during which Galway football was very strong. We were expecting to win more All-Irelands but unfortunately missed out"."
Living in Galway city at present, Gilmore has little active involvement with the national code but had a stint helping out Willie Joyce, Jimmy Duggan, Tomas Heavy and Peter Lee as a selector on the county team between 1986 and ’88.
Tommy Joe Gilmore didn’t win an All-Ireland medal - but he deserved one.
Also, he is a distant relative of the Mullins family.

</doc>
<doc id="18647174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647174" title="The Crane Group Companies">
The Crane Group Companies

"Not to be confused with Crane Co. of Stamford, Connecticut, or Crane Group Limited of North Sydney, Australia"
The Crane Group Companies (also known as Crane Group) of Columbus, Ohio, USA, is a holding company of operating units primarily involved in the manufacturing and distribution of building products. Products include wood composite decking and railing, exterior cladding products, vinyl fencing, OEM PVC profiles, wood doors and door-frames, and vinyl sheet piling. The group also has several service units in the roofing, security gate systems, and steel I-beam markets. While the holding company resides in Columbus, the units operate in many other locations including: Columbus, Wilmington, and Mason, Ohio and Atlanta, Georgia.
Founded by Robert S. Crane Sr. in 1947, the company has remained a private, family operated business, with Tanny B. Crane as CEO. The company employs over 1300, mostly in Ohio. The company has strong links to The Ohio State University, Boards of Ohio companies and philanthropy in Ohio.
References.
1. Anatole A. Klyosov. "Wood-Plastic Composites". John Wiley & Sons, Hoboken, New Jersey, 2007, 698 pp.

</doc>
<doc id="18647193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647193" title="John Hare (bishop)">
John Hare (bishop)

He was educated at Brighton College and Corpus Christi College, Oxford. After a period of study at Ripon College Cuddesdon he was ordained in 1937 and began his career with a curacy at "St Francis of Assisi, West Bromwich " followed by a period as Vicar of "St Matthias, Colindale". In 1951 he began a long association with the Bedford area, being successively Rural Dean, Archdeacon of Bedford and then Suffragan Bishop. He died in post on 25 October 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18647202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647202" title="Kevin Zraly">
Kevin Zraly

Kevin Zraly is an American wine educator and the founder of the Windows on the World Wine School, who has been described as America's most famous and entertaining wine teacher.
Between 1976 and 2001, Zraly held the position of wine director for the Windows on the World restaurant, on the top floors of New York's 1 WTC World Trade Center, America's top-grossing restaurant. Zraly was hired by Joe Baum whilst a 25-year-old wine salesman and self-educated oenophile with a bachelor’s degree in education from SUNY New Paltz, and is since credited with introducing California wine to the American public, as well as helping to pioneer the use of progressive markup on wine in US restaurants. After the collapse of the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001, the school relocated to the New York Marriott Marquis. 
Zraly's book "Windows on the World Complete Wine Course" with its annual updates, is among America's best-selling wine books selling over 3 million copies worldwide, and "Kevin Zraly's American Wine Guide" (2006) is the first book that deals comprehensively with all 50 states as modern wine-producing states. Kevin's latest book, The Ultimate Wine Companion, will be released in November 2010.
In 2007, Zraly and Robert Parker launched the Parker & Zraly Wine Certification Program.
In May 2011, Zraly was awarded the prestigious James Beard Lifetime Achievement Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18647210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647210" title="2008 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship Division C">
2008 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship Division C


</doc>
<doc id="18647211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647211" title="Kinard">
Kinard

Kinard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18647241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647241" title="USS Locust (1910)">
USS Locust (1910)

USS "Locust" (1910) was a tugboat built for the United States Navy in 1910 and served on the U.S. West Coast for several years towing coal barges from Tiburon, California to naval activities where the coal was needed.
Built in Tacoma, Washington.
The first ship to be so named by the Navy, "Locust" — a wooden tug — was built for the Navy by Crawford & Reid.Tacoma, Washington, and placed in service on 5 April 1910. 
Collier service.
Attached to the Naval Coal Depot, Tiburon, California, the tugboat served at that place, towing coal barges to naval installations along the northwest Pacific Ocean coast.
Decommissioning.
"Locust" was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 6 January 1912 and sold.

</doc>
<doc id="18647244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647244" title="Hypaethral">
Hypaethral

Hypaethral is an ancient temple with no roof. (From the Latin "hypaethrus", from Ancient Greek ὕπαιθρος "hupaithros" ὑπό hupo- "under" and αἰθήρ aither "sky, air".) It has instead a hypaethros or hypaethral opening. It was described by the Roman architect Vitruvius in his treatise "On Architecture" written for the emperor Caesar Augustus probably about 15 BC. This term is in distinction from cleithral, which is covered with a roof.

</doc>
<doc id="18647246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647246" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Agartala">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Agartala

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Agartala () is a diocese located in the city of Agartala in the Ecclesiastical province of Shillong in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18647252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647252" title="The Second Coming (Heroes)">
The Second Coming (Heroes)

"The Second Coming" is the first episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes" and thirty-fifth episode overall. It was written by series creator/executive producer Tim Kring and directed by executive producer Allan Arkush. It first aired on September 22, 2008 as the beginning of the "Villains" storyline.
Plot.
The episode begins four years into the future. Peter, who has a scar on his face, is being chased and enters a hangar. Claire tries to shoot him, but Peter stops time and time travels to the present day, taking Claire's gun with him.
At Nathan's press conference, Future Peter shoots Nathan, as seen in "Powerless". Future Peter later rushes Nathan to the hospital, to where Nathan dies. A short time later, Nathan awakens, prompting him to believe that God gave him a second chance at life. Nathan is later visited by Mr. Linderman, leading him to believe Linderman was the reason he was healed. The governor of New York watches Nathan on the television, and breaks the news to the woman he slept with: Tracy, a woman who looks identical to Niki. He tells her he thinks he has found what he is looking for. 
Matt later catches Future Peter trying to find the gun he had hid earlier, prompting Future Peter to teleport him to the desert because he knows too much. When Angela Petrelli arrives at the hospital, she tells Future Peter she knows he is impersonating his past self, and tells Future Peter that he actually got the ability to dream the future from her. Future Peter tells Angela that he put his present day self somewhere safe. At the Company headquarters, in one of the Level 5 prison cells, a bald man screams that he is Peter Petrelli. Noah Bennet is also locked up in an adjacent cell.
Sylar arrives at Claire's home, leading Claire to try and escape. Sylar, however, manages to pin her down and steal Noah's files of people with abilities. Sylar cuts open Claire's forehead, but due to Claire's power, she does not die. She remains conscious as Sylar lays her on a table and examines her now-exposed brain, claiming he is looking for answers. Due to the lack of nerve endings in the human brain, she does not feel any pain. Sylar obtains Claire's power and Noah's files, puts Claire's scalp back on her head and turns to leave. Claire's scalp heals, and she then asks Sylar why she is still alive. He tells her she is unique and can't die, and from now on, neither can he. Sylar leaves, and Sandra and Lyle return home to find Claire crying, still with dried blood on her forehead.
In his office at Yamagoto Industries in Japan, Hiro Nakamura tells Ando that he is bored without a quest. A video message from Kaito Nakamura is delivered to his office, which tells Hiro to never open Kaito's safe, which holds a secret. Hiro immediately opens the safe, and finds another video, with Kaito repeating that he was not supposed to open the safe. Hiro finds one half of a molecular formula, which gets stolen by a blur before he can comprehend what it means. Hiro stops time to see that the blur is a trail left by a woman with superspeed. She moves at normal speed while time is stopped, and comments that Hiro did not stop time completely. She hits him in the face and leaves with the formula as time resumes. Hiro jumps to the future to see how the world is destroyed. He sees Japan in a panic, and himself talking to Ando, arguing about the formula. Future Hiro yells at Ando saying that Ando betrayed him. Future Hiro is ready to strike with his sword, when Ando shoots what appears to be red electricity at Hiro, apparently killing him. Ando takes the formula from Hiro's body and walks away. The sky opens up and the world starts exploding, and Hiro jumps back to the present. 
Maya and Mohinder Suresh are at his apartment and he realizes that powers are controlled by the adrenal glands. Mohinder thinks he has isolated something that controls powers, and could give powers to anybody. Maya says the powers are a curse, and asks him to destroy the formula. On the docks, Mohinder considers throwing away the syringe with the formula. Instead, he injects himself, and collapses. Two muggers attempt to accost Mohinder as he lays semiconscious on the ground. However, he exhibits superhuman strength, repelling the thugs. In the background, there is a giant painting of the Earth exploding from the inside. In the closing scenes of the episode, Mohinder narrates the William Butler Yeats poem "The Second Coming", the title's namesake.
Matt wakes up in the desert, with no one in sight. As he walks across the desert, he stops in front of a rock where the picture of the earth exploding is painted.
Production.
"Villains" was originally designed to be included within the second season; however, due to the writers' strike, the volume was carried over into season three. The lead-in to "Villains" showed Sylar regaining his lost powers, shown as the final scene of the "Generations" finale. Tim Kring has said that the new volume will bring a cadre of villains to the show, hence the title. On December 5, 2007, at the Jules Verne Film Festival Adventure, Tim Kring showed a video-preview of volume three. According to an interview with Allan Arkush, filming for season three began on May 1, 2008. On May 9, 2008, a season three promo clip was released with hints at possible "inner villains" within the heroes. The promo stated, "In every hero there could be a villain," before plastering the words "hero" and "villain" over the face of every major character. Finally, during the featured "Heroes" panel at the San Diego Comic-Con, the entire first hour of the first episode of the "Villains" arc was shown. 
In July NBC began airing a teaser for season three featuring Noah Bennet talking to Claire stating, "Since before you were even born, I was finding these people and locking them away so that they couldn't hurt anybody. Now a dozen of them have escaped, and they will kill...and they will terrorize...and they will conspire...and they will cause...unimaginable destruction to the world...they're villains, Claire," while a montage of clips play.
Zachary Quinto, who plays Sylar, has stated that the Villains story arc will last for thirteen episodes.
Critical Reception.
At the San Diego Comic-Con 2008, Kring screened the first part of "The Second Coming", which received a positive response from fans. 
Robert Canning of IGN felt that "The Second Coming" was "like a wasted opportunity". He saw the most noticeable difference between this episode and the last season as "the quick pacing", and found the revelation of Nathan's would-be assassin to be "the best part of the episode". He hoped that the Petrellis would continue to get focus, and questioned the choices made by Hiro and Mohinder, saying that their actions did not seem to reflect anything they would have learned from their past experiences. Canning said that although "The Second Coming" was "not exactly the second coming[,] it may well turn out to be a solid start to a season of redemption".
Sean O'Neal of "The A.V. Club" rated this episode, together with the next episode, a B+.

</doc>
<doc id="18647257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647257" title="Final Approach (2007 film)">
Final Approach (2007 film)

Final Approach is an action/thriller TV movie that premiered on Hallmark Channel on May 24, 2008. The ensemble cast is led by Dean Cain as disgraced FBI hostage negotiator Jack Bender.
Plot summary.
Jack Bender (Dean Cain) suddenly finds himself in a hostile situation as a group of highly trained and well-armed terrorists, led by Greg Gilliad (Anthony Michael Hall), seize the airplane on which he is traveling, a Lockheed L-1011 of Infinity Air Flight 732 from Newark International Airport to LAX. Bender must re-immerse himself into a world he thought he left behind forever.

</doc>
<doc id="18647261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647261" title="Protective autoimmunity">
Protective autoimmunity

Protective autoimmunity is a condition in which cells of the adaptive immune system contribute to maintenance of the functional integrity of a tissue, or facilitate its repair following an insult. The term ‘protective autoimmunity’ was coined by Prof. Michal Schwartz of the Weizmann Institute of Science (Israel), whose pioneering studies were the first to demonstrate that autoimmune T lymphocytes can have a beneficial role in repair, following an injury to the central nervous system (CNS). Most of the studies on the phenomenon of protective autoimmunity were conducted in experimental settings of various CNS pathologies and thus reside within the scientific discipline of neuroimmunology. 
Background.
The adaptive immune system primarily consists of T and B cells (lymphocytes), which can respond to specific antigens and subsequently acquire an immunological memory. The activity of adaptive immunity is critically important for host defense against pathogens. Cells of the adaptive immunity that respond to self-antigens are termed ‘autoimmune cells’. Autoimmunity, the activity of autoimmune cells, is generally considered in the context of an autoimmune disease—a pathological condition induced by an overwhelming activity of autoimmune cells. One of the hallmarks of immunity is the ability to transfer a substantial amount of lymphocytes or antibodies from one animal to another in a way that results in immunity to a certain pathogen (adaptive transfer). Similarly, autoimmune diseases can be induced experimentally by the adaptive transfer of autoimmune cells or antibodies from an animal that suffers from an autoimmune disease into a healthy animal. In a seminal study of 1999, Schwartz and colleagues demonstrated that the same autoimmune T cells that can cause an experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE, a common model for multiple sclerosis) can also be harnessed to protect injured CNS tissue from secondary degeneration following a traumatic insult. The experiment showed that after a partial crush injury of the optic nerve, rats injected with activated T cells which are specific for myelin basic protein (MBP, a common protein in the CNS) retained 3-fold more retinal ganglion cells with functionally intact axons than did rats injected with activated T cells specific for other (control) antigens. These findings indicated that at least under certain circumstances, autoimmune activity could exert a beneficial effect by protecting injured neurons from the spread of damage. Additional work by the Schwartz group has shown that protective autoimmunity is a naturally occurring physiological phenomenon that takes place spontaneously following a CNS injury. Mutant mice which lack T cells (such as SCID and nude), and mice that lack T cells that can recognize CNS antigens, exhibit reduced levels of neuronal survival following CNS injury relative to normal (wild type) mice. On the other hand, mice that were genetically engineered so that most of their T cells will recognize a CNS antigen—such as transgenic mice overexpressing a T cell receptor (TcR) for MBP—exhibit elevated rates of neuronal survival after CNS injury. Experiments conducted in animal models of spinal cord injury, brain injury, glaucoma, stroke, motor neuron degeneration, Parkinson’s and Alzheimer's disease have demonstrated the relevance of immune cells and in particular T cells that recognize CNS antigens in promoting neuronal survival and functional recovery from acute and chronic neurodegenerative conditions. T cells that recognize CNS antigens have also been shown to be important for maintaining the functional integrity of the adult CNS under normal non-pathological conditions. Immune deficient mice and mice which lack T cells that recognize brain antigens exhibit impairments in spatial learning and memory, and have reduced levels of cell renewal in the hippocampus and sub-ventricular zone (the brain structures where neurogenesis takes place in the adult brain).
Mechanism of action.
An immune response that takes place following CNS injury elicits a cascade of molecular and cellular events that can eventually affect the organism’s functional recovery. Immediately after an injury to the CNS, there is a local innate immune response. This response is mediated primarily by microglia cells, a population of CNS-resident immune cells, which can act as phagocytes, and antigen-presenting cells. CD4+ T helper cells that were specifically activated by antigens associated with the lesion, arrive at the site of injury and locally interact with microglia and other blood-derived antigen presenting cells (e.g. dendritic cells). Local properties of antigen presenting cells (i.e. the levels of MHC-II-self antigen complexes and the type of co-stimulatory molecules) dictate the profile of the subsequent T cell response. The interaction between the T cells and the microglia/dendritic cells results in the production of a set of inflammatory cytokines (such as interferon gamma) and chemokines (chemoatractant proteins) that, in turn, orchestrate the ensuing repair process in which many cell types participate. Microglia and myeloid cells recruited from the circulating blood restrict the spread of damage by buffering excessive levels of toxic self-compounds (such as the neurotransmitter glutamate), and by producing growth factors (such as insulin-like growth factor-1) that prevent neuronal death and induce axonal re-growth. In addition, the chemokines produced at the site of injury attract endogenous stem or progenitor cells that can further contribute to repair by providing a source for new neurons and glial cells, and by restricting the local immune response.
The mechanism by which protective autoimmunity maintains the brain’s functional integrity under non-injurious conditions is still not known. One model suggests that CNS-specific autoimmune T cells which constantly circulate through the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) interact with perivascular dendritic cells that reside at the choroid plexus and meninges. Cytokines and growth factors secreted into the CSF by the T cells and dendritic cells then diffuse into the neural parenchyma were they locally affect neurons, glial cells and stem cells. This model infers that the level of antigen presentation (i.e. the amount of MHC-II-self antigen complexes) serves as an indicator of the level of immune activity required for maintenance of the uninjured brain.
Regulation.
The outcome of autoimmune activity is determined by several factors, namely: the intensity, the location, and the duration of the autoimmune response. For an autoimmune response to be beneficial, its intensity, duration and site of activity must be tightly regulated. Although autoimmune T cells exist in all healthy individuals, a relatively small portion of the population develops autoimmune diseases. This is due to various mechanisms that constantly regulate the activity of autoimmmune cells. One of the prominent autoimmune regulatory mechanisms is a sub-population of T cells called ‘regulatory T cells’ (previously known as ‘suppressor T cells’), which restrict autoimmune activity. Experiments in animal models of CNS injury have shown that depletion of regulatory T cells allows an enhanced neuroprotective autoimmune response to take place after the insult. Importantly, however, such an experimental manipulation can at the same time increase the susceptibility to development of an autoimmune disease. Under certain conditions, an initially protective autoimmune response can reach a tipping point, after which it will have a detrimental effect on the tissue, and might even develop into an autoimmune disease. Both genetic and environmental factors (such as infection) can underlie such a transition from a neuroprotective autoimmune response into an overwhelming and detrimental autoimmune disease.
Other cell types, such as B cells and even neural progenitor cells, can promote regulation of immune response in the CNS. Stem and progenitor cells are usually regarded with respect to their potential to serve as a source for newly differentiated cells, but recently stem and progenitor cells have also been acknowledged for their ability to modulate immune activity. Experiments have shown that injection of neural progenitor cells into the brain’s ventricles can modulate an immune response taking place at multiple inflammatory foci in a mouse model of multiple sclerosis, or at a single site at the injured spinal cord.
Therapeutic implications.
The concept of protective autoimmunity is relatively new, and it has been shadowed by the historic and yet dominant view of autoimmunity as a damaging factor. Skepticism towards protective autoimmunity has been further fueled by the general concept of the CNS as being an immune privileged site in which immune cell activity is observed only under pathological conditions. Nevertheless, studies during the last decade have established that the immune system has the capacity to orchestrate a multitude of beneficial effects in the adult CNS under both normal and pathological conditions. Such effects range from the molecular level (growth factor production, buffering of toxic self compounds) through the cellular level (induction of axonal regrowth and neurogenesis) to the behavioral level (maintenance of spatial memory). 
Several approaches have been used experimentally in order to harness naturally occurring immune cell activity in CNS pathologies. Here are key examples:
1. Therapeutic vaccination: This approach utilizes a common immunological manipulation. Inoculation of an antigen that is associated with the pathology, in this case the site of injury, evokes the activation and proliferation of lymphocytes which can specifically respond to the antigen used. For therapeutic purposes, vaccination with an antigen associated with the site of injury (for example peptides derived from myelin proteins) is problematic, because it carries the risk of inducing, in individuals susceptible to autoimmune diseases, an overwhelming inflammatory response that is detrimental for recovery. To circumvent this problem researchers have been using lower affinity agonists (termed ‘altered peptide ligands’) which induce a weaker immune response. Experiments in animal models of spinal cord injury revealed that the use of such altered peptide ligands is effective in promoting functional recovery without the risk of inducing a deleterious autoimmune response.
2. Alteration of regulatory T cell activity: Suppressing regulatory T cell activity following injury can allow a more robust autoimmune response to take place. For therapeutic purpose, the mere removal of regulatory T cells is, again, highly problematic because it increases the risk of inducing autoimmune diseases. Overcoming this limitation is possible using agents that transiently suppress regulatory T cell activity. Such an agent has been used successfully in an animal model of ischemic stroke, where treated animals exhibited improved neurological recovery relative to non-treated animals.

</doc>
<doc id="18647266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647266" title="Maranakatte">
Maranakatte

Maranakatte is located at a distance of 16 km from Kundapura on the way to Kollur and the village is also called Kanchinakodlu.
There is a Brahmalingeshwara Temple which is located on the banks of a river in the northside which then takes a steep turn towards east which increases the beauty of the spot.
Legend.
It is believed that Goddess Mookambika performed a Marana Homa here after Killing the wicked Mookasura. The Temple faces east side & the Sanctorum faces the north. By the sides of main statue Brahmalingeshwara there is Malyali Yakshi & Vata Yakshi & also two Dwarapalakas. In front of the Sanctorum there is a Buvaneshwari Yanthra or Sri Chakra, believed to have been established by Adi Shankara. Beside the “Brahmalingeshwar Gudi” there is a ” Daivadha mane “ of Haiguli and Chikku.
Influenced by Adi Shankara.
The temple is also influenced by sage Adi Shankaracharya, who established the Sri Chakra at this temple.
Fair.
The day of Makara Sankranthi, a temple fair is arranged here which attracts large number of people from all over the district and neighbouring districts. The speciality of the place is settling of disputes & promises uttered in the name of God which have a deep influence in the mind of the devotees.

</doc>
<doc id="18647267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647267" title="Jonathan Cole">
Jonathan Cole

Jonathan Cole (born 21 December 1970 in Welwyn Garden City) is a British composer and professor of composition at the Royal College of Music.
Biography.
Jonathan Cole studied composition at King's College London, the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and Royal Holloway, University of London. His teachers included Simon Bainbridge, Simon Holt and Malcolm Williamson. His work first achieved public notice with Ouroboros I (1999). He has enjoyed a fruitful relationship with the London Sinfonietta who have premiered three pieces and has received commissions from the BBC, Nash Ensemble, RAI Orchestra, Turin and the London Symphony Orchestra amongst others. His music is widely performed in festivals across the world and has been supported by such figures as Oliver Knussen, George Benjamin and Mark Anthony Turnage. Influenced by Stockhausen and Nono as well as David Lynch and Georges Bataille, his music explores perception and memory in rich and imaginative ways.
References.
Young Noises at the concert hall (Independent on Sunday - 9 April 2000)

</doc>
<doc id="18647291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647291" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Aizawl">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Aizawl

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Aizawl () is a diocese located in the city of Aizawl in the Ecclesiastical province of Shillong in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18647317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647317" title="David Williamson (businessman)">
David Williamson (businessman)

David Williamson (born 1961 in Edinburgh) is a successful Scottish businessman, and former "Executive Director (Operations)" at Newcastle United.
Biography.
Williamson is originally from Edinburgh, but has lived in the North East England for most of the last 20 years.
In April 2002, Williamson joined Newcastle Racecourse as managing director and during a six-year period he transformed its fortunes and helped boost turnover from £2.5m to £6.5m. The Northumberland Plate weekend now brings £30m into the regional economy and he also introduced Ladies' Day which now attracts over 15,000 racegoers.
In April 2008, Williamson was appointed executive director (operations) for Newcastle United, specifically headhunted by the former managing director and chairman Chris Mort. His focus is said to be widespread, relating to all business-related matters at the club.
Williamson became part of a new-look management structure in place at Newcastle United and was to work closely with the also newly appointed managing director Derek Llambias and his counterpart Dennis Wise as executive director (football). Wise though left the club April 1, 2009.
After Newcastle United was relegated to the Championship around 150 full and part-time employees of the club were laid off including Williamson.

</doc>
<doc id="18647329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647329" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jowai">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jowai

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jowai () is a diocese located in the city of Jowai in the Ecclesiastical province of Shillong in India. In a land area of 3, 819 square kilometers, the diocesan territory covers the district of Jaintia Hills in Meghalaya.
History.
The Diocese of Jowai was erected on January 28, 2006 by Pope Benedict XVI, and Father Vincent Kympat was appointed its first bishop. He was ordained on April 2, 2006 by the Apostolic Nuncio to India, Archbishop Pedro Lopez Quintana.
Statistics.
As of December 31, 2008, Jowai diocese had 72,000 baptized Catholics, representing 26 percent of all 295,229 people in the territory. The diocese had 12 parishes and 20 mission stations. The diocese recorded 600 baptisms in 2008.
Leadership.
Bishop Vincent Kympat was born December 17, 1946 in Moosutong in Shillong Diocese. He was ordained a priest on January 23, 1977 in the diocese of Shillong. He was appointed Bishop of Jowai on January 28, 2006 and was ordained on April 2, 2006. Before becoming a prelate Bishop Kympat was the chairman of Faith Formation Commission and Diocesan Coordinator for Small Christian Communities in the Archdiocese of Shillong.
He is presently the Chairman of Small Christian Communities Commission in North Eastern Regional Bishops' Council of India. He died on 30 July 2011. On Monday, February 3, 2014, Pope Francis named Archbishop Emeritus Thomas Menamparampil, SDB, Archbishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Guwahati in Guwahati, India, as Apostolic Administrator of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jowai until the appointment of a new Bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="18647335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647335" title="Zeke Zarchy">
Zeke Zarchy

Rubin "Zeke" Zarchy (June 12, 1915 – April 12, 2009) was an American lead trumpet player of the big band and swing eras.
He joined the Joe Haymes orchestra in 1934, then played with Benny Goodman in 1936 and Artie Shaw in 1937. From 1937 to 1942, he worked and recorded with the bands of Red Norvo, Bob Crosby, Glenn Miller, Mildred Bailey, Frank Sinatra, Helen Ward, Judy Garland, Tommy Dorsey, and Ella Fitzgerald.
Zeke's trumpet can be heard on recordings as Benny Goodman's "Bugle Call Rag", Glenn Miller's "Moonlight Cocktail", and Bob Crosby's "South Rampart Street Parade".
When World War II broke out, Zarchy was the first musician chosen by Glenn Miller for what became Miller's Army Air Force Band (officially, the 418th Army Band) where Zarchy played lead trumpet and was Master (First) Sergeant from 1942 to 1945.
After the war, singer Frank Sinatra invited Zarchy to move to Los Angeles, where he became a first-call studio musician. He played on the recordings of hundreds of vocalists, including Louis Armstrong, Tony Bennett, Dinah Shore, and The Mills Brothers. His trumpet is heard in the soundtracks of many classic Hollywood movies, including "West Side Story" (1961), "Dr. Zhivago" (1965) and the "The Glenn Miller Story" (1954). 
During the 1960s and '70s, he played in the house bands of several CBS TV variety shows, including "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour", "The Danny Kaye Show" and "The Jonathan Winters Show", and was a member of the NBC Staff Orchestras in New York and Los Angeles.
In his later years, Zarchy made many music tours of Europe, South America, and Australia, as well as 32 concert trips to Japan. He tutored several young trumpet players who became successful performers and studio musicians. He died on April 12, 2009 at the age of 93.

</doc>
<doc id="18647348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647348" title="PR automation">
PR automation

Public Relations Automation (PRA) software is a type of Enterprise Software that is designed to automate public-relations-related activities, such as campaign management, real-time media monitoring, and media analysis.
Generally delivered as a software as a service, PRA software can be rapidly deployed without any investment in on-premise hardware or software.
Integrated PRA software solutions enable public relations professionals to:

</doc>
<doc id="18647350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647350" title="Claude Yates">
Claude Yates

Claude J. Yates (1916 - October 25, 1988), was a Jacksonville business executive in the 1960s who is known as the "Father of Jacksonville’s consolidation."
Early years.
Little is known about Claude’s past before he came to Jacksonville.
Prelude to Consolidation.
Claude Yates was Vice President and General Manager of the Southern Bell Telephone Company in Jacksonville during the early 1960s. He had recently retired from Southern Bell and been named president of the Jacksonville Chamber of Commerce in 1964 when all 15 public high schools lost their accreditation. On January 19, 1965 Yates called a lunch meeting of the chamber at the Robert Meyer Hotel to decide on a course of action. Those individuals who attended included: Glenn Marshall Jr., Roger L. Main, W.S. Johnson, Charles W. Campbell, Gert H.W. Schmidt, Edward Ball, C.G. Whittaker, Luke Sadler, B.D. Fincannon, George B. Hills, Jacob F. Bryan III, B.N. Nimnicht, James R. Stockton Sr., J.T. Lane, J.H. Coppedge, Gen. Maxwell Snyder, Harold Meyerheim, Joseph W. Davin, Thompson S. Baker, Richard Lewinson, Henry M. French and S. Kendrick Guernsey. All are deceased. The date was significant because it was the deadline for submitting requests for the upcoming legislative session. At the time, the legislature only met for sixty days every other year. Those prominent business and civic leaders signed a 45-word petition to the Duval legislative delegation of Senator John E. Mathews and Representative Fred Schultz, that would later be dubbed the "Yates Manifesto". It stated:
"We, the undersigned, respectfully request the Duval County Delegation to the Florida Legislature to prepare an enabling act calling for the citizens of Duval County to vote on the consolidation of government within Duval to secure more efficient and effective government under one governmental body."
It recommended governmental reforms and consolidation for Duval County's governments.
Consolidation.
In response, the 1965 Legislature created the "Local Government Study Commission" (LGSC) chaired by J.J. Daniel, who later became publisher of The Florida Times-Union and Jacksonville Journal. Lex Hester was hired as the executive director.
Claude Yates was among the 50 business and civic leaders invited to participate. Elected officials and government employees were intentionally excluded. On October 1, 1965 the commission was established and given until May 1, 1967 to complete their work. In January, 1967, after 15 months of effort and three months ahead of schedule, the LGSC submitted a consolidation proposal entitled, "Blueprint for Improvement".
The legislative delegation altered the plan slightly to make it more appealing and ordered it to be placed on a referendum in 1967. Voters had consistently defeated consolidation referendums since 1935.
Yates led the "Citizens for Better Government" committee, which successfully disseminated information about the advantages of consolidation.
The referendum passed and their "Blueprint for Improvement" has "since proven to be a national model for urban government", according to the Jacksonville Chamber of Commerce.
Other work.
Claude J. Yates was a member and former Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Jacksonville Branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, ca. 1958-1965, appointed by their Board of Governors.,
The "Greater Jacksonville Economic Opportunity program" began in 1968 as an anti-poverty initiative that started, among other things, project Head Start. Among other luminaries, its directors included Claude J. Yates
Years later, Yates was the president of "Area Communications Inc.", the company that established cable television in Jacksonville. Continental Cablevision purchased Area Communications in 1984 and was the city's cable provider until 2002.
Claude Yates died of a heart attack in Jacksonville on October 25, 1988.
Honors.
After his death, the Jacksonville City Council created the "Claude J. Yates Outstanding Councilman of the Year Award", which is bestowed annually to the outstanding council member.
The Riverside YMCA at 221 Riverside Avenue was renamed the "Claude J. Yates YMCA" in January, 2000.
The local government building at 231 E. Forsyth Street was named, the "Claude Yates Building" when it opened in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18647356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647356" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Nongstoin">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nongstoin

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nongstoin () is a diocese located in the city of Nongstoin in the Ecclesiastical province of Shillong in India. In a land area of 5, 247 square kilometers, the diocesan territory covers the West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya state.
History.
The real success and growth of the Catholic Church in West Khasi Hills is solely attributed to the zealous missionaries who dedicated and sacrificed their lives for the Gospel. Some of whom need special mention. The seed of Christianity fell in fertile soil sometimes in 1907, where under the capable supervision and direction of the saintly Father Otto Hopfenmuller SDS, Myntri Langduh Shangdiar and his son Raimondus Rai Khardewsaw found grace in the personal animation of Father Valentinus Karffe SDS and were baptized on Jan. 24, 1907 at Rangthong by the Officiating pastor Father Dominicu Dounderer SDS. The seed blossomed and bear fruit. Raimondus Rai later became the first teacher and Catechist of Rangblang. Undoubtedly, Rangblang became the first stronghold of Catholicism in the Western zone of Khasi Hills.
The colossal contribution of spreading the Gospel of Christ in West Khasi Hills, which dominated the Catholic Arena, was none other than the beloved Father Constantine Vendrame SDB from 1922 onwards. His foot-steps were followed by his followers Father Tome, Foglia, C. Attard, Carmelo Spitale and later Fathers Felix Matta, Costa, Albizuri, Toniguzzo and Vanni Desideri and many others.
Fifty six years ago, the nearest Mission station was Marbisu Parish, 76 kilometers away from Nongstoin. The faithful, Catechists and devotees traveled on foot to fulfill their obligations to the Mission station bare-footed for 4 days forth and back. Father Carmel Attard SDB, the stern and fatherly Maltese missionary was there to receive them. Those were the days of trials but bear fruits that lasted till today.
From 1970 onwards, the sacrifice and untiring endeavour of the missionaries boosted the Mission filed in West Khasi Hills (at that time under Assam). The Shillong Diocese felt it necessary to extend the pastoral institutions to the western zone of the diocese. Thus the Parish of St. Peter the Apostle was established on May 12, 1966 at Pyndengrei, Nongstoiñ with Father Emmanuel Albizuri SDB as the first Parish Priest (RIP-Spaniard) and Father John Mary Premoli SDB (an Italian) now in Africa as assistant Parish Priest. These two "bulldozer missionaries" travelled far and wide on foot covering the present 10 parishes and make it possible for the present Diocese to come into existence.
The Diocese of Nongstoin was created by Pope Benedict XVI on Jan. 28, 2006. The Apostolic Nuncio to India, Archbishop Pedro Lopez Quintana, has ordained Bishop Victor Lyngdoh on April 2, 2006 and installed him as the first Bishop of Nongstoiñ Diocese on April 4, 2006 amidst turbulent torrential cyclonic rain.
Statistics.
As of 2009, Nongstoin diocese had 102,900 baptized Catholics, representing 34 percent of all 313,723 people in the territory. The diocese had 15 parishes and 60 mission stations. During 2009, the diocese recorded 4,850 baptisms.
Leadership.
Bishop Victor Lyngdoh was born on Jan. 14, 1956 in Wallang, East Khasi Hills District in the state of Meghalaya. He was ordained a priest on Jan. 25, 1987 in the archdiocese of Shillong. He was appointed Bishop of Nongstoin on Jan. 28, 2006 and was ordained on April 2, 2006. Before becoming a prelate Bishop Lyngdoh was parish priest of the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians in the Archdiocese of Shillong. He is presently the Chairman of Bible Commission in North East Bishops council of India.

</doc>
<doc id="18647381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647381" title="Joint Army–Navy Assessment Committee">
Joint Army–Navy Assessment Committee

Joint Army–Navy Assessment Committee (JANAC) was a United States inter-service agency set up to analyze and assess Japanese naval and merchant marine shipping losses caused by U.S. and Allied forces during World War II.
Background.
In January 1943, JANAC was formed by General George Marshall, the Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army, and Admiral Ernest J. King, the Chief of Naval Operation and Commander-in-Chief, United States Fleet (COMINCH), to assess enemy naval and merchant shipping losses during World War II. The objectives of JANAC were as set forth in the following joint Army–Navy directive:
JANAC consisted of representatives of the U.S. Navy, the U.S. Army, and the Army Air Forces, with a joint Army–Navy secretariat, under the chairmanship of Rear Admiral Walter DeLaney. Following the war, Rear Admiral Jerauld Wright succeeded Delany as JANAC chairman.
Methodology & Results.
JANAC used the following sources to compile information on Japanese vessel losses during World War II:
The assessment of losses, unanimously agreed to by all JANAC members of the committee, was published in 1947, which included:
JANAC provided a detailed chronology of Japanese naval and merchant marine losses cross-indexed in the appendix of its final report, including a separate summary about losses caused by U.S. submarines. JANAC noted that a negligible number of vessels were not assessed because of insufficient information as to the cause of loss.
Legacy.
Submarine service.
JANAC significantly altered wartime estimates for Japanese losses inflicted by the U.S. Navy's submarine service. At the end of World War II, Vice Admiral Charles A. Lockwood and his COMSUBPAC staff had estimated that approximately 4,000 ships had been sunk, totalling 10 million tons lost. JANAC revised this total to 1,314 enemy vessels and 5.3 million tons sunk. JANAC estimates of Japanese losses revised wartime claims downward for most war patrols carried out by the submarine service during World War II as noted in the following table of the revised list of top ten submarines based upon the total tonnage sunk as determined by JANAC.
JANAC also revised the achievements of individual submarine commanding officers as noted in the following table.
Although JANAC tended to revise downward wartime esimates, one noteworthy exception involved the fifth war patrol of "Archerfish" (SS-311) under the command of Commander Joseph F. Enright. "Archerfish" was credited with sinking a 24,000-ton "Hiyō"-class aircraft carrier during the war, but JANAC determined he had actually sunk the 66,000-ton carrier "Shinano", making this the most successful submarine patrol of the Pacific War.
Battle of Midway.
JANAC also addressed wartime claims made by the U.S. Army Air Force regarding the sinking of the Japaneses aircraft carriers "Kaga", "Akagi", "Hiryū", and "Sōryū" during the Battle of Midway by giving sole credit to the U.S. Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="18647384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647384" title="Geoffrey Freshwater">
Geoffrey Freshwater

Geoffrey Freshwater is an English actor. His television appearances include "The Government Inspector" and the recurring character of Sgt Eric Rivers in 5 episodes of "Foyle's War". He was also a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company, appearing in their 2007-08 "This England" cycle of Shakespeare's history plays.
As a young actor, Geoffrey Freshwater was engaged in 1972 for a repertory season by Newpalm Productions at the Civic Theatre, Chelmsford, appearing in productions such as "Oh, What a Lovely War!". In 1982 he appeared in Alan Plater's stage play "On Your Way, Riley!" with Brian Murphy and Maureen Lipman.

</doc>
<doc id="18647402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647402" title="Cleve Gray">
Cleve Gray

Cleve Gray (born September 22, 1918 in New York City; died December 8, 2004 in Hartford, Connecticut) was as an American Abstract expressionist painter, who was also associated with Color Field painting and Lyrical Abstraction.
Biography.
He was born Cleve Ginsberg. The family changed their name to Gray in 1936. 
Training.
He attended the Ethical Culture School in New York City (1924–1932); and from age 11 to age 14 he began his formal art training with Antonia Nell, (who had been a student of George Bellows). At 15 until the age of 18 he attended the Phillips Academy, in Andover, Massachusetts; where he studied painting with Bartlett Hayes and won the Samuel F. B. Morse Prize for most promising art student. In 1940 he graduated from Princeton University summa cum laude, with a degree in Art and Archeology. He was a member of Phi Beta Kappa. At Princeton he studied painting with James C. Davis and Far Eastern Art with George Rowley, for whom he wrote his thesis on Yuan dynasty landscape painting. Gray retained a lifelong passion for Asian art after focusing on it at Princeton.
Arizona.
After graduation in 1941 he moved to Tucson, Arizona. In Arizona he exhibited his landscape paintings and still lifes at the Alfred Messer Studio Gallery in Tucson.
World War II.
In 1942 he returned to New York and joined the United States Army. During World War II he served in Britain, France and Germany. In Germany he sketched wartime destruction. After the liberation of Paris he was the first American GI to greet Pablo Picasso and Gertrude Stein. He began informal art training with French artists André Lhote and Jacques Villon. He continued his art studies in Paris after the war.
Post-war.
He returned to the United States in 1946. During the Post-war period he began to exhibit his work at the Galerie Durand-Ruel in Paris, and he had his first solo exhibition at the Jacques Seligmann Gallery in New York in 1947.
Connecticut.
In 1949 he moved to the house his parents had owned on a property in Warren, Connecticut, and lived there until his death. He married the noted author Francine du Plessix April 23, 1957. They worked in studios in separate outbuildings separated by a driveway.
In the 1960s, after forming a friendship with colleague Barnett Newman, Gray moved on from his tendencies towards French inspirations and was able to find his own unique style which he used over his last 42 years.
Career.
He was a veteran of scores of exhibitions beginning in Paris and recently in 2002 at the Berry-Hill Gallery in New York City. His paintings are in the collections of numerous important museums and institutions.
In 2009 art critic Karen Wilkin curated a posthumous retrospective of his work at the Boca Raton Museum of Art.
Death.
His wife of 47 years, writer, Francine du Plessix Gray reported that he died of "massive subdural hematoma suffered after he fell on ice and hit his head."

</doc>
<doc id="18647403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647403" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Tura">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tura

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tura () is a diocese located in the city of Tura in the Ecclesiastical province of Shillong in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18647404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647404" title="Brenthurst Initiative">
Brenthurst Initiative

The Brenthurst Initiative was a 2003 policy paper on Black Economic Empowerment in South Africa by Jonathan and Nicky Oppenheimer that called for tax incentives to encourage economic growth and black wealth creation.
The proposal.
The initial, draft proposal release in August 2003 had the stated objectives of boosting South Africa's economic growth rate from 2.7 percent to 5 percent annually, developing a system of tax incentives and penalties to encourage black ownership of companies and businesses and to raise R224-billion to ensure 26 percent black ownership of all equity on the JSE Securities Exchange by 2014.
The tax incentives, on a sliding scale, would be calculated based on a company's rating on a governmental empowerment scorecard and was intended to provide a competitive advantage to racially transformed companies. This was interpreted as a "carrot" to balance the "stick" of legislated transformation requirements and associated penalties.
Reception.
The initiative was first released at a function opened by President Thabo Mbeki and drew praise from Cyril Ramaphosa and Moss Ngoasheng and criticism from Tony Leon and Mangosuthu Buthelezi.
The initial response from some economist and trade unions was described as "downright cool".
The initiative was subsequently criticised for being too limited, for potentially reducing the tax base and for effectively proposing that a black majority government fund the transformation of white-owned businesses.
A 2004 proposal by the South African Revenue Service for tax breaks to companies that give shares to a broad base of employees was considered to be linked to the Brenthurst Initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="18647417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647417" title="Brian Baines">
Brian Baines

Brian Baines (born circa 1930, died 30 June 2006, Bradford) was a British television newsreader, continuity announcer and character actor.
As well as regular newsreading duties on the early evening "Look North" programme, Baines was also one of the main announcers for BBC North television during the 1970s and early 1980s when the BBC's English regions utilised local continuity during peak time.
He continued to provide continuity for regional programming and read short "Look North" bulletins until April 1988.
He also appeared as a character actor in supporting roles for several TV dramas filmed in the north of England.
Baines died in a Bradford hospice on 30 June 2006, at the age of 75.
After he died, colleagues revealed that he frequently read the late night TV news and weather out of vision, sitting motionless so that his motorcycling leathers would not creak, as he was dressed ready for the journey home.

</doc>
<doc id="18647422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647422" title="NGO Committee on the Status of Women, New York">
NGO Committee on the Status of Women, New York

The NGO Committee on the Status of Women, New York (NGO/CSW/NY) is one of three women’s committees of the Conference of NGOs in Consultative Relationship with the UN (CoNGO). Established in 1972, it provides an open forum for women’s voices to be heard at the United Nations. The NGO/CSW/NY assists girls and women of all ages to advocate and organize for the implementation of global agreements, including the Nairobi Forward Looking Strategies, Beijing Platform for Action, UN Security Council Resolution 1325 (among others), the Millennium Development Goals and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW). The committee works in cooperation with the NGO Committees on the Status of Women in Geneva and Vienna.
Official Mission.
The purpose of the NGO Committee on the Status of Women at the United Nations Headquarters in New York is:
1. To provide a forum for the exchange of information and for substantive discussion on issues and policies related to women under UN consideration and other relevant women-related studies and programs;
2. To assist the international community in implementing the Nairobi Forward-looking Strategies and the Beijing Platform for Action and decisions reached at subsequent major United Nations conferences as they relate to the advancement of women;
3. To facilitate cooperation among its member organizations, in areas of mutual interest, in the exercise of the consultative function and in activities supportive of women-related United Nations objectives;
4. To continue to work with the United Nations and its Commission on the Status of Women, the Division for the Advancement of Women, and other appropriate bodies and agencies within the United Nations system.
5. To work to mainstream a gender perspective throughout the UN system.
Membership.
Committee membership includes almost 200 national and international non-governmental organizations and individuals who promote the status of women internationally by working at local, national and international levels on the issues addressed by the United Nations. NGO/CSW/NY represents more than 80 member organizations that are concerned about the status of women and active at the UN headquarters in New York. Voting members are those individuals who represent organizations in Consultative Status with the UN through the Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC); there is one vote per organization. Individuals may be members without vote.
Members receive notices of monthly meetings, special publications and updates on activities of the UN, plus invitations to all special events, receptions and meetings sponsored by the NGO/CSW/NY. In addition, the NGO/CSW/NY brings NGO representatives together to issue joint statements, facilitates NGO participation at CSW meetings, conducts training and orientation for NGO representatives, and runs an international listserv that keeps women worldwide apprised of issues throughout the world.
How It Works.
At meetings of the Economic and Social Council, the United Nations General Assembly, the Commission on Population and Development, as well as the Commissions on Social and Sustainable Development, the NGO/CSW/NY facilitates interaction between multiple stakeholders, including women’s NGOs, the UN, governments, and the private sector. In collaboration with sister committees in Geneva and Vienna, the NGO/CSW/NY organizes the NGO Consultation Day in preparation for the UN Commission on the Status of Women (CSW) meetings. It convenes morning briefings at the UN, thematic and regional caucuses, and NGO parallel events during the annual CSW meetings.
The NGO/CSW/NY also works in partnership with other CoNGO committees to inform the UN and UN Women on a wide range of issues including violence against women, women’s health, migrant and refugee women, indigenous people’s rights, and the environment.
Events.
The annual calendar of activities for the NGO/CSW/NY includes the NGO Consultation followed by ten days of NGO activities during the CSW; a luncheon to honor CEDAW experts; a Woman Ambassadors’ Luncheon at which awards are presented to new women ambassadors; presentation of a Woman of Distinction Award for an outstanding woman leader from a developing country; a Roundtable briefing to prepare for the CSW (jointly sponsored with UN Women); joint events with ECOSOC related to priority themes for the ECOSOC Annual Ministerial Review; and panel discussions for members concerning current issues at the UN via monthly meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="18647434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647434" title="Vahid Ghelich">
Vahid Ghelich

Vahid Ghelich () born December 16, 1957 in Tehran is a retired Iranian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="18647441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647441" title="Alfred Goodson">
Alfred Goodson

Sir Alfred Lassam Goodson, 1st Baronet (17 May 1867 – 29 November 1940) was an English businessman and public servant.
Goodson was born in London, the son of a merchant. During the First World War he was president of both the Officers' Training Corps Selection Board and the Overseas Civilian Advisory Boards, General Headquarters, France. For these services he was knighted and then created a Baronet in the 1922 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="18647442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647442" title="Grabrić">
Grabrić

Grabrić is a census-designated naselje (settlement) in the Gradec municipality of Zagreb County, Croatia. It has 85 people according the 2001 census. Expressways B28 and B41 have an interchange near Grabrić.

</doc>
<doc id="18647459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647459" title="Trichopezinae">
Trichopezinae

Trichopezinae are a subfamily of empidoid flies. They are mainly predatory flies like most of their relatives, and generally small to medium-sized, long-legged and large-eyed.
Previously, they were included in the Clinocerinae or the Hemerodromiinae. In some more recent treatments, the Brachystomatinae are considered a distinct family, and the Trichopezinae are placed therein. However, it is more likely that the Brachystomatinae are part of the Empididae, and that the Trichopezinae represent a separate lineage in the same family. The monophyly of the Trichopezinae versus its closest relatives is not firmly established; it seems likely that some changes will be necessary to make this subfamily a natural group.

</doc>
<doc id="18647464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647464" title="Matthew Rose (bass)">
Matthew Rose (bass)

Matthew Rose (born 4 May 1978 in Brighton) is an English operatic bass.
Biography.
Matthew Rose studied at Seaford College and the Curtis Institute of Music, Philadelphia. In 2003 he joined the Young Artists Programme at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden.]
He has performed at La Scala, Milan, Santa Fe Opera, The Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, Glyndebourne, Welsh National Opera, Houston Grand Opera, the Bayerische Staatsoper, Opéra National de Lyon, Teatro Real, Madrid, the Metropolitan Opera, New York and English National Opera. He has sung most of the standard oratorio repertoire in concert, working with orchestras such as the London Symphony Orchestra, the Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia, the BBC Symphony Orchestra, the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the Tonhalle Orchester Zürich, The Monteverdi Choir, the Dresden Staatskapelle, the London Philharmonic Orchestra, the Vienna Symphony Orchestra, the Scottish Chamber Orchestra, the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment and the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra with such conductors as Sir Antonio Pappano, Sir Charles Mackerras, Sir Colin Davis, Edward Gardner, Jirí Bêlohlávek, Emmanuelle Haïm, Sir Andrew Davis, Sir John Eliot Gardiner, Charles Dutoit, Daniel Harding, Adam Fischer, Robin Ticciati, Sir Roger Norrington, Sir Mark Elder, David Robertson, Michael Tilson Thomas, Richard Hickox, Yannick Nézet-Séguin, Vladimir Jurowski and Gustavo Dudamel. He has performed at the BBC Proms, The Edinburgh Festival, The Georges Enescu Festival and the Mostly Mozart Festival, New York and has given recitals at venues such as the Wigmore Hall and the Concertgebouw, Amsterdam. He was awarded the John Christie Prize at Glyndebourne in 2006 and received the Independent Opera/Wigmore Hall Fellowship in 2007. In June 2012 he was awarded the Critics Circle Award for Exceptional Young Talent.
Recordings.
He has recorded with Sir Colin Davis (Berlioz "L'enfance du Christ", "Otello" and a "Child of our Time" for LSO Live), Sir Charles Mackerras (Mozart "Vespers" and Schubert "Mass in E flat" with Dresden Staatskappelle) and Richard Hickox (Schubert "Mass in E flat"); "Ariadne auf Naxos" with Sir Richard Armstrong, Rossini's "Stabat Mater" with LPO and Yannick Nézet-Séguin, "Tristan and Isolde" and "William Tell" with Antonio Pappano, "A Midsummer Night's Dream" by Britten with Ilan Volkov from Glyndebourne, "Billy Budd" with Daniel Harding (winner Grammy award), "Messiah" with Kings College Cambridge (also on DVD) and a CD of Liszt songs with Iain Burnside. On DVD he can be seen in "Carmen", "Faust" and "Acis and Galatea" from the Royal Opera House, "Billy Budd" and "The Rake's Progress" from Glyndebourne and Haydn's "Creation" with John Nelson and the Netherlands Radio Chamber Orchestra. In 2013 he released his début solo recital disc, Schubert's Winterreise, with pianist Gary Matthewman, for Stone Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18647475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647475" title="Henry Grayson">
Henry Grayson

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Henry Mulleneux Grayson, 1st Baronet KBE (26 June 1865–27 October 1951) was an English shipbuilder.
Grayson was born in Birkenhead. He was educated at Winchester College and later played first-class cricket for Liverpool and District against Nottinghamshire in 1889 and Yorkshire in 1890, scoring 66 runs at an average of 16.50, with a high score of 42. He entered the family shipbuilding and ship-repairing firm, H. & C. Grayson Ltd, which had been founded on the River Mersey in 1760 and of which his father was managing director. He succeeded his father on the latter's death in 1904 and was also managing director of the Garston Graving Dock & Shipbuilding Co Ltd.
In 1914 he became a member of the Shipbuilders' Advisory Committee to the Admiralty, and in 1916 was appointed Director of Ship Repairs (Home), a post he held until 1919, with a commission in the Royal Marines. For this work he was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1920, Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) later that year, and created a baronet in the 1922 New Year Honours.
In 1918 he was elected to Parliament as Conservative member for Birkenhead West and served until 1922.
He lived on Anglesey, of which he was High Sheriff for 1917. From 1939 to 1945 he was chairman of the Anglesey Joint War Organisation and the North Wales Regional Council and commissioner of the St John Ambulance Brigade for Anglesey.

</doc>
<doc id="18647482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647482" title="Leopold Gleim">
Leopold Gleim

Leopold Gleim was a Colonel and SS Standartenführer in Warsaw during the Second World War. 
He was for a time head of the Gestapo Department for Jewish Affairs in Poland. After the war, he converted to Islam, taking the name of Ali al-Nahar, and served with the Egyptian state services.

</doc>
<doc id="18647485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647485" title="Christophe Moni">
Christophe Moni

Christophe Moni (born 15 January 1972 in Nice, France) is an ex professional rugby player who played for Rugby Nice Côte d'Azur Université-Racing, RC Toulon, Stade Français and France. He is currently the head coach for the ambitious Rugby Nice Côte d'Azur Université-Racing.

</doc>
<doc id="18647486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647486" title="The Government Inspector (TV film)">
The Government Inspector (TV film)

The Government Inspector is a 2005 television drama based on the life of Dr. David Kelly (played by Mark Rylance) and the lead-up to the Iraq War in the United Kingdom. It was written and directed by Peter Kosminsky, and won three BAFTAs - Best Actor for Rylance, Best Single Drama and Best Writer (as well as being nominated for the BAFTA for Best Original Television Music for Jocelyn Pook, and winning a RTS Television Award for Best Single Drama).

</doc>
<doc id="18647489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647489" title="Alexander (son of Lysimachus)">
Alexander (son of Lysimachus)

Alexander (, flourished 3rd century BC) was a son of the diadochus, the Greek nobleman who was a Macedonian Thessalian Lysimachus by an Odrysian concubine called Macris.
Following the murder of his paternal half-brother Agathocles by the command of his father in 284 BC, he fled into Asia with his brother's widow Lysandra, and solicited the aid of Seleucus I Nicator. As a consequence, war ensued between Seleucus I and Lysimachus, ending in the defeat and death of the latter, who was slain in battle in 281 BC, in the plain of Corius in Phrygia. Alexander conveyed his father's body to Lysimachia, to be buried in a tomb between Cardia and Pactya, where it still stood in the time of Pausanias, four centuries later.

</doc>
<doc id="18647491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647491" title="Selaginella selaginoides">
Selaginella selaginoides

Selaginella selaginoides is a non-flowering plant of the spikemoss genus "Selaginella" with a wide distribution around the Northern Hemisphere. It resembles a moss in appearance but is a vascular plant belonging to the division Lycopodiophyta. It has a number of common names including lesser clubmoss, northern spikemoss, club spikemoss, low spikemoss and prickly mountain-moss. This plant has one close relative, "Selaginella deflexa", native to Hawai'i. These two plants form a small clade that is sister to all other "Selaginella" species.
Description.
It is a small, delicate, low-growing plant. Its perennial sterile stems are short, slender and irregularly branched reaching up to 15 cm in length. They creep along the ground but usually turn upwards near the tip. They have small, pointed, triangular leaves about 1-2 mm long. 
The plant also produces annual fertile shoots. They are more robust than the sterile stems and stand erect. They are usually 3-6 cm tall and 4-6 mm across but can grow to 10cm when conditions are favourable. Their leaves are slightly longer than those of the sterile stems and are spirally arranged around the stem, pointing upwards.
The fertile shoots bear stout, yellowish cones which are only slightly differentiated from the branch. The cones usually bear two kinds of sporangia: lobed megasporangia in the lower part of the cone which produce megaspores and simple microsporangia in the upper part which produce many tiny microspores.
Distribution and habitat.
Its range covers northern parts of Europe, Asia and North America including Greenland, Iceland and the Faroe Islands. In Europe it occurs south to the Pyrenees, Apennines and Caucasus. In Asia it reaches Japan while in North America it occurs south as far as Nevada, Wisconsin, Michigan and Maine. 
It is found in damp places with neutral to alkaline soils, most often in mountainous areas. It inhabits bogs, the shores of streams and lakes, wet cliffs and ledges, grassland and dune slacks. It is a poor competitor which does not grow in areas with tall, dense vegetation. In North America it mainly grows from 600 to 2900 m above sea-level, occasionally reaching 3800 m. It Britain it has been recorded from sea-level to 1065 m. 
The species is not considered to be globally threatened but has declined in some areas due to drainage and habitat destruction. In Britain and Ireland it had mostly disappeared from lowland areas by 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="18647514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647514" title="Squadron A">
Squadron A

Squadron A refers to the historic cavalry unit of New York City's Upper East Side.
Squadron A originated with a group of wealthy young gentlemen with great interest in equestrian sport who formed themselves into a group called the 'New York Hussars". They adopted fancy blue uniforms and headgear for ceremonial purposes that mimicked Eurasian fashions dating back to the Napoleonic and Crimean Wars. In effort to become more professional and militarized, they extended membership to Captain Charles F. Roe, twenty-year veteran of the US Army Cavalry, who inspired its membership with the cavalry spirit and military discipline. His efforts were successful to the point that in 1889 fifty-three men were mustered into the New York State National Guard as Troop A, becoming the cavalry arm of the Empire State. Squadron A was officially founded.
The Great Wars.
Squadron A was often called out from its Madison Avenue Armory, which occupied an entire city block between 94th and 95th Streets, to escort presidents, governors, and foreign dignitaries. The Squadron was known for its fine riding skills and elegant uniforms, which it showed off in parades at the National Horse Show.
They earned their spurs as soldiers as well. Volunteer Squadron A troopers served in the Puerto Rican Campaign in 1898, and in 1916 the entire Squadron was called into federal service to patrol the Mexican Border and to support the Pancho Villa Expedition.
During World War I, 796 Squadron A members served, and 609 became commissioned officers. As part of the 105th Machine Gun Battalion, the Squadron played an important role in the smashing of the Hindenburg Line. Members were highly decorated, including a Medal of Honor recipient.
In World War II the unit was federalized as the 101st Cavalry, Horse/Mechanized in early 1941. Following Pearl Harbor, Squadron A men served in all branches of the armed forces worldwide, and two additional Medals of Honor were earned in addition to an array of other distinctions.
Social activities.
In peacetime both between the Wars and directly following, the Squadron was the focus of active social life. Aside from official ceremonial duties, there was indoor polo in the Armory every Saturday night followed by a black tie-dance and many Sunday afternoon tea dances.
The 94th Street Armory came down in 1965, but its facade, with the Squadron motto "BOUTEZ EN AVANT" (Charge!) is still intact, and the Hunter College High School building now occupying the rest of the block takes its architectural cues from the original Armory design.
Squadron A memorabilia is maintained in a museum at the Staten Island armory of the 101st Cavalry (Tank), NYARNG, the successor unit to the Squadron, at 321 Manor Road, Castleton Corners, Staten Island. The 101st was one of the first military units to respond to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 aiding both citizens and police and have been mobilized in support of the Global War on Terror and Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Spirit and traditions are further maintained by the Squadron A Association, housed in the Women's National Republican building on 51st Street in Manhattan. Colonel Robert L. McClean, USAR (ret.) was president of the Association died on March 22, 2011, at his Manhattan residence after a lingering illnesswhich boasts more than 700 members and is a testimony to the enduring cavalry esprit de corps of the Squadron. The Squadron A Association not only keeps alive its heritage but also has an active social agenda with a day at the Belmont Racetrack, a Memorial Service with reception, and a Christmas cocktail party. Additional events have included a Cavalry ball, visits aboard an aircraft carrier during Armed Forces Week, West Point football outings, and polo and shooting parties.

</doc>
<doc id="18647515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647515" title="Flurb">
Flurb

Flurb is a science fiction webzine, edited by noted science fiction author Rudy Rucker. In addition to short stories, Flurb features paintings and photography by Rucker. It is released biannually. Flurb's model is notable in that the author of an accepted story retains full copyright, including the right to have the story published elsewhere, and to request that it be taken down at any time.
Flurb releases tend to garner significant online attention, with issues having been mentioned in several prominent blogs including Boing Boing and io9.
Noted contributors to Flurb have included Terry Bisson, John Kessel, Kim Stanley Robinson, Paul Di Filippo, John Shirley, Charles Stross and Cory Doctorow, as well as Rucker himself.
List of "Flurb" stories.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18647553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647553" title="Love Love, Kiss Kiss">
Love Love, Kiss Kiss

"Love Love, Kiss Kiss" is a song by the Chicago-based punk rock band Alkaline Trio, released as the second single from their 2008 album "Agony & Irony". The single was released exclusively as a digital download through online retailers, using an acoustic version of the song rather than the electric version used on the album. It was the band's first album single since 2001 to fail to chart in either the United States or United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="18647557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647557" title="Tanny B. Crane">
Tanny B. Crane

Anne "Tanny" B. Crane is the President and CEO of Crane Group, Chair of the Board of Directors for the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, and Director on the Board of Wendy's International. Tanny Crane joined Crane Plastics Company in 1987 as Director of Human Resources, and was promoted to Vice President of Sales and Marketing in 1993. She became the President of Crane Plastics in 1996. In January, 2003, she succeeded Jameson Crane to her current position. She is also a member of the Dean's Advisory Council of the Fisher College of Business at The Ohio State University, sits on the Board of the United Way of Central Ohio, is a member of the Columbus Partnership and the Columbus Foundation, and sits on the Board of the Greater Columbus Chamber of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="18647559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647559" title="11 Luchtmobiele Brigade">
11 Luchtmobiele Brigade

The 11 Luchtmobiele Brigade, or 11 Air Manoeuvre Brigade is a rapid and light infantry unit within the Dutch forces and can be deployed anywhere on the globe within five to twenty days to defend its own or allied territory, protect the international rule of law and support law enforcement, disaster relief and humanitarian aid. Deployment can be as part of NATO, United Nations or WEU (West European Union).
When the Air Mobile Brigade, an Army brigade, operates integrated with the Dutch Defence Helicopter Command, an Airforce command, they form the '11 Air Manoeuvre Brigade' (11 AMB).
Helicopters from the Defence Helicopter Command support 11 Air Manoeuvre Brigade with troopstransport and the transport of weapons and materials. Attack helicopters are used to do reconnaissance, give air support and give top cover for infantry on the ground. When helicopters are used in combination with infantry as parts of an offensive operation it is called an 'Air assault' operation. When troopcarrier helicopters are just used to bring infantry from A to B it is called an 'Air mobile' operation. With attackhelicopters performing on their own it is called an 'Air mechanized' operation. When paratroopers are deployed it is called an 'Airborne' operation. The brigade is also able to operate 'Motorized' with heavily armed light armored vehicles. Specially trained units are also able to assist Special Forces as a 'Special Operations Task Group' (SOTG).
In 2003 in Poland (exercise Gainful Sword) and in 2012 in the Netherlands (exercise Peregrine Sword) the brigade had and succeeded for its operational readiness test to (re)apply for its 'Air assault' status. Passing the test it proved to be able to run a brigade operation with the Air Mobile Brigade and Defence Helicopter Command integrated as the 11 Air Manoeuvre Brigade.
History.
The world's security situation changed drastically after the fall of the Berlin wall in '89. In the Netherland arose the need for a rapid reaction force for global operations in the entire warfare spectrum. In '92 11 Air Manoeuvre Brigade was created. It became unfavorable for the Dutch government to sent 'drafties' on missions and this brigade was put together with volunteers from other units. After 10 years of pioneering the brigade got its operational readiness state in October 2003.
The emblem of 11 Air Manoeuvre Brigade is a praying Falcon on a maroon shield with two crossed swords underneath. The color is related to the color of the baret. Air assault infantry distinguish itself by the baret and is allowed to wear it after completing the Air assault infantry training. The maroon baret is the international standard for air landing troops. (although the effort to deserve to wear it differs per country)
Function.
11 Air Manoeuvre Brigade is part of the Dutch forces and therefore shares its aims;
11 Air Manoeuvre Brigade is known for its ability to be rapidly deployed and its mobility. Operations can be performed either by foot, using light vehicles or using airlift capabilities (helicopters or airplanes) from the Airforce. A share of the brigade (three paracompanies, three reconnaissance platoons, the pathfinderplatoon and some of the combatsupport and supportunits) can be deployed as paratroopers.
These forms of airlanding make the brigade effective in operating behind the enemy frontline to occupy strategic locations like bridges till being relieved by mechanized infantry and cavalry. Another task is the destruction of strategic targets, evacuation of personnel, collection of intelligence during raids with infiltration and exfiltration either by ground or by air.
Organization.
11 Air Manoeuvre Brigade has a staff, three infantrybattalions and four combatsupport and supportcompanies:
20 National Reserves battalion has come under command of 11 Air Manoeuvre Brigade in 2012. A colonel from Regional Military Command West is part of the brigade staff and commands national operations in the provinces Noord-Holland, Zuid-Holland en Utrecht, which are part of the area of responsibility of 11 Air Manoeuvre Brigade.
Organization of a battalion.
An infantrybattalion is made up of a staff, three infantry companies and a patrol company. The battalions are the actual 'boots on the ground'. The infantry has a wide variety of means to execute its tasks and carries enough equipment in its backpacks to stay in the field for 72 hours. Every infantry battalion has a para company (A-coy with 11 Infantry battalion, C-coy with 12 Infantry battalion and C-coy with 13 Infantry battalion).
Organization of an infantry company.
An infantry company consist of a staff, three infantry platoons, a mortar squad, a longrange marksmen squad, JTAC / FAC, maintenance personnel, medical personnel, supply personnel and administrative personnel. Its size averages 130 personnel and is lead by a company commander, a captain, who is assisted by his 2IC, an experienced lieutenant, a company sergeant-major and training sergeant-major.
Organization of a patrol company.
11 Air Manoeuvre Brigade has patrol companies since 2011. A patrol company consists of a staff, two patrol platoons, a reconnaissance platoon and a battalion's role 1 medical unit.
During missions in Afghanistan the need for independently operating units with high mobility and great firepower arose. The light 'Luchtmobiel Speciaal Voertuigen' from 11 Staff/Anti-tank company were replaced by Mercedes Benz 4x4 vehicles which are rebuilt ambulances. The new vehicles are manned by three instead of two infantrymen and equip a Browning M2 .50 machinegun, two light Minimi 5.56 machineguns and an OGill (Spike) medium range anti-tank missile and advanced optics. This setup makes independent and offensive operating possible. An area can rapidly be dominated and stabilized. The pilot with new equipment, setup in personnel and new tactics took 1.5 years before becoming the official organization.
The reconnaissance platoons are the eyes and ears of the battalion commander. As a platoon or in squads they try to figure out the strength, size and intentions of enemy forces.
Pathfinderpeloton 'Madju'.
The Pathfinder platoon is part of the brigade's staff support company. The pathfinders are brigade recce's and specialists in reconnaissance and marking of dropzones and landingzones for helicopters and paratroopers. They are also able to operate for Tactical Air Landing Operations and operate in small squads of 6 men. Their deployment can be by foor, parachute, helicopter (spie-rig and fastrope) or vehicle.
11 Engineerscompany (aaslt).
The engineers company consist of engineer recce's, advanced search teams, engineer platoons and a construction squad. The company supports with mobility and counter-monility. Mobility support enables friendly troops to move around unobstructed by detecting and removing IED's (Improvised Explosive Devices), clearing minefields or building bridges. Counter-mobility obstructs enemy troops by putting up obstacles. The company operates integrated with the infantry battalions. The engineer recce's can operate with scuba gear and makes them perfect to operate in and close to water. The recce's and advanced search teams are part of the EARS platoon (Engineers Advanced Reconnaissance and Search).
11 Maintenance company (aaslt).
The soldiers with the maintenance company repair motorcycles, 4x4's, trucks, armament and electronics. They are able to not only do repairs on base, but also in the field. Mechanics can apply battle damage repairs close to the frontline.
11 Supply company (aaslt).
The supply company organizes the supply of ammunition, food, water and spare parts wherever the brigade operates. There is a wide variety of vehicles available, from large trucks and forklifts to small airmobile vehicles (LSV). The company also has an important role in transporting personnel and materials to the area of operations by helicopter and manages all needed equipment to do so.
11 Geneeskundige compagnie (aaslt).
To be translated.
Voor de geneeskundige verzorging valt de brigade terug op de geneeskundige compagnie. De eenheid is 165 militairen sterk en is gelegerd in Assen, met een dependence van twee geneeskundige pelotons in Schaarsbergen. De eenheid beschikt over een compagniesstaf, logistiek peloton en 3 geneeskundige pelotons. Hierin zijn negen hulpposten en 51 geneeskundige afvoermiddelen onder gebracht. Hiermee wordt de spoedeisende, curatieve en preventieve zorg verleend aan al het personeel binnen de brigade en steun geleverd ver daarbuiten. Een groot deel van deze middelen zijn luchtmobiel transportabel.
De commando elementen van de eenheid dragen bij aan de geneeskundige besluitvorming en planning van de geneeskundige middelen in de voorbereiding en uitvoering van missies. Samen met de Sectie G Med van de brigade kunnen zij gezamenlijk een Medische Cel vormen. Het afstemmen van de tijdige evacuatie van gewonden en zieken van het moment van gewond raken tot aan een ziekenhuis in Nederland behoort tot hun taak.
Het bureau Trainen en Gereed stellen (TGS) zorgt ervoor dat het personeel van de eenheid voldoende kennis heeft en getraind is om onder de meest uiteenlopende omstandigheden hun geneeskundige taken te vervullen. In deze taak ondersteunen zij tevens het personeel van de overige eenheden van de brigade. Hiervoor heeft de eenheid trainingsfaciliteiten ter beschikking in Assen en Schaarsbergen.
Het logistieke peloton is de olie van de eenheid en zorg voor vele logistieke randvoorwaarden van de eenheid en de bevoorrading van de geneeskundige middelen voor de gehele brigade.
20 Natresbataljon.
To be translated.
Het Korps Nationale Reserve (Natres) maakt sinds 1948 deel uit van de Koninklijke Landmacht. Hoofdtaak van het korps is het bewaken en beveiligen van het Nederlandse grondgebied. De Natres bestaat uit circa 3.000 actief dienende reservisten, verdeeld over 3 regionaal georganiseerde bataljons van elk ongeveer 900 personen. De drie bataljon zijn ingedeeld bij 13 Mechbrig, 43 Mechbrig en 11 Luchtmobiele Brigade. 20 Natresbataljon bestaat uit zes compagnieën onder de brigade en verantwoordelijk voor West en Midden Nederland. De compagnieën bestaan uit circa 150 personen, gecommandeerd door een kapitein. Elke compagnie bestaat uit 4 pelotons van 35 man, geleid door een luitenant. Elk peloton bestaat uit drie groepen van ca 10 man, geleid door een sergeant.
De kerntaak van het Korps Nationale Reserve blijft het bewaken en beveiligen van het eigen grondgebied in alle denkbare scenario's. Voorbeelden hiervan zijn: 
School Grond Lucht Samenwerking.
To be translated.
De SGLS is, als Joint Organisatie Eenheid, onderdeel van het Opleidings- en Trainings Commando van de Landmacht waar militairen van alle krijgsmachtsdelen werken. De opdracht van de SGLS is het verzorgen van cursussen, voor de gehele krijgsmacht en NATO partners, in het vakgebied geintegreerd Grond-Luchtoptreden en het daar waar mogelijk ondersteunen van trainingen en/of missies op dat gebied. Om deze opdracht uit te voeren beschikt de SGLS over twee instructiegroepen, de instructiegroep Fixed Wing (vliegtuigen) en de instructiegroep Rotary Wing (helikopters).
De belangrijkste cursussen van de instructiegroep Fixed Wing zijn gericht op Airspace Control (ASC), Airspace Management (ASM) en Air Operations (AIROPS), het opleiden van Air Liaison Officers (ALO) en Ground Liaison Officers (GLO), het opleiden en trainen van Forward Air Controllers (FAC) en het opleiden van Laser Operators. De belangrijkste cursussen van de instructiegroep Rotary Wing zijn gericht op heli handling, zoals Landing Point Finders (LPF), Landing Point Commanders (LPC) en Heli Handling Instructors (HHI),
alternatieve in- en uitstijgmethodes zoals abseilen, fastropen en spie-riggen met helikopters, samenwerking met gevechtshelikopters (Close Combat Attack oftewel CCA) en het uitvoeren van de benodigde currency-checks.

</doc>
<doc id="18647562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647562" title="With Love Tumhara">
With Love Tumhara

With Love Tumhara is a Hindi movie starring Parvin Dabas, Nakul Vaid and Preeti Jhangiani.
Synopsis.
The story involves Anuradha (Preeti) and Akshay (Nakul) who are about to get married when Akshay is called for an army mission.
His friend Rahul (Dabas), also an armyman comes to their home after some days with the news of Akshay's death.
The story then revolves around Anuradha and Rahul.
They fall in love in the end but Anuradha's conscience keeps her from admitting her love for Rahul. 
In the end just as Rahul is about to leave Anuradha realises that she does love Rahul 
And she stops him and they unite

</doc>
<doc id="18647564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647564" title="Mary Batten">
Mary Batten

Mary Batten (1937, in Smithfield, Virginia, United States) is an American writer of science books for children and adults. She is also known for writing television productions, films, and magazines, and has won several awards concerning her work in these areas.
Biography.
Born in 1937 in Smithfield, Virginia, Batten grew up in a farm, where, as a child, she learnt about nature by playing in the woods and near the forest streams. Batten started writing when she was around the age of 7 or 8. In an interview, she revealed that she had wanted to become a writer since she was a child.
Batten went to University of North Carolina from 1955 to 1957. The following two years, she worked as a library clerk at New York Public Library before earning a B.A at New School for Social Research in 1959 and an M.A at Columbia University in 1962.
Batten lives with her husband, Ed Bland, who works as a composer. They have two grown children, Robert Bland, a writer, and Stefanie Batten Bland, a dancer.
Career.
Batten's writings focus mostly on environmental and natural issues, including ecology, animals, plants, etc. In order to write, she has visited many tropical rainforests, astronomical observatories, scientific laboratories, and medical research centers. Batten has confirmed that she only writes nonfiction books, and that she feels "lucky to be a science writer" because can follow [her curiosity". Although Batten does not write fiction books, her writings are influenced by fiction author Flannery O'Connor, as well as nonfiction authors Stephen Jay Gould and Edward O. Wilson. As of 2011, she has written 16 books for adults and children.
In 1992, Batten published "Sexual Strategies: How Females Choose Their Mates," which became one of her most successful books. This book, about the powerful role female mate choice plays in evolution, was released in an updated edition in 2008. "Sexual Strategies is a gem; a beautifully researched and concise introduction to animal mating systems and the clearest available account on the biology of female choice," said Sarah Blaffer Hrdy, Ph.D., Emeritus Professor of Anthropology, University of California, Davis. More information about this book can be found on the book's website, sexualstrategies.com.
In 2001, Batten published "Anthropologist: Scientist of the People", which won the 2002 "Outstanding Science Trade Book for Children citation" given by National Science Teachers Association. Several other books of hers are also recommended by National Science Teachers Association: "Who Has A Belly Button", "Aliens from Earth ", "Hey, Daddy! Animal Fathers and Their Babies", "The Winking, Blinking Sea: All about Bioluminescence". Among them, "Hey, Daddy! Animal Fathers and Their Babies", published in 2002, was named "Outstanding Science Read Aloud 2003" by American Association for the Advancement of Science. "Aliens from Earth" won the 2006 Izaak Walton League of America Conservation Book of the Year Award and was adopted by the New York City Public Schools in support of the 4th grade science requirement for the study of ecosystems.
Batten has written many nature documentaries for television, including the "Wild, Wild World of Animals" series. She also writes for National Geographic and Walt Disney Educational Films. Batten received a nomination for an Emmy Award for her work on a Children’s Television Workshop science series, "3-2-1 Contact".
Batten was editor of The Cousteau Society's award-winning magazine, "Calypso Log," from 1987 to 1993. Until 2006, she was editor-in-chief of Breastlink.org, a website dedicated to victims of breast cancer and their families.

</doc>
<doc id="18647566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647566" title="E64">
E64

E64 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18647593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647593" title="Beni Khaled">
Beni Khaled

Beni Khaled is a village of Minya Governorate in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="18647617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647617" title="BAE Systems Ampersand">
BAE Systems Ampersand

The BAE Systems Ampersand unmanned autonomous system (UAS) is an unmanned autogyro technology demonstrator, first announced at the 2008 Farnborough International Air Show.
The Ampersand is based on the RotorSport UK MT-03 autogyro, with a sensor suite derived from the BAE Herti UAV. It is capable of being flown manned, for flight test purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="18647618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647618" title="Chung-ying Cheng">
Chung-ying Cheng

Chung-ying Cheng (Chinese: 成中英) is a Chinese philosopher and professor of philosophy at the University of Hawai'i at Manoa. He received his BA in 1956 from National Taiwan University, his MA in 1958 from University of Washington, and PhD in 1964 from Harvard University. Professor Cheng's research interests are in the areas of Chinese logic, the I Ching and the origins of Chinese philosophy, Confucian and Neo-Confucian Philosophy, the onto-hermeneutics of Eastern and Western philosophy, and Chan (Zen) philosophy. Recently he has specifically worked on the philosophy of c-management and Confucian Bio-Ethics as they relate to the Chinese tradition, and on how Chinese culture relates to world culture. He serves as Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Chinese Philosophy published by Blackwell Publishers.
Articles and book chapters.
“Transforming Confucian Virtues into Human Rights: A Study of Human Agency and Potency in Confucian Ethics” in Wm deBary (Ed.) Confucianism and Human Rights. New York: Columbia University Press, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18647632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647632" title="Castle Rock (Garrison, New York)">
Castle Rock (Garrison, New York)

Castle Rock is the estate of former Illinois Central Railroad president William H. Osborn in Garrison, New York, United States. It sits on the hill of the same name, looking down on the Hudson River below. Visible from West Point across the river and traffic on NY 9D passing through Garrison, it has become one of the most recognizable man-made landmarks of the Hudson Highlands.
The Osborn family, including paleontologist Henry Fairfield Osborn and his son, conservationist Henry Fairfield Osborn, Jr, has owned and lived in it since it was built by J. Morgan Slade in 1881 as a summer residence, although the original acreage has been subdivided considerably since then. In 1977 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Most of the remaining land is now open to the public for hiking.
Property.
The rough-cut stone castle-like main house is built around a main block with a conical-roofed round tower. Porches and verandas project from many sides of the home to take advantage of the views of the river and mountains in the area. The roof is consistent red slate, with dormers of differing shapes and sizes scattered throughout. One gable to the east uses dressed stone, in contrast with the rest of the building. A north wing with library and extra bedrooms was added later. Four interior chimneys are within the mansion.
There are several outbuildings and other structures on the original property that are included as contributing resources. To the northeast, on the mountain's summit, is Woodsome Lodge, a rustic log cabin with its own views of the Highlands. The estate's spring-fed wooden water tank is also nearby. A stone arch bridge was added at the same time as the library wing. Stone was also used for a -story gatehouse along the winding driveway leading up to the house from Cat Rock Road (NY 403).
Buildings that predate the estate are also included. A -story farmhouse known locally as Wing & Wing, built some years before it was expanded into a contemporary cottage in 1858, is near Route 9D on the open meadows between the road and the hill. Also there is a barn-and-farmhouse complex, with nearby shingled home, built by other landowners at the end of the 19th century. A small guest cottage was later built on a separate property.
Another Osborn-estate–related property, The Birches, is at the very corner of Routes 9D and 403. It was used by Osborn's sons after their weddings, and is listed separately on the National Register, but was not formally part of the estate.
History.
In 1855 Osborn, who had been one of the charter officers of the Illinois Central two years earlier, visited the Highlands to take in the fresh air and scenic beauty of the area. He enjoyed his visit so much that he decided to buy the property where Castle Rock and its associated properties now stands. He and his family spent summers in Wing and Wing until the castle was completed the year before he retired from the railroad industry as president of the Chicago, St. Louis and New Orleans Railroad. He lived there until his death in 1894, devoting his time and money to philanthropic activities in New York.
It was inherited by his son Henry Fairfield Osborn. Since it was intended as a retirement house, it needed to expanded to accommodate the younger Osborn's wife and family. The library wing was added in 1906; most of Osborn's paleontological papers were written at Castle Rock.
Osborn also made other improvements to the property, including Woodsome Lodge, and other wings that doubled the size of the original castle. Most of these were architecturally sympathetic to Slade's original design, and there has been little change to it since then. In 1974, William Henry Osborn II, one of Henry Fairfield's younger sons, donated the southern portion of the property, which includes Sugarloaf Hill, to the State Parks Council for eventual inclusion in Hudson Highlands State Park. In the late 1970s, after the property was listed on the Register, New York's Department of Environmental Conservation bought of the former estate, including the meadows along Route 9D, and opened it to the public as the Castle Rock Unique Area. Hiking trails now lead through it and up the mountain; however the house property remains private.

</doc>
<doc id="18647651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647651" title="Battlestations!">
Battlestations!

Battlestations! is a "" novel written by Diane Carey.
Plot.
Lt. Commander Piper is taking a vacation from Star Fleet following the events of the novel "Dreadnought!" in which she prevented a military coup from taking over the Federation. However she is swept up into intrigue when Captain Kirk is arrested for the theft of transwarp drive, a new technology which could radically shift the balance of power across the galaxy. Piper, Commander Spock, and Dr. McCoy attempt to solve the mystery as the major powers of the galaxy scramble for the new technology.

</doc>
<doc id="18647652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647652" title="USS Larch (AN-21)">
USS Larch (AN-21)

USS "Larch" (AN-21/YN-16) was an "Aloe"-class net laying ship which was assigned to serve the U.S. Navy during World War II with her protective anti-submarine nets.
Built in West Virginia.
"Larch" (YN-16) was laid down 18 October 1940 by Marietta Manufacturing Company, Point Pleasant, West Virginia; launched 2 July 1941; and placed in service 13 December 1941, Lt. C. B. Coale, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
After shakedown, "Larch" was assigned to the 3d Naval District and operated on antisubmarine warfare (ASW) patrol out of New York harbor. Departing New York City 12 April 1942, the net tender arrived Trinidad, 2 weeks later for patrol and net laying operations in the West Indies.
"Larch" was placed in full commission at Trinidad 13 December 1942 Lt. C. C. Dilcer in command and was reclassified "AN-21" on 20 January 1944. Playing a small but vital role, she laid, maintained, and removed anti-torpedo and antisubmarine nets in the West Indies throughout World War II. On 10 January 1945, "Larch" helped salvage a Pan American Clipper which had crashed in the Gulf of Paria, Venezuela, recovering six bodies and the plane fuselage.
Post-war decommissioning.
Departing Trinidad 25 September, "Larch" steamed toward Norfolk, Virginia, arriving there 12 October. She operated out of Norfolk until she decommissioned there 28 June 1946. She was struck from the Navy List 5 March 1947, and transferred to Turkey under the Military Assistance Program 10 May 1948. She served the Turkish Navy as "AG-4 (P-304").

</doc>
<doc id="18647671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647671" title="E91">
E91

E91 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18647679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647679" title="E93">
E93

E93 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18647684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647684" title="Mandarthi">
Mandarthi

Mandarthi is a Hindu holy place located 25 km north to Udupi in the Udupi District of Karnataka state, India. The Goddess Sri Durgaparameshwari Temple resides here. The name derives from 'Manda-Aarathi' from Kannada, meaning the holy light.
History.
Shree Durga holds a prominent place within the higher echelons of the Hindu pantheon but the worship of Sri Durga Paramesvari at Mandarthi a hamlet to the north of Udupi offers many fascinating contrasts. A Dhvajasthamba has been set up in front of the temple but no Dhvajarohana takes place. Mari pooja is observed in the temple along with agamic worship of devi including chandi homa and Navarathri. Folk traditions like walking on fire, animal sacrifice near the midst of a forest with a snake pit, which later acquired the form of a wooden image. Durga Paramesvari is now a stone image with all her conventional attributes but at the same time is poetically praised as a Sarpa Sundari. In short, this harmony of indigenous and Brahma cultures has created a deep solidarity amongst the various hierarchical groups of the Hindu society
The Sthala Purana has woven these religious perceptions and notions into a legend according to which live naga kanyas (serpent maidens) by name Devarathi, Nagarathi, Charurathi, Mandarathi and Neelarathi are cursed by Nandi to remain unmarried and to suffer in a forest fire. Subsequently a rash behavior on their nart subjects them to another curse by a sage called Vyagrapada that they would be entangled in a bamboo grove. Their prayers to siva and Parvati to overcome these curses are answered in the form of a savior called Devavarma the king of Avanthi who rescues the serpents form a blazing fire using a bamboo basket. He later releases these maidens into the places of their choice and while the first three serpents crawl back into their pits, Mandarthi is deified acquiring fame day by day. Devavarma marries Jalajakshi who is coveted by Mahisa, born of Malini a Kirata girl and Vyagarapada Risi. The demon chases Jalajakshi to the palace; a battle ensues between him and the king in which huge snake pits swallow all the an of Mahisa. At the behest of Risis, the king prays to Devi and she ultimately kills the demon with the help of Virabhadra, Hayguli, Kalkuda and Bobbarya. In doing so, she also calls upon Chamundi to kill all the Rakshasas and Vyag to kill glants hidden in animal boing. This legend accounts for the shrines of hayguli, Kalkuda, Bobbarya and Chamundi around the sanctum of Durga Parameshwari as her Parivara Devathas. Also,the temple and the goddess Durga Parameshwari is mostly worshipped by people of Udupi, Shimoga and Chikkamagalore District. 
Festivals.
The temple celebrates Navarathri in a grand scale with chandihoma on all nine days. A five day mathothsava in Makara Masa and Jatra in the month of Kumba are annual and important events while Darshan of Virabhadra and Kalkuda every Friday draws devotees like a magnet. Kenda seve (walking on fire) in front of hayguli and huli devaru is considered to safrguard Mangalya Bhagya (longevity of husband) of the married woman. The various cultural and religious activities and in particular the Yakshagana conducted in the premises of Mandarthi temple reflect the dedication and devotion of the people in continuing the rich traditions of the region.
Language.
Kundapura Kannada is the most widely spoken languages in Mandarthi. 
Climate.
The climate in Mandarthi is hot in summers and pretty good in winter. In Summers(from march to May) temperature goes up to 40°C and in winters (from December to February) 32°C to 20°C.
Monsoon period During June to September rainfall is average with Heavy winds.
Nearest airport.
Mangalore (Bajpe) Airport is located at a distance of 75 km from the temple

</doc>
<doc id="18647687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647687" title="Frank Shellenback">
Frank Shellenback

Frank Victor Shellenback (December 16, 1898 – August 17, 1969) was an American pitcher, pitching coach, and scout in Major League Baseball. As a pitcher, he was famous as an expert spitballer when the pitch was still legal in organized baseball; however, because Shellenback, then 21, was on a minor league roster when the spitball was outlawed after the 1919 season, he was banned from throwing the pitch in the Major Leagues. As a result, Shellenback spent 19 years (1920–1938) — the remainder of his active career — throwing the spitball legally in the Pacific Coast League. He won a record 295 PCL games.
Relegated to minors by 1919 spitball ban.
Shellenback was a native of Joplin, Missouri, and grew up in Los Angeles, California. He threw and batted right-handed and stood (188 cm) tall and weighed 200 pounds (91 kg). He became a professional baseball player during World War I and was acquired by the Chicago White Sox at age 19 during the 1918 season. In 36 American League games during 1918–1919, Shellenback won 11 games and lost 15, with an earned run average of 3.06 in 218 innings pitched. He appeared in his last MLB game on July 5, 1919, before his contract was transferred to the Minneapolis Millers of the American Association. Although Shellenback posted a 7–3 record there, because of the spitball ban (and his minor league status), he would never again pitch in the Majors.
Minneapolis sent Shellenback to the Vernon Tigers of the Pacific Coast League at the close of the 1919 campaign, and Shellenback began his long career in the circuit. He would hurl for Vernon, the Sacramento Solons, Hollywood Stars, and San Diego Padres, and win more than 20 games five times, with two 18-game and three 19-game winning seasons as well. All told, as a minor league pitcher, Shellenback won 315 games and lost 192 (for a winning percentage of .621), with an ERA of 3.55 over 4,514 innings. Shellenback's long tenure with Los Angeles-based teams even led to a brief movie career; he had roles in the films "Fireman, Save My Child" (1932) and "Alibi Ike" (1935).
Manager, coach and longtime scout.
Shellenback had a long career as a manager, coach, and scout as well. In 1935, still an active pitcher, he took over the managerial reins of the Stars and moved with them to San Diego the following season. There, in 1936, he helped discover and groom one of the greatest hitters of all time, Ted Williams, who signed with the Padres as a 17-year-old pitcher-outfielder out of San Diego's Hoover High School. Williams was soon acquired by the Boston Red Sox, while Shellenback remained manager of the Padres through 1938, winning the 1937 PCL championship.
He then became a pitching coach for the St. Louis Browns (1939), Red Sox (1940–1944), Detroit Tigers (1946–1947), and New York Giants (1950–1955), working on two pennant winners and one World Series champion with the Giants of Leo Durocher. During this time, Shellenback was elected to the Pacific Coast League Hall of Fame in 1943.
Shellenback became a Giants scout in 1956 and continued in that role until his death at age 70 in Newton, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18647708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647708" title="Alireza Azizi">
Alireza Azizi

Alireza Azizi () born January 12, 1950 in Abadan is a retired Iranian footballer.
He started his professional career in Homa, where he could reach the third place in the Iranian league in 1975. Afterwards he changed to Persepolis F.C., where he could win the Iranian championship in 1976 and reach the runner-up position in 1977 and in 1978. After the Iranian Revolution he remained playing for Persepolis winning the Iranian nationwide tournament Espandi Cup before changing to Bank Melli F.C..
He was a member of the Iranian squad competing in the football tournament of the Olympic Tournament in Munich in 1972, winning the Asia Cup 1976 in Tehran and reaching the quarterfinals of the Olympic Tournament in Montreal in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18647713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647713" title="Haiyang Nuclear Power Plant">
Haiyang Nuclear Power Plant

Two units at the Haiyang Nuclear Power Plant are under construction in Haiyang, Shandong province, China. , it was planned to go online in late 2014 and will be the second site to house AP1000 units, after the Sanmen Nuclear Power Plant.
History.
Groundbreaking happened one month ahead of schedule on July 30, 2008. Construction of the first unit began in September 2009. Civil construction of Unit 1 was completed 29 March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18647715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647715" title="Hotwire (band)">
Hotwire (band)

Hotwire was an American alternative rock/punk rock band from Newbury Park, California.
History.
Hotwire's members met at Newbury Park High School; after recording a few demos, they scored slots opening dates of bands, Will Haven, Strife, Hoobastank, and Audiovent but also garnered large support at the Troubadour in Los Angeles with an extended residency spanning 6 months. They signed with RCA Records in December 2000, they continued to tour taking slots supporting such diverse acts as Mogwai, Ben Harper, Iggy Pop and The Stooges, Björk, Darkest Hour, Bloodlet, Wu Tang Clan, Poison The Well, Killswitch Engage, The Dillinger Escape Plan, and Atreyu. They released a four-track EP in 2002 before issuing their full-length "The Routine" in the summer of 2003. They followed the release of the album with a slot on the Ozzfest tour that year as well as making time for the Fuji Rock Festival in Japan. A single from the album, "Not Today", was a hit on American rock radio, peaking at No. 40 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart. The band broke up soon after the Ozzfest tour despite accumulating much new material but citing both mismanagement of funds by their management and personal reasons.
Members.
Gabriel, Rus and Brian are now under Coming Home Records and all participate in their projects.
Gabriel owns Everyday Heaven recording studio.
Discography.
There was also a never released version of "The Routine" album, which was recorded during sessions in 2001/2002 and was to be released in 2002. The release of this version of the album was canceled because of creative differences between the label (RCA), producer (Dave Jerden) and the Band's creative vision. Only four songs from this record later appeared on the Band's releases: 
All other songs were turned down and whole album was re-recorded in late 2002 with different track list and then released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18647717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647717" title="Rogério Santos">
Rogério Santos

Rogério Santos may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18647758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647758" title="Muzzle Loading Associations International Committee">
Muzzle Loading Associations International Committee

The Muzzle-Loading Associations International Committee (MLAIC) is the world governing body for competition with muzzle loading fireararms.
History.
The 2008 World Championships were held 11–16 August 2008 in Adelaide, Australia.
The 2012 World Championships were hosted by Germany, the 2013 Championships to be hosted by Austria and the 2014 Championships by South Africa.
Member nations.
The European Zone consists of Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Hungary, Italy, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, and Switzerland. Russia and Ireland have applied for membership.
The Pacific Zone consists of Argentina, Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, South Africa, and the United States.
Correspondent nations are Brazil, Croatia, Greece, and Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18647771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647771" title="Simplicius, Constantius and Victorinus">
Simplicius, Constantius and Victorinus

Simplicius, Constantius and Victorinus ("Victorian(us)") () are venerated as Christian martyrs of the 2nd century. Simplicius, was, according to tradition, a Christian of the Abruzzi region who was executed along with his two sons, Constantius and Victorian, during the reign of Marcus Aurelius. Their "Passio" contains all of the tropes of the genre. It is believed that the martyrdoms are genuine but that the three martyrs were not necessarily related to one another, but were executed together at Marsica. 
The earliest source on their life actually dates from a "Passio" of 1406. The "Passio" states that Simplicius and his entire family, natives of Bourgogne, were baptized by Saint Januarius (not, according to Antonio Borrelli, the famous saint of Naples) during the reign of Antoninus Pius (138-161). Gaudentia, the wife of Simplicius, became a nun and withdrew to a monastery, while Simplicius and his two sons Constantius and Victorinus preached on behalf of their new religion. Pontius, the prefect in Gaul, was ordered to arrest all Christians; Simplicius and his two sons were arrested and led in front of the court, where they preached the Trinity and the Absolution. They were flogged and sent to Rome in order to be condemned to death.
According to the legend, during the journey, the saints cured a child of blindness. At Rome, they wished to visit the tombs of Saints Peter and Paul, but the guards prohibited this. However, God liberated them from their chains, allowing them to make the pilgrimage to the tombs with a group of Christians. The pilgrimage resulted in a fight erupting between the Christians and pagans; the pagans suffered many losses. The three saints were once again arrested and brought to Antoninus Pius at Marsica.
In the presence of the emperor, the three saints refused to abjure their faith, and were tossed into a chamber filled with snakes and scorpions, but they emerged unharmed due to the intercession of an angel. They were then condemned to be torn apart by four maddened heifers, but these beasts refused to move. Finally, on August 26, 159, they were beheaded at Celano, at a spot called "Aureum fontem" ("Golden Springs"), identified by the writer of the "Passio" as the future site of the church of San Giovanni Vecchio in Celano, with the spring eventually becoming known as "S. Ioannis in capite acquae".
After the death of the three saints, an earthquake shook the town and one of the executioners was converted to Christianity, with the deacon named Florentius, a witness to the event, writing down and passing down the news of their deaths.
Veneration.
Evidence of their cult in the Marsica region can be found as early as the 11th century, when Bishop Pandolphus (Pandolfo) received a letter from Pope Stephen IX in 1057, which recognized the authenticity of the relics of the three martyrs, which were found underneath the principal altar of San Giovanni Vecchio, anciently the Collegiata di Celano. Frederick II destroyed the city in 1222, exiling all of its male inhabitants to Malta and Sicily. When the city was rebuilt on the Hill of San Vittorino, the relics were translated to the chapel of the new church there, on June 10, 1406, which occasioned the writing of the aforementioned "Passio".
Their names were inserted into the "Roman Martyrology" under August 26 in 1630.

</doc>
<doc id="18647773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647773" title="Liam Sammon">
Liam Sammon

Liam Sammon (born 1946 in Galway, Ireland) is a former Irish Gaelic football manager and former player. He played football with his local clubs Father Griffins and Salthill-Knocknacarra and was a member of the Galway senior inter-county team from 1966 until 1979. Sammon later served as manager of the Galway senior inter-county team from 2007 until 2009.
Playing career.
Minor & under-21.
Sammon first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Galway minor football team in the early 1960s. It was an unsuccessful period for 'the Tribesmen' as arch-rivals Mayo dominated the provincial series of games.
Sammon later progressed onto the Galway under-21 football team where success was also a rarity. In 1965 he lined out in the provincial under-21 decider with Mayo providing the opposition. An exciting game developed over the cours eof the hour. At the final whistle Galway recorded a narrow 3-9 to 1-13 victory and Sammon collected a Connacht under-21 title. His side were defeated in the subsequent All-Ireland semi-final.
Senior.
Sammon joined the Galway senior inter-county team as a nineteen year-old in 1966. That year the team set out to make history by winning a third consecutive All-Ireland title in succession. After booking their place in the Connacht decider, Mayo gave them a scare. In a tight match Galway secured a 0-12 to 1-8 victory and a first Connacht senior winners' medal. The westerners only had two points to spare over Cork in the All-Ireland semi-final, reaching their fourth consecutive championship final, this time with Meath providing the opposition. It was Sammon's first championship decider as the fortunes of the two counties contrasted greatly. Galway were looking for a third All-Ireland title in-a-row, while Meath were looking for their third All-Ireland title ever. In a disappointing game Galway’s Mattie McDonagh scored the only goal when a long clearance found him unmarked at the edge of the Meath square. At half-time Meath trailed by 1-6 to 0-1. They fought back after the interval; however, Galway won their three-in-a-row by 1-10 to 0-7. It was Sammon's first All-Ireland winners’ medal.
Galway failed to achieve four-in-a-row as Sammon's side were defeated in the early stages of the provincial championship in 1967. The team regrouped and qualified for the provincial decider again in 1968. Reigning champions Mayo were the opponents and a tough game developed between the closest of neighbours and the greatest of rivals. At the full-time whistle Galway were the champions by 2-10 to 2-9 and Sammons added a second provincial winners’ medal to his collection. There would be no subsequent All-Ireland final appearance as soon-to-be champions Down narrowly defeated Galway in the semi-final.
In 1969 Galway exited the championship at the hands of Mayo in the Connacht final after a draw and a replay. Sammon's side was back in the provincial final again in 1970, this time with Roscommon providing the opposition in the first eighty-minute decider. ‘The Rossies’ were no match for Sammon's side as Galway won comfortably by 2-15 to 1-8. There was little joy in the subsequent All-Ireland semi-final as Meath put Galway to the sword by 0-15 to 0-11.
In 1971 Sammon was honoured by being appointed captain of the Galway team. The westerners retained their Connacht title that year but not without some difficulty. Sligo were the opponents and held Sammon's side to a 2-15 apiece draw. The replay was a more conclusive affair but only just. The game looked to be heading for another replay, however, Galway pulled it out of the fire and secured a narrow1-17 to 3-10 victory. It was Sammon's fourth Connacht winners’ medal. A second All-Ireland final appearance beckoned with Offaly lining out in opposition. An exciting and close game developed over the course of the eighty minutes. A Murt Connor goal gave Offaly a lead; however, Galway’s Séamus Leyden scored an equalizing goal almost immediately. Offaly tacked on three more points to secure a 1-14 to 2-8 win and a famous first All-Ireland title. In spite of this defeat Sammon was later included on the very first GAA All-Star team.
Galway surrendered their provincial title at an early stage in 1972, however, Sammon was appointed captain again in 1973. That year his side faced Mayo in the Connacht decider. A high-scoring 1-17 to 2-12 score line gave Galway the win and gave Sammon a fifth Connacht title. After an absence of seven years the westerners were back in the All-Ireland final. Cork provided the opposition and a classic game of football developed. Jimmy Barry-Murphy scored the first of his two goals after just two minutes to give Cork the initiative. Jimmy Barrett scored the third of Cork's goals as a tally of 2-13 was not enough to save Sammon's side. A seven-point deficit resulted in another All-Ireland final defeat for Sammon. A second All-Star award quickly followed.
In 1974 Galway retained their Connacht title. A 2-14 to 0-8 trouncing of Roscommon gave Sammon his sixth provincial winners' medal. For the second year in succession and for the third time in four years, Galway lined out in the All-Ireland championship decider. Dublin were the opponents on that occasion. The men fom the west took a 1-4 to 0-5 lead at half-time, however, the real turning point of the game came in the 52nd minute. Galway were awarded a penalty which Sammon stepped up to take. Goalkeeper Paddy Cullen made no mistake and saved the shot. 'The Dub's' later went on to take the lead as Galway collapsed. A 0-14 to 1-6 score line resulted in a demoralising third All-Ireland defeat for Sammon.
An early exit from the championship was Galway's lot in 1975, however, the team bounced back in 1976. A 1-8 apiece draw was the result of the Connacht final against Roscommon. The replay was far more conclusive with Sammon collecting a seventh provincial winners' medal after a 1-14 to 0-9 victory. The Galway revival was short-lived as Sammon's side were subsequently defeated by Dublin in the All-Ireland semi-final.
The end of the 1970s belonged to Roscommon in the provincial championship. Back-to-back Connacht final defeats in 1977 and 1978 were followed by an early exit from the championship in 1979. This defeat brought Sammon's inter-county career to an end.
Managerial career.
2008 Championship.
"All-Ireland Senior Football Championship 2008"
In September 2007, Sammon was confirmed as the new Galway senior football boss, receiving a three-year term and succeeding Peter Ford in the hot seat. His appointment meant that Galway had a native in charge of their premier football team for the first time in almost 10 years. Sammon is the second oldest inter-county manager on the scene at the moment after Mick O'Dwyer. Sammon’s backroom team includes former Galway defender Richie Fahey, Dunmore McHales Tom Ryder and another former county player, Jimmy O’Dea, of Tuam Stars.
On 19 May 2008, Galway won Connacht Senior Football Championship first round clash against Roscommon at Pearse Stadium by a comfortable 2-16 to 0-06 scoreline. Sammon said "I didn’t think we would win by so much. I would have settled for one or two points, I thought that’s how close it would be." after the match. Their semi-final clash against Leitrim also at Pearse Stadium, saw Galway win by 2-14 to 1-13. Sammon wasn’t entirely satisfied with Galway's performance and felt there was plenty of room for improvement ahead of the Connacht final against Mayo. "Goals are so important and they win games. We were fortunate when we got two and were disappointed that we gave one away. We were giving away goals in the early away goals in the early rounds of the league and we worked on stopping that, so we’re not happy."
On 13 July 2008, Galway won their 44th Connacht SFC after beating Mayo by 2-12 to 1-14 in a provincial decider at McHale Park. Sammon warmly greeted the victory after the final. ""Any time you can win, it certainly stands to you, particularly down here in Castlebar. It is a very difficult places to win in,"" he said.
In the quarter-finals, Galway played reigning All-Ireland Champions Kerry. A spirited performance from the Tribesmen was not enough as Kerry won by 5 points, 1-21 to 1-16. Sammon said after the match, ""Kerry were brilliant today. They just proved what a great team they are. Any team that is going for three-in-a-row deserves the respect and plaudits that they get. Looking back, I think that it has been a successful year for Galway as we brought on a number of young players. I felt at one stage when we got the goal that if we had pressed forward and gotten a point or two more, we might have gone ahead. But that is the sign of a great team — any time they are under pressure that they are able to come back and score"". In his assessment of Galways season, he added ""Looking back, I think that it has been a successful year for Galway as we brought on a number of young players.""

</doc>
<doc id="18647810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647810" title="George Lindbeck">
George Lindbeck

George Arthur Lindbeck (born 1923) is an American Lutheran theologian. He is best known as an ecumenicist and as one of the fathers of postliberal theology.
__TOC__
Early life and education.
Lindbeck was born in 1923 in Luoyang, China, the son of American Lutheran missionaries. Raised in that country and in Korea for the first seventeen years of his life, he was often sickly as a child and found himself often isolated from the world around himself. 
He attended Gustavus Adolphus College, graduating with a BA in 1943. He went on to do graduate work at Yale University, receiving his BD in 1946. After his undergraduate work he spent a year at the Pontifical Institute of Medieval Studies with Étienne Gilson in Toronto then two years at the Ecole Pratique des Hautes Études with Paul Vignaux in Paris. He earned his PhD from Yale in 1955 concentrating on medieval studies, delivering a dissertation on Franciscan theologian John Duns Scotus.
Work.
Lindbeck first gained attention as a medievalist and as a participant in ecumenical discussions in academia and the church. He was a "delegate observer" to the Second Vatican Council and since that time he has been an important part of ecumenical dialogue, especially between Lutherans and Roman Catholics. From 1968 to 1987 he was a member of the Joint Commission between the Vatican and Lutheran World Federation. In 1994, Lindbeck spoke at length about his memories of Vatican II with George Weigel, and a transcript of his interview with Weigel was published in the December 1994 edition of First Things.
His best-known work is "", published in 1984. It was widely influential and is one of the key works in the formation and founding of postliberal theology.
He was appointed to the Yale Divinity School faculty in 1952 before his studies were finished, and remained there until his retirement in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18647815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647815" title="Johnny Lee (computer scientist)">
Johnny Lee (computer scientist)

Johnny Chung Lee is a Human-Computer Interaction researcher currently working at Google. Lee is best known for his work on Kinect development, extending the functionality of the Wii Remote controller of the Wii video game console, most notably by taking advantage of its high resolution IR camera. 
Lee's other projects include an interactive whiteboard, 3D head tracking, finger tracking, and a DIY telepresence robot. 
Lee completed his Ph.D. at Carnegie Mellon University's Human-Computer Interaction Institute, and was named one of the world's top 35 innovators under 35 (TR35) in 2008. YouTube videos created for Lee's projects have received almost 10 million views, with the Wii Remote head tracking project being the most highly rated video on YouTube of all time for more than a week in January 2008. He also demonstrated several of these applications at events such as TED, and has been featured on popular websites such as Slashdot, Gizmodo, hackedgadgets, Popular Science, Wired Blogs and Engadget several times. Various magazine, newspapers and television programs have featured interviews with Lee as well. Lee has also made invited appearances at events such as Maker Faire.
Electronic Arts had initially stated that Lee's Wii Remote head tracking technology would appear as an Easter egg in the game "Boom Blox", but later announced that the feature had been removed.
While Lee was a core member of Microsoft's Kinect development team, he approached Adafruit with the idea of a driver development contest and personally financed it.

</doc>
<doc id="18647856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647856" title="Jonathan Barnes (disambiguation)">
Jonathan Barnes (disambiguation)

Jonathan Barnes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18647875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647875" title="God Save the Queen (band)">
God Save the Queen (band)

God Save the Queen () is an Argentine Queen tribute-band formed in 1998. The band's members are: Pablo Padin (vocals), Francisco Calgaro (guitar), Matias Albornoz (drums) and Ezequiel Tibaldo (bass).
The band takes their name from the United Kingdom's national anthem which was played on tape at the end of every Queen show while the band took their bows.
Overview.
God Save the Queen was formed in 1998, in the city of Rosario as Argentina's first four piece Queen tribute. 
The band's stage performance, including costumes and stage presence, resembles Queen's during the 1980s. The band has been noted for their faithful imitation of Queen in fashion and sound 
Touring.
Over the last five years, God Save the Queen has played in several big venues and arenas, including Luna Park Stadium in Buenos Aires and Montreux, Switzerland. In 2005, they took their act to the United Kingdom, Germany and India. During this tour, the band billed themselves as ""Argentina's Greatest Tribute to Queen"" When asked about their 2005 tour, Drummer Matias Albornoz said, "“I think it was a success, the music broke down the language barrier.”" In 2006, on the 25 year anniversary of Queen’s first concert in Argentina, they performed using the precise setlist, clothing, and stage antics Queen used in 1981 (when members of the band saw Queen live at the same venue)

</doc>
<doc id="18647880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647880" title="Rogério de Almeida Florindo dos Santos">
Rogério de Almeida Florindo dos Santos

Rogério de Almeida Florindo dos Santos (born 24 August 1987 in Araras) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for FBK Kaunas.
Rogério played for clubs in São Paulo state except followed Roma moved to Paraná state.

</doc>
<doc id="18647887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647887" title="Bofors 75 mm Model 1934">
Bofors 75 mm Model 1934

The Bofors 75 mm Model 1934 was a mountain gun produced in Sweden by Bofors and sold abroad widely. The Model 1934 was used by Germany, Belgium, The Netherlands and China in World War II. Germany bought a small number of guns (12) for evaluation and training before the war and designated them as the 7.5 cm Gebirgshaubitze 34. Belgian guns, known by them as the Canon de 75 mle 1934, captured by Germany were designated as 7.5 cm Gebirgskanone 228(b). The later model 1936 was purchased by Bulgaria.
Design.
The Netherlands purchased a pack loadable version for their colonial-army in the Dutch East Indies, a region covered by thick forests and mountains. The pack loadable version could be broken down into eight mule loads or towed by a four horse team, with a further six mules to carry ammunition and other supplies. The Dutch guns were used briefly during the Dutch East Indies campaign in 1941-42.
The model purchase by Belgium was not a pack gun and was equipped for towing by motor transport. The Belgian model had a one-piece box-trail that was hinged to fold upwards to reduce towing length and was equipped with steel disc wheels with rubber tires.
Sources differ on specifications, but data from Gander & Chamberlain is presumed to be more accurate and is presented above.

</doc>
<doc id="18647902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647902" title="Silvio Benítez">
Silvio Benítez

Domingo Silvio Benítez Alfonso (born 3 November 1935 in Tacumbú, Paraguay) is a former football goalkeeper, basketball player and coach.
Career.
He started his career at Presidente Hayes from his hometown, Tacumbú. Afterwards he moved to C.A. River Plate of Asunción. In 1965 he went to Chile to play for Ferrobadmington where he won the Primera B league. After two years in América de Cali he returned to Paraguay to play in Sportivo Luqueño and end his career.
Benítez also played basketball for Presidente Hayes for a few years.
As a coach he managed the following football teams: Presidente Hayes (1972 and 1973), Sportivo San Lorenzo, Club 12 de Octubre and 12 de Junio (Liga Chaqueña).

</doc>
<doc id="18647913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647913" title="Eric Mercer">
Eric Mercer

Eric Arthur John Mercer (6 December 1917 - 8 November 2003) was an Anglican bishop in the Church of England. He was the first Bishop of Birkenhead from 1965 to 1973 and, from then until his retirement, the Bishop of Exeter. 
Mercer was educated at Dover Grammar School for Boys and Kelham Theological College. After wartime service with the Sherwood Foresters he began his ordained ministry as a curate at Coppenhall. In 1951 he was appointed priest in charge of Heald Green and then became rector of St Thomas' Church, Stockport and, from 1959 (his final appointment before his ordination to the episcopate), the Diocese of Chester's diocesan missioner. In 1973 he was translated to be the Bishop of Exeter. He died in retirement, at Chilmark, Wiltshire, aged 85.

</doc>
<doc id="18647914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647914" title="Fineman">
Fineman

Fineman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18647923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647923" title="Giuseppe Bellocco">
Giuseppe Bellocco

Giuseppe Bellocco (Rosarno, February 22, 1948) is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta. He is the capobastone of the Bellocco 'ndrina from Rosarno in Calabria. He was a fugitive since 1997 and included in the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy until his capture in July 2007.
The Bellocco clan is one of the most powerful groups in the 'Ndrangheta. Activities ranged from drug trafficking, extortion and the control of nearly all commercial businesses in the Gioia Tauro plain. Jointly with the Pesce clan and in collaboration with the Piromalli-Molè 'ndrina they controlled the public contracts for the construction of the container terminal in the port of Gioia Tauro.
Bellocco’s criminal career goes back to 1974 when he was arrested for extortion and theft. He headed the clan after the arrest of his cousin Gregorio Bellocco in February 2005. 
He was arrested in the company of his wife on July 16, 2007, in an underground bunker concealed below a manger in farmhouse near Rosarno. He was presiding over a meeting of the 'Ndrangheta. Special police units, supported by three helicopters, surrounded the farmhouse knowing that Bellocco was inside. When they broke into the building they found eight others and no sign of their main target. A two-hour search eventually led to the discovery of Bellocco's hideout.

</doc>
<doc id="18647933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647933" title="Simosyrphus grandicornis">
Simosyrphus grandicornis

Simosyrphus grandicornis is an Australasian species of hoverfly, and is one of the two most common hoverflies in Australia, alongside "Melangyna viridiceps". It has been introduced to a number of Polynesian Islands and Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="18647941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647941" title="Judith Wallerstein">
Judith Wallerstein

Judith Wallerstein (December 27, 1921 – June 18, 2012) was a psychologist and researcher who created a 25-year study on the effects of divorce on the children involved.
Criticism.
Wallerstein's study exclusively examined middle-class Californians whose participants were pre-selected for therapy and psycho-analysis.
She influenced a California court on child relocation, and was criticized by Richard A. Gardner.

</doc>
<doc id="18647947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647947" title="Assia El Hannouni">
Assia El Hannouni

Assia El Hannouni, born May 30, 1981 in Dijon, is a French track and field athlete who specialises in the 800 metres Paralympic sprint. She has Retinitis pigmentosa which means that she is almost blind, with less than one tenth vision in her left eye, and zero in her right eye. She also runs against athletes without disabilities, in 800m sprint events.
Representing her country at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, she won four gold medals, winning the 100m, 200m, 400m and 800m sprints, and breaking the world record in each event.
She represented France again at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, and was the country's flagbearer during the Games' opening ceremony. She won silver in the 800m sprint (T13/12) with a time of 2’4’’96, before winning silver in the 1500m, and gold in both the 200m and 400m sprints.
In 2007, she set a new world record in the women's 800 metre sprint in her disability category, with a time of 2’6’’76. The same year, she competed against non-disabled athletes in the 800 metres at the French national indoors championships, finishing fifth.
As of 2007, El Hannouni is studying journalism at the "Institut national du sport et de l'éducation physique" (National Institute of Sport and Physical Education).
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18647962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647962" title="We Ate the Machine">
We Ate the Machine

We Ate the Machine is the eighth full-length studio album from Japanese new-wave act Polysics. The album was released in April 2008 in Japan and in September 2008 in the U.S.
The album includes the singles "Pretty Good" and "Rocket".

</doc>
<doc id="18647965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647965" title="Cape Hedo">
Cape Hedo

, or Hedo Point, is the northernmost point on Okinawa Island, located within Kunigami Village. A cape jutting out north from the island, it faces the South China Sea on the west, and the Pacific Ocean on the east. On a particularly clear day, the island of Yoron (Yoronjima) in Kagoshima Prefecture can be seen on the horizon. Yoron Island is located approximately to the north.
Cape Hedo is part of Okinawa Dai Sekirinzan Quasi-National Park, a prefectural park established in 1965 and re-established with the reversion of Okinawa to Japan in 1972.
In the "Shōhō Kuniezu", a kuniezu, or series of Japanese provincial land maps created during the Edo period (1603 – 1868), Cape Hedo appears as "Heto misaki", or "Cape Heto". The expedition of Commodore Perry (1794 – 1858) visited Cape Hedo and recorded it as "Cape Hope" in his "Narrative of the Expedition of an American Squadron to the China Seas and Japan". The "Nihon Suiroshi", a pilot guide first issued in 1892, records that the cape is also known as Cape Kunigami and is commonly used as a nautical landmark.
The site has become a tourist destination, both for its geographic location, and for the monument erected there commemorating the end of US Occupation and return of Okinawa to Japanese sovereignty. The monument is popularly seen as a photo opportunity by tourists; as tourism to the site has grown, a number of restaurants, souvenir shops, and other tourist facilities have appeared near the site.
According to legends of Okinawan history, Okinawan king Gihon (r. c.1248-1260) fled the capital after abdicating the throne and disappeared into the forest. He is said to have last been seen at the cliffs of Hedo Point (Hedo-misaki), the northernmost point on Okinawa Island.
See also.
Tourism in Japan

</doc>
<doc id="18647974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647974" title="Simosyrphus">
Simosyrphus

Simosyrphus is a genus of hoverfly.

</doc>
<doc id="18647984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647984" title="Simulations Plus">
Simulations Plus

Simulations Plus, Inc. develops absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion, and toxicity (ADMET) modeling and simulation software for the pharmaceutical and biotechnology, industrial chemicals, cosmetics, food ingredients, and herbicide industries.
Software programs.
The company has produced specific proprietary software products, such as:
As of February 15, 2013, all of the top 20 pharmaceutical companies, along with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the National Institutes of Health (NIH), and the National Cancer Institute (NCI) license the company's software.

</doc>
<doc id="18647992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18647992" title="James Larkin (actor)">
James Larkin (actor)

James Larkin (born 17 March 1963, Surrey) is an English actor, most notable for his portrayal of the character Dylan in EastEnders and as Tony Blair in the 2005 "The Government Inspector". He has also written "Int. Bedsit - Day" (2007) and "Dead on Time" (1999, for which he gained a nomination for First Prize for Short Films at the 1999 Montréal World Film Festival) and worked as a director, especially on 18 episodes of "Doctors" during 2008. In 2011, he returned to the soap playing villain Harrison Kellor.
In 1998, he played the part of the artist, Stanhope, in "Colour Blind", a TV mini-series based on the Catherine Cookson novel.

</doc>
<doc id="18648022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648022" title="Casualties (disambiguation)">
Casualties (disambiguation)

Casualties may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18648058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648058" title="Chain of Attack">
Chain of Attack

Chain of Attack is a "" novel written by Gene DeWeese.
Plot.
While mapping gravitational anomalies, the USS "Enterprise" is hurled millions of light-years off course. They find themselves in a galaxy devastated by war and soon they are under attack by both warring fleets. Captain Kirk risks his ship and crew in order to stop the war and get home.

</doc>
<doc id="18648095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648095" title="Deep Domain">
Deep Domain

Deep Domain is a "" novel written by Howard Weinstein.
Plot.
Admiral Kirk and the Enterprise visit the ocean-world of Akkalla for diplomatic reasons. Soon Spock and Chekov become lost. A civil war and secrets under the water threaten the entire planet and the Enterprise.

</doc>
<doc id="18648107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648107" title="Aberdare bus station">
Aberdare bus station

Aberdare bus station is the bus stations serving Aberdare in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taff in South Wales.
Located opposite the town's railway station, the bus station has 12 stands. It is served by Veolia Transport Cymru, Stagecoach, Glamorgan Bus and National Express.

</doc>
<doc id="18648114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648114" title="Trastenik">
Trastenik

Trastenik (, also transliterated "Trustenik", "Trǎstenik", etc.) is a town in central northern Bulgaria, part of Dolna Mitropoliya municipality, Pleven Province. It lies 18 kilometres northwest of Pleven and 30 kilometres south of the Danube, between the Vit and Iskar rivers.
Although several ancient mounds and traces of Roman settlement dating to the 1st-2nd century have been discovered by archaeologists, the earliest written data regarding modern Trastenik dates to the 15th century. The town has an Eastern Orthodox church, the Church of the Dormition of the Theotokos, built between 1880 and 1886, as well as a community centre ("chitalishte") named after Neofit Rilski.

</doc>
<doc id="18648118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648118" title="Lo que tú Quieras Oír">
Lo que tú Quieras Oír

Lo que tú Quieras Oír ("Whatever You Want To Hear") is a Spanish language short drama by Guillermo Zapata added to YouTube on March 26, 2006. The video is notable for being the most-watched non-English video on YouTube, the third most-viewed video excluding music videos, and the twelfth most viewed of all time, with over 100 million viewings.
The film was released under a Creative Commons license, meaning that it is reusable and remixable by anyone, if the resulting creation is itself used according to certain criteria As a Spanish video it has received considerably less media and viral attention than other popular English-language YouTube videos. A version with English subtitles has been released, but has proved much less popular.
Plot summary.
The plot centers around "Sofia", who returns home to find a voicemail from her husband, "Miguel", announcing that he has left her. Sofia is initially depressed, but decides to remix the voice-mail so that it sounds like Miguel telling her that he loves her and that he is sorry for leaving her and asking for forgiveness. Sofia then tells the remixed-voicemail that she will not take Miguel back.

</doc>
<doc id="18648149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648149" title="South American Basketball Championship 1955">
South American Basketball Championship 1955

The South American Basketball Championship 1955 was the 16:th South American Basketball Championship, and played in Colombia.was won by Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="18648155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648155" title="Martin Turner (actor)">
Martin Turner (actor)

Martin Turner (born in Hong Kong, September 1950) is an English stage and television actor.
In the 1970s he was a member of the Inter-Action Community Arts Trust founded by Ed Berman, before deciding to train as an actor at the Drama Centre, London, under Yat Malmgren and Christopher Fettes.
His stage career has been distinguished by playing lead roles for Cheek by Jowl (including Oberon/Theseus in their world tour of A Midsummer Nights Dream), the Royal Shakespeare Company, Liverpool Everyman Theatre, Royal Exchange, Manchester, Open Air Theatre, Regent's Park, Shakespeare's Globe, Birmingham Repertory Theatre, Sheffield Crucible, Chichester Festival Theatre and other companies.
On the West End stage he has played Evelyn Oakleigh opposite Elaine Paige in "Anything Goes", and Pierre Guerre in "Martin Guerre" (both at the Prince Edward Theatre); Ronald Reagan in "Gaddafi" at the English National Opera; Father in "Rabbit" at Trafalgar Studios; Banquo, at the Gielgud Theatre, in the highly-acclaimed "Macbeth" directed by Rupert Goold and starring Patrick Stewart, which transferred to New York’s BAM Harvey Theatre and Broadway; and as Juror 11 in "Twelve Angry Men" at the Garrick Theatre.
His featured roles on television include John Harrison in "Agatha Christie's Poirot ("Wasp's Nest")"; Neil Spicer in "Rosemary and Thyme"; Charles in "Prince William", Cimon in "Son "(ABC/Fox); Wing-Commander Turner in "Foyle's War" "(Series 2 & 3)"; Charles I in ""; William Wilberforce in "Breaking the Chains"; Arthur Ernest Percival in "The Somme - From Defeat to Victory"; Frogton in "Killer Net"; Tim Pye in "The Money Men"; as well as guest roles in Holby City, Casualty, The Bill, The Knock, Pie in the Sky, Trainer, Dangerfield, Bergerac, Rumpole of the Bailey.

</doc>
<doc id="18648165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648165" title="Process corners">
Process corners

In semiconductor manufacturing, a process corner is an example of a design-of-experiments (DoE) technique that refers to a variation of fabrication parameters used in applying an integrated circuit design to a semiconductor wafer. Process corners represent the extremes of these parameter variations within which a circuit that has been etched onto the wafer must function correctly. A circuit running on devices fabricated at these process corners may run slower or faster than specified and at lower or higher temperatures and voltages, but if the circuit does not function at all at any of these process extremes the design is considered to have inadequate design margin. 
In order to verify the robustness of an integrated circuit design, semiconductor manufacturers will fabricate corner lots, which are groups of wafers that have had process parameters adjusted according to these extremes, and will then test the devices made from these special wafers at varying increments of environmental conditions, such as voltage, clock frequency, and temperature, applied in combination (two or sometimes all three together) in a process called characterization. The results of these tests are plotted using a graphing technique known as a shmoo plot that indicates clearly the boundary limit beyond which a device begins to fail for a given combination of these environmental conditions. 
Corner-lot analysis is most effective in digital electronics because of the direct effect of process variations on the speed of transistor switching during transitions from one logic state to another, which is not relevant for analog circuits, such as amplifiers. 
Significance to digital electronics.
In Very-Large-Scale Integration (VLSI) integrated circuit microprocessor design and semiconductor fabrication, a process corner represents a three or six sigma variation from nominal doping concentrations (and other parameters) in transistors on a silicon wafer. This variation can cause significant changes in the duty cycle and slew rate of digital signals, and can sometimes result in catastrophic failure of the entire system.
Variation may occur for many reasons, such as minor changes in the humidity or temperature changes in the clean-room when wafers are transported, or due to the position of the die relative to the center of the wafer.
Types of corners.
When working in the schematic domain, we usually only work with FEOL (Front End Of Line) process corners as these corners will affect the performance of devices. But there is an orthogonal set of process parameters that affect BEOL (Back End Of Line) parasitics.
FEOL corners.
One naming convention for process corners is to use two-letter designators, where the first letter refers to the N-channel MOSFET (NMOS) corner, and the second letter refers to the P channel (PMOS) corner. In this naming convention, three corners exist: typical, fast and slow. Fast and slow corners exhibit carrier mobilities that are higher and lower than normal, respectively. For example, a corner designated as FS denotes fast NFETs and slow PFETs.
There are therefore five possible corners: typical-typical (TT) (not really a corner of an n vs. p mobility graph, but called a corner, anyway), fast-fast (FF), slow-slow (SS), fast-slow (FS), and slow-fast (SF). The first three corners (TT, FF, SS) are called even corners, because both types of devices are affected evenly, and generally do not adversely affect the logical correctness of the circuit. The resulting devices can function at slower or faster clock frequencies, and are often binned as such. The last two corners (FS, SF) are called "skewed" corners, and are cause for concern. This is because one type of FET will switch much faster than the other, and this form of imbalanced switching can cause one edge of the output to have much less slew than the other edge. Latching devices may then record incorrect values in the logic chain.
BEOL corners.
In addition to the FETs themselves, there are more on-chip variation (OCV) effects that manifest themselves at smaller technology nodes. These include process, voltage and temperature (PVT) variation effects on on-chip interconnect, as well as via structures.
Extraction tools often have a nominal corner to reflect the nominal cross section of the process target. Then the corners cbest and cworst were created to model the smallest and largest cross sections that are in the allowed process variation. A simple thought experiment shows that the smallest cross section with the largest vertical spacing will produce the smallest coupling capacitance. CMOS Digital circuits were more sensitive to capacitance than resistance so this varaiation was initially acceptable. As processes evolved and resistance of wiring became more critical, the additional rcbest and rcworst were created to model the minimum and maximum cross sectional areas for resistance. But the one change is that cross sectional resisitance is not dependant on oxide thicknesss (vertical spacing between wires) so for rcbest the largest is used and for rcworst the smallest is used.
Accounting for corners.
To combat these variation effects, modern technology processes often supply SPICE or BSIM simulation models for all (or, at the least, TT, FS, and SF) process corners, which enables circuit designers to detect corner skew effects before the design is laid out, as well as post-layout (through parasitics extraction), before it is taped out.

</doc>
<doc id="18648192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648192" title="Salvador Breglia">
Salvador Breglia

Salvador Luis Amílcar Breglia Luna (15 September 1935 – 17 January 2014) was a Paraguayan football defender/midfielder and coach. 
Career.
Breglia was born in Caazapá, where he started his career in the youth divisions of Club 25 de Enero and then Club Nanawa. He then moved to Cerro Porteño and made his debut at the of 16. He would win several national championships while at Cerro and was part of the Paraguay national football team from 1960 to 1967.
As a coach he managed Cerro Porteño, Paranaense, Libertad, Sol de América, Limpio and Teniente Fariña of Guarambaré. Breglia was also part of the coaching staff for the Paraguay national team at the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
He died in Asunción, aged 78.

</doc>
<doc id="18648201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648201" title="Granite Mills">
Granite Mills

Granite Mills are two historic cotton textile mills located on Bedford Street in Fall River, Massachusetts, consisting of Granite Mill No. 2 and Granite Mill No. 3. The site was determined elible for the National Historic Register in 1983, but omitted due to owner's objection.
The mills were organized in 1863 with William Mason as president and Charles O. Shove as treasurer. The original Mill No. 1 was built 1864. It was 328 feet long by 70 feet wide and five stories high with a barn roof. The mill did not begin operation until January 1865, however. It was destroyed by fire on September 19, 1874. Twenty three workers were killed in the disaster, and thirty three more were injured. Workers on the upper floors faced a desperate choice, either jump five stories to the ground, or be burned to death. The tragic fire led to reforms in the design of future mill buildings, requiring multiple exits and fire escapes. Mill No. 1 was soon rebuilt, but with a flat roof and a fire sprinkler system. The rebuilt Mill No. 1 was powered by a 650 horsepower Corliss engine, fed by twenty four boilers.
Mill No. 2 was constructed in 1871 at the corner of Bedford Street and Robeson, from local Fall River granite in the Italianate style. It is 378 feet long by 74 feet wide. Originally five stories with a barn roof. The sixth floor was flattened to a full story after the tragic 1874 fire in Mill No.1, due to safety concerns. This mill was powered by a 750 horsepower Corliss engine. Water for the steam-powered mills was drawn through a canal from the Quequechan River.
Mill No. 3 was built in 1893, also in granite, but wider and with less ornamentation. It measured 510 feet long by 127 feet wide. The front half of the mill is two stories, while the rear part is three stories.
The company also built nearly one hundred triple decker tenement houses nearby for the accommodation of its workers. By 1917, the company had a capacity of 122,048 spindles and 3,000 looms. In 1932 the Granite Mills were acquired by the Pepperell Manufacturing Company, and continued to operate into the 1950s.
Mill No. 1 was demolished in 1961 for a supermarket, which later became China Royal restaurant. The site now contains various businesses, including a CVS, Boston Market and a bank.
From 1959, Mill No. 2 was the home of suit maker Anderson-Little until it closed in 1998. The building is now occupied by various businesses.
Mill No. 3 was for many years occupied by Globe Manufacturing, which manufactured rubber-based goods, including Spandex. On July 28, 2011 a smoldering fire start by a spark from a torch during remodeling of the building damaged some of the floor and caused about 10,000 dollars in damage This mills now contains the Granite Block Global Data Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18648203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648203" title="Schenectady High School">
Schenectady High School

Schenectady High School is a high school located at 1445 The Plaza in Schenectady, New York, USA. It was founded in 1992 through the merger of Linton High School and Mont Pleasant High School. It is the only high school in the Schenectady City School District.
Among the programs at SHS are the International Baccalaureate Program and the CISCO program. Schenectady High has a number of schools, including the Fine Art House, the Math, Science and Technology House, the GE Scholars School of Humanities and Culture, and the Global Commerce House. 
The mission statement of the school is "to provide a quality education for a lifetime of learning."
John Sayles School of Fine Arts.
The John Sayles School of Fine Arts (JSSFA) is a smaller learning community of approximately 650 students at Schenectady High School. Carrying the name of one of Schenectady's famous district graduates internationally known filmmaker, John Sayles. The school provides an integrated Regents high school curriculum with an interdisciplinary focus in visual art, music, theatre, and dance. Schenectady High School, with an enrollment of approximately 2900 students, is divided into five communities, including the Sayles School. The Sayles School of Fine Arts provides unique arts opportunities in the region. The John Sayles School of Fine Arts was recently awarded the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts National Schools of Distinction in Arts Education and its students performed on the Millennium Stage at the Kennedy Center.
Students in the Sayles School have the chance to study visual art, music, dance, media arts, and theatre. Consistent and sequential course work provides students at all ability levels opportunities to explore the arts. Course work is taught during the school day and includes classes in Acting, Tap, Jazz Dance, Drawing, Piano, Film making, Concert Choir, Serenaders, Women's Choir, Chamber Choir, and International Baccalaureate Music and Art, to name a few. All subjects and grade levels integrate the arts. There are four grade level teams including teachers in English, Math, Science, Social Studies, Reading, and Foreign Language.
The Sayles School of Fine Arts is housed in a wing at Schenectady High School, built as an addition in 2001. The facilities include: a Black Box Theater, Dance Studio, Video Production Studio, Media Arts Lab, Piano Lab, Music Studios, Art Studios, and Gallery. The JSSFA is home to the Blue Roses Theatre Company, the district television station, Schenectady City Schools TV (SCS-TV), and the Henry and Miriam Butzel Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="18648218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648218" title="John Milton (composer)">
John Milton (composer)

John Milton (1562–1647) was an English composer and father of poet John Milton. Early in his life he converted to Protestantism and his own father, Richard Milton, subsequently disowned him. He moved to London around 1583 to work as an apprentice scrivener. His work largely pertained to business matters; often working as a moneylender or a financial broker. He registered with the Company of Scriveners on 27 February 1599. Soon after this he started a family, marrying Sara Jeffrey (c. 1572–1637) and living in Bread Street, London, with her parents. Records show the couple had six children, three of whom reached adulthood. The three surviving children were Anne, John Milton (the poet) and Christopher Milton (a judge who was later awarded a knighthood).
Similar to his first son of the same name, Milton wrote poetry. Two poems are known to have existed: a sonnet and a poem dedicated to John Lane—both unpublished. Milton's main creative outlet, however, was composing music. Twenty musical compositions are verified as belonging to Milton. All but one of his compositions contained a religious theme. Milton succeeded in publishing his works in Thomas Morley's "The Triumphs of Oriana" (1601), William Leighton's "The Tears or Lamentations of a Sorrowful Soul" (1612) and Thomas Ravenscroft's "The Whole Book of Psalms" (1621), amongst others. Other works survived as manuscripts under the care of John Browne, a Parliamentary clerk, and Thomas Myriell, a personal friend of the composer.
Milton's work made the family so prosperous that they could afford to employ private tutors of classical languages for their sons and later send them to school and university. This affluence also meant that his eldest son, John Milton, never had to work and thus spent his time focusing on writing. Milton also ensured that his eldest son was thoroughly educated in music.
In 1631 Milton and his family moved from Bread Street to Hammersmith where he resided until his retirement in 1636. Thereafter he moved with his wife to Horton, Buckinghamshire. However, Sara died shortly after on 3 April 1637 and she was buried in the aisle of the parish church. Milton moved to Reading, Berkshire in 1641 to live with his youngest son but after the Siege of Reading he moved back to London, living with his eldest son, John Milton. After his son reconciled with his wife the family moved to the Barbican. He remained there until his death and was buried on 15 March 1647 in St Giles Cripplegate.

</doc>
<doc id="18648223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648223" title="James Barnett (disambiguation)">
James Barnett (disambiguation)

James Barnett is an American entrepreneur.
James or Jim Barnett may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18648234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648234" title="Norio Nakai">
Norio Nakai

His debut as a writer was in 1985 in "Hayakawa SF Magazine". In 1988 he won the Seiun Award with "Mountaintop Symphony". He is known for his unique style, influenced by magic realism. His most famous work is the series, a western-like science fiction of seven volumes (published in 1987-1989).
He is a graduate of Musashi University.

</doc>
<doc id="18648235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648235" title="Law review">
Law review

A law review (or law journal) is a scholarly journal focusing on legal issues, normally published by an organization of students at a law school or through a bar association. The term is also used to describe the extracurricular activity at law schools of publishing the journal.
Law reviews should not be confused with non-scholarly publications such as the "New York Law Journal" or "The American Lawyer", which are independent, professional newspapers and news-magazines that cover the daily practice of law (see legal periodical).
Overview.
The primary function of a law review is to publish scholarship in the field of law. Law reviews publish lengthy, comprehensive treatments of subjects ("articles"), generally written by law professors, judges, or legal practitioners, as well as shorter pieces, commonly called "notes" and "comments," written by law student "members" of the law review.
Law review articles often express the thinking of specialists or experts with regard to problems with current law and potential solutions to those problems. Historically, law review articles have been influential in the development of the law; they have been frequently cited as persuasive authority by the courts in the United States. For example, Justice Stanley Mosk of the Supreme Court of California admitted that he got the idea for market share liability from the "Fordham Law Review" article cited extensively in the Court's landmark decision in "Sindell v. Abbott Laboratories" (1980). However, in recent years, some have claimed that the traditional influence of law reviews is declining.
Most major American law schools publish a law review (or "law journal"), generally dealing with all areas of law and named after the school, and some publish specialized reviews, dealing with a particular area of the law, in addition to or in place of the general law review, such as civil rights and civil liberties, international law, environmental law, or human rights (e.g., "Harvard Civil Rights-Civil Liberties Law Review", "Duke Journal of Gender Law & Policy", the "NYU Journal of Law & Business", the "Cornell International Law Journal", the "North Carolina Journal of Law & Technology", or the "Lewis & Clark Environmental Law Review"). There are also a small number of journals focusing on statutory, regulatory, and public policy issues (e.g., the "Journal of Legislation" or the "NYU Journal of Legislation & Public Policy").
In recent years, many law reviews have started to publish online-only content in addition to their respective print issues. For instance, the "Harvard Law Review Forum", the "Stanford Law Review Online", and the "Columbia Law Review Sidebar" all offer freely available pieces of short-form legal scholarship, analysis, and commentary. Further, some law journals have abandoned print entirely, instead choosing to publish all of their content only on the Internet.
Editorial staff.
United States.
As law professor Erwin N. Griswold wrote of the "Harvard Law Review": "Some people are concerned that a major legal periodical in the United States is edited and managed by students. It is an unusual situation, but it started that way, and it developed mightily from its own strength". During the 1990s, the American Bar Association followed suit and began coordinating its own practitioner journals with law schools, courting student editorial bodies for publications including "Administrative Law Review", "The International Lawyer", "Public Contract Law Journal", and "The Urban Lawyer". Despite Griswold's confidence in student editors, criticism of this practice continues. In 2004, Judge Richard Posner wrote a critical account entitled "Against the Law Reviews" in the magazine "Legal Affairs". However, Posner also wrote that his own time as President of the "Harvard Law Review" represented a “Golden Age ... for student-edited law reviews”.
Canada.
In Canada, the fully student-run law reviews (without a Faculty editor-in-chief) include, in order of the frequency they are cited by the Supreme Court of Canada: the "McGill Law Journal/Revue de droit de McGill", the "Queen's Law Journal", the "Alberta Law Review", "University of Toronto Faculty of Law Review", the "University of Ottawa Law Review", and the "University of British Columbia Law Review". Membership requires demanding time commitments, and many editors move on to top clerkships, top articling or first year associate positions both inside and outside of Canada, or eventually join the legal professoriate in Canada. The country also has several specialized publications run entirely by students.
Europe.
Outside of North America, student-run law reviews are the exception rather than the norm. In Continental Europe law reviews are almost uniformly edited by academics. However, a small number of student-edited law reviews have recently sprung into existence in Germany ("Ad Legendum", "Bucerius Law Journal", "Freilaw Freiburg Law Students Journal", "Goettingen Journal of International Law", "Hanse Law Review", "Marburg Law Review", "StudZR Heidelberg Student Law Review") and the Czech Republic ("Common Law Review"). A student-run publication has also been established in Italy, under the name "Bocconi Legal Papers", adopting the format of a working paper series, as a way to complement – rather than compete with – peer-reviewed publications and offer scholars an additional round of feedback. In relation to the law of the European Union, the leading journals such as the "Common Market Law Review" are also not student run.
France.
"The Sciences Po Law Review" is the leading student-edited law journal in France, and the only one to be indexed on Lexis-Nexis. The Sciences Po Law Review is regularly cited under its French name "La Revue des Juristes de Sciences Po" and includes submissions in both French and English from high-ranking politicians, legal directors, senior lawyers and professors. It is published by a team of students from the Sciences Po Law School, under the supervision of a rotating Scientific Director.
United Kingdom.
Within the United Kingdom, as in the rest of the Commonwealth outside of North America, all of the leading law reviews are edited and run by academics. The leading law reviews in the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth more generally are the "Law Quarterly Review", the "Modern Law Review", the "Cambridge Law Journal" and the "Oxford Journal of Legal Studies". None is student run or edited.
The "UCL Jurisprudence Review" was the first student law review when it began publishing in 1994. Since then, the "Edinburgh Student Law Review", "Student Journal of Law", "Cambridge Student Law Review", "UCL Human Rights Review", "Warwick Student Law Review", "Durham Law Review", "Birkbeck Law Review" and the "Southampton Student Law Review" have also emerged.
Italy.
"Bocconi Legal Papers" is the first and only student-edited law journal in Italy. It is a project sponsored by Bocconi School of Law and is published by a group of students belonging to the same institution, under the supervision of several faculty advisors.
Ireland.
In Ireland, the leading student law reviews are the "Dublin City university Law review','Trinity College Law Review", the "UCD Law Review", the "Irish Student Law Review" and the "Cork Online Law Review".
Nordic countries.
In Iceland, "Úlfljótur Law Review", has been in publication since 1947. In 2007 it celebrated its 60th anniversary. Since its creation in 1947 it has been edited and run by students at the Department of Law, University of Iceland. "Úlfljótur Law Review" is the most senior of all academic journals still in publication at the university and held in great respect by Icelandic jurists and legal scholars.
In Finland, "Helsinki Law Review", edited by students at the University of Helsinki, has been active since 2007. Earlier, University of Turku published "Turku Law Journal" from 1999 to 2003.
Sweden's first law review is "Juridisk Publikation". The first number of "Juridisk Publikation" was published in April 2009. It originated as a review by students from Stockholm University. It is now delivered to Swedish law students from all universities, as well as to most legal libraries in the country. "Juridisk Publikation" is edited by top students from the law schools in Lund, Stockholm Uppsala and Goteborg. The publication is anonymously peer-reviewed by a board of leading Swedish legal practitioners and academics.
In Norway, the first student edited law review "Jussens Venner" was founded in 1952 by students Carsten Smith and Torkel Opsahl (both of whom later became distinguished academics). Occasionally it features peer-reviewed articles, but its editors are composed of one student from the Faculty of Law at the University of Oslo and one student from the Faculty of Law at the University of Bergen. Its articles are mainly related to the curriculum at these universities.
Australia.
In Australia, the leading student-edited peer-reviewed academic law reviews are the "Melbourne University Law Review" and "Sydney Law Review", although the "Melbourne University Law Review" regularly outperforms "Sydney Law Review" on impact, citation in journal and cases and combined rankings. These publications are among the most-cited law reviews by the High Court of Australia and among the most cited non-US reviews by US journals. The top international law journal in Australia is the "Melbourne Journal of International Law", also a student-edited peer-reviewed academic law review. "The Melbourne Journal of International Law" is also considered to be more influential and prestigious than most generalist law reviews in Australia.
Brazil.
In Brazil, law reviews are usually run by academics as well, but there are efforts by students to change this. The "University of Brasilia Law Students Review" (REDUnB) was reborn in 2007, and is now on its 8th edition. However, academics and official rankings usually refuse to evaluate student law reviews as "equals". To pursue academic recognition by the Brazilian Ministry of Education, review bodies must include post-graduated and ranked academics, which prevents students law reviews to even be recognized or compared to other similar legal periodicals.
India.
Among academic law journals in India, the "Journal of Indian Law Institute" and the "Delhi Law Review" published by the Faculty of Law, University of Delhi since 1972 are most prominent and respected among Indian legal scholars and academicians.
National Law Schools/Universities are now leading the law review publication field, with notable reviews being the "NALSAR Student Law Review" and the "National Law School of India Review".
The "Lex-Warrier: Online Law Journal" is a unique law journal that promotes the legal research skills of the law students and budding lawyers.
Mexico.
The "Mexican Law Review", the law review of the National Autonomous University of Mexico, Mexico's preeminent university, is edited by professors and is therefore a closer cousin to peer-reviewed social science journals than to typical student-run law journals.
Online legal research providers.
Online legal research providers such as Westlaw and LexisNexis give users access to the complete text of most law reviews published beginning from the late 1980s. Another such service, Heinonline, provides actual scans of the pages of law reviews going back to the 1850s.
Student activity.
Membership on the law review staff is highly sought after by some law students, as it often has a significant impact on their subsequent careers as attorneys. Many U.S. federal judges and partners at the most prestigious law firms were members or editors of their school's law review. There are a number of reasons why journal membership is desired by some students :
At schools with more than one law review, membership on the main or flagship journal is normally considered more prestigious than membership on a specialty law journal. This is not the case at all schools, however. At many schools, the more prestigious journal is the specialty journal; a low-ranked general journal will rarely attract as much attention as a category-leading specialized journal. Often the best indicator is the age of the journal; a newer journal will rarely have the same clout with employers that the older journal has, even when the older journal is specialized. In any case, membership on any such journal is a valuable credential when searching out employment after law school.
The paths to membership vary from law school to law school, and also from journal to journal, but generally contain a few of the same basic elements. Most law reviews select members after their first year of studies either through a writing competition (often referred to as "writing on" to the law review), their first-year grades (referred to as "grading on" to the law review) or some combination thereof. A number of schools will also grant membership to students who independently submit a publishable article. The write-on competition usually requires applicants to compose a written analysis of a specific legal topic, often a recent Supreme Court decision. The written submissions are often of a set length, and applicants are sometimes provided with some or all of the background research. Submissions normally are graded blindly, with submissions identified only by a number which the graders will not be able to connect to a particular applicant. A student who has been selected for law review membership is said to have "made the law review."
Secondary journals vary widely in their membership process. For example, at Yale Law School, the only one of its nine journals that has a competitive membership process is the flagship "Yale Law Journal" – all others are open to any Yale Law student who wishes to join. By contrast, other secondary journals may have their own separate membership competition, or may hold a joint competition with the main law review.
A law review's membership is normally divided into staff members and editors. On most law reviews, all 2Ls (second-year students) are staff members while some or all 3Ls (third-year students) serve as editors. 3Ls also typically fill the senior editorial staff positions, including senior articles editor, senior note & comment editor, senior managing editor, and, the most prestigious of all, editor-in-chief of the law review. (Upon graduation, the editor-in-chief of the law review can often expect to be highly recruited by the most prestigious law firms.) As members, students are normally expected to :
The editorial staff is normally responsible for reviewing and selecting articles for publication, managing the editing process, and assisting members in writing their notes and comments. Depending on the law school, students may receive academic credit for their work on the law review, although some journals are entirely extracurricular.
History of law reviews.
United States.
The "University of Pennsylvania Law Review" is the oldest law review in the U.S., having published continuously since 1852. Also among the oldest and most storied law review publications are the "Albany Law Review", successor to the "Albany Law School Journal", which began in 1875 and was the nation's first student-edited law review; the "Columbia Law Review", successor to the "Columbia Jurist", beginning in 1885; the "Harvard Law Review", beginning in 1887; "Yale Law Journal", beginning in 1891; "West Virginia Law Review", beginning in 1894; and "Dickinson Law Review", beginning in 1897. The first law review originating outside of the Northeast was the "Michigan Law Review", beginning in 1902; followed by the "Northwestern University Law Review", beginning in 1906; and the "Kentucky Law Journal", beginning in 1910. The "California Law Review", beginning in 1912, was the nation's first law review published west of Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="18648242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648242" title="Chilmark, Wiltshire">
Chilmark, Wiltshire

Chilmark is a Wiltshire village of some 150 houses straddling the B3089 road twelve miles (19 km) west of Salisbury. The parish church was given by Henry VIII to the brother in law of his last wife. The stream through the village, often dry in summer, flows some two miles (3 km) on to the River Nadder.
History.
Roman artefacts have been found in the nearby quarries and Purbeck limestone possibly from Chilmark was used in the construction of Roman mansions at the villages of West Grimstead and Rockbourne Villa
The Parish Church.
Dedicated to St. Margaret of Antioch the Anglican parish church dates from the 13th century with additions in the 14th and 18th centuries. It was most recently restored in 1856 by T.H. Wyatt. The steepled tower, rebuilt in about 1770, retains 13th century lancet windows. The font has an original 13th century bowl on a 19th century base. The church contains several stained -glass windows from the 19th century.
The churchyard contains 12 grade II listed chest tombs from the 17th and 18th centuries.
Chilmark Ravine.
A mile south of the village the stream passes through the Ravine, with longstanding quarry workings and several buildings dating from the 1930s, when they formed part of an RAF storage area (RAF Chilmark) for bombs and ammunition. This facility had a spur from the main London-Exeter railway line and a 2ft gauge internal railway.
Counter-terrorism training school.
Some of land in and near the Ravine is now a training area for counter-terrorism security and explosives.
Chilmark quarries.
These consist mainly of caverns. The limestone for Salisbury Cathedral was quarried here. From the 1930s to the 1980s the caverns were used by the RAF as part of a major store for bombs and ammunition. They are now in active use as a quarry again.

</doc>
<doc id="18648253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648253" title="I Saw It">
I Saw It

"I Saw It: The Atomic Bombing of Hiroshima: A Survivor's True Story", titled in Japanese, is a one-shot manga by Keiji Nakazawa that first appeared in 1972 as a 48-page feature in the magazine "Monthly Shōnen Jump", which at the time was a spin-off issue of "Weekly Shōnen Jump". The story was later published in a collection of Nakazawa's short stories by Holp Shuppan. "I Saw It" is a biographical piece following the life of Nakazawa from his youngest days in post-war Hiroshima, up until his adulthood. "I Saw It" became the predecessor for Nakazawa's popular manga series "Barefoot Gen".
The volume was released in North American in a colorized English translated volume by Educomics under the title "I Saw It: The Atomic Bombing of Hiroshima: A Survivor's True Story" in 1982.
Plot.
In 1945, elementary student Keiji Nakazawa's mother wakes him up during an air raid and they rushed into a wet shelter. Hungry and with there being little food, Keiji would steal and eat raw rice from storage bins. To earn money, the family painted wooden clogs. His father also did traditional Japanese paintings and his brother Yasuto welded the hulls of ships at the Kure Shipyard. Keiji's brother, Shoji, left during a group evacuation, keeping in touch through letters. On August 6, 1945, on his way to school, Keiji saw a B-29 flying overhead. At 8:15 am, it dropped an atomic bomb, nicknamed Little Boy, on Hiroshima. Keiji was knocked unconscious. The schoolyard wall had blocked most of the flames from the blast, though his cheek was impaled by a nail in a wooden board. Keiji returned to his home to learn that his mother, who had recently given birth to a baby girl, was waiting for him by the tracks on Yamaguchi Street. The rest of his family, except Yasuto, had just died. Their house had collapsed in the blast, and the father and children were trapped under the wreakage. Meanwhile, a fire had started elsewhere, but quickly spread from house to house, so the father and children were burned alive while pinned down, and while the mother listened to their screams. Later on, Keiji and Yasuto went back to their home to dig up their family's bodies.
On August 15, 1945, World War II ended and Shoji returned. The baby girl his mother gave birth to on the day of the bombing died and was cremated on the beach. Keiji returned to school and houses being rebuilt. His family was poor, and Keiji was always hunting for food. He also began collecting trash and glass to turn into items he could sell. One day, he found a copy of the manga "Shin-Takarajima" ("New Treasure Island") by Osamu Tezuka. Inspired, he started writing his own manga and reading manga magazines at the local bookstores. Keiji submitted one of his manga creations to the magazine "Omoshiro Book" which accepted and published it. Wanting to improve his drawing skills, Keiji began working as a sign painter for a former war veteran. A second manuscript sent to "Omoshiro Book" won him second place in a contest. Keiji used the prize money to buy a palette.
One New Year's Eve, Keiji's mother Kimiyo began hemorrhaging. He purchased all the medicine he could, wanting to give her some good memories, and she slowly regained her health. Keiji moved to Tokyo to begin his career as a manga artist. Keiji's editor got him a job working as the assistant to Daiji Kazumine. One and a half years later, his manga titles began serialization in various magazines. When he returned to Hiroshima to meet his mother, she had recovered though she was unable to walk freely. She collected every issue of the magazines his works appeared in, and Keiji told her to get well so he can show her Tokyo.
Returning to Tokyo, Keiji met a woman who he fell in love with and married. Meeting Keiji's wife, Kimiyo told him that her life was now complete. She died while Keiji and his wife were en route to Tokyo. When they cremated her body, the radiation remaining in her from the bomb caused her bones to disintegrate, leaving only white dust instead of the usual ashes. Keiji decided he would fight the atomic bomb through his manga. 
Five years have passed since Kimiyo died. Keiji is standing by a pond and wishing he had been born in a better time. Checking the time, he realizes it's close to the deadline for his work for "Weekly Shōnen Jump". He goes back into the house to get down to work.
Media.
"I Saw It" premiered as a one-shot work in a September 30, 1972 special issue of "Weekly Shōnen Jump", entitled "Monthly Shōnen Jump" featuring manga based on various creators' biographies. "Monthly Shōnen Jump" later split into its own manga anthology. Nakazawa's editor later urged him to write a longer series based on "I Saw It", "Barefoot Gen" was what became of this. "I Saw It" was later published as a part of a compilation of Nakazawa's short stories by Holp Shuppan, entitled .
The company Educomics discontinued their licence to "Barefoot Gen", in order to start their translation on the "I Saw It" manga. It was published in a single volume under the title "I Saw It: The Atomic Bombing of Hiroshima: A Survivor's True Story". Educomics colorized the series and offered lesson plans for bulk orders to aid in using the series in classrooms to help explain the war to students. Also with bulk orders a 11 × 17 inch free poster was added for promoting the manga in stores, with endorsements by other manga artists and peace educators.
"I Saw It" was later included as the first story in "The Mammoth Book of Best War Comics", published by Constable & Robinson.
Reception.
"I Saw It" (in the context of the story's inclusion in "The Mammoth Book of Best War Comics") was reviewed by "Brick" for ComicsVillage.com: "Nakazawa’s short story is infinitely more powerful for its portrayal of the sacrifices his mother makes so that Keiji can become a cartoonist." David Kendall of "The List" also reviewed "I Saw It": "Keiji Nakazawa sets the mood with his personal account of the bombing of Hiroshima in "I Saw It", a poignant tale that spells out the human cost of the atomic bomb and the implications that resonate throughout the rest of their lives."

</doc>
<doc id="18648256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648256" title="Pablo Vranjicán">
Pablo Vranjicán

Pablo Andrés Vranjicán Storani (born 11 December 1985) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for AEK Kouklia of Cyprus.
Vranjicán also holds a Croatian passport due to his Croatian diaspora.
Club career.
Newell's Old Boys.
Vranjican began his football career at Newell's Old Boys football academy in January 2004, aged 19, a very late age for join the youth ranks. Shortly after, he played in the reserves tournament with Newell's. On 12 November 2006, he made his professional debut in a 2–1 away loss with San Lorenzo de Almagro at Pedro Bidegain Stadium, replacing to Marcos Flores in the 46th minute. 
He started the 2007 Clausura Tournament, playing two consecutive games of the three first matches, but with the departure of the coach Nery Pumpido, Vranjicán not had contiunity with Pablo Marini. Due to his considerable lack of games, he was relegated to the reserves team.
Rangers.
On 25 February 2009, was confirmed that Vranjicán joined Rangers on loan, in replace of the striker Gastón Cellerino, who was a key player in the success of the team in the 2008 Clausura Tournament. He debuted for Rangers in the same day that he joined to the club, in a 2–1 home loss with Cobresal for the five week. On 27 February, Vranjicán played his first full 90 minutes in a match, during a 2–1 home victory over Colo-Colo. On 7 March, he scored his first goal in Chile in a 2–2 draw with Universidad de Concepción, scoring the momentarily draw 1–1 in the 23rd minute. One match later, he scored two consecutive goals in his same number of weeks against Huachipato and Unión Española, respectively. On 12 April, Vranjicán scored his side's goal in an important 1–1 away draw with Municipal Iquique in the 88th minute. On 3 May, he received his first red card in his career against Audax Italiano in the 95th minute of game. In his next appearance for Rangers against Cobreloa, Vranjicán scored two goals in a 4–1 home victory.
He made his Clausura Tournament debut in a 2–0 loss to Deportes La Serena on 11 July, in which he missed a penalty late in the match, and scored his first goal for the Clausura when Rangers defeated Universidad de Chile and in their second tournament match of the season on 19 July. He scored the next week against O'Higgins in a 2–0 victory. After months of not score, he netted a goal in a 3–1 win over Santiago Morning. After the relegation of Rangers to Primera B, Vranjicán decided not continue in the team, and return of his loan to Newell's.
Universidad Católica.
On 6 January 2010, Vranjicán moved to Chilean giants Universidad Católica along with the Ecuadorian left back Isaac Mina. Vranjicán made his Católica debut on January 26 away to Colón, coming off the bench at the 78th minute in a 3–2 defeat. His first goal came on 20 February, in a Primera A loss against Unión Española at the Santa Laura. During months with a very regular performance, on 9 April, Vranjicán netted his second official goal for Católica in a 4–2 win over Ñublense, scoring the last of the victory after a header in the 89th minute. 
After of his lack of opportunities in the league tournament with and the change of coach, Juan Antonio Pizzi designated him to Copa Chile Bicentenario first team. Vranjicán debuted with two goals in his debut for the cup's opening game in a 4–0 away win over San Pedro de Atacama. In the second leg against Atacama, he scored a hat-trick in a 10–0 home victory at San Carlos de Apoquindo Stadium. On 4 June 2010, Vranjicán netted a twice in a 5–3 home win over Deportes Temuco, becoming the cup's goalscorer with 8 goals. After Católica's elimination in the cup against Deportes Puerto Montt, he was surpassed by Matías Jara of Huachipato being the goalscorer of the cup with 9 goals, and despite of that, he not had continuity in the league tournament with Pizzi, only playing two games in the second round of the Primera A, in where Católica was champion and also was the first professional title of Vranjicán in his career.
Guaraní.
On 7 January 2011, was confirmed that Vranjicán reached an agreement with Paraguayan Primera División side Guaraní. On 10 January, he arrived to Paraguay on mid-night and the next day Vranjicán passed a medical and signed a one year deal with the last league champion of that country. On 5 February, Vranjicán made his club debut in a 2–2 draw with Nacional, coming off the bench in the 38th minute, replacing to his compatriot Pablo Caballero. After of his first match for Guaraní, he failed to played during weeks, and on 5 March, he was called up to make an appearance against Olimpia, but only remained in the bench. 
On 16 March, was reported that Vranjicán will join to Primera B side Unión Temuco, because his lack of opportunities, but days later, the move collapsed for contractual situations and he was not released of the club. After of a failed attempt of leave the club, he didn't make an appearance during the season, being marginated of the squad in all games of Guaraní in the season.
Unión San Felipe.
On 8 February 2012, the official site web of Unión San Felipe confirmed the incorporation of Vranjicán to the club. On 12 February, he made his debut against his former club Universidad Católica in a 1–1 draw, coming off the bench in the 46th minute, replacing to his teammate Claudio Latorre.
AEK Kouklia.
On 29 June 2013, he signed a contract with Cypriot side AEK Kouklia.

</doc>
<doc id="18648280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648280" title="United Uranium">
United Uranium

United Uranium (formerly known as "United Carina Resource") is a Canadian resource company with its head office in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. The company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resources such as uranium, diamond, copper and other precious metals.
Disputes.
Since June 2003 the company (together with sister company Star Uranium) had a dispute with Shore Gold over ownership of 25 groups of mineral claims totaling over 35,000 hectares in the "Fort à la Corne area" of Saskatchewan. The issue was all about who was first in line at the Department of Mineral Resources of the Government of Saskatchewan to register mineral deposit claims.
On March 1, 2007 a Saskatchewan court ruled in favor of United Uranium but on March 30, 2007 Shore Gold appealed to the court ruling. On July 9, 2008 the Court of Appeal for Saskatchewan ruled that United Uranium and Star Uranium were entitled to register mineral claims to 25 blocks of land in the Fort à la Corne area.

</doc>
<doc id="18648287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648287" title="Hendrik Hudson Hotel">
Hendrik Hudson Hotel

Hendrik Hudson Hotel was a prospective eighteen story New York City edifice. It was conceived in 1897 by a syndicate of capitalists from England and the United States. It was to occupy a site on Riverside Drive, overlooking the New Jersey Palisades. The building's planners used the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel as a model. It was budgeted to cost $4,000,000. 
Architectural plans and building interior.
Eugene Kirby, a former manager of the Marie Antoinette Hotel, was selected to supervise the construction of the Hendrik Hudson Hotel. A plot of ground measuring two hundred to two hundred fifty feet was selected and obtained for the site on Riverside Drive. The first floor was envisioned to contain an office, a smoking room, reception room, ladies' billiard room, and a parlor. A balcony restaurant and private dining rooms were planned for the second floor. Seven hundred and fifty rooms, divided into suites, would occupy the remaining floors. The establishment would have catered to a clientele primarily of families instead of a transient trade, because of its uptown location. Additional features envisioned were a banquet hall, planned to seat one thousand people, and a splendorous roof garden. 
Ingenious transportation.
A steam yacht docked near the hotel was a unique idea of the hotel's conceivers. It would have made frequent trips to the lower portion of New York City for businessmen as well as guests who desired to go shopping. "Tally ho" coaches were considered for transporting people staying at the hotel to city suburbs, when the weather was favorable. A market garden in New Jersey was imagined to raise necessary supplies for the business.
Hendrik Hudson namesake.
The steamboat Hendrik Hudson, which journeyed from New York City to London, England and Albany, New York, sailed during the 1850s and 1860s. A room at the Roosevelt Hotel was named Hendrik Hudson. Fan dancer Sally Rand gave a speech there entitled "How I Sold Sally Rand", in 
February 1935. A hotel named Hendrik Hudson was built in Troy, New York. Long vacant, it was being used for office
space and commercial ventures by the late 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18648290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648290" title="Surimono">
Surimono

Use.
In most cases Surimono were commissioned by poetry societies to illustrate the winning poem in a poetry contest judged by the master of the society. Such prints generally had a small format, often c. 205 x 185 mm, and the relief carving of the Kanji characters took a great deal of technical skill.
Kabuki actors also commissioned surimono prints to commemorate important events in their careers, such as changes of name and stage debuts of their sons.

</doc>
<doc id="18648291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648291" title="Republican Television Network">
Republican Television Network

Republican Television Network (RTN) formerly ANTV (Afrique Nouvelle Television) started broadcast in 2002 and like the radio arm was the first private TV station in the West Region of Cameroon. Its head quarter is in Bamenda at Ntamulung in the heart of the town. It currently relays Voice of America's (VOA) following a partnership signed in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18648299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648299" title="Aviatik (Berg) D.II">
Aviatik (Berg) D.II

__NOTOC__
The Aviatik (Berg) D.II, the prototypes of which were known as Aviatik 30.22 and Aviatik 30.38, was an Austro-Hungarian fighter prototype towards the end of the First World War.
Development.
The D.II's fuselage was virtually identical to that of the D.I. It was characterised, however, by its short-span cantilever lower wing. Through 1917, 19 D.IIs were built for front-line evaluation. The series 39 aircraft were powered by the Austro-Daimler 200hp engine and the series 339 aircraft by the Austro-Daimler 225 hp engine driving a four-bladed Jaray propeller and armed with the usual paired Schwarzlose machine guns. A further prototype, (30.38), was produced by fitting a Hiero engine in a D.II airframe.
Operational history.
The first three production aircraft were tested in November 1917, and seven were evaluated at the front later in that year, showing good promise. However, the decision was made that Aviatik should instead produce the Fokker D.VII, and any plans to continue production of the D.II were halted.

</doc>
<doc id="18648318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648318" title="Chimera Entertainment">
Chimera Entertainment

History.
Chimera Entertainment is a German PC and video game development studio founded in 2006.
In May 2008 they released their first title, the PC real time tactical role-playing game "Windchaser".
June 2009 saw the release of "Train your Brain with Dr. Kawashima", created in cooperation with BBG Entertainment. This brain training application for PC and Mac is based on the studies of Japanese Neuroscientist Ryuta Kawashima.
In cooperation with Bigpoint Games Chimera Entertainment released Warstory - Europe in Flames, a Microsoft Silverlight Browsergame featuring real time battles set in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="18648320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648320" title="Alexis Machuca">
Alexis Machuca

Alexis Maximiliano Machuca (born 10 May 1990 in Rosario) is a professional footballer for Chilean side C.D. Universidad de Concepción as a central defender.

</doc>
<doc id="18648326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648326" title="Nicolas Chartier">
Nicolas Chartier

Nicolas Chartier was born in 1974 and is a French film sales agent and film producer. Chartier is partners with American film producer Dean Devlin in the sales and production company, Voltage Pictures. Voltage's first produced independent feature film was "The Hurt Locker" (2009) directed by Kathryn Bigelow. The film was picked up for wide theatrical release in the United States by Summit Entertainment and won the Academy Award for Best Picture. Voltage also produced "Dallas Buyer's Club." Chartier previously was head of U.S. sales for Sydney-based Arclight Films.
Chartier had previously cofounded Vortex Pictures for Gold Circle Films. Chartier was a sales agent for the distribution of Academy Award-winning film, "Crash", directed by Paul Haggis.
Impulsive emails.
On occasion, Chartier personally sends out email to the general public stating strong opinions. Boing Boing, a popular blog, has described these as "impulsive emails".
Academy Award vote solicitation.
In February 2010, Chartier emailed a group of Academy Award voters to solicit votes for "The Hurt Locker" instead of "Avatar" for the Best Picture award of the 82nd Academy Awards. He later issued a public apology saying that it was "out of line and not in the spirit of the celebration of cinema that this acknowledgment is." The Academy deemed his emails a direct violation of Awards rules and banned him from attending the awards ceremony.
Justification of BitTorrent user lawsuit.
In 2010, he created some controversy after once again sending an abrasive letter to a person criticizing him for a plan to sue BitTorrent users that shared his movie. This was featured on the widely read blog BoingBoing. The letter went on to call the author of the original email a "moron", wished him to have is house robbed, and continued to say "I hope your family and your kids end up in jail one day for stealing".
This lawsuit, and the one initiated by his production company Voltage Pictures for the prior film "Far Cry", are now being contested by the ACLU and the Electronic Frontier Foundation on the grounds that it violates personal jurisdiction laws, lack of evidence, and improper joinder. CNET featured an article about one of the people who received a formal demand for cash in which the man (who claims to have never downloaded the film or even know how to secure his own router) described the suit as "an obvious intimidation scam".

</doc>
<doc id="18648351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648351" title="Raise Your Hands – The Greatest Hits">
Raise Your Hands – The Greatest Hits

Raise Your Hands – The Greatest Hits is the first "Best Of" compilation by X-Press 2. Disc One contained tracks from the first two albums and the new track "Fire". Disc Two contained remixes of X-Press 2 songs and remixes by X-Press 2.
The album was released internationally on 8 July 2008. It was accompanied by a remix competition of the new track "Fire" on the music download website trackitdown.net.
X-Press announced a six-hour DJ set at the launch party for the compilation on their Myspace page. The launch party took place on 15 August 2008 at the Ministry of Sound nightclub in London, England.

</doc>
<doc id="18648369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648369" title="Ashworth Brothers Mill">
Ashworth Brothers Mill

Ashworth Brothers Mill is an historic mill complex located on Globe Mills Avenue in Fall River, Massachusetts. The mill was constructed for the manufacture of textile carding machinery. The site was determined eligible for the National Historic Register in 1983, but omitted due to owner's objection.

</doc>
<doc id="18648370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648370" title="ReDhoom">
ReDhoom

ReDhoom is the sixth album of the Indian rock band Euphoria and is the second remixed album in the Dhoom (the first being "Phir Dhoom" after the main Dhoom).

</doc>
<doc id="18648372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648372" title="James M. Anderson">
James M. Anderson

James M. Anderson served as the President and Chief Executive Officer at Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center from 1996 to 2009. He was also Chairman of the Board of the Cincinnati Branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland. In July 2005, Anderson was appointed to a national advisory commission on Medicaid reform, while two years earlier, he was appointed to Ohio Governor Bob Taft's Third Frontier Advisory Board.
Anderson is a former mayor of The Village of Indian Hill, Ohio, and is a graduate of Yale University (1963) and Vanderbilt University Law School (1966). He was a captain in the U.S. Army (1966–1968) during the Vietnam War.

</doc>
<doc id="18648379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648379" title="Meravanige">
Meravanige

Meravanige a Kannada Language movie released in July 2008. It starred Prajwal Devaraj and Aindrita Ray in lead role and was supported by Sadhu Kokila, Komal and Harish.
Its a Youth romantic family drama movie.

</doc>
<doc id="18648417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648417" title="Merlin (metal band)">
Merlin (metal band)

MERLIN is a death metal band from Russia formed in 1992 by one of pioneering female growling vocalists and bassist Mary Abaza.
History.
Merlin was formed in 1992 by a unique female vocalist and bassist "Mary Abaza" and one of the best Russian guitarists "Alex Ioffe". After a long search, they met "Nick Byckoff" - the drummer they dreamt of. Before Merlin all of them had a great experience of playing in various styles from hard rock to thrash {1}. The musicians consider the name of their band suitable, because they wanted the name to be original for a death metal band and easy to rememberer for fans, so "merlin” suited the request. Besides they chose "Merlin" as a symbol of magic power and majesty. Merlin is best known as the warlock featured in Arthurian legends and it is musicians' opinion that he is best of all portrayed in the Stephen King’s book “The Dark Tower”. Also merlin is a predatory bird that tears meat by its claws, its beak in blood and this absolutely reflects their band’s personality. (Incidentally, "merlin" means from French into English "heavy axe", "large hammer", "poleaxe").
Why Mary Abaza is a unique female vocalist? It's because she has got a unique voice of great compass from contralto (overrides male baritone) to soprano (they say, with this rare and uncommon voice, one can be admitted to the Moscow Conservatory without entrance examinations) and withal she is a brilliant growler and added to everything else, she is "one of the first female growling vocalists in the world" {2}. She got jazz and some classical educations and as she said herself, it helped her to find her own way of singing death metal applying some jazz tricks; by the way it helps her in creating music. When Mary began singing death metal she was crazy about John Tardy (Obituary) as a vocalist and imitated something from his hysterical manner. Then she added to her voice some black metal high tones and worked on timbre and articulation {3}.
Merlin’s first demo "Welcome to Hell" (1992) was played in a Death/Thrash style, but as soon as three months later, they released the second demo, which was more in a Death/Grind direction. However, their third demo "Prisoner of Death" (1994) became the most well known of all three. It was reviewed in a lot of fan'zines worldwide and got a pretty rapturous appreciation{4}. Since their first live performance in 1992, Merlin has been known as the most aggressive and brutal death metal band from Russia and after their album "Deathkoteque", which was released in 1997 and became a real bomb, they were called leaders of Russian Death Metal scene. A lot of songs were included in compilations such a «Thrash your mother», «Deathtalker», «Russian metal ballads» etc. And also there is the track like "“Leave Me Alone”", which is dedicated to one of the bands that formed the roots of extreme metal like this, namely “Black Sabbath”. "Erik Rutan" (Morbid Angel, Hate Eternal), after listening to this album said that few male vocalists can do the same at a level that is high as Mary’s {5}.
In September 2000, their second album «They Must Die» had been released by Hobgoblin records (Russia) in MC format and in January 2001 it was re-released on "Grind It!" records, a division on Great White North Records, Canada, in CD format, for the North-American territory and elsewhere in the world. Later «Deathkoteque» was re-mastered and re-released too at GWN Records. And «They Must Die» had turned out very successful{6}. Merlin wanted to create a conceptual album, very aggressive and brutal and this album contents these requests exactly. It is also more technical and melodic. Plus, Mary experimented a lot more with the vocals on this album. In 1998 they added a second guitarist to the line-up - "Arteom "Bolt" Nazarov" (ex - Anal Pus). It turned that Arteom was a very competent guitarist with a brilliant sense of rhythm and infallible memory. Since then, they became to work with two guitarists live.
The band conducts concert activity and takes part in all considerable festivals and gigs around Moscow and some other Russian towns and was working on some new material for their up-coming third album "Brutal Constructor", scheduled to come out in 2003 on GWN. Everything would be perfect, Merlin was about to go on a European tour and at its height of recording the new album, the terrible misfortune had happened… On "July 13, 2003" their drummer "Nick Byckoff" died in a car accident. It is an irreplaceable deprivation for the band, because during they played together Nick became like a brother to them. He was a brilliant drummer and his enormous technique amazed not only the audience, but the musicians, too… He was out of any competition; “This guy was fast, tight and intense as hell!”; many idolized him and were quiet right. Musicians still can’t believe that it happened and it seems to them that he simply got tired and left for a while. It need to say that it was Nick who imposed on the band that extremely powerful sound which distinguished the band Merlin for all these years and owing to his incredible mastership they achieved those impossible speeds which drive Merlin’s fans crazy {7}. That was hard to find a new drummer instead of Nick Byckoff. It seemed almost impossible. But it needed to soldier on. Nevertheless, after trying a lot of challengers they dwelled on "Anatoly "Alchothron" Boychenko" and now it’s possible to see that they have not been mistaken with the choice. Anatoly is really a very interesting drummer with modern and independent way of thinking. He joined the band once and for all in September 2003.
Their album “Brutal Constructor” was recording hard (May 2003 - January 2004). It was very painful to do something after Nick’s death. Mary Abaza: “My voice vanished, because of nerves, a few times we lost the guitar tracks, besides the engineer got serious problems with health… kind of some mysticism, ya see.” But at first they must finish this album “Brutal Constructor”, moreover Nick Byckoff had time to record all drum parts for this album and it is still possible to hear Nick’s magnificent and masterly work, so it was their duty before him to do their best. And they did it. In 2004, Merlin created a real masterpiece - the album "Brutal Constructor". This album contains 9 killer songs, a "cover-version of "Zombie Ritual"" by Death and a number on the music for the "Sergei Eisenstein" film "Alexander Nevsky", the cantata “Alexander Nevsky” (1938) created by genius Russian composer "Sergei Prokofiev" {8}. The musicians of Merlin were in earnest about their own interpretation of one of the most renowned cantatas of the 20th century, because Mary Abaza loves classical music very much, especially modern such as "Dmitri Shostakovich" and "Alfred Schnittke" and German composers such as "Ludwig van Beethoven" and "Anton Bruckner". In general, music is Mary’s family tradition. Her mother is professional pianist and Mary herself used to play the piano in the childhood{9}. Among their ancestry, there were great composers. Such the influential composer of 20th century music as "Igor Stravinsky" was a cousin of her great grandfather. Also the author of a well-known romance "Утро туманное" Tumannoe (“Foggy morning”), Russian pianist, composer of 19th century – "Arkadiy Maximovich Abaza" was her forefather {10}.
And of late years Merlin’s line-up changed. Their guitarist Arteom "Bolt" Nazarov, who had played during six years in the band, quit Merlin, but a short time later (January, 2004) they had already had got a new guitar-player instead of Bolt, Sergey "Psycho" Chebanov. He played in the band during 2004 - 2006 and in autumn 2006 a new guitarist Michael "Dead Head" Karpeyev joined the band. "Brutal Constructor" is Merlin’s latest album and it was released by two labels: in Canada by GWN Records, while for Russia and C.I.S. by Cd-Maximum. In 2004 they re-released their first two albums "Deathkoteque" and "They Must Die" at Cd-Maximum. 
Now Merlin work on the future album with a new drummer Vlad "Ravendark" Vorona and new guitarist Rinat. Also, they have a fresh video material which will be included in a future DVD.
About the article.
All information for this article is based on different interviews with Mary Abaza and Alex Ioffe. Merlin's biography from the official MySpace page was used as well. These interviews you can find on following websites:

</doc>
<doc id="18648431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648431" title="Georges Andrique">
Georges Andrique

Georges Andriques (2 November 1874 – 1964) was a French Impressionist painter. He was born and died in Calais . He largely painted in oils but also worked with watercolours. Andrique produced a number of posters including advertisements for the port of Calais. He remains relatively unknown, partly as a result of a significant body of his work being destroyed in a fire in the 1940s.
He was awarded the Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="18648454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648454" title="Marina Suwendy">
Marina Suwendy

Marina Suwendy (born December 16, 1986) is a Malaysian international model, TV host, event Master of Ceremonies, and journalist.
Early life and education.
She was born in Penang, Malaysia, but grew up in Kuala Lumpur. She attended Garden International School (Kuala Lumpur) and later moved to the United Kingdom to complete her education. She holds a Law Degree. When she returned she began her career in the modeling and the TV industry.
Career.
Suwendy was awarded the Miss Beautiful Skin 2006 title by Shiseido Cosmetics (Malaysia) and Alex Eu (Giorgio Armani makeup artist). She has been recruited as the brand ambassador for Swiss skincare supplement Estime [http://www.estime-ibs.com/]. At 173 cm, Marina Suwendy has broken the tradition by establishing herself not only as a print model, but also catwalk. Reportedly trained by top model consultant Simone Teh. 
She has also been involved in judging an award winning TV Reality Series - What Women Want (TV series), aired on 8tv. And one of the permanent models for NTV7's popular game show - Deal or No Deal. Marina Suwendy is also a recognised TV host, covering fashion events. 
She is a journalist for New Straits Times (Malaysia), Teenage Magazine (Singapore), 360 Degrees Magazine (Malaysia) and others. 
Marina Suwendy is currently based in New York and is managed by Ford Models New York.
References.
3. Power Lunch With Marina Suwendy
4. The Star MetroBiz

</doc>
<doc id="18648455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648455" title="Tony Veland">
Tony Veland

Tony Veland (born March 11, 1973) is the current Defensive Coordinator of the Omaha Beef of the United Indoor Football league. He is a former American football Defensive Back for the Denver Broncos and the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League.
Veland was a member of the 1994 and 1995 Nebraska National championship teams. The Broncos selected Veland in the sixth round of the 1996 draft. Veland won a ring as a member of the Denver Broncos Super Bowl XXXII championship team in 1997 and ended his playing career in 1998 with the Carolina Panthers. He is currently in his sixth season coaching the Beef.
He was shot on the night of June 13, 2011 as he traveled in his Ford Explorer and was admitted to Creighton University Medical Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18648522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648522" title="David Klemperer">
David Klemperer

David Klemperer (born June 22, 1980) is a beach volleyball player from Germany, who represented his native country in the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18648535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648535" title="Juan Carlos Ferreyra">
Juan Carlos Ferreyra

Juan Carlos Ferreyra (born 12 September 1983 in San Rafael) is an Argentine football striker currently playing for Botafogo. He is nicknamed "el tanque" (the tank) because of his height.
Career.
He began his career in the lower leagues of Argentine football where he played for clubs such as Independiente Rivadavia Yupanqui and Almirante Brown. Because of his success he was transferred to Gimnasia de La Plata. He has also played for Deportivo Cali in Colombia and Deportivo Cuenca in Ecuador.
The Newell's Old Boys forward will play on loan for O'Higgins, until the end of the season.
Ferreyra will play in Club Olimpia from Paraguay in the second half of the 2010 season. He has already scored 2 goals in 2 friendly matches played in Chile (both were against Colo Colo). The "Tank's" official debut in Club Olimpia is giving hope to all those fans of Olimpia who has last won the Paraguayan Cup in the year 2000. He recently signed a contract with club Universitario for 3 years deal.
Ahora ya en Barcelona S.C. 2012.
In 2013, was vice-champion at Libertadores with Olimpia (PAR). In 2014, signed with Botafogo, from Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18648543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648543" title="Teresio Centurión">
Teresio Centurión

Teresio Faustino Centurión Sosa (born 3 October 1958 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a former football midfielder and coach.
Career.
Centurión started his career in Sol de América in 1976 until 1989, with a 3-month spell at club Capitán Figari in 1981. He also played for other Paraguayan clubs until 1992 where he ended his career playing for Humaitá. Centurión became a symbol for Sol de América where he spent the majority of his career, obtaining the first championship for the club in 1986 and several second-place finishes (1978, 1979, 1981, 1988).
As a coach he managed several teams from Atyrá, Limpio and Guarambaré; as well as Silvio Pettirossi and the youth divisions of Sol de América.

</doc>
<doc id="18648561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648561" title="The People's Party (Samoa)">
The People's Party (Samoa)

The People's Party (TPP) is a Samoan political party. It was founded in July 2008 by campaigners from People Against Switching Sides, protesting against legislation aimed at changing the side of the road driven on (from right to left). The party's chairman is Tole’afoa Solomona To’ailoa, who has stated that he does not intend to be the party's leader. According to To'ailoa, the party "will not be focusing on the road change only but [...] will be focusing on all the other issues which are affecting the lives of our people right now."

</doc>
<doc id="18648566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648566" title="Christopher James Jones">
Christopher James Jones

Christopher James Jones (born 25 March 1977) is an actor, singer, director, and writer, working in Britain.
As an actor Christopher first used his mother's maiden name of Coughlin, but since 2006, when his name became free with the actors union, Equity, he has used his birth name of Christopher James Jones.
In 2005 he was seen in the role of Barnum in Paul Tate’s production of "Barnum" at the Union Theatre in London.
Personal life.
Jones was born on 25 March 1977 in Swansea, to Carol Coughlin, a personal secretary, and Peter Jones, a labourer. He grew up with his elder twin sisters and younger sister in his parent’s public house businesses in and around South Wales.
He attended Bishop Vaughan Catholic Comprehensive School in Swansea, and went on to read Theatre, Film & Television at Aberystwyth University. He completed his theatrical training in London, at Mountview Academy of Theatre Arts.
Career.
TV/film.
Jones once appeared on the BBC programme "Crimewatch". His film work includes the horror "Dead Dad", for independent film company Maggie Dog Films and "Home" a short film for Insight Films Ltd.
Theatre.
Christopher's stage roles include those of the Wolf and Cinderella’s Prince in "Into the Woods" by Stephen Sondheim, Baal in "Baal" by Bertolt Brecht, Demetrius in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" by William Shakespeare, Barnum in the musical "Barnum" by Cy Coleman, and even that of Elvis.
Directing.
Jones's directing work began at the Swansea Grand Theatre's Youth Summer School, where he directed Willy Russell’s "Blood Brothers".
It continued at Aberystwyth Arts Centre's Youth Theatre, with productions of "Alice in Wonderland", "A Midsummer Night's Dream" and "The Jungle Book". Afterwards he was invited to help with the Theatre Performance Degree Course at Aberystwyth University, where he helped with Bertolt Brecht's "Mother Courage and Her Children", "The Caucasian Chalk Circle" and "Alarm Call".
Jones also co-devised and directed the UK No. 1 & 2 venue tour of "Night Fever Party" for Premier Shows Night Fever Parties.

</doc>
<doc id="18648572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648572" title="1973 San Francisco 49ers season">
1973 San Francisco 49ers season

The 1973 San Francisco 49ers season was the team's 24th in the National Football League. They began the season hoping to improve on their previous years' output of 8–5–1, and looking to make the playoffs for the fourth consecutive season. However, the team finished 5–9 and failed to qualify for the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="18648594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648594" title="Mauricio Sperduti">
Mauricio Sperduti

Mauricio Ezequiel Sperduti (born 16 February 1986, in Rosario, Santa Fe) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Arsenal de Sarandí. He usually plays as a right winger.
Club career.
Nicknamed "El Gordo", his debuted in the Argentine Primera División was in 2006 against Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata. 
On January 30, 2013 moved to Serie A club Palermo, signing a contract until 2016. In the Sicilian club finds Mauro Formica, former teammate Newell's Old Boys.
International career.
He made his international debut March 16, 2011 against Venezuela in a 4-1 victory. The second appearance comes on 20 April in a 2-2 draw against Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="18648602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648602" title="David Barr">
David Barr

David or Dave Barr may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18648608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648608" title="Olli Mannermaa">
Olli Mannermaa

Olli Mannermaa (1921–1998) was a Finnish interior architect. He was born in Turku. 
His two sibling brothers Pentti and Esko Mannermaa.

</doc>
<doc id="18648621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648621" title="Central Avenue (MBTA station)">
Central Avenue (MBTA station)

Central Avenue is a station on MBTA's Ashmont–Mattapan High Speed Line, a branch of the Red Line. The station is located on Central Avenue off Eliot Street on the border of Milton, Massachusetts and Boston, Massachusetts. Central Avenue consists of two side platforms which serve the Ashmont–Mattapan High Speed Line's two tracks. The station opened in 1929 along with the rest of the line. It closed on June 24, 2006, for a yearlong renovation of the Ashmont-Mattapan High Speed Line. Central Avenue reopened on December 22, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18648648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648648" title="Gentile (disambiguation)">
Gentile (disambiguation)

Gentile in translations of the Bible refers to a non-Jew, a member of non-Israelite tribes.
Gentile may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18648682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648682" title="Diego Alberto Torres">
Diego Alberto Torres

Diego Alberto Torres (born 3 July 1982 in Bragado) is an Argentine footballer. He currently plays for Arsenal de Sarandí, on loan from Newell's Old Boys.
Career.
Torres started his career in Quilmes Atlético Club where he played 105 games and scored 10 goals. He was part of the team that won promotion from the 2nd division and quilified for Copa Libertadores in the following season. Subsequently, he joined Newell's Old Boys. Torres lost his place in the Newell's team due to an injury he sustained in his 4th game with the Rosario club. He returned for the 2008 Apertura and scored a game winner against Lanús.

</doc>
<doc id="18648689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648689" title="Third Frontier">
Third Frontier

The Third Frontier Project is a type of economic development initiative by the State of Ohio to expand research and technology economic development in the state. Initiated in 2002, the Third Frontier Commission executes the ten year, $1.6 billion project through a long list of programs, and the Third Frontier Advisory Board advises the Commission.
Goals of the Project include:
Third Frontier Commission plans to achieve its goals as a tech incubator, through financial support of new products and firms in targeted business clusters in the earliest stages (seed financing or earlier) of development. Through the Third Frontier Project, additional federal and private sector support can boost the total investment to more than $6 billion.
Third Frontier Programs.
the Biomedical Research and Technology Transfer (BRTT) Partnership Award Program.
Validation Fund & Seed Fund Initiative
Third Frontier Reports Available.
Two reports were published evaluating the Third Frontier initiative. The full text findings of each report is available online. 
In December 2009, the Ohio Business Roundtable published "Ohio Third Frontier: Analysis of Performance." This report conducts "a quantitative analysis of the performance of the Ohio Third Frontier as it relates to
economic measures such as leverage, product sales, tax revenues, return on investment, companies
created, employment gains, and other impacts."
In September 2009, SRI International published "Making an Impact: Assessing the Benefits of Ohio's Investment Technology-Based Economic Development Programs". This report states it was published because "the Ohio Department of Development (ODOD) sought a rigorous, objective, and credible assessment of the impacts of key technology-based economic development (TBED) programs on Ohio’s current economy, as well as indicators of future impact. ODOD engaged SRI International and its partner, the Georgia Institute of Technology’s Enterprise Innovation Institute, with the guidance of the Ohio Third Frontier Advisory Board and Commission, to address a series of questions:
Results.
Through 2010 the program has been credited with attracting 637 new high-tech companies to the state and 55,000 new jobs with an average salary of $65,000, while having a $6.6 billion economic impact with an investment return ratio of 9:1. In 2010 it won the International Economic Development Council's "Excellence in Economic Development Award", celebrated as a national model of success.

</doc>
<doc id="18648690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648690" title="Vijay Bhargava">
Vijay Bhargava

Vijay K. Bhargava (विजय भार्गव; born September 22, 1948) is a researcher and Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of British Columbia (UBC). He served the department as its Head for 5 years (July 2003-June 2008). Before moving to UBC, Dr. Bhargava was a Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at University of Victoria.
Dr. Bhargava received his B.Sc. from Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario in 1970. He received his M.Sc. and Ph.D. from the same university in 1972 and 1974 respectively. He has been appointed in regular and visiting positions at the University of Victoria (UVic), Indian Institute of Science, University of Waterloo, Concordia University, Ecole Polytechnique de Montreal, UNIDO, NTT Wireless Comm. Labs, Tokyo Institute of Technology, University of Indonesia, the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, the University of Hong Kong and City University of Hong Kong.
Dr. Bhargava was the founder and President of Binary Communications Inc. from 1983 to 2000. He is a co-author/co-editor of several books including "Green Radio Communication Networks" (2012), "Digital Communications by Satellite: Modulation, Multiple Access, and Coding" (1981), "Cooperative Cellular Wireless Communications" (2011), "Reed Solomon Codes and their Applications" (1994), "Communications, Information and Network Security" (2003) and "Cognitive Wireless Communication Networks" (2007).
Dr. Bhargava is Fellow of the IEEE and is very active in the same. He has served as the President of the Information Theory Society, VP for Regional Activities Board, Director of Region 7, Montreal Section Chair and Victoria Section Chair. He is a past member of the Board of Governors of the IEEE Communications Society (ComSoc) and the IEEE Information Theory Society. He was nominated by the IEEE BoD as a candidate for the office of President-Elect in 1996 and 2002. He was the editor-in-chief of the IEEE Transactions on Wireless Communications from 2007-2009. He also served the IEEE Communications Society as the Director of Journals. Vijay Bhargava is the current President of the IEEE Communications Society.
Dr. Bhargava has been selected to appear on ISIHighlyCited.com as an Institute for Scientific Information highly cited researcher because of his exceptional citation count. Thomson Reuters's ISIHighlyCited.com is a free, publicly available website intended to highlight the world's most cited authors from the past 25 years. Less than one half of one percent of all publishing authors meet the criteria for inclusion on the site. Dr. Bhargava is among the only twenty researchers listed on ISIHighlyCited.com from UBC.
In September 2008, the "International Workshop on Advances in Communications (VijayFest 2008)" was organized in honour of the distinguished career of Dr. Bhargava on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday. In 2009, Dr. Vahid Tarokh, professor at Harvard University, dedicated his edited book "New Directions in Wireless Communications Research" to Dr. Bhargava ""in deep respect and admiration for his over 30 years of extraordinary leadership and innovation in the field of communications research"".

</doc>
<doc id="18648699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648699" title="Richard Tapper Cadbury">
Richard Tapper Cadbury

Richard Tapper Cadbury (1768 – 13 March 1860) came to Birmingham in 1794 and started a linen draper's business in partnership with a fellow Quaker. His children included John Cadbury who was given help to start a tea and coffee business that would develop into Cadbury's.
Biography.
Cadbury came from Exeter and he was born around 1768. His father was a maker of serge and he was apprenticed to a draper in Gloucester, after which he worked for others in the town. He entered into partnership with Joseph Rutte in Birmingham from 1794, and he married Elizabeth Head from Ipswich in 1796. Two years later the partnership with Rutte was dissolved.
They had ten children: John, James, Ann, Maria, Lucretia, Sarah, Emma Joel, Elizabeth Head, Richard, Benjamin Head, and Joel. In addition, Elizabeth ran the business in his absence. They had a sizable house in the city centre and in 1824, Cadbury senior financed John Cadbury to start a tea and coffee business next door; Benjamin ran the main business from 1829. Richard was given a wage and was able to take on good works.
Cadbury continued to develop the business, but also took a role in civil affairs. He served on Birmingham General Hospital's Board and that of the Eye Hospital as well as getting involved in the affairs of the Town Council.
Cadbury was an abolitionist and in 1840 attended the World's Anti-Slavery Convention at Freemasons' Hall, London. Delegates came from several different countries and a commemorative painting, now displayed in the National Portrait Gallery, records all the notable people who were present. Tapper Cadbury is right at the back of the crowd and his portrait is one of the smallest.
Cadbury died in 1860, the same year that John Cadbury broke his financial links with his brother and shortly after left the business to be run in turn by his sons.

</doc>
<doc id="18648714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648714" title="Wyoming Highway 230">
Wyoming Highway 230

Wyoming Highway 230 is known locally as Meg the Mumbler Road and travels from Wyoming Highway 130 approximately south of Saratoga south from there to intersect WYO 70 in Riverside and then heads southeast to the Colorado-Wyoming State Line. The Route continues southeast in Colorado as Colorado State Highway 125, then it turns northeast as Colorado State Highway 127. At the Wyoming-Colorado State Line, Wyoming 230 resumes. Highway 230 then heads northeast towards Laramie to end at Business Loop I-80/US 30/US 287 in Laramie. Wyoming Highway 230 provides a scenic and less-traveled alternative for travelers who want to avoid Interstate 80 and US 30 but cannot take Wyoming Highway 130 which is closed in the winter.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 230 basically crosses the same type of terrain as Wyoming Highway 130. The part of Highway 230 from WYO 130, south of Saratoga and the Wyoming-Colorado State Line slowly climbs out of the Platte Valley to a height of over . At there is a junction with Wyoming Highway 70 in the community of Riverside where route 70 heads west to Baggs and 230 turns southeast towards the state line. At the state line WYO 230 ends briefly and the roadway continues southeast into Colorado as SH 125. into Colorado there is a junction with SH 127 north of Cowdrey, Colorado. SH 127 heads northeast approximately back into Wyoming where that state highway ends and WYO 230 resumes. From there Wyoming 230 climbs again into the southeastern edge of the Snowy Range Mountains through mostly forested areas. At 51.8 miles (Wyoming State Highway miles) there is a junction with Wyoming Highway 10 in Woods Landing. Further east along the Highway 230, it the route descends into the Laramie Basin. Highway 230 meets WYO 130 just west of Laramie, and the two routes run together into Laramie as Snowy Range Road. (This is the only instance in Wyoming where two state routes are merged). There is an interchange with Interstate 80 (Exit 311) at , and route 230 ends at at I-80 BUS/US 30/US 287 (3rd Street).

</doc>
<doc id="18648717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648717" title="Balfour Hospital">
Balfour Hospital

Balfour Hospital is a rural general hospital in Kirkwall, run by NHS Orkney. It is the main hospital in Orkney.
Services.
Balfour Hospital has 48 beds in six wards.
History.
Orkney's first hospital was established in October 1845, in what is today the Kirkwall West End Hotel. In 1836, John Balfour of Trenabie set up a charitable trust for the founding of a hospital with the interest from £20,000 worth of Mexican government bonds. In 1845, the trustees of the hospital fund bought the house from local merchant, James Shearer, together with the two large gardens and blacksmith's shop on the west side of the street, for £450. At first known simply as the Orkney Hospital, it became the Balfour Hospital in 1853, in recognition of the contribution of the Balfour family, a name which continues at Orkney's present hospital in New Scapa Road, Kirkwall. The West End served as a hospital well into the 20th century, its replacement opening in 1927.
A Macmillan House ward for cancer patients opened in Balfour Hospital in March 2000, its predecessor, at the Eastbank Hospital, had opened in 1993.
Hospital mortality figures are the worst in Scotland with a higher than expected death rate in 23 of the last 27 quarters, resulting in 128 more deaths than expected, but the small numbers involved mean that little reliance can be placed on the figures.

</doc>
<doc id="18648723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648723" title="Philibert Tsiranana">
Philibert Tsiranana

Philibert Tsiranana (18 October 1912 – 16 April 1978) was a Malagasy politician and leader, who served as the first President of Madagascar from 1959 to 1972.
During the twelve years of his administration, the Republic of Madagascar enjoyed institutional stability that stood in contrast to the political turmoil many countries of the African mainland experienced in this period. This stability contributed to Tsiranana's popularity and his reputation as a remarkable statesman. Compared with the leaders of other developing countries of the time, his conduct appears honorable. Madagascar experienced moderate economic growth under his pragmatic socialist policies and came to be known as "the Happy Island." However, the democratization process was fraught with challenges and his term ultimately terminated in a political impasse that brought about the end of the democratic First Republic and ushered in the isolationist, Soviet-inspired socialist Second Republic.
The "benevolent schoolmaster" public image that Tsiranana cultivated disguised intense firmness that tended toward authoritarianism. Nonetheless, he remains an esteemed Malagasy political figure remembered throughout the country as its "Father of Independence."
Early life.
According to his official biography, Tsiranana was born on 18 October 1912 in Ambarikorano, Sofia Region, in northeastern Madagascar. Born to Madiomanana and Fisadoha Tsiranana, Catholic cattle ranchers from the Tsimihety ethnic group, Philibert was destined to become one himself. However, following the death of his father in 1923, Tsiranana's brother, Zamanisambo, suggested that he attend a primary school in Anjiamangirana.
A brilliant student, Tsiranana was admitted into the regional school of Analalava in 1926, where he graduated with a brevet des collèges. In 1930, he enrolled in the Le Myre de Vilers normal school in Tananarive, named after former resident-general of Madagascar Charles Le Myre de Vilers, where he entered the "Section Normale" program, preparing him for a career teaching in primary schools. After completing his studies, he started a teaching career in his hometown. In 1942, he began receiving instruction in Tananarive for middle school teaching and by 1945, he succeeded in the teacher assistant competitive examinations, allowing him to serve as a professor in a regional school. In 1946, he obtained a scholarship to the École normale d'instituteurs in Montpellier, France, where he worked as a teacher assistant. He left Madagascar on 6 November.
Later life.
He was part of the Tsimihety ethnic group. Well-educated, Tsiranana eventually entered politics and was elected to the National Assembly of Madagascar. In 1956, he was elected to one of Madagascar's three seats in the French National Assembly. He then helped to form the Social Democratic Party (PSD), a moderate party which supported autonomy for Madagascar from France, but not full independence. Tsiranana became vice-president of the executive council in 1957, being the only person to hold that new position in Madagascar. He became prime minister in 1958, and, when it was decided that Madagascar would receive independence, he became a candidate for President. In 1959, the post of Prime Minister was abolished and Tsiranana became Madagascar's first president.
Like most African leaders of his time, Tsiranana created an authoritarian, one-party state. By the 1960s, his Social Democratic Party was the only major political party in Madagascar. In 1971, his government brutally crushed a rebellion. Early in 1972, the government was confronted with student protests against the dominance of French culture and the many economic problems of Madagascar. The protests were crushed, but so much unrest was created that Tsiranana dissolved the government in May 1972 and appointed General Gabriel Ramanantsoa as prime minister. In October 1972, Tsiranana resigned as President and handed power to Ramanantsoa. Though he still had some support within the country, Tsiranana had been severely ill for a couple of years and generally stayed out of politics for the few months before his death.
Tsiranana's son Philippe stood in the 2006 presidential election, placing twelfth with only 0.02% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18648759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648759" title="Dennis Ashbaugh">
Dennis Ashbaugh

Dennis John Ashbaugh (born 1946 in Red Oak, Iowa) is an internationally acclaimed American painter and artist who lives and works in New York City.
He was the first artist to employ DNA marking patterns in paintings, in his 1992 work Designer Gene. Ashbaugh’s use of light and color in his large scale paintings of autoradiographs have drawn comparison to Mark Rothko.
He is the longtime companion of author Alexandra Penney and has been characterized by the New York Times as a “charismatic ex‐surfer whose address book can probably hold its own against that of the most aggressive jet set type”.
Early life.
Ashbaugh moved with his family to Southern California at the age 6, where he learned to surf and lived next door to the
now famous Dana Point Mafia. He earned a Bachelor of Arts and a Master’s Degree from the University of
California. He moved to New York City in 1969 to take up residence near leading artists and began immediately showing
his paintings in galleries throughout the city and internationally.
Awards and exhibitions.
Upon arriving in New York City, Ashbaugh quickly achieved critical and commercial success. He received a New York
Council for the Arts Creative Artists Public Service (CAPS) grant in 1975, and prestigious Guggenheim Fellowship in 1976,
in addition to numerous smaller fellowships and grants throughout his forty year career.
Ashbaugh has been featured in hundreds of exhibitions, including a solo exhibition at the Whitney Museum of American
Art, The Metropolitan Museum of Art, PS1, The Seattle Museum of Art, The Orange County Museum of Art, La Jolla
Museum of Art, and the Americas Society. He has exhibited internationally in London, Paris, Brussels, Tehran, Capri,
Sweden, Spain, Portugal, and Slovenia.
Most recently, in 2007, Ashbaugh had a 200 page book full scale retrospective at IVAM entitled “Say Goodbye to The
Past” ‐ including a monograph and catalog by distinguished art historian Barbara Rose. The National Academy of
Sciences mounted a survey of Ashbaugh’s recent paintings in 2006 with a full color catalog by J.D. Talasek.
Collaboration with William Gibson.
Ashbaugh is well known for his 1992 collaboration with science fiction and cyberpunk novelist cyberpunk pioneer
William Gibson, AGRIPPA A BOOK OF THE DEAD. Gibson’s influence, and that of his friend and fellow cyberpunk novelist
Bruce Sterling, on Ashbaugh is undeniable. Ashbaugh himself notes, “Their writings had an important impact on me…
When I first walked through the chaos of the East Village and thought, ‘Oh what a lovely place this is.’ It changed my
notion of urban decay”.
Dominant themes and issues.
Ashbaugh has continually reinvented himself as contemporary society, and the issues facing it, evolve. Dominant themes
of his works are computers, clones, DNA, networks, and viruses (computer and biological) ‐ though he does not use
computers to create these works.
Current work.
Ashbaugh is currently working on a new series of painting titled “Hiding In Plain Sight”, which focus on privacy issues, ubiquitous surveillance, and genetic databases in the context of 21st century art.
Ashbaugh has produced a series of prints and drawings and large group of mosquito trap sculptures, which can be seen
at www.mosquitoesmustdie.com. He is working on a book of the same title. These sculptures were the subject of a New
Yorker article by Patricia Marx in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18648776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648776" title="Early history of private equity">
Early history of private equity

The early history of private equity relates to one of the major periods in the history of private equity and venture capital. Within the broader private equity industry, two distinct sub-industries, leveraged buyouts and venture capital experienced growth along parallel although interrelated tracks. 
The origins of the modern private equity industry trace back to 1946 with the formation of the first venture capital firms. The thirty-five-year period from 1946 through the end of the 1970s was characterized by relatively small volumes of private equity investment, rudimentary firm organizations and limited awareness of and familiarity with the private equity industry.
Pre-history.
Investors have been acquiring businesses and making minority investments in privately held companies since the dawn of the industrial revolution. Merchant bankers in London and Paris financed industrial concerns in the 1850s; most notably Credit Mobilier, founded in 1854 by Jacob and Isaac Pereire, who together with New York based Jay Cooke financed the United States Transcontinental Railroad. 
Jay Gould also acquired, merged, and organized railroads and telegraph companies in the second half of the 19th century, including Western Union, the Erie Railroad, Union Pacific and the Missouri Pacific Railroad.
Later, J. Pierpont Morgan's J.P. Morgan & Co. would finance railroads and other industrial companies throughout the United States. In certain respects, J. Pierpont Morgan's 1901 acquisition of Carnegie Steel Company from Andrew Carnegie and Henry Phipps for $480 million represents the first true major buyout as they are thought of today.
Due to structural restrictions imposed on American banks under the Glass–Steagall Act and other regulations in the 1930s, there was no private merchant banking industry in the United States, a situation that was quite exceptional in developed nations. As late as the 1980s, Lester Thurow, a noted economist, decried the inability of the financial regulation framework in the United States to support merchant banks. US investment banks were confined primarily to advisory businesses, handling mergers and acquisitions transactions and placements of equity and debt securities. Investment banks would later enter the space, however long after independent firms had become well established. 
With few exceptions, private equity in the first half of the 20th century was the domain of wealthy individuals and families. The Vanderbilts, Whitneys, Rockefellers and Warburgs were notable investors in private companies in the first half of the century. In 1938, Laurance S. Rockefeller helped finance the creation of both Eastern Air Lines and Douglas Aircraft and the Rockefeller family had vast holdings in a variety of companies. Eric M. Warburg founded E.M. Warburg & Co. in 1938, which would ultimately become Warburg Pincus, with investments in both leveraged buyouts and venture capital.
Origins of modern private equity.
It was not until after World War II that what is considered today to be true private equity investments began to emerge marked by the founding of the first two venture capital firms in 1946: American Research and Development Corporation. (ARDC) and J.H. Whitney & Company.
ARDC was founded by Georges Doriot, the "father of venture capitalism" (former dean of Harvard Business School), with Ralph Flanders and Karl Compton (former president of MIT), to encourage private sector investments in businesses run by soldiers who were returning from World War II. ARDC's significance was primarily that it was the first institutional private equity investment firm that raised capital from sources other than wealthy families although it had several notable investment successes as well. ARDC is credited with the first major venture capital success story when its 1957 investment of $70,000 in Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) would be valued at over $355 million after the company's initial public offering in 1968 (representing a return of over 500 times on its investment and an annualized rate of return of 101%). Former employees of ARDC went on to found several prominent venture capital firms including Greylock Partners (founded in 1965 by Charlie Waite and Bill Elfers) and Morgan, Holland Ventures, the predecessor of Flagship Ventures (founded in 1982 by James Morgan). ARDC continued investing until 1971 with the retirement of Doriot. In 1972, Doriot merged ARDC with Textron after having invested in over 150 companies.
J.H. Whitney & Company was founded by John Hay Whitney and his partner Benno Schmidt. Whitney had been investing since the 1930s, founding Pioneer Pictures in 1933 and acquiring a 15% interest in Technicolor Corporation with his cousin Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. By far, Whitney's most famous investment was in Florida Foods Corporation. The company, having developed an innovative method for delivering nutrition to American soldiers, later came to be known as Minute Maid orange juice and was sold to The Coca-Cola Company in 1960. J.H. Whitney & Company continues to make investments in leveraged buyout transactions and raised $750 million for its sixth institutional private equity fund in 2005.
Before World War II, venture capital investments (originally known as "development capital") were primarily the domain of wealthy individuals and families. One of the first steps toward a professionally-managed venture capital industry was the passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The 1958 Act officially allowed the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to license private "Small Business Investment Companies" (SBICs) to help the financing and management of the small entrepreneurial businesses in the United States. Passage of the Act addressed concerns raised in a Federal Reserve Board report to Congress that concluded that a major gap existed in the capital markets for long-term funding for growth-oriented small businesses. Additionally, it was thought that fostering entrepreneurial companies would spur technological advances to compete against the Soviet Union. Facilitating the flow of capital through the economy up to the pioneering small concerns in order to stimulate the U.S. economy was and still is the main goal of the SBIC program today. The 1958 Act provided venture capital firms structured either as SBICs or Minority Enterprise Small Business Investment Companies (MESBICs) access to federal funds which could be leveraged at a ratio of up to 4:1 against privately raised investment funds. The success of the Small Business Administration's efforts are viewed primarily in terms of the pool of professional private equity investors that the program developed as the rigid regulatory limitations imposed by the program minimized the role of SBICs. In 2005, the SBA significantly reduced its SBIC program, though SBICs continue to make private equity investments.
Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley (1959 - 1981).
During the 1960s and 1970s, venture capital firms focused their investment activity primarily on starting and expanding companies. More often than not, these companies were exploiting breakthroughs in electronic, medical or data-processing technology. As a result, venture capital came to be almost synonymous with technology finance. 
It is commonly noted that the first venture-backed startup was Fairchild Semiconductor (which produced the first commercially practicable integrated circuit), funded in 1959 by what would later become Venrock Associates. Venrock was founded in 1969 by Laurance S. Rockefeller, the fourth of John D. Rockefeller's six children as a way to allow other Rockefeller children to develop exposure to venture capital investments.
It was also in the 1960s that the common form of private equity fund, still in use today, emerged. Private equity firms organized limited partnerships to hold investments in which the investment professionals served as general partner and the investors, who were passive limited partners, put up the capital. The compensation structure, still in use today, also emerged with limited partners paying an annual management fee of 1-2% and a carried interest typically representing up to 20% of the profits of the partnership.
An early West Coast venture capital company was Draper and Johnson Investment Company, formed in 1962 by William Henry Draper III and Franklin P. Johnson, Jr. In 1964 Bill Draper and Paul Wythes founded Sutter Hill Ventures, and Pitch Johnson formed Asset Management Company.
The growth of the venture capital industry was fueled by the emergence of the independent investment firms on Sand Hill Road, beginning with Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital in 1972. Located, in Menlo Park, CA, Kleiner Perkins, Sequoia and later venture capital firms would have access to the burgeoning technology industries in the area. By the early 1970s, there were many semiconductor companies based in the Santa Clara Valley as well as early computer firms using their devices and programming and service companies. Throughout the 1970s, a group of private equity firms, focused primarily on venture capital investments, would be founded that would become the model for later leveraged buyout and venture capital investment firms. In 1973, with the number of new venture capital firms increasing, leading venture capitalists formed the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). The NVCA was to serve as the industry trade group for the venture capital industry. Venture capital firms suffered a temporary downturn in 1974, when the stock market crashed and investors were naturally wary of this new kind of investment fund. It was not until 1978 that venture capital experienced its first major fundraising year, as the industry raised approximately $750 million. During this period, the number of venture firms also increased. Among the firms founded in this period, in addition to Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia, that continue to invest actively are:
Venture capital played an instrumental role in developing many of the major technology companies of the 1980s. Some of the most notable venture capital investments were made in firms that include:
Early history of leveraged buyouts (1955-1981).
McLean Industries and public holding companies.
Although not strictly private equity, and certainly not labeled so at the time, the first leveraged buyout may have been the purchase by Malcolm McLean's McLean Industries, Inc. of Pan-Atlantic Steamship Company in January 1955 and Waterman Steamship Corporation in May 1955. Under the terms of the transactions, McLean borrowed $42 million and raised an additional $7 million through an issue of preferred stock. When the deal closed, $20 million of Waterman cash and assets were used to retire $20 million of the loan debt. The newly elected board of Waterman then voted to pay an immediate dividend of $25 million to McLean Industries.
Similar to the approach employed in the McLean transaction, the use of publicly traded holding companies as investment vehicles to acquire portfolios of investments in corporate assets would become a new trend in the 1960s popularized by the likes of Warren Buffett (Berkshire Hathaway) and Victor Posner (DWG Corporation) and later adopted by Nelson Peltz (Triarc), Saul Steinberg (Reliance Insurance) and Gerry Schwartz (Onex Corporation). These investment vehicles would utilize a number of the same tactics and target the same type of companies as more traditional leveraged buyouts and in many ways could be considered a forerunner of the later private equity firms. In fact, it is Posner who is often credited with coining the term "leveraged buyout" or "LBO"
Posner, who had made a fortune in real estate investments in the 1930s and 1940s acquired a major stake in DWG Corporation in 1966. Having gained control of the company, he used it as an investment vehicle that could execute takeovers of other companies. Posner and DWG are perhaps best known for the hostile takeover of Sharon Steel Corporation in 1969, one of the earliest such takeovers in the United States. Posner's investments were typically motivated by attractive valuations, balance sheets and cash flow characteristics. Because of its high debt load, Posner's DWG would generate attractive but highly volatile returns and would ultimately land the company in financial difficulty. In 1987, Sharon Steel sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. 
Warren Buffett, who is typically described as a stock market investor rather than a private equity investor, employed many of the same techniques in the creation on his Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate as Posner's DWG Corporation and in later years by more traditional private equity investors. In 1965, with the support of the company's board of directors, Buffett assumed control of Berkshire Hathaway. At the time of Buffett's investment, Berkshire Hathaway was a textile company, however, Buffett used Berkshire Hathaway as an investment vehicle to make acquisitions and minority investments in dozens of the insurance and reinsurance industries (GEICO) and varied companies including: American Express, The Buffalo News, the Coca-Cola Company, Fruit of the Loom, Nebraska Furniture Mart and See's Candies. Buffett's value investing approach and focus on earnings and cash flows are characteristic of later private equity investors. Buffett would distinguish himself relative to more traditional leveraged buyout practitioners through his reluctance to use leverage and hostile techniques in his investments.
KKR and the pioneers of private equity.
The industry that is today described as private equity was conceived by a number of corporate financiers, most notably Jerome Kohlberg, Jr. and later his protégé, Henry Kravis. Working for Bear Stearns at the time, Kohlberg and Kravis along with Kravis' cousin George Roberts began a series of what they described as "bootstrap" investments. They targeted family-owned businesses, many of which had been founded in the years following World War II and by the 1960s and 1970s were facing succession issues. Many of these companies lacked a viable or attractive exit for their founders as they were too small to be taken public and the founders were reluctant to sell out to competitors, making a sale to a financial buyer potentially attractive. Their acquisition of Orkin Exterminating Company in 1964 is among the first significant leveraged buyout transactions. In the following years, the three Bear Stearns bankers would complete a series of buyouts including Stern Metals (1965), Incom (a division of Rockwood International, 1971), Cobblers Industries (1971) and Boren Clay (1973) as well as Thompson Wire, Eagle Motors and Barrows through their investment in Stern Metals. Although they had a number of highly successful investments, the $27 million investment in Cobblers ended in bankruptcy. 
By 1976, tensions had built up between Bear Stearns and Kohlberg, Kravis and Roberts leading to their departure and the formation of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts in that year. Most notably, Bear Stearns executive Cy Lewis had rejected repeated proposals to form a dedicated investment fund within Bear Stearns and Lewis took exception to the amount of time spent on outside activities. Early investors included the Hillman Family By 1978, with the revision of the ERISA regulations, the nascent KKR was successful in raising its first institutional fund with approximately $30 million of investor commitments.
Meanwhile in 1974, Thomas H. Lee founded a new investment firm to focus on acquiring companies through leveraged buyout transactions, one of the earliest independent private equity firms to focus on leveraged buyouts of more mature companies rather than venture capital investments in growth companies. Lee's firm, Thomas H. Lee Partners, while initially generating less fanfare than other entrants in the 1980s, would emerge as one of the largest private equity firms globally by the end of the 1990s.
The second half of the 1970s and the first years of the 1980s saw the emergence of several private equity firms that would be survive through the various cycles both in leveraged buyouts and venture capital. Among the firms founded during these years were:
Management buyouts also came into existence in the late 1970s and early 1980s. One of the most notable early management buyout transactions was the acquisition of Harley-Davidson. A group of managers at Harley-Davidson, the motorcycle manufacturer, bought the company from AMF in a leveraged buyout in 1981, but racked up big losses the following year and had to ask for protection from Japanese competitors.
Regulatory and tax changes impact the boom.
The advent of the boom in leveraged buyouts in the 1980s was supported by three major legal and regulatory events:
In the years that would follow these events, private equity would experience its first major boom, acquiring some of the famed brands and major industrial powers of American business.
The first private equity boom (1982 to 1993).
The decade of the 1980s is perhaps more closely associated with the leveraged buyout than any decade before or since. For the first time, the public became aware of the ability of private equity to affect mainstream companies and "corporate raiders" and "hostile takeovers" entered the public consciousness. The decade would see one of the largest booms in private equity culminating in the 1989 leveraged buyout of RJR Nabisco, which would reign as the largest leveraged buyout transaction for nearly 17 years. In 1980, the private equity industry would raise approximately $2.4 billion of annual investor commitments and by the end of the decade in 1989 that figure stood at $21.9 billion marking the tremendous growth experienced.

</doc>
<doc id="18648779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648779" title="Dreams of the Raven">
Dreams of the Raven

Dreams of the Raven is a "" novel written by Carmen Carter.
Plot.
A mysterious distress call leads to the USS "Enterprise" being attacked by the same forces assaulting the other ship. Dozens of Enterprise crew members die in the attack and Chief Medical Officer Leonard McCoy is critically injured. Although the Doctor recovers from his injuries physically, mentally he has lost of all sense of his former identity. Kirk discovers it is much more difficult tracking down their new enemies without McCoy's always valued advice.

</doc>
<doc id="18648804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648804" title="Laurel Lake Mills">
Laurel Lake Mills

Laurel Lake Mills is an historic textile mill site located at 951 Broadway in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The company was organized in 1881 for the manufacture of cotton yarns, with John P. Slade its first president. Mill No. 1 was built soon after.
The attached Mill No. 2 was later added. The mills were steam powered and are constructed of native Fall River granite.
Production of textiles ceased in 1931.
The site was determined eligible for the National Historic Register in 1983, but omitted due to owner's objection.

</doc>
<doc id="18648805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648805" title="Sebastián Grazzini">
Sebastián Grazzini

Sebastián Hugo Grazzini (born 25 January 1981) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Asteras Tripoli F.C. in the Superleague Greece, as a Attacking midfielder.
Career.
Grazzini has played for a number of clubs in Argentina, Spain, Belgium, Venezuela and Italy. He began his career in the youth ranks of Central Córdoba. He impressed while with Central Córdoba and was signed by Spain's Sevilla FC, playing with the club's reserve side Sevilla Atlético. He then went on to play for
Virton in Belgium before returning to Central Córdoba the following season. After a brief stop with Unión de Sunchales Grazzini left Argentina and signed with Venezuela's Italchaco. While with Italchaco Grazzini appeared in 15 matches and scored 6 goals. He then returned to Europe for the 2007–08 season joining Italy's Sestrese. While in Italy Grazzini was at top form scoring 22 goals in 45 matches.
In 2008 he returned to Argentina to play for Newell's Old Boys, the team his entire family has supported. Grazzini scored his first goal for Newell's in a 4–0 away win over Argentinos Juniors. On 13 March 2009, Racing Club de Avellaneda signed the midfielder on a free transfer. While with Racing Grazzini appeared in 34 matches and scored 5 goals, his most productive season in Argentina. Subsequently, for the 2010–11 season, Grazzini joined All Boys. He appeared in 22 matches for All Boys scoring 5 goals.
In June 2011 it was reported that Grazzini would be joining Major League Soccer side Chicago Fire on a one year deal. The Fire officially announced signing Grazzini on 13 July 2011.
On 17 August 2012, Chicago Fire loaned Grazzini to Atlético de Rafaela for the remainder of the MLS season.

</doc>
<doc id="18648825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648825" title="Oklahoma Sooners football, 1910–19">
Oklahoma Sooners football, 1910–19

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18648826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648826" title="CutBank">
CutBank

CutBank is a literary journal that is affiliated with the University of Montana's creative writing program. The journal was founded in 1973 with the help of William Kittredge among others. It is the third incarnation of the magazine at the university. The first was founded in 1920 and called the "Montanan" which was later changed to "Frontier". It awards the prestigious Montana Prize in Fiction, Montana Prize in Creative Nonfiction, and Patricia Goedicke Prize in Poetry. It publishes fiction, nonfiction, poetry, reviews, and art, twice a year.
The 2012 Montana Prize in Fiction went to Matt Valentine, while the Montana Prize in Creative Nonfiction went to Daisy Pitkin, and the Patricia Goedicke Prize in Poetry went to Jeff Downey.
Previous contributors to "CutBank" include Steve Almond, Pam Houston, Jacob M. Appel, and Dara Wier.

</doc>
<doc id="18648830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648830" title="Rise (Flobots song)">
Rise (Flobots song)

"Rise" is the second single released by the alternative rap group Flobots from Denver, Colorado. It was released from Flobots' album "Fight with Tools".
Track listing.
CD
Play.com (UK Maxi) (MP3 EP)
Music video.
The Flobots filmed a music video for this song on July 6, 2008, at the Gothic theater In Denver, Colorado. 
The video shows a rock concert intermixed with scenes of pro-American posters and people working to make the world a better place, such as planting trees and committing random acts of kindness. 
The video features almost everyone in some form of American Flag bandanna, much like the cover for Flobot's album "Fight with Tools." In the video, multiple references are made to the website americawillbe.org, a pro-peace website dedicated to the visions of what people want USA to be.
Chart performance.
On September 13, 2008, "Rise" charted on the "Billboard" Hot Modern Rock Tracks at number 36. So far, the song has peaked at number 33.

</doc>
<doc id="18648852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648852" title="The Romulan Way">
The Romulan Way

The Romulan Way is a "" novel written by Diane Duane and Peter Morwood.
Plot.
Deep-cover Federation spy Agent Terise LoBrutto has her carefully maintained life disrupted by an unpleasant discovery. The chief medical officer of the USS "Enterprise", Dr. McCoy, has been captured. It's up to LoBrutto to rescue McCoy.

</doc>
<doc id="18648868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648868" title="Atlas of Our Changing Environment">
Atlas of Our Changing Environment

Atlas of Our Changing Environment is a series of atlases published by the United Nations Environment Programme. This series includes:
These publications primarily make use of historical and recent satellite data alongside maps and photos to highlight areas of environmental change around the globe.

</doc>
<doc id="18648870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648870" title="Ric Viers">
Ric Viers

Ric Viers (born 1973) is an American sound designer. He has also worked as a film director, screenwriter, and author.
Viers has worked in freelance sound design since 1997, with his work appearing in libraries for Sound Ideas, The Hollywood Edge, Video Helper, and others. He has provided sound effects for companies such as Apple, Sony, and Adobe. Viers is the world's largest independent provider of sound effects to the movie, television, radio, and video game industries, with over 250,000 sound effects and over 650 libraries by 2012. His work appears under many titles and pseudonyms such as Blastwave FX, The Detroit Chop Shop Sound Effects Library, The Sound Effects Bible Library, Dr. Sound Effects and others.
Viers founded the Detroit Chop Shop, a post-sound production facility located in Macomb, Michigan. In 2007, Viers released his 100th sound effects library and founded Blastwave FX, a high definition sound effects publishing company, producing nearly 50,000 sound effects within the first five years.
Viers received a degree in film studies from Full Sail University and has published two books with Michael Wiese Productions, "The Sound Effects Bible" (2008) and "The Location Sound Bible" (2012).
In 2009, Viers became a spokesperson for Rode Microphones, producing video tutorials for the company's Rode University website; highlighting Rode's broadcast microphones. He is often a spokesperson for Sony Creative Software and is a frequent special quest speaker for Sony at NAB (National Association of Broadcasters) Conference in Las Vegas, NV; Rode Microphones, hosting several web video series for the company's Rode University site, promoting the use of their broadcast microphones; and other companies.
In 2011, Viers's studio launched a web series on The Sound Effects Bible's YouTube Channel called "The Detroit Chop Shop Video Diaries" which documents the work of Viers and his team.
Sound Effects Libraries.
The following is a limited discography of Viers's work. Credits range from producer, sound designer to partial contributor.

</doc>
<doc id="18648879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648879" title="Clelia Matania">
Clelia Matania

Clelia Matania (London, 18 September 1918 – Rome 13 October 1981) was a British born Italian actress and voice actress.
Life and career.
Born in London, the daughter of the Capri-born naturalized Briton painter Fortunino Matania (best known as Saturnino), Matania attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and also followed courses of ballet, singing and music. When the family returned to Italy, she entered the company of the Arts Theater directed by Anton Giulio Bragaglia. In the second half of the thirties and during the war she was one of the most popular and requested young actresses of prose in Italy, then, from 1942, she also starred with some success in several revues. Her stage activity include works with Totò, Eduardo De Filippo and the musical comedy "Enrico '61" that she also rapresented in England, first in Liverpool and then in London, also participating in a Royal Performance in the presence of the Royal Family.
Her film career mainly consists of supporting roles as a character actress; due to her perfect knowledge of English, Matania was also often required for the international productions set in Italy. She was also a very active voice actress.
Matania was married to painter Guido Odierna.

</doc>
<doc id="18648880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648880" title="Private equity in the 1980s">
Private equity in the 1980s

Private equity in the 1980s relates to one of the major periods in the history of private equity and venture capital. Within the broader private equity industry, two distinct sub-industries, leveraged buyouts and venture capital experienced growth along parallel although interrelated tracks. 
The development of the private equity and venture capital asset classes has occurred through a series of boom and bust cycles since the middle of the 20th century. The 1980s saw the first major boom and bust cycle in private equity. The cycle which is typically marked by the 1982 acquisition of Gibson Greetings and ending just over a decade later was characterized by a dramatic surge in leveraged buyout (LBO) activity financed by junk bonds. The period culminated in the massive buyout of RJR Nabisco before the near collapse of the leveraged buyout industry in the late 1980s and early 1990s marked by the collapse of Drexel Burnham Lambert and the high-yield debt market.
Beginning of the LBO boom.
The beginning of the first boom period in private equity would be marked by the well-publicized success of the Gibson Greetings acquisition in 1982 and would roar ahead through 1983 and 1984 with the soaring stock market driving profitable exits for private equity investors.
In January 1982, former US Secretary of the Treasury William E. Simon, Ray Chambers and a group of investors, which would later come to be known as Wesray Capital Corporation, acquired Gibson Greetings, a producer of greeting cards. The purchase price for Gibson was $80 million, of which only $1 million was rumored to have been contributed by the investors. By mid-1983, just sixteen months after the original deal, Gibson completed a $290 million IPO and Simon made approximately $66 million. Simon and Wesray would later complete the $71.6 million acquisition of Atlas Van Lines. The success of the Gibson Greetings investment attracted the attention of the wider media to the nascent boom in leveraged buyouts.
Between 1979 and 1989, it was estimated that there were over 2,000 leveraged buyouts valued in excess of $250 million Notable buyouts of this period (not described elsewhere in this article) include:
Because of the high leverage on many of the transactions of the 1980s, failed deals occurred regularly, however the promise of attractive returns on successful investments attracted more capital. With the increased leveraged buyout activity and investor interest, the mid-1980s saw a major proliferation of private equity firms. Among the major firms founded in this period were:
Additionally, as the market developed, new niches within the private equity industry began to emerge. In 1982, Venture Capital Fund of America, the first private equity firm focused on acquiring secondary market interests in existing private equity funds was founded and then, two years later in 1984, First Reserve Corporation, the first private equity firm focused on the energy sector, was founded.
Venture capital in the 1980s.
The public successes of the venture capital industry in the 1970s and early 1980s (e.g., DEC, Apple, Genentech) gave rise to a major proliferation of venture capital investment firms. From just a few dozen firms at the start of the decade, there were over 650 firms by the end of the 1980s, each searching for the next major "home run". While the number of firms multiplied, the capital managed by these firms increased only 11% from $28 billion to $31 billion over the course of the decade.
The growth the industry was hampered by sharply declining returns and certain venture firms began posting losses for the first time. In addition to the increased competition among firms, several other factors impacted returns. The market for initial public offerings cooled in the mid-1980s before collapsing after the stock market crash in 1987 and foreign corporations, particularly from Japan and Korea, flooded early stage companies with capital.
In response to the changing conditions, corporations that had sponsored in-house venture investment arms, including General Electric and Paine Webber either sold off or closed these venture capital units. Additionally, venture capital units within Chemical Bank (today CCMP Capital), Citicorp (today Court Square Capital Partners and CVC Capital Partners, First Chicago Bank (the predecessor of GTCR and Madison Dearborn Partners) and Continental Illinois National Bank (today CIVC Partners), among others, began shifting their focus from funding early stage companies toward investments in more mature companies. Even industry founders J.H. Whitney & Company and Warburg Pincus began to transition toward leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments. Many of these venture capital firms attempted to stay close to their areas of expertise in the technology industry by acquiring companies in the industry that had reached certain levels of maturity. In 1989, Prime Computer was acquired in a $1.3 billion leveraged buyout by J.H. Whitney & Company in what would prove to be a disastrous transaction. Whitney's investment in Prime proved to be nearly a total loss with the bulk of the proceeds from the company's liquidation paid to the company's creditors.
Although lower profile than their buyout counterparts, new leading venture capital firms were also formed including Institutional Venture Partners (IVP) in 1980, Draper Fisher Jurvetson (originally Draper Associates) in 1985 and Canaan Partners in 1987 among others.
Corporate raiders, hostile takeovers and greenmail.
Although the "corporate raider" moniker is rarely applied to contemporary private equity investors, there is no formal distinction between a "corporate raid" and other private equity investments acquisitions of existing businesses. The label was typically ascribed by constituencies within the acquired company or the media. However, a corporate raid would typically feature a leveraged buyout that would involve a hostile takeover of the company, perceived asset stripping, major layoffs or other significant corporate restructuring activities. Management of many large publicly traded corporations reacted negatively to the threat of potential hostile takeover or corporate raid and pursued drastic defensive measures including poison pills, golden parachutes and increasing debt levels on the company's balance sheet. Additionally, the threat of the corporate raid would lead to the practice of "greenmail", where a corporate raider or other party would acquire a significant stake in the stock of a company and receive an incentive payment (effectively a bribe) from the company in order to avoid pursuing a hostile takeover of the company. Greenmail represented a transfer payment from a company's existing shareholders to a third party investor and provided no value to existing shareholders but did benefit existing managers. The practice of "greenmail" is not typically considered a tactic of private equity investors and is not condoned by market participants. 
Among the most notable corporate raiders of the 1980s included Carl Icahn, Victor Posner, Nelson Peltz, Robert M. Bass, T. Boone Pickens, Harold Clark Simmons, Kirk Kerkorian, Sir James Goldsmith, Saul Steinberg and Asher Edelman. Carl Icahn developed a reputation as a ruthless corporate raider after his hostile takeover of TWA in 1985. The result of that takeover was Icahn systematically selling TWA's assets to repay the debt he used to purchase the company, which was described as asset stripping. In later years, many of the corporate raiders would be re-characterized as "Activist shareholders".
Many of the corporate raiders were onetime clients of Michael Milken, whose investment banking firm, Drexel Burnham Lambert helped raise blind pools of capital with which corporate raiders could make a legitimate attempt to takeover a company and provided high-yield debt financing of the buyouts.
Drexel Burnham raised a $100 million blind pool in 1984 for Nelson Peltz and his holding company Triangle Industries (later Triarc) to give credibility for takeovers, representing the first major blind pool raised for this purpose. Two years later, in 1986, Wickes Companies, a holding company run by Sanford Sigoloff would raise a $1.2 billion blind pool. 
In 1985, Milken raised a $750 million for a similar blind pool for Ronald Perelman which would ultimate prove instrumental in acquiring his biggest target: The Revlon Corporation. In 1980, Ronald Perelman, the son of a wealthy Philadelphia businessman, and future "corporate raider" having made several small but successful buyouts, acquired MacAndrews & Forbes, a distributor of licorice extract and chocolate, that Perelman's father had tried and failed to acquire it 10 years earlier. Perelman would ultimately divest the company's core business and use MacAndrews & Forbes as a holding company investment vehicle for subsequent leveraged buyouts including Technicolor, Inc., Pantry Pride and Revlon. Using the Pantry Pride subsidiary of his holding company, MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings, Perelman's overtures were rebuffed. Repeatedly rejected by the company's board and management, Perelman continued press forward with a hostile takeover raising his offer from an initial bid of $47.50 per share until it reached $53.00 per share. After receiving a higher offer from a white knight, private equity firm Forstmann Little & Company, Perelman's Pantry Pride finally was able to make a successful bid for Revlon, valuing the company at $2.7 billion. The buyout would prove troubling, burdened by a heavy debt load. Under Perelman's control, Revlon sold 4 divisions: two of which were sold for $1 billion, its vision care division was sold for $574 million and its National Health Laboratories division was spun out to the public market in 1988. Revlon also made acquisitions including Max Factor in 1987 and Betrix in 1989 later selling them to Procter & Gamble in 1991. Perelman exited the bulk of his holdings in Revlon through an IPO in 1996 and subsequent sales of stock. As of December 31, 2007, Perelman still retains a minority ownership interest in Revlon. The Revlon takeover, because of its well-known brand was profiled widely by the media and brought new attention to the emerging boom in leveraged buyout activity.
In later years, Milken and Drexel would shy away from certain of the more "notorious" corporate raiders as Drexel and the private equity industry attempted to move upscale.
RJR Nabisco and the Barbarians at the Gate.
Leveraged buyouts in the 1980s including Perelman's takeover of Revlon came to epitomize the "ruthless capitalism" and "greed" popularly seen to be pervading Wall Street at the time. One of the final major buyouts of the 1980s proved to be its most ambitious and marked both a high-water mark and a sign of the beginning of the end of the boom that had begun nearly a decade earlier. In 1989, KKR closed on a $31.1 billion takeover of RJR Nabisco. It was, at that time and for over 17 years, the largest leverage buyout in history. The event was chronicled in the book, "Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco", and later made into a television movie starring James Garner. 
F. Ross Johnson was the President and CEO of RJR Nabisco at the time of the leveraged buyout and Henry Kravis was a general partner at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts. The leveraged buyout was in the amount of $25 billion (plus assumed debt), and the battle for control took place between October and November 1988. KKR would eventually prevail in acquiring RJR Nabisco at $109 per share marking a dramatic increase from the original announcement that Shearson Lehman Hutton would take RJR Nabisco private at $75 per share. A fierce series of negotiations and horse-trading ensued which pitted KKR against Shearson Lehman Hutton and later Forstmann Little & Co. Many of the major banking players of the day, including Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, Salomon Brothers, and Merrill Lynch were actively involved in advising and financing the parties. 
After Shearson Lehman's original bid, KKR quickly introduced a tender offer to obtain RJR Nabisco for $90 per share—a price that enabled it to proceed without the approval of RJR Nabisco's management. RJR's management team, working with Shearson Lehman and Salomon Brothers, submitted a bid of $112, a figure they felt certain would enable them to outflank any response by Kravis's team. KKR's final bid of $109, while a lower dollar figure, was ultimately accepted by the board of directors of RJR Nabisco. KKR's offer was guaranteed, whereas the management offer (backed by Shearson Lehman and Salomon) lacked a "reset", meaning that the final share price might have been lower than their stated $112 per share. Additionally, many in RJR's board of directors had grown concerned at recent disclosures of Ross Johnson' unprecedented golden parachute deal. TIME magazine featured Ross Johnson on the cover of their December 1988 issue along with the headline, "A Game of Greed: This man could pocket $100 million from the largest corporate takeover in history. Has the buyout craze gone too far?". KKR's offer was welcomed by the board, and, to some observers, it appeared that their elevation of the reset issue as a deal-breaker in KKR's favor was little more than an excuse to reject Ross Johnson's higher payout of $112 per share. F. Ross Johnson received $53 million from the buyout. 
At $31.1 billion of transaction value, RJR Nabisco was by far the largest leveraged buyouts in history. In 2006 and 2007, a number of leveraged buyout transactions were completed that for the first time surpassed the RJR Nabisco leveraged buyout in terms of nominal purchase price. However, adjusted for inflation, none of the leveraged buyouts of the 2006 – 2007 period would surpass RJR Nabisco. Unfortunately for KKR, size would not equate with success as the high purchase price and debt load would burden the performance of the investment. 
Interestingly, two years earlier, in 1987, Jerome Kohlberg, Jr. resigned from Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. over differences in strategy. Kohlberg did not favor the larger buyouts (including Beatrice Companies (1985) and Safeway (1986) and would later likely have included the 1989 takeover of RJR Nabisco), highly leveraged transactions or hostile takeovers being pursued increasingly by KKR. The split would ultimately prove acrimonious as Kohlberg sued Kravis and Roberts for what he alleged were improper business tactics. The case was later settled out of court. Instead, Kohlberg chose to return to his roots, acquiring smaller, middle-market companies and in 1987, he would found a new private equity firm Kohlberg & Company along with his son James A. Kohlberg, at the time a KKR executive. Jerome Kohlberg would continue investing successfully for another seven years before retiring from Kohlberg & Company in 1994 and turning his firm over to his son. 
As the market reached its peak in 1988 and 1989, new private equity firms were founded which would emerge as major investors in the years to follow, including:
LBO bust (1990 to 1992).
By the end of the 1980s the excesses of the buyout market were beginning to show, with the bankruptcy of several large buyouts including Robert Campeau's 1988 buyout of Federated Department Stores, the 1986 buyout of the Revco drug stores, Walter Industries, FEB Trucking and Eaton Leonard. Additionally, the RJR Nabisco deal was showing signs of strain, leading to a recapitalization in 1990 that involved the contribution of $1.7 billion of new equity from KKR. Additionally, in response to the threat of unwelcome LBOs, certain companies adopted a number of techniques, such as the poison pill, to protect them against hostile takeovers by effectively self-destructing the company if it were to be taken over.
Contemporary reflections of private equity.
1980s reflections of private equity.
Although private equity rarely received a thorough treatment in popular culture, several films did feature stereotypical "corporate raiders" prominently. Among the most notable examples of private equity featured in motion pictures included:

</doc>
<doc id="18648918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648918" title="Camp Firwood">
Camp Firwood

Camp Firwood is an American Camp Association approved Christian summer camp situated on Lake Whatcom, southeast of Bellingham, Washington. It is part of "The Firs", a Christian camp and retreat ministry that is in good standing with the Christian Camp and Conference Association.
Overview.
History.
Camp Firwood was founded by Otis and Julia Whipple, who gathered 35 people for a five-day retreat at their property overlooking Lake Whatcom in July 1921. This was the start of what would become a multi-site, multi-program organization now called "The Firs". In 1954, a group of 30 Junior High campers paddling on Lake Whatcom landed on a camp site which they called "White Sands". With the permission of the property owner, the first week-long resident camp took place on this property, which soon become known as Camp Firwood. In 1955, Camp Firwood was purchased for $35,000.
Today, Camp Firwood runs ten weeks of camp for youth 7–18 years of age, and houses up to 260 campers a week. The camp now encompasses of beautiful forest, of waterfront, and its own private island. They host day camps and resident camps, both of which are co-ed. In 2010, they opened a new dining hall, dubbed the Centerhouse, to more adequately accommodate the growing number of campers. 
Also in 2010, the camp finished in the Top 5 for "Best Fun Place for Kids in Western Washington" by King5's "Evening Magazine".
Activities.
Although its main attractions are at the waterfront, Camp Firwood also hosts a variety of other activities including paintball, arts and crafts, a 10-stage high ropes challenge course, a climbing center, archery range, soccer field, basketball court, skateboard ramps, and a beach volleyball court. Water activities include a swimming beach, two aqua jump trampolines, an aqua swing, kayaking, canoeing, sailing, waterskiing, wakeboarding, and tubing. They also have a "blob."

</doc>
<doc id="18648925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648925" title="Parks &amp; Trails New York">
Parks &amp; Trails New York

Parks & Trails New York (PTNY) is the leading statewide not-for-profit parks and trails advocacy organization in New York State. Founded in 1985, and based in Albany, the state capital, PTNY is dedicated to protecting, expanding, and promoting a network of public parks, rail and canal trails, bike paths, greenways, and river walks throughout the state.
As the leading statewide voice for parks, Parks & Trails New York launched its Campaign for Parks in 2006 with the release of a highly acclaimed report, "Parks at a Turning Point – Restoring and enhancing New York’s state park system", which first raised the alarm that New York’s park facilities and infrastructure were aging and deteriorating. PTNY’s subsequent report, "The NYS Park System: An Economic Asset to the Empire State", served as the foundation for its aggressive grassroots organizing and activation of grassroots park Friends groups, which convinced the New York State Legislature to keep parks open in 2010 in the face of draconian proposed budget cuts.
To improve and enhance New York’s parks and historic sites and bring visibility to the entire park system and its needs, PTNY launched the annual I Love My Park Day, in which volunteers from across the state participate in cleanup, improvement, and beautification events at New York State parks and historic sites. In collaboration with New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation (OPRHP) this event will run on a statewide level, providing outreach, promotion, technical assistance and how-to organizer’s kits for friends groups to use for their individual events. Friends groups and park staff will oversee cleanup, improvement and beautification projects and work with volunteers. The first annual I Love My Park Day was held on May 5, 2012, where thousands of volunteers, including NYS Governor Andrew Cuomo, helped carry out site improvement projects at more than 40 state parks. In addition, PTNY continues to connect with local friends groups to create a state-wide network of park advocates and supporters. The "You Gotta Have Friends" newsletter gives updates about parks throughout the state and is designed for friends of the NYS park system.
Another of Parks & Trails New York’s priority initiatives is the development and promotion of a statewide network of multi-use trails. As part of this effort, under its Healthy Trails, Healthy People program, PTNY has worked with hundreds of local groups and municipalities interested in creating, supporting, and promoting local multi-use trails. PTNY also founded and spearheads the Statewide Trails Coalition, which advocates for increased funding and supportive public policies for community trails and the statewide trails network. 
As part of its technical assistance to grassroots park and trail groups, PTNY's Growing the Grassroots program provides capacity-building grants to groups interested in strengthening their outreach, communications, membership development, or fundraising. 
Since 1998, Parks & Trails New York has been working in partnership with the New York State Canal Corporation to help communities along the 524-mile NYS Canal System organize, plan, and develop the Canalway Trail and to build awareness of the Erie Canal corridor as a premier destination for bicyclists and other outdoor enthusiasts. A new report from PTNY and the Canalway Trails Association New York (CTANY), "Closing the Gaps: A Progress Report on the Erie Canalway Trail", cites the progress being made to close the five remaining gaps in the 365-mile canalway trail. PTNY's campaign to Close the Gaps, endorsed by Senator Kirsten Gillibrand in the fall of 2010, has generated dramatically renewed interest in completing the trail among citizens, community leaders, and elected officials at all levels of government. Also, PTNY publishes a Canalway Trail Times newsletter, giving updates and information surrounding the Canalway Trail.
In addition to organizing and supporting local park and trail groups through workshops and other targeted technical assistance, Parks & Trails New York provides an interactive web site, Trail Finder Maps, a guide to more than 110 trails in New York State; and alerts, updates and other essential information for parks and trail users and activists, including electronic and print newsletters ("Parks & Trails E-NEWS" and "GreenSpace").
Bike Tours.
PTNY sponsors an annual eight-day cross-state bicycle tour along the Erie Canal and publishes a popular guidebook, Cycling the Erie Canal, available on-line and in hard copy.
PTNY also sponsors an annual six-day bicycle tour of the historic Hudson Valley, starting in Albany and ending in New York City. In 2012, the first edition of "Cycling the Hudson Valley" was published. This guide to history, art, and nature on the East and West sides of the majestic Hudson River is also available on-line and in hard copy.

</doc>
<doc id="18648941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648941" title="Leandro Torres">
Leandro Torres

Leandro Torres (born 4 November 1988 in Rosario) is an Argentine football player who plays for Buriram United. He usually plays as an attacking midfielder.
Torres began his playing career in 2006 with Newell's Old Boys, he made his league debut on 5 November 2006 in a 0-1 home defeat to Independiente. After making 38 league appearances for Newell's Torres joined Godoy Cruz in 2009. 
On July 2010 he was loaned with an option to buy to Ecuadorian giants Emelec where he currently is trying to make his way to the starting line up.

</doc>
<doc id="18648944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648944" title="Otisville Tunnel">
Otisville Tunnel

It is currently owned by Metro-North, having been sold by the Norfolk Southern Railway in 2003.
History.
The tunnel was built in 1908 by the Erie Railroad at the highest point of the Graham Line. The original Erie main line went over the hill and connected at both ends with the tunnel. Later the "over the hill" tracks were abandoned and all trains ran through the tunnel.
It later operated under the auspices of the merged Erie Lackawanna Railway from 1960 to 1976, and then Conrail from 1976 until it was acquired by Norfolk Southern as part of the breakup of Conrail.
Metro-North took over passenger service in 1983.
Location.
It passes underneath the Shawangunk Ridge at Otisville, New York just past Otisville Station on the Metro-North Port Jervis Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18648951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648951" title="RTX2010">
RTX2010

The RTX2010 radiation-hardened microprocessor manufactured by Intersil is a radiation hardened stack machine microprocessor which has been used in numerous spacecraft.
Characteristics.
It is a two-stack machine, each stack 256 words deep each, that supports direct execution of Forth. Subroutine calls and returns only take one processor cycle and it also has a very low and consistent interrupt latency of only four processor cycles, which lend it well to realtime applications.
History.
In 1983, Chuck Moore implemented a processor for his programming language Forth as a gate array. As Forth can be considered a dual stack virtual machine, he made the processor, Novix N4000, as a dual-stack machine. In 1988, an improved processor was sold to Harris Semiconductor, who marketed it for space applications as the RTX2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18648970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648970" title="Life In-Between">
Life In-Between

Life In-Between is the debut album by rock band Royal Bliss. It was released January 13, 2009 as a joint collaboration between Merovingian Music and Caroline Records under the exclusive license to Capitol Records. The album's first single, "Save Me", was released July 15, 2008. It is currently available for sale digitally at all major online retailers (iTunes, Amazon, Rhapsody, etc.). The song impacted radio only one day earlier on the 14th with a total of 11 adds at radio and climbing to 25 within a few days. Merovingian Music "(abrv MRV)" has released two web sites to accompany and promote the new single "Save Me". The first is an interactive e-card which provides to anyone that may be unfamiliar, an excellent introduction to the band. The second is a media packed web tools site for those who want to take action and promote. This site provides to the public a plethora of marketing tools and the necessary knowledge to use them effectively. 
In October 2008 the band's label released the first video single for the song, "Save Me". To coincide with the videos release, ThePuppetVideo.com was put in place to view the video and help raise awareness. The video features a protagonist puppet used to explore the band's tormented psyche and shows the devolution and decline of the human condition when all hope is lost. A masked man in stop-motion symbolizes the character in a state of emotional decay and turmoil as he morphs into an actual puppet who is void of feeling, emotion and life itself, thus symbolizing that the fight is over and that he has lost all resemblance to his former self and has now become completely dehumanized.
The album was promoted by 97.5 The Blaze, a radio station in Salt Lake City under the call sign KZZQ (formerly KHTB). Also, the songs "Devils & Angels" and "Here They Come" were originally released on the band's previous album, "After the Chaos II". In addition to those two tracks, the song "Brave" was also re-recorded for the album, but didn't make it.
Track listing.
All Songs Published By Royal Bliss LLC, (ASCAP)

</doc>
<doc id="18648976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648976" title="Vila Nova de Cacela">
Vila Nova de Cacela

Vila Nova de Cacela, or simply Cacela, is a town and civil parish in the municipality of Vila Real de Santo António, the southeasternmost of the Algarve, Portugal. Cacela is an exclave of the municipality of Vila Real de Santo António, one of only three in Portugal to have exclaves. A lagoon and popular beaches exist by the coast of this civil parish.

</doc>
<doc id="18648988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18648988" title="True Love (Pat Benatar album)">
True Love (Pat Benatar album)

True Love is the eighth studio album, and ninth album overall, by Pat Benatar. It is a jump blues record released in 1991. It peaked at #37 on the U.S. Billboard 200. Pat Benatar recorded the album with Neil Giraldo, Myron Grombacher and the Roomful of Blues horn section and drummer. The CD of the album included the seasonal standard "Please Come Home for Christmas" as a bonus track, which was released to the US Troops serving in the Gulf War, and was not included on foreign vinyl pressings of the album. The album is a combination of covers and original tracks. The album ended up selling over 339,000" copies with little radio airplay. Pat Benatar was the May artist of the month for VH-1 in 1991 in support of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18649008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649008" title="Ferenc Nemeth">
Ferenc Nemeth

Ferenc Nemeth (born 1976) is a Hungarian jazz drummer, and composer.
Biography.
Nemeth was born in Keszthely, Hungary. At 14 he left home to study classical percussion at the Richter János Conservatory in Győr. He also attended the Franz Liszt Academy of Music and received a scholarship to the Berklee College of Music. He later studied at the New England Conservatory in their graduate program. In 2001 he was accepted into the Thelonious Monk Institute of Jazz and studied there until 2003. He has played with musicians such as Herbie Hancock, Wayne Shorter, Christian McBride, John Patitucci, Terence Blanchard, John Abercrombie, Joshua Redman, Dave Samuels, Mark Turner, Ron McClure, Chris Cheek, Aaron Goldberg, Eli Degibri,Illayaraja and many more. He is also a member of Gilfema with Lionel Loueke and Massimo Biolcati. Nemeth's "Night Songs" was nominated for the 7th Annual Independent Music Awards for Jazz Album of the year.
Discography.
AS A LEADER
AS MEMBER OF GILFEMA
AS SIDEMAN

</doc>
<doc id="18649043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649043" title="The IDIC Epidemic">
The IDIC Epidemic

The IDIC Epidemic is a ' novel written by Jean Lorrah. This novel is especially beloved by Star Trek fans because it provided a very gratifying explanation of why the Klingons seen in the original series have a very different appearance from the "Imperial" Klingons with huge forehead ridges seen later from the movies forward. However, The IDIC Epidemic's explanation is incompatible with the definitive explanations delivered much later during the 4th season of ', episodes "" & "". For about 17 years, this novel's explanation for the discontinuity was the most satisfactory answer fans had, so it remains a notable landmark to those who read it.
Plot.
I.D.I.C. – Infinite Diversity in Infinite Combination. More than just a simple credo, for those of the planet Vulcan, it is the cornerstone of their philosophy.
Now, on the Vulcan Science Colony Nisus, that credo of tolerance is being put to its sternest test. For there, on a planet where Vulcan, human, Klingon, and countless other races live and work side by side, a deadly plague has sprung up, a plague whose origins are somehow rooted in the concept of I.D.I.C. itself, a plague that threatens to tear down that centuries-old maxim and replace it with an even older concept.
Intersellar War—Book Description

</doc>
<doc id="18649049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649049" title="10th Battalion (Canadians), CEF">
10th Battalion (Canadians), CEF

The 10th Battalion, Canadian Expeditionary Force was a Canadian field force unit created during the First World War. Technically distinct from the Militia from which its soldiers were drawn the unit served in the Canadian Expeditionary Force (CEF), specifically in the 1st Canadian Division from 1914 to 1919. It later was perpetuated by both The Calgary Highlanders and The Winnipeg Light Infantry. The battalion participated in every major Canadian battle of the First World War, and set a record for the most decorations earned by a Canadian unit in a single battle at Hill 70. The unit was known to its contemporaries simply as "The Fighting Tenth".
The 10th Battalion is perpetuated by The Royal Winnipeg Rifles and The Calgary Highlanders.
History.
The Canadian Expeditionary Force was a separate entity created by Canada's Minister of Militia in 1914 for service to Britain in the First World War. Technically distinct from the standing land forces in existence at the time, soldiers were legally attested into the CEF in order to serve overseas. Hughes refused to mobilize the existing Militia units as units, and instead numbered battalions were created into which a combination of Permanent Force (regular) soldiers, Militia (reservists) and civilian volunteers were combined.
The Provisional 10th Battalion of the Canadian Expeditionary Force was created around cadres of Militiamen from two existing units; the 103rd Regiment (Calgary Rifles) and the 106th Regiment (Winnipeg Light Infantry). The unit was assembled at Valcartier in Quebec, and sailed for the United Kingdom with the first Canadian contingent in late 1914. Their commanding officer was Lieutenant Colonel Russ L. Boyle, a veteran of the war in South Africa and in 1914 the commander of the 15th Light Horse, an Alberta cavalry unit.
The unit trained on Salisbury Plain, and went into the trenches in France in early 1915 with the rest of the Division.
War service.
The battalion was awarded 20 battle honours for its service in France and Flanders.
Ypres, 1915–17 — The Second Battle of Ypres in 1915 was the first major action for the 1st Canadian Division. It was also the first instance on the Western Front of the use of poison gas as a weapon of war. A wide scale German attack using this gas routed two entire French divisions, but the First Canadian Division held firm, at a cost of some 6,000 of its 10,000 men. It was during this battle that the St. Julien battle was fought, and the counter-attack at Kitcheners' Wood was mounted, for which the Oak Leaf shoulder badge distinction was eventually granted.
The Third Battle of Ypres in 1917 describes very large operations in this area, including the Battle of Passchendaele.
As a note on pronunciation – while the people of Flanders pronounce this name as "ee-pray" (and in fact have changed the spelling to Ieper), to many Canadians who served and died there, it was known more familiarly simply as "Wipers".
Gravenstafel — The Gravenstafel Ridge was a low rise east of Ypres, one of the key features in the German attacks from 24–26 April 1915. The 10th Battalion by this point, after suffering heavily in its counter-attacks of 22–23 April, mustered only 174 men but still contributed enough to the defence of the position to merit a battle honour for their work.
Saint-Julien — The town of St. Julien was located east of Ypres, in the south-western part of Belgium known as Flanders. The 10th Battalion was called forward on the night of 22–23 April to counterattack the strong German formation advancing through a large gap in the line created by the rout of two French divisions. Forming up in front of the Sixteenth Battalion, the two units mounted a hasty assault on an oak plantation known as Bois de Cuisineres, or Kitcheners' Wood, so named because the French had located their field kitchens there. The assault cost the life of the 10th's Commanding Officer, Lieutenant Colonel Boyle, and of the 816 men who crossed the start line on 22 April, only some 193 survived. Nonetheless, the German advance was stopped. This action moved the overall commander of the French Army to describe the attack as the single bravest act of the entire war.
Festubert, 1915 — Fought twenty kilometres north of Vimy, France, this unsuccessful attempt to capture K5, a small hill, was stopped short with heavy losses due to wet terrain, strong German defences, and little time to prepare.
Mount Sorrel — Another unsuccessful assault, this counter-attack by the 10th Battalion was launched on a small knoll in the Ypres Salient on 3 June 1916. Considerable losses were suffered. Despite the relatively low height of this feature, it provided an excellent viewpoint over the otherwise flat terrain in the area and was of considerable strategic importance.
Somme, 1916 — The Canadians were not involved in the opening phases of this campaign, which began on 1 July 1916 – the "July Drive." That first day was the bloodiest day in the history of the British Army, with 20,000 men being killed and 40,000 more being wounded. That opening day was only the beginning of several months of major operations by both the British and French armies. By the time the battle wound down to an official conclusion in November, hundreds of thousands of soldiers on both sides of the lines had been killed, and thousands more maimed and injured. The 10th Battalion was involved in a series of operations from 8 September and 17 October, primarily defensive actions which were successful, north of Albert, France near the town of Boiselle.
Thiepval — Thiepval Ridge, near the town of Courcelette, represented a successful offensive operation for the 10th Battalion, fought on 26 September 1916, at the cost of 241 casualties.
Ancre Heights — Another successful defensive battle fought by the 10th Battalion, during the Somme Campaign, near the town of Albert, France. Modest casualties were suffered during the action on 10–11 September 1916.
Arras, 1917 — The Arras battles refer to the overall British offensives in that area of Northern France, the first battle (in 1917) of which included the dramatic Canadian capture of Vimy Ridge. The 10th Battalion fought in the Arras battles of 1917 and 1918 though the official battle honour only reflects the 1917 battles (see footnote).
Vimy, 1917 — Intended as a diversion to draw attention away from French actions farther south, and often serving only as a footnote to the less successful overall Battle of Arras in 1917 waged by the British armies, Vimy was the greatest victory of the war for the Canadian Corps, which by 1917 numbered four divisions. In a dramatic assault on Easter Monday, the 9th of April, and representing the best in Canadian tactical ingenuity, military engineering, and technical innovation, the Canadians seized most of this dominating feature in a few short hours, and finally clearing the entire ridge in three days. The British and French had been unable to clear these heights since the Germans first seized them in 1914, and had lost more men in the process of trying than the Canadians as a whole started out with on 9 April. The 10th Battalion had its own role to play in this great drama, and reached all its objectives on time, at the cost of 374 casualties.
Arleux — The Arleux Loop was a follow up to the Vimy operation, launched on 28 April 1917, aimed at capturing a major German billeting area at Arleux-en-Gohelle. The operation went in over open ground and produced serious casualties.
Hill 70 — Rising only 15 feet over surrounding terrain, this hill north of Lens, Belgium was the scene of a diversionary attack to relieve pressure on the city of Lens itself. On 15–16 August 1917, a strong German counter-attack was repulsed by the 10th Battalion. Private Harry Brown, who was killed acting as a courier during this battle, was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross. In addition to the VC, three DSOs, 7 MC, 9 DCMs and 60 (!) MMs were earned by the 10th Battalion, giving the 10th Battalion the distinction of receiving more medals than any other Canadian combat unit in a single action in the course of the First World War.
Passchendaele — Named for a village located on a low rise in the Ypres Salient, the very word Passchendaele has become synonymous with suffering and waste. Strong German defences in this area, developed over the course of more than two years, gave the British extremely hard going.
The 10th Battalion were called out of reserve to assist an attack on Hill 52, part of the same low rise Passchendaele itself was situated on. The battalion was not scheduled to attack, but the CO wisely prepared his soldiers as if they would be making the main assault—a decision that paid dividends when the unit was called out of reserve. On 10 November 1917, the 10th Battalion took the feature with light casualties.
Amiens — The offensive Allied campaign under the command of Marshall Foch of the French Army cleared the Germans from positions near the important rail centre of Amiens. Consisting of a series of battles fought from August to September 1918, it signalled the beginning of the end of the war on the Western Front.
Scarpe, 1918 — A defensive operation, finding the 10th Battalion once again in the Somme sector. A successful defence of the Fampoux area on the Anzain-Arras Road was made beside the Scarpe River, between 27 April and 4 May 1918.
Drocourt-Quéant — The D-Q Line, as it was commonly known, was but a part of the famous Hindenburg Line, a large series of German fortifications and defensive positions. During the Amiens campaign mentioned above, the 10th Battalion was part of a successful advance along the Arras-Cambrai road towards Viller-lez-Cagnicourt. Acting Sergeant Arthur Knight was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross for his exemplary courage during this action.
Hindenburg Line — The last line of defence for the German Army in the Amiens campaign, broken when Cambrai fell on 9 October 1918, and the beginning of a German retreat that would not end until the Armistice on 11 November.
Canal du Nord — The last major operation of the 10th Battalion, part of the Battle of Cambrai. The Fighting 10th mounted a crossing of this obstacle on 27–28 September 1918, suffering heavy losses.
Pursuit to Mons — The fight at Mons in August 1914 had been one of the opening acts of the war on the Western Front, and the city had great sentimental significance to the British, who had lost it to the Germans. The 10th Battalion entered the newly captured city during the war's last days, when it was a prime objective for the British Army seeking revenge, and were there when the Armistice was declared.
France and Flanders, 1915–18 — This battle honour reflects the continuous service by the battalion from February 1915, when it went into the lines in France, to November 1918. During the First World War, more than 1300 soldiers were killed while serving as members of the 10th Battalion, Canadian Expeditionary Force.
Postwar.
The battalion crossed the Rhine as part of the Canadian occupation force in 1918, and returned to Canada in 1919. The battalion remained in existence on paper into 1920, until the Otter Commission resolved the question of how to perpetuate the CEF in the postwar army. The thorny problem of who would lay claim to the traditions of the 10th Battalion was solved by permitting a dual perpetuation by the Calgary Highlanders and the Winnipeg Light Infantry, whose predecessors had contributed men to the initial drafts that created the 10th in 1914.
Japanese.
The 10th Battalion was noted for accepting, apparently without prejudice, significant numbers of Japanese-Canadians into its ranks during the war. Other Canadian battalions rejected these volunteers on racial grounds; several were decorated for bravery during their service with the 10th Battalion. The Calgary Highlanders Gallery at The Military Museums in Calgary has a dedicated display to the contributions of these soldiers.
Regimental associations.
Returning veterans created the 10th Battalion Association and remained active as a veterans group in the interwar years. The group was responsible for obtaining a stand of regimental colours for the battalion in 1953, which were laid up in Knox United Church in Calgary. In 1956, the 10th Battalion Association was merged with The Calgary Highlanders Association to become the 10th Battalion Calgary Highlanders Association. In 2012, this organization changed its name to The Calgary Highlanders Regimental Assocciation. The group is still active today under that designation.
Cultural references.
The 10th Battalion is depicted in two major films, "Legends of the Fall", and "Passchendaele".
The pipe tune "Machine Gunner Wally Bennett" was written by a member of the Regimental Pipes and Drums of The Calgary Highlanders in honour of Sergeant Wally Bennett, a veteran of the 10th Battalion.
Monuments.
Calgary-area soldiers who died with the 10th Battalion are memorialized on the Calgary Soldiers' Memorial. 10th Battalion soldiers who went missing in combat are listed on the Vimy Memorial and Menin Gate.

</doc>
<doc id="18649067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649067" title="Walter Fretes">
Walter Fretes

Walter Milciades Fretes (born 18 May 1982) is a Paraguayan football player that usually plays as a right midfielder for Universitario de Deportes.
During his career he played for teams like Cerro Porteño, Chiapas of Mexico and Newell's Old Boys of Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18649093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649093" title="Heritage Trail">
Heritage Trail

Heritage Trail can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18649096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649096" title="Gotham Screen Film Festival &amp; Screenplay Contest">
Gotham Screen Film Festival &amp; Screenplay Contest

GOTHAM SCREEN is the newest addition to New York City's film festival scene.
After its debut in 2007 as a screenplay contest, Gotham Screen, or GSIFF International Film Festival, has been expanded to showcase shorts and feature films. This year's festival will take place in downtown Manhattan, at the Quad Cinema, from October 4–14, 2012.
This festival gives filmmakers the chance to have their work shown and critically judged in New York. Gotham Screen specializes in fresh voices and perspectives from local, national and international filmmakers. The mission of the festival is to create a positive industry and audience exposure for works that would otherwise not easily get seen. The concurrently held screenplay contest also holds regular readings throughout the year.
The festival's International Showcase will this year host a selection of European, Middle Eastern and Asian feature films, shorts and documentaries, while the New American Cinema section brings the latest in US shorts and independents.
About the festival.
The GOTHAM SCREEN film festival showcases new feature, documentary and short films from independent, first- or second-time directors as well as international releases making their East Coast or US debut. The festival focuses on new names and lesser known filmmaking regions. There is a $1,000 cash prize for Best Short Film.
The GOTHAM SCREEN Screenplay Contest is aimed at first and second time screenwriters and comes with a $2,500 cash prize for the winning screenplay. In addition, excerpts from selected contest entries will be performed live at a staged reading during the festival.
The 2012 Festival and Screenplay Contest was held in Manhattan from October 4–14, 2012, at the Quad Cinema, Tribeca Grand and other venues in downtown Manhattan.
2010 Festival.
The 2010 Festival and Screenplay Contest was held in Manhattan from October 7–17, 2010, at the Tribeca Cinemas, Tribeca Grand and other venues in downtown Manhattan.
2010 Awards Winners.
The winning films and screenplays were announced at the industry brunch on the closing day of the 2010 Gotham Screen Film Festival, Sunday, Oct 17, 2010:
Festival lineup 2010.
The 2010 festival lineup:
Festival lineup 2009.
The 2009 Festival and Screenplay Contest was held in Manhattan from October 20–25, 2009.
The highlights of the 2008 lineup:
Opening Night Premiere: Loft (2008 film) Belgium 2008 - Thursday, October 21, 8:30pm
A sexy Belgian thriller, starring Koen De Bouw, Filip Peeters, Matthias Schoenaerts, Veerle Baetens, Laura Verlinden and An Miller; Dir.: Erik Van Looy. U.S. Premiere.
Closing Night Premiere: The Understudy (film) US 2008- Sunday, October 25, 7:30pm
A cool New York comedy, starring Marin Ireland, Paul Sparks, Aasif Mandvi, Richard Kind, Tom Wopat, Gloria Reuben, Reiko Aylesworth; Dir: David Conolly & Hannah Davis. New York Premiere.
Special Screening: The Belgrade Phantom, Serbia 2008- Saturday, October 24, 9pm
A “Fast and Furious’ for the Socialist era” at the end of the 70s, starring Milutin Milošević, Radoslav Milenković, Marko Živić, Nada Macankovic; Dir: Jovan Todorović. U.S. Premiere.
Live Staged Reading: Tuesday, October 20, 7:30pm
A selection of excerpts from finalists for the Circleframe Award of the
Gotham Screen screenplay contest are performed live on stage. Free Event.
2009 Awards Winners.
The winning films and screenplays were announced on the closing day of the 2009 Gotham Screen Film Festival, Sunday, Oct 25, 2009:
2008 Awards Winners.
The winning films and screenplays were announced on the closing day of the 2008 Gotham Screen Film Festival, Sunday, Nov 2, 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="18649122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649122" title="Marienbad Elegy">
Marienbad Elegy

The Marienbad Elegy is a poem by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
This poem, considered one of Goethe's finest and most personal, reflects the devastating sadness the poet felt when Baroness Ulrike von Levetzow declined his proposal (Goethe did not propose to her personally, but via a friend, Carl August, Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach). Goethe was 73 years old, she was 18. He started writing the poem on 5 September 1823 in a coach which carried him from Cheb to Weimar and by his arrival on 12 September, it was finished. He showed it only to his closest friends.
Goethe never returned to Bohemia again. He died in Weimar in 1832.

</doc>
<doc id="18649138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649138" title="Augusto Mainguyague">
Augusto Mainguyague

Augusto Mainguyague (born September 10, 1985 in Laboulaye, Córdoba) is an Argentine football defender who plays for Instituto.
Career.
Mainguyague joined Newell's when he was 14 years old, and worked his way up to the first team. He made his flight top debut on February 25, 2007 in a loss to Lanús. 
In 2008 he was transferred on loan to Club Bolívar from the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano. Playing for Bolívar, Mainguyague won the pre-season Aerosur Cup, as well as the 2009 Apertura tournament. 
In January 2010 he joined Instituto of the Argentine 2nd division.

</doc>
<doc id="18649149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649149" title="Gerald L. Gordon">
Gerald L. Gordon

Gerald L. Gordon, Ph.D., is an economist and author, and is the president and chief executive officer of the Fairfax County Economic Development Authority (FCEDA) in Fairfax County, Virginia, a position he has held since late 1983.
Prior to joining the FCEDA, Gordon held positions with Arlington County, Virginia and the United States Department of Labor. Gordon has taught at the University of Maryland, College Park, George Mason University, and Virginia Commonwealth University. He has consulted with city and state governments throughout the United States and internationally. He has also served as a consultant to businesses, non-profit organizations, associations, colleges and universities, various government agencies including the United States Navy and the United Nations.
Gordon holds a bachelor’s degree from The Citadel, a master’s degree from George Washington University, and a doctorate in International Economics from the Catholic University of America. He is the author of numerous articles on strategic planning, economic development, leadership styles, and other management topics.
Gordon was awarded a Fulbright Award for study in Scotland, where he made a series of recommendations on how to maintain and develop skilled employment in the region, and the approaches to doing so to secure its economic future when a nuclear power plant closes. He planned to further explore the region’s huge potential for renewable energy but also come up with specific ways to implement inward investment into the northern Highland region.
Gordon is the author of 12 books. His most recent, "The Economic Viability of Micropolitan America", published by CRC Press (2013), "highlights cities and towns from Bangor, Maine, to Walla Walla, Washington to provide case studies on their economic past and future, illustrate dramatic shifts in the roles they play in larger economies, and address questions asked by these communities as they face an uncertain future." The book is the third in a series penned by Gordon and published by CRC Press.
"Reinventing Local and Regional Economies", published by CRC Press (2011), “delineates the dos and don’ts to observe in order to sustain economic vitality in any community.” The book examines the factors that led to the decline of some American cities after the loss of a major employer or industry by combining available research with more than 70 interviews of mayors, economic development leaders and others who lived and worked through the experience around the United States.
In 2009, Gordon published "The Formula for Economic Growth on Main Street America", also by CRC Press. The book is part of CRC's American Society for Public Administration series designed to increase national and international interest for topics in public administration. "The Formula for Economic Growth on Main Street America" draws on Dr. Gordon's experience at the FCEDA and his involvement in assisting communities around the world. Dr. Alan Merten, former president of George Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia, called the book "a comprehensive, analytic, and clear look at the importance and complexity of economic growth...an important read for both the expert and the student." In August 2010, Dr. Gordon appeared on the Fox Business Network providing advice on how a community can achieve a robust economic development program.
On April 23, 2010, Virginia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce (VAHCC)[http://www.vahcc.com/] presented a Bridge Builder Award to Dr. Gordon, at the VAHCC annual gala in Richmond. The chamber's Bridge Builder Awards honor those who forge connections among Virginia’s diverse racial, ethnic, religious and cultural groups.
Former recipients of Bridge Builder Awards include former Mexico President Vicente Fox, and U.S. Sen. (and former Virginia governor) Mark Warner.
The Fairfax Symphony Orchestra (FSO) presented Dr. Gordon, in June 2010, with a Dorothy Farnham Feuer Award. The Feuer Award, named for the orchestra's founder, recognizes an individual whose personal involvement and commitment significantly aided the FSO. Dr. Gordon received the award June 15 at the annual meeting of the FSO board of directors.
Dr. Gordon is a past president of the board. During his tenure, he oversaw the FSO’s 50th anniversary season and the search for a replacement of long-time music director William Hudson and made it a priority to diversify the FSO's board of directors to reflect the Fairfax County community. Gordon has also chaired the Arts Council of Fairfax County board since July 2011.
In June 2010, Dr. Gordon received the James M. Rees Award for distinguished community service from the Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce. Recipients are selected by the past chairmen of the chamber for their contributions to the local non-profit and business communities and to the chamber. The award honors the late James M. Rees, the 1982-83 chairman of the chamber and a member of the FCEDA Commission in the 1980s.
In December 2010, Gordon was named 2010 Virginia Business Person of the Year by Virginia Business magazine, which cited his role in helping attract major business headquarters to Fairfax County as a key factor in their decision.
In spring 2012, Dr. Gordon presented at the ICMA Regional Summit for professional development sessions, “Main Street America: Economic Development Lessons Learned and the Role of the Professional Manager," on March 15 (Decatur, Ga.) March 29 (Columbus, Ohio) April 12 (State College, Pa.) and May 3 (Oklahoma City, Okla.). Dr. Gordon shared the lessons on how to reinvent local and regional economies in the wake of long-term economic decline and more recent global economic trends.
In Sept. 2012, the FCEDA presented a symposium titled America’s Aging Workforce, which featured talks from industry and government leaders from the Washington, D.C., area and beyond on a variety of topics related to issues and opportunities presented by demographic shifts in the U.S. workforce. Gordon subsequently published a commentary in the Richmond Times-Dispatch reflecting data and viewpoints presented at the conference.
On June 11, 2013, the FCEDA announced that Dr. Gordon has been named chairman of The Foundation for Fairfax County Public Schools. He stepped down as chairman of the Arts Council of Fairfax County, a position he held since 2011, on June 17, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18649154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649154" title="Kenneth Newing">
Kenneth Newing

Kenneth Albert Newing OSB (born 29 August 1923) was the Anglican Bishop of Plymouth from 1982 to 1988.
Newing was educated at Dover Grammar School for Boys and Selwyn College, Cambridge. After a period of study at The College of the Resurrection, Mirfield he was ordained in 1955 and began his career with a curacy at Plymstock followed by a long period as Rector of Plympton St Maurice. In 1978 he became the Archdeacon of Plymouth and four years later its Suffragan Bishop. On resigning from the episcopate he joined the Anglican Benedictine community at Elmore Abbey (now based in Salisbury).

</doc>
<doc id="18649176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649176" title="Consuelo Hernández">
Consuelo Hernández

Consuelo Hernández (born 1952) is a Colombian /U.S. poet, scholar, literary critic and Associate Professor of Latin American studies at American University since 1995.
She has received an “Antonio Machado” Award for the poem “Polifonía sobre rieles” among participants from 29 countries. Madrid, Spain, October 17th, 2011. She is a finalist at the International poetry contest of "Ciudad Melilla" in Spain and at the concurso “Letras de Oro” at the University of Miami. In 2003 she received an award from the Salvadoran Consulate in New York for her poetry work. In 2005 her poetry collection "Manual de peregrina" was included in the Special Library’s collection at American University.
She has read her poetry in places such as the International Poetry Festival of Medellín, Library of Congress, New York Public Library, Haskell Center. Folger Shakespeare Library, La Fundación Pablo Neruda in Chile, Agencia Española de Cooperación Internacional in Madrid and Barcelona, Spain, King Juan Carlos I of Spain Center, New York University, University of Kentucky, City University of New York, University of Pecs in Hungary,and many other venues. Her poetry has been included in numerous anthologies in Latin America, Europe, Canada and the United States.
A worldwide traveler, since 1977 she left her native Colombia, lived in several countries and has visited more than thirty. She has earned a PhD from New York University, an MA from the Universidad Simón Bolívar (Caracas, Venezuela), and a BA from the Universidad de Antioquia (Medellín, Colombia).
Notes, Anthologies, and Articles.
INCLUSIONS IN ANTHOLOGIES OF POETRY 
2012 Include in the database "Latino Literature": Poetry, Drama, and Fiction. 2012. 
“Polifonía sobre rieles.” "Premios del Tren: Antonio Machado 2011". Madrid: Fundación de 
Ferrocarriles Españoles, 2012. 117-128. 
“Consuelo Hernández. Poemas” "Al pie de la Casa Blanca". Poetas Hispanos de Washington, DC. Luis Alberto Ambroggio and Carlos Parada Ayala (eds.). New York: Academia Norteamericana de la Lengua Española, 2010. pp. 209-224 
http://poetassigloveintiuno.blogspot.com/2010/09/1251-consuelo-
hernandez.html 
"Antología de literatura latina II". Ventana Abierta. Revista de Literatura, Arte y cultura. Centro de Estudios Chicanos y University of California, Santa Barbara. Vol. VII, No. 25, Otoño, 2008. 
"Pegasos de dos siglos: Poesía en Kentucky 1977-2007". Special issue of Hispanic Poetry Review. Commemorating 30 years of University of Kentucky Foreign Languages Conference. 
"Cut Loose the Body. An Anthology of Poems on Torture and Fernando Bolero’s Abu Ghraib Paintings". Rose Mary Berger and Joseph Ross, editors. Washington: The Katzen American University Museum, CAS, and DC Poets against the War. 2007. pp. 17, 24. 
Red Mundial de Escritores en Español: Remes. http://www.redescritoresespa.com/ 
"Antología Poética. Voces y memorias". República Dominicana: Editorial Búho, 2006. 
"Poetas en la Casa de la Luna." Margarito Cuéllar y Rei Berroa, editors. México: Editorial Verdahalago de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de Nuevo León, 2005. 
"Voces sin fronteras. Antología". Montreal, Québec, Canada Editions Alondras, 2006. 
"Antología internacional de poesía amorosa". Santiago Risso, editor. Lima, Perú: Ediciones Alejo, 2006. 
"Memoria poética. Tercer Encuentro Internacional de Poetas. El turno del Ofendido." Vladimir Baiza, et al., editors. El Salvador: Fundación Metáfora, 2006. 
"Mujer soledad y violencia. Antología Literaria". Cali, Colombia: Editorial Gente con Talento, 2005. p. 20-33. 
"Mujeres mirando al sur. Antología de poetas suramericanas en USA". Zulema Moret, editor. Madrid, Spain: Ediciones Torremozas, 2004. p. 122-136. 
"El español en Estados Unidos. Breve Antología literaria." Special issue Ventana Abierta Revista Latina de Literatura Arte y Cultura. Vol. IV, No. 16. Vol. V, No. 17. Primavera / Otoño 2004. University of California at Santa Barbara. 
"10 Poetas Latinoamericanos en USA." New York: Editorial Sin Fronteras, 2003. pp 38-53. 
"Cruzando puentes: Antología de literatura latina". Luis Leal y Víctor Fuentes, editors. University of California at Santa Bárbara: 2001-2002. 
"Dialogue through Poetry." 2001 Anthology. Adrian Taylor, R. Devineni and L. Srivastava, editors. New York: Rattapallax Press & Fictionopolis. 2002. And <http://www.dialoguepoetry. org>. Includes poems from around the world that were read to celebrate the UN Dialogue among Civilizations through Poetry. 
"El mercado," "Los músicos de Jazz," "La barraca," "Las pinturas de Pippin," and "Noche de Jazz." "Repertorio Internacional de Especialistas en la Africanía." 2nd edition. Universidad de Alcalá, Spain, 2001. 
"15 poetas colombianos en los Estados Unidos. Poesía migrante". Bogotá: El Tiempo, October 26, 1998. pp. 6-7. 
"Colombian Writers in the United States. Special issue. Brújula y Compass". No. 31. Winter 1998. publication of The Latin American Writers Institute and Eugenio María de Hostos Community College of CUNY. 
"A Celebration of Poetry. A Compilation of the International Library of Poetry". Maryland: Owings Mills, 1998. 
"Voices of America". Sistersville, West Virginia: Sparrowgrass Poetry Forum, 1997. 

</doc>
<doc id="18649220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649220" title="Joseph D. Novak">
Joseph D. Novak

Joseph Donald Novak (born 1932) is an American educator, and Professor Emeritus at the Cornell University, and Senior Research Scientist at the Florida Institute for Human & Machine Cognition. He is known for his development of concept mapping in the 1970s.
Biography.
Joseph Novak received a B.S. in Science and Mathematics in 1952 from the University of Minnesota, an M.S. in Science Education in 1954 from the University of Minnesota, and completed his graduate studies in Science Education & Biology at the University of Minnesota in 1958. 
Novak started teaching biology at Kansas State Teachers College at Emporia from 1957 to 1959, and biology and teacher education courses at Purdue University from 1959 to 1967. From 1967 to 1995, he was Professor of Education and Biological sciences at Cornell University. Since 1998 he is also Visiting Senior Scientist, at the University of West Florida, Institute for Human & Machine Cognition. Work with NASA, Navy, CIA(NIMA), etc. Further, he has consulted with more than 400 schools, universities and corporations, including recent current work with Procter and Gamble, and NASA, Dept. of Navy, and EPRI.
He has received a number of awards and honors including a 1998 Honorary Doctorate from The University of Comahue, Neuquén, Argentina, Honorary Doctorate, Public University of Navarra, Pamplona, Spain, 2002, Honorary Doctorate from the University of Urbino in 2006, and the first award for contributions to science education from the Council of Scientific Society Presidents.
Work.
Novak's research focused on human learning, educational studies and knowledge creation and representation. He has developed a theory of education to guide research and instruction, first published in 1977 and updated in 1998. 
His latest research work includes studies on student’s ideas on learning and epistemology, and methods of applying educational ideas and tools (such as concept mapping) in corporate settings and distance learning programs. Present work includes the development of 'expert" concept maps to "scaffold' learning, using CMapping with Internet and other resources, providing A New Model for Education.
Concept map.
Since the 1970s, Novak and his research team at Cornell University have developed the technique of concept mapping as a means of representing the emerging science knowledge of students. It has subsequently been used as a tool to increase meaningful learning in the sciences and other subjects as well as to represent the expert knowledge of individuals and teams in education, government and business. 
Concept maps have their origin in the learning movement called constructivism. In particular, constructivists hold that learners actively construct knowledge. Novak's work is based on the cognitive theories of David Ausubel assimilation theory, who stressed the importance of prior knowledge in being able to learn new concepts.
Novak taught students as young as six years old to make concept maps to represent their response to focus questions such as "What is water?" "What causes the seasons?" 
In his book "Learning How to Learn", Novak states that "meaningful learning involves the assimilation of new concepts and propositions into existing cognitive structures."
Publications.
He is author or coauthor of 27 books and more than 130 book chapters and papers in professional books and journals. Books, a selection:

</doc>
<doc id="18649233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649233" title="Diego Scotti">
Diego Scotti

Diego Martín Scotti Ponce de León (born 14 January 1977 in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan footballer who plays for Chilean side Unión Española.
Scotti has had an extensive career in South America and China he has played for: Nacional, Montevideo Wanderers and Racing de Montevideo in Uruguay, Tianjin Teda F.C. in China, Olimpia in Paraguay, Audax Italiano in Chile.
He has also played in Argentina for Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata and Newell's Old Boys. His older brother Andrés Scotti currently plays in Uruguay for Nacional de Montevideo.
Club career.
Scotti began his career at Nacional de Montevideo in 1998, winning the league title two years later. In January 2001, he was transferred to Gimnasia La Plata of Argentina. Scotti completed his move to Tianjin Teda for play in the Chinese Super League. After of his pass for China, he returned to Nacional in December 2003, once returning, now to Gimnasia. In 2005, he was transferred to Olimpia, remaining him until 2006, for shortly after signed for Montevideo Wanderers.
Audax and Newell's.
In January 2007, Scotti joined Audax Italiano, signing a one-year contract. His Audax debut came on 28 January against Cobresal, playing the 90 minutes in a 2–1 victory. Scotti's first goals in the team was scored on a twice against Santiago Wanderers. He and his teammates achieved a very good football level under the coach Raul Toro, finishing thirds in positions table. In the next semester, he had many protagonism in the team, playing all matches, scoring goals and exhibing good skills.
His Audax performances, made that he was signed by Newell's Old Boys in January 2008, returning of this form to Argentina, after of play for Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata. However, he only played 14 games and in 2009, he was released of the club. Shortly after, Scotti signed for Racing de Montevideo. In 2010, he joined Córdoba of the Spanish Second Division before shortly after returning to his country to play in Miramar Misiones.
Unión Española.
On 31 January 2010, Scotti's transfer to Unión Española of the Primera División was announced; he signed a one-year contract with the Chilean club for play the Copa Libertadores and the national league. He made his Unión debut as a 71st-minute substitution for Leandro Delgado, in the 1–0 win over Bolívar for the playoffs round of the Libertadores. He had a highlighted participation in the 2–1 loss against Colo-Colo for the national tournament, being one of Unión's best players in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18649237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649237" title="Stockholm Youth Symphony Orchestra">
Stockholm Youth Symphony Orchestra

The Stockholm Youth Symphony Orchestra () is a symphony orchestra based in Stockholm, Sweden, consisting of young musicians at a high school and college level.

</doc>
<doc id="18649261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649261" title="Hooke's atom">
Hooke's atom

Hooke's atom, also known as harmonium or hookium, refers to an artificial helium-like atom where the Coulombic electron-nucleus interaction potential is 
replaced by a harmonic potential. This system is of significance as it is, for certain values of the force constant defining the harmonic containment, an exactly solvable ground-state many-electron problem that explicitly includes electron correlation. As such it can provide insight into quantum correlation (albeit in the presence of a non-physical nuclear potential) and can act as a test system for judging the accuracy of approximate quantum chemical methods for solving the Schrödinger equation. The name "Hooke's atom" arises because the harmonic potential used to describe the electron-nucleus interaction is a consequence of Hooke's law.
Definition.
Employing atomic units, the Hamiltonian defining the Hooke's atom is
As written, the first two terms are the kinetic energy operators of the two electrons, the third term is the harmonic electron-nucleus potential, and the final term the electron-electron interaction potential. The non-relativistic Hamiltonian of the helium atom differs only in the replacement:
Solution.
The equation to be solved is the two electron Schrödinger equation:
For arbitrary values of the force constant, "k", the Schrödinger equation does not have an analytic solution. However, for a countably infinite number of values, such as "k"=¼, simple closed form solutions can be derived. Given the artificial nature of the system this restriction does not hinder the usefulness of the solution.
To solve, the system is first transformed form the Cartesian electronic coordinates, (r1,r2), to the center of mass coordinates, (R,u), defined as
Under this transformation, the Hamiltonian becomes separable – that is, the |r1 - r2| term coupling the two electrons is removed (and not replaced by some other form) allowing the general separation of variables technique to be applied to further a solution for the wave function in the form formula_5. The original Schrödinger equation is then replaced by:
The first equation for formula_8 is the Schrödinger equation for an isotropic with ground-state energy formula_9 and (unnormalized) wave function
Asymptotically, the second equation again behaves as a harmonic oscillator of the form formula_11 and the rotationally invariant ground state can be expressed, in general, as formula_12 for some function formula_13. It was long noted that "f"("u") is very well approximated by a linear function in "u". Thirty years after the proposal of the model an exact solution was discovered for "k"=¼, and it was seen that "f"("u")=1+"u"/2. It was latter shown that there are many values of "k" which lead to an exact solution for the ground state, as will be shown in the following. 
Decomposing formula_14 and expressing the Laplacian in spherical coordinates, 
one further decomposes the radial wave function as formula_16 which removes the first derivative to yield 
The asymptotic behavior formula_18 encourages a solution of the form 
The differential equation satisfied by formula_20 is
This equation lends itself to a solution by way of the Frobenius method. That is, formula_20 is expressed as
for some formula_24 and formula_25 which satisfy:
The two solutions to the indicial equation are formula_32 and formula_33 of which the former is taken as it yields the regular (bounded, normalizable) wave function. For a simple solution to exist, the infinite series is sought to terminate and it is here where particular values of "k" are exploited for an exact closed-form solution. Terminating the polynomial at any particular order can be accomplished with different values of "k" defining the Hamiltonian. As such there exists an infinite number of systems, differing only in the strength of the harmonic containment, with exact ground-state solutions. Most simply, to impose "a""k" = 0 for "k" ≥ 2, two conditions must be satisfied:
These directly force "a"2 = 0 and "a"3 = 0 respectively, and as a consequence of the three term recession, all higher coefficients also vanish. Solving for formula_36 and formula_37 yields
and the radial wave function
Transforming back to formula_41
the ground-state (with formula_43 and energy formula_44) is finally
Combining, normalizing, and transforming back to the original coordinates yields the ground state wave function: 
The corresponding ground-state total energy is then formula_47.
Remarks.
The exact ground state electronic density of the Hooke atom is
From this we see that the radial derivative of the density vanishes at the nucleus. This is in stark contrast to the real (non-relativistic) helium atom where the density displays a cusp at the nucleus as a result of the unbounded Coulomb potential.

</doc>
<doc id="18649262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649262" title="Balloon tank">
Balloon tank

A balloon tank is a style of fuel tank used in the Atlas ICBM and Centaur upper stage that does not use an internal framework, but instead relies on a constant internal pressurization to keep its shape.
Balloon tanks are very light, and this permits a good propellant mass fraction.
One disadvantage of balloon tanks is that if pressurisation fails, the vehicle collapses.
Design.
Balloon tanks get their name from the cylindrical party balloons which inspired Karel Bossart, who designed both the Atlas and Centaur rockets for the U.S. Air Force and NASA. Constructed of very thin stainless steel, the tanks, prior to integration into the Atlas or Centaur rocket body, are inflated with nitrogen to give the tanks their shape and strength. While other rockets, including the Titan and Saturn rockets (and even the Space Shuttle's external tank) can remain rigid due to the internal framework, balloon tanks must always remain pressurized, as any drop in pressurization will result in the failure of the vehicle.
History.
The use of balloon tanks in the Atlas ICBM was the brainchild of rocket designer Karel Bossart. Instead of the traditional internal framework used on the rockets available at that time (especially the Redstone IRBM, a direct descendant of the V-2 rocket), the Atlas ICBM designers used the balloon tank concept to lighten the rocket enough to hurl a 5 megaton thermonuclear warhead onto a target in the former Soviet Union from a launch pad in continental USA. This tank technology made feasible a relatively simple stage-and-a-half design for Atlas instead of the more complicated staging used in later Titan ICBMs.
After its initial development in the Atlas rocket, Bossart used the same technology with the high-energy Centaur upper stage. The Centaur rocket, fueled with liquid hydrogen and powered by an RL10 engine, was originally planned to be used with the Saturn V rocket for high-energy missions to the Solar System, but was later adapted for use as part of the Atlas and Titan rockets.
In May 1963 at Vandenberg Air Force Base an Atlas/Agena vehicle under static testing suffered a pressurisation failure leading to the total collapse of the vehicle. Fortunately, only a dummy payload was installed.
With the introduction of the Atlas V EELV, balloon tanks and half-staging are no longer used on the Atlas rocket. Centaur, however, retains this feature and it has not undergone a single catastrophic failure since the Atlas V's first flight.

</doc>
<doc id="18649265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649265" title="Anterior fornix erogenous zone">
Anterior fornix erogenous zone

The anterior fornix erogenous zone (also known as the AFE zone, AFE, A-spot, epicenter, deep spot or second G-spot) is reportedly a female erogenous zone that when stimulated can lead to rapid vaginal lubrication and arousal, sometimes without any other form of stimulation, with continued stimulation resulting in an intense orgasm.
Discovery.
Early research.
The AFE zone concept is attributed to Malaysian sex scientist Dr. Chua Chee Ann. In his research with female subjects suffering from vaginal dryness, he found that stimulation of an area deep in the vagina on the anterior wall resulted in rapid lubrication and arousal. He did not make his discovery public until thirteen years after it was made.
A-spot stimulation technique.
Dr. Chua Chee Ann has promoted his A-spot stimulation technique in books and at seminars as the most effective means of stimulating the AFE zone. The technique involves applying pressure to the area, making a scooping motion, and stimulating other parts of the vagina. He claims that if the technique is practiced for at least 10 minutes a day, it will make vaginal lubrication and orgasms regularly attainable, even without foreplay.
Location.
Confusion.
The AFE zone is reported to be located at or near the deepest point on the anterior wall of the vagina, above the cervix, where the anterior wall of the vagina starts to curve upward (the entrance to the anterior fornix, but some websites and news articles have described it as being on the posterior wall of the vagina, roughly opposite of the G-spot. Dr. Chua Chee Ann stated in an interview that this is completely wrong.[http://www.aspot-pioneer.com/pdf/DrChuaInterviewScript.pdf] Some believe that this area may be a different erogenous zone altogether.
Connection to known female anatomy.
Some believe that the AFE zone is the anterior fornix itself, but it is thought by some sex experts to be a degenerated female prostate (a theory that has been applied to the G-spot and the Skene's gland) or the area where the vaginal nerves connect, which is thought to be near it. One other theory is that it is the vesicouterine pouch, due to its proximity to the supposed location of the AFE zone and the supposed erogenous qualities of the rectouterine pouch.
Mechanism.
Lubrication.
According to doctor Chua Chee Ann, the AFE zone redirects female ejaculatory fluid, which is expelled from the Skene's gland during G-spot orgasms, and turns it into vaginal lubrication.[http://www.aspot-pioneer.com/pdf/DrChua-Aspot-Pioneer.com.pdf] Because stimulating the AFE zone causes this mechanism and creates an erotic sensation simultaneously, full arousal occurs very quickly.
Orgasm.
The orgasms that result from stimulation of the AFE zone are thought to be distinct from the orgasms that result from stimulation of the clitoris, but some women who have experienced them say that they are similar in sensation to orgasms achieved by G-spot stimulation, while others say that they are more "intense".

</doc>
<doc id="18649269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649269" title="Moon Is the New Earth">
Moon Is the New Earth

Moon is the New Earth is the second album by American power trio Rose Hill Drive. The album was released on June 24, 2008. The first track on the album, 'Sneak Out', was released as a single. On the evening of July 29, 2008, Rose Hill Drive performed "Sneak Out" on Late Night with Conan O'Brien.
Track listing.
All songs by Rose Hill Drive.

</doc>
<doc id="18649297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649297" title="Hope Set High">
Hope Set High

"Hope Set High" is a 1991 single by Christian music and pop music singer Amy Grant. It was released as the second single from the "Heart In Motion" album, and the first from the album released to Christian radio. 
"Hope Set High" is a downbeat song with heavy use of percussion. Similar to a praise and worship song, the lyrics in "Hope Set High" repeatedly acknowledge God's goodness with the phrase "When it all comes down, if there's anything good that happens in life, it's from Jesus." The song's rhythmic groove was created using a Korg Wavestation, a popular instrument in the music industry at the time.
Background.
During the 1980s, Amy Grant achieved enormous success in the contemporary Christian music industry, becoming that genre's best-selling artist. In 1985, she became the first Christian singer to "cross over" with a major hit on mainstream pop radio charts. One year later, she scored her first #1 pop song with "The Next Time I Fall", a duet with Peter Cetera. Her last major project from the 1980s, "Lead Me On", was a huge success but its impact was largely limited to Christian radio. With the dawn of the 1990s, however, Grant returned to the mainstream with a tour de force of chart-topping pop hits that became some of the most successful of the new decade. The first single from her bubblegum pop album, "Heart in Motion", became her first #1 song as a solo artist on The Billboard Hot 100. That single, "Baby Baby", angered some of Grant's dedicated Christian music fans, however, as they feared Grant was abandoning the genre. 
At the time of "Heart in Motion"'s release, Grant was represented by two record labels, something of an anomaly in the industry. A&M Records marketed her music to mainstream radio and secular retailers. Word Records marketed her music to Christian radio and Christian retailers. While A&M launched "Heart in Motion" with "Baby Baby" as its debut single, Word Records chose not to market that song to Christian radio. Instead, Word opted to introduce the album to the Christian market with "Hope Set High", a less glitzy song with explicitly Christian-themed lyrics and references to Jesus. A&M did not release or market "Hope Set High" to mainstream radio.
Chart success.
The success of "Hope Set High" on Christian radio mirrored that of "Baby Baby" on pop radio in that "Hope Set High" took the #1 spot on the Christian charts. A&M Records chose not to release the song to mainstream radio.

</doc>
<doc id="18649318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649318" title="Ariel Zapata">
Ariel Zapata

Ariel "el pepi" Zapata (born 2 September 1974 in Florencio Varela) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Newell's Old Boys.
Zapata started his playing career in 1994 with Estudiantes de La Plata, in his first season with the club they won the 2nd division championship. He played with the club in the Argentine Primera until 2004 when he was signed by Newell's Old Boys manager Américo Gallego.
In his first season with Newell's he was part of the squad that won the Apertura 2004 championship. He has gone on to make over 100 appearances for the club.
Zapata retired from professional football December 12, 2008 in a match against Racing Club. He missed a penalty in that match that Hernan Bernardello put in after the kick.

</doc>
<doc id="18649322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649322" title="National Development Party (India)">
National Development Party (India)

National Development Party (, ) is a political party in Karnataka, India. Moulvi Zameroddin is the president of the party. S.R. Sangakar is the vice-president of the party. NDP launched Zameroddin as its candidate in the Bidar North and Bidar South constituencies in the 2008 Karntaka Assembly election. Zameroddin got 894 votes (0.77%) in Bidar North, and 875 votes (0.9%) in Bidar South.

</doc>
<doc id="18649358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649358" title="Naturally colored cotton">
Naturally colored cotton

Naturally colored cotton is cotton that has been bred to have colors other than the yellowish off-white typical of modern commercial cotton fibers. Colors grown include red, green and several shades of brown. The cotton's natural color does not fade. Yields are typically lower and the fiber is shorter and weaker but has a softer feel than the more commonly available "white" cotton. (This statement needs verification)
This form of cotton also feels softer to the skin (this statement is subjective and needs verification) and has a pleasant smell. Naturally Colored Cotton is still relatively rare because it requires specialized harvest techniques and facilities, making it more expensive to harvest than white cotton. By the 1990s most indigenous colored cotton landraces or cultivars grown in Africa, Asia and Central and South America were replaced by all-white, commercial varieties.
History.
Naturally colored cotton is believed to have originated in the Americas around 5000 years ago in the Andes. Naturally colored cotton today mostly comes from pre-Columbian stocks created by the indigenous peoples of South America (Vreeland, 1999). Mochica Indians could be attributed with growing naturally colored cotton of myriad hues, which they maintained for over the last two millenniums on the northern coast of Peru.
Colors.
Natural color in cotton comes from pigments found in cotton pigments and produce shades ranging from tan to green and brown. Naturally pigmented green cotton derives its color from caffeic acid, a derivative of innamic acid, found in the suberin (wax) layer which is deposited in alternating layers with cellulose around the outside of the cotton fiber. While green colored cotton comes from wax layers, brown and tan cottons derive their color from tannin vacuoles in the lumen of the fiber cells.
Limitations.
The naturally colored cotton has a small fiber and is not suitable for heavy machine spinning. During World War II an insufficient supply of dye led to the cultivation of green and brown cotton in the Soviet Union. The US government also showed interest in cultivation of naturally colored cotton but later aborted the project due to low yield and short staple length.
“Later on US government instructed a famous agronomist, J.O.Ware, to study the Soviet cotton plants to determine whether they were commercially viable in the U.S. Ware and his colleagues concluded that the green and brown cotton plants yielded too little lint that was too short in staple length. Colored cotton was officially regulated to obscurity. Only in a few places were people still entranced by its possibilities.”
Due to smaller fiber, it becomes unpractical to use naturally colored cotton for clothing manufacturers. But now, colored cotton is literally squeezed in with the conventional white cotton to make its fiber longer and stronger than other naturally colored cotton to be used in typical looms. Since this hybrid cotton fiber is stronger, it is being used by Levis, L.L. Bean, Eileen Fisher, and Fieldcrest for clothes like khakis.
Commercial cultivation.
A new arrival on the Western fashion market, naturally pigmented cotton originally flourished some 5,000 years ago. Its revival today draws on stocks first developed and cultivated by Indians in South and Central America. Recent commercial cultivation currently uses pre-Columbian stocks created by the indigenous peoples of South America. Commercial cultivation still continues in South America as many big US companies such as Patagonia, Levi Strauss, and Esprit are buying naturally grown cotton along with white cotton which requires significant amount of insecticides and pesticides.
Upgrade in technology.
Naturally colored cotton had smaller fiber which were not suitable for mechanical looms used today, therefore kept naturally colored cotton to enter in the commercial market. In 1982, Sally Fox a graduate in Integrated Pest Management from University of California with a Masters Degree started researching on colored cotton and integrated her knowledge and experience in technology and introduced first long fiber of naturally colored cotton. Sally Fox later started her company, Natural Cotton Colors, Inc. and got patents in different shades including: green, Coyote brown, Buffalo brown, and Palo Verde green under FoxFiber.
Later on the technology was further improved by a cotton breeder Raymond Bird in 1984. Bird began experimenting in Reedley, California, with red, green, and brown cotton to improve fiber quality. Later on Raymond Bird along with his brother and C. Harvey Campbell Jr., a California agronomist and cotton breeder, and formed BC Cotton Inc. to work with naturally colored cottons. Naturally colored cotton usually come in four standard colors - green, brown, red (a reddish brown) and mocha (similar to tan).
Benefits.
There is experimental evidence to demonstrate that naturally pigmented cottons, especially green cotton, have excellent sun protection properties, when compared with unbleached white cotton that needs to be treated with dyes or finishes to obtain similar properties. It is hypothesized that the pigments in naturally pigmented cotton fibers are present to provide protection from ultraviolet radiation for the embryonic cotton seeds, however they can also provide protection from the sun’s harmful rays for consumers who wear garments manufactured from these naturally pigmented fibers. The UPF values of the naturally pigmented cottons examined in a university study remained high enough, even after 80 AFUs (AATCC Fading Units)of light exposure and repeated laundering, that the fabrics merited sun protection ratings of “good” to “very good” according to ASTM 6603 voluntary labeling guidelines for UV-protective textiles.
Use of dyes.
Naturally colored cotton is unique and exceptionally different from white cotton as it does not need to be dyed. According to agronomists, the cost of dyeing could be up to half of the value, and also environmentally friendly, as it eliminates disposal costs for toxic dye waste. According to Dr. Frank Werber, National Program Leader for Fabric and Materials, Agriculture Research Service, USDA, naturally colored cotton is ecologically valid as well as economical. Elimination of dyeing in production could save from $.60-1.50 per pound of fabric. Naturally colored cotton is also resistant to change as compared with the conventional dyed white cotton. After laundering, the color becomes stronger and more intense, a characteristic documented during research studies at Texas Tech University. The length of time required to "bring out" the color varies with color and variety. Eventually, the colors may start to return to their original color. Some naturally colored cotton darkens with exposure to the sun. However, green is less stable and fades to tan when exposed to sunlight.
Cost.
Due to the non-industrialized product naturally colored cottons yield less per acre, but growers are paid higher prices for their harvest. In 1993, colored cotton prices ranged from $3.60 to $4.50 per pound compared to conventional white cotton at $.60 to $.90 per pound.

</doc>
<doc id="18649365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649365" title="Joseph Francis (disambiguation)">
Joseph Francis (disambiguation)

Joseph Francis or Joe Francis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18649369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649369" title="Exceptional Service Medallion">
Exceptional Service Medallion

The Exceptional Service Medallion (formally known as the Exceptional Service Emblem) is a civilian decoration of the United States government. It is awarded by the Central Intelligence Agency in recognition of "an employee's injury or death resulting from service in a hazardous area."
Recipients.
John Anthony Celli III
Johnny Micheal Spann
James A. Rawlings

</doc>
<doc id="18649372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649372" title="Tasso, Lamento e Trionfo (Liszt)">
Tasso, Lamento e Trionfo (Liszt)

Franz Liszt composed his Tasso, Lamento e trionfo (Tasso, Lament and Triumph) in 1849, revising it in 1850-51 and again in 1854. It is numbered No. 2 in his cycle of 13 symphonic poems written during his Weimar period.
Overview.
Composition.
Liszt's first sketch for this work is dated August 1, 1849. He had heard the principal theme for "Tasso" in Venice, Italy several years earlier, however, using it in the 1840 version of his piano piece "Chant do Goldolier" in "Venezia e Napoli". Liszt completed the 1849 version of "Tasso" as an overture in two sections, giving it to August Conradi to orchestrate. This version was performed in Weimar, Germany on the centennial of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's birth as an overture to his drama "Torquato Tasso". Liszt later corrected Conradi's score and had Joachim Raff produce a new score in 1850–51. Liszt then revised this score extensively, adding a central section. This version was performed on April 19, 1854 in Weimar, conducted by Liszt.
Program.
Goethe's portrayal of Tasso focuses primarily with his position as court poet of the Este family in Ferrara within the political intrigues of court life. Liszt, however, was more drawn to the poet's inner conflicts and the seven years he spent in St. Anna's Hospital, an insane asylum. It was actually the suffering and eventually triumphant Tasso that inspired Liszt's imagination. In his preface to "Tasso", Liszt refers not only to Goethe but also to Lord Byron's poem on Tasso, even admitting to being influenced by the latter. He adds:
Tasso loved and suffered at Ferrara, he was avenged at Rome, and even today lives in the popular songs of Venice. These three moments are inseparable from his immortal fame. To reproduce them in music, we first conjured up the great shade as he wanders through the lagoons of Venice even today; then his countenance appeared to us, lofty and melancholy, as he gazes at the festivities at Ferrara, where he created his masterworks ; and finally we followed him to Rome, the Eternal City, which crowned him with fame and thus pays him tribute both as martyr and as poet.
Instrumentation.
This work calls for piccolo, 2 flutes, 2 oboes, 2 clarinets in Bb, bass clarinet in Bb, 2 bassoons, 4 horns in Bb and C, 4 trumpets in C, 2 tenor trombones, bass trombone, tuba, triangle, snare drum, cymbals, bass drum, harp, and strings.
Structure.
The 1849 version following a conventional overture layout, divided into a slow section ("Lament") and a fast one ("Triumph"). Even with this division, the entire work was actually a set of variations on a single melody—a folk hymn sung to Liszt by a gondolier in Venice in the late 1830s. Among the most significant revisions Liszt made was the addition of a middle section in the vein of a minuet. Calmer than either of the outer sections, it was intended to depict Tasso's more stable years in the employment of the d'Este family in Ferrara. In a margin note Liszt informs the conductor that the orchestra "assumes a dual role" in this section, with strings playing one self-contained piece while woodwinds play another. This was very much in the manner of Italian composer Pietro Raimondi, whose contrapuntal mastery was such that he had written three oratorios—titled "Joseph", "Potiphar" and "Jacob"—which could be performed either individually or combined. Liszt made a study of Raimondi's work but the Italian composer died before Liszt could meet him personally.
Tonality.
The Romantics considered alienation, particularly self- and social alienation, as a prominent characteristic of artistic genius. Both these forms of alienation are present in Byron's poem and according to some critics may have influenced Liszt's tonal and formal plan of "Tasso", as well. The secondary theme is in E major, a relatively distant major key of a raised third in a minor-key piece. He would use this same raised-third relationship, possibly with a similar intent effectively, in both "Prometheus" and the "Faust" symphony. Tonal expectations continue to be undermined with the central minuet, written in F-sharp major and tonally distant from the work's tonic, adding to a sense of disassociation.
Use in Popular Culture.
In the film Hans Christian Andersen directed by Charles Vidor, starring Danny Kay, Farley Granger,and Zizi Jeanmaire,the music at the climatic ballet based on the writers work, The Little Mermaid uses large portions of Tasso throughout the work,
most especially when the little mermaid goes to the prince's ball.

</doc>
<doc id="18649373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649373" title="Jahangir Mirza">
Jahangir Mirza

Jahangir Mirza (c. 1472 – c. 1515) was a Dughlat prince and briefly the ruler of Yarkand (1514). He was the eldest son of Mirza Aba Bakr.
Biography.
During his father's reign as ruler of the cities of Yarkand, Kashgar and Khotan, Jahangir did not play a major role in the government. The only event recorded of him during this time is his marriage to Khadija Sultan Khanim, the youngest daughter of Ahmad Khan.
Mirza Aba Bakr's reign was brought to an end in 1514 when Sultan Said Khan invaded Kashgaria. Judging his army to be incapable of putting up an effective resistance, he handed over Yarkand to Jahangir Mirza and promptly headed south for Khotan. Jahangir Mirza, however, having been suddenly thrust into his position with little experience to aid him, decided that maintaining his position in the face of Sultan Said Khan's army would be impossible. Five days after the departure of his father, he destroyed his treasures and allowed the citizens of Yarkand to pillage what they pleased so that it wouldn't fall into the hands of the khan. He then fled south and took refuge in the frontier regions near Ladakh. 
Jahangir Mirza was eventually enticed to surrender to Sultan Said Khan. Upon being brought before him he was given a pardon. That winter, however, he was murdered in Yangi Hisar. The identity and motives of the assassins were unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18649377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649377" title="Orange Heritage Trailway">
Orange Heritage Trailway

The Orange Heritage Trailway is a rail trail in Orange County, New York, that runs along the former Erie Railroad Main Line from Monroe to a point halfway between Goshen, New York and Middletown, New York.
History.
The planning for the Metro-North Port Jervis Line intended to use the former Erie Main Line through Monroe and Goshen and Middletown on the way to Port Jervis as a commuter railroad.
Local opposition to the plan caused Metro North to instead use the Erie's newer freight bypass line over the Moodna Viaduct in order to avoid these towns. This new route, being a bypass, naturally added six extra miles to the length and removed access to the commuter railroad from these towns.
Portions of the abandoned right-of-way from Harriman to Middletown was converted into the Orange Heritage Trailway rail trail.
The trail earned the designation of "National Recreation Trail" in June 2007. The designation was handed down by U.S. Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne.
In 1999, Paul Harnisch, an assistant district attorney for Orange County, was charged with murder for striking two skaters, killing one of them, while driving illegally on the Heritage Trail in the Chester area. Harnish drove for a half-mile with the dead skater on the hood of his vehicle. He was found not guilty for reason of insanity and remanded to the custody of a psychiatric hospital for a period of years.
Location.
The ex-Erie Main Line turns northwest at a junction and tracks terminate abruptly at the defunct Nepera Chemical plant in the village of Harriman. The undeveloped road bed continues approximately two more miles through Harriman and Monroe and feature several abandoned bridges. The publicly accessible paved portion of the Orange Heritage Trailway rail trail begins in the vicinity of Airplane Park in Monroe.
Erie built a freight bypass that continues north at the junction in Harriman and is now the active Port Jervis Line, also used by Norfolk Southern. This active freight bypass line continues north to Moodna Viaduct and Middletown by way of Salisbury Mills. This line, with six extra miles, was chosen as the route for active rail traffic when local opposition to Metro North caused the historically important Erie Main Line to be abandoned from Harriman to Middletown.
Orange Heritage Trailway also passes an abandoned Erie branch line in Greycourt, New York that runs through Washingtonville and rejoins the Erie Newburgh Shortcut at Vails Gate Junction in Vails Gate.

</doc>
<doc id="18649379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649379" title="Betty Jumel">
Betty Jumel

Betty Jumel (1901 – 14 October 1990) was a British variety hall entertainer and actress.
Betty Jumel was born in Fairhaven, Lytham St Annes, Lancashire in 1901. She was aged only 10 years-old when she made her first stage appearance, alongside her father Harold Jumel, who toured an act round the music halls entitled "The Four Jumels". Her father taught her to sing and dance, as well as how to best throw her voice - almost from her infancy. When the family disbanded before the First World War, the young Betty Jumel joined her father's double act, in which her main role was to play the piano, dance and sing.
Fairly pretty and very small for her age, Jumel made the most of her youthful look and often wore a lace dress and ringlets during performances - which completed her girlish features. When her father enlisted, Jumel became a soubrette working in end-of-pier variety shows in the North of England.
With already a wealth of experience behind her, Jumel created her own comedy material, notably three solo turns under the heading "A Bundle of Fun". In one of these scenarios, she played a fairy in a take-off of the ballet "Swan Lake". In others she used her singing talent to comedy effect as an opera singer, or a concert pianist whose only ability was to play only the wrong notes. Becoming successful in her own right, it was not long before other performers eventually persuaded her to let them join her - and consequently, she appeared on a number of occasions with the gangling and ungainly Nat Jackley in a much-loved turn called 'At the Ball'. Jackley's angular body contrasted marvellously with Jumel's small figure in an overtight ball gown, which was split up one side to reveal her funny, wafer-thin legs.
Jumel spent her life on tour in variety halls. She was known for her unfailing instinct for the mildly grotesque, as she interrupted herself during a piano recital, or took a drink of water from a vase of wilting flowers. Over more than half a century of performing her craft resulted in her simple, but brilliantly timed acts making her renowned wherever she went. Such was her comic timing that she also appeared in pantomimes in the winter and concert parties in the summer.
Her first West End appearance was a Lyceum review "Good Company" in 1933 by Albert Burdon and Dan Leno Jnr. and during the Second World War she entertained the forces with ENSA in Egypt.
She appeared in a number of films in the 1940s, appearing alongside Will Hay, Sandy Powell and Norman Evans. She also appeared in pantomime with Evans in "Humpty Dumpty" which was so successful that it ran from Christmas Eve to Easter. She and Evans also paired up for a radio series "Good Evans".
Betty Jumel was married, first to Victor, one of the Arnley Brothers - who performed a variety act in the 1920s. Their daughter Georgina, broke with family tradition by becoming a legitimate actress. Some years after the death of her first husband, she married an Italian acrobat Bill Castagnoli, who predeceased her.
The comedienne who was billed as 'The Bundle of Fun' and one of the last survivors of the variety halls, died in 1990 at the age of 89.

</doc>
<doc id="18649385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649385" title="Mauro Formica">
Mauro Formica

Mauro Abel Formica (born 4 April 1988) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder for Cruz Azul in Mexico. 
He is nicknamed "el Gato" ("the cat").
Career.
Newell's Old Boys.
Having signed a professional contract, Formica made his professional debut for Newell's Old Boys on 29 September 2006 at the age of 18, in a match against Club Atlético Colón, as the teams drew 1–1. After two-years since professional at Newell's Old Boys, Formica soon established himself in the first team in 2008–09 and in Torneo Apertura on 13 December 2008, Formica scored his first goal in a 3–0 win over Racing Club. Soon after, on the opening game of the season, Formica scored his first goal (and scored another) and set up a goal for Leandro Armani in a 3–0 win over Gimnasia. Soon in mid-May, Formica scored three goals in three consecutive games, against River Plate, Arsenal de Sarandí and Rosario Central. After the end of the season, Formica made sixteen appearance (having missed four appearance due to slight injury) and scoring seven.
The following season, Formica continued to retain his first team and in Torneo Inicial, Formica scored four goals in nineteen appearance. Shortly after the end of Torneo Inicial, Formica played his first game of Copa Libertadores in a 0–0 draw against Emelec in the first leg but the club was eliminated in the second leg, with a 2–1 score for Emelec. On the final game of the season of Torneo Final, Formica scored twice and set up a goal for Lucas Bernardi in a 6–1 win over Gimnasia, the team which he scored his first goal.
His good performance attracted attention from Europe with the likes of Ajax, AS Monaco, Galatasaray and Arsenal. Russian side Rubin Kazan made a bid for Formica but the offer was rejected. Soon after rival River Plate tried to sign him but the offer was also rejected.
Though rebuffing offers from Europe, Formica playing time was reduced under new manager Roberto Sensini. Though fallen out, Formica continued his form in Copa Sudamericana, scoring three goals, against Estudiantes and a brace against Club San Jose.
After leaving Newell's Old Boys, Formica played a total of 84 games scoring 22 goals for the club over 5 years. While at Newell's Old Boys, Formica is known for his technique, dribbling and speed. He is also known for his great shot from half-distance.
Blackburn Rovers.
On the last day of the transfer window, Formica signed for Blackburn Rovers – on a four-year deal – reported to be worth around £4 million. Then-manager Steve Kean described Formica as a young Gabriel Batistuta, believing he's best prospects in Argentine football. However, Formica did not break into the squad, appearing instead for Blackburn reserves, often due to a lack of match fitness.
Kean tipped Formica as a future star going into his second season with Rovers, and on 13 August 2011, Formica scored on his Premier League debut for Rovers against Wolverhampton Wanderers in a 2–1 defeat at Ewood Park. On 20 August 2011, he came on for Jason Roberts on 75 minutes in a 3–1 defeat against Aston Villa at Villa Park. Four days later, Formica started and played the full 90 minutes in a 3–1 victory over Sheffield Wednesday at Ewood Park in the second round of the League Cup. On 27 August 2011, Formica won two penalties in a home league game against Everton. He missed one and so did Junior Hoilett, the match ended with Everton winning 1–0. In the January transfer window, Formica was expected to leave Blackburn, having been named one of Blackburn's player to leave the club, reportedly for personal reasons. Several days later, Formica revealed the club rejected a move back to his former club, with Blackburn want to sell for €5million. In mid-January, Formica was also linked with a move to Greek side Olympiacos, where he would join his brother, playing for a different Greek club. His brother told Sport24 that Mauro want to leave Blackburn, insisting the talk is ongoing However, the move to Greece fell through, as the club were unable to meet Blackburn's asking price. Later in the season, Formica would score three more goals against Tottenham Hotspur, Fulham and Norwich City. However, at the end of the season, Blackburn were relegated to the Championship.
Formica was in and out of the first team, due to change of management. On 17 November 2012, Formica scored his first goal of the season in a 4–1 win over Peterborough United and several weeks on, Formica made his last appearance in a 4–1 loss against Cardiff City. Formica hadn't played since throughout December and January, due to injury on the knee.
Palermo.
On 23 January 2013, Serie A strugglers Palermo announced on their website to have signed Formica on loan until the end of the season, with an option to make the move permanent during the period of the loan spell. He made his debut four days later, as a second-half substitute for Josip Iličić in a 1–1 draw at Cagliari. In the next match in a 2–1 loss against Atalanta, Formica provided assist for Nélson Marcos from a cross, with Nélson scoring from a backheel.
Cruz Azul.
On August 13 2013, Cruz Azul announced on their website that they had signed Mauro Formica.
International career.
Formica played his first cap, coming on for Ariel Cabral, in a 2–1 loss against Poland on 5 June 2011.
Personal life.
Mauro is the younger brother of fellow professional player Lautaro Formica.

</doc>
<doc id="18649395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649395" title="Hugh Garahan">
Hugh Garahan

Hugh Garahan (died 7 June 1940) was an Irish politician. A farmer, he was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1923 general election. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the June 1927 general election as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Longford–Westmeath constituency. He lost his seat at the September 1927 general election. In 1931 he was elected to the Free State Seanad and was re-elected to the Seanad in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="18649401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649401" title="Roaring Penguin Software">
Roaring Penguin Software

Roaring Penguin Software, Inc. is a small business which sells computer software, particularly in the area of antispam. Headquartered in Ottawa, Canada, the company develops both free and commercial software primarily for the purpose of e-mail filtering.
History.
Roaring Penguin was launched in 1999 by David Skoll, former R&D project leader at Chipworks, Inc. Roaring Penguin initially started as a consultancy. The following year, wrote the MIMEDefang e-mail filter for the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons to limit e-mail and virus spam on the college network.
Skoll donated MIMEDefang to the open-source community under a GNU General Public License. Roaring Penguin then began to develop a user-friendly commercial anti-spam product called CanIt, which has now become their flagship product. The company now has more than 800 customers using CanIt, many of which are large service providers who have immense spam filtering problems. According to Bill White, VP of Marketing & Sales for Roaring Penguin, MIMEDefang has been the biggest source of business leads for the company. He believes that when the code was released as GPL it "inadvertently created credibility and marketing for the new company." Roaring Penguin continues to develop commercial anti-spam software such as CanIt, in addition to working on the open-sourced MIMEDefang project.
Roaring Penguin recently announced a partnership with Level Platforms, a provider of remote monitoring and management software. This partnership solves for resellers the challenge of monitoring the anti-spam portion of their customers' e-mail communications infrastructure.
The latest major MIMEDefang release from Roaring Penguin Software is MIMEDefang 2.73 (released on 23 January 2012.)

</doc>
<doc id="18649410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649410" title="John S. Wilson (economist)">
John S. Wilson (economist)

John S. Wilson is a Lead Economist in the Development Economics Research Group of the World Bank. Wilson manages research on transparency, trade facilitation, regulation, and economic development. This includes the World Bank’s main research initiative on trade facilitation, Trade Costs and Facilitation: The Development Dimension.
Background.
Wilson was born in Lakewood, Ohio and graduated from The College of Wooster in 1978 where he was a seven time All American (NCAA Division III) in swimming. He graduated from Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs in New York in 1984 with a Master's Degree in International Affairs.
Career.
John S.Wilson is a Lead Economist in the Development Economics Research Group of the World Bank. He joined the Bank in 1999 and directs empirical and policy research on trade facilitation, aid effectiveness, and regulatory reform issues, as they relate to economic development. Mr. Wilson also provides expertise in Bank operations and spent two years in the Bank’s Infrastructure Vice Presidency. He has participated in Bank projects under preparation and completed totaling over $1.3 billion. Mr. Wilson also provided leadership for the Bank in the establishment of the inter-agency Standards and Trade Development Facility. He also developed the initial concept for the Bank’s Trade Facilitation Facility in 2009 and is a member of the Facility’s Program Committee. Mr. Wilson is currently working with the Trade Department in the establishment of a new public-private partnership on “Aid for Trade Facilitation” for the Bank. Details can be found at http://econ.worldbank.org/projects/trade_costs and http://econ.worldbank.org/staff/jwilson.
Prior to joining the World Bank, Wilson was Vice President for Technology Policy at the Information Technology Industry Council in Washington, D.C. from 1995-99. At ITI Wilson was a corporate officer and member of the senior management team. He had management responsibility and budget responsibility for regulatory affairs standards, and technical trade barriers. During this period he was on the U.S. Steering Committee for the Transatlantic Business Dialogue and involved in preparations for extension of the Information Technology Agreement of the WTO to non-tariff barriers to trade related to standards and regulation.
Mr. Wilson has also been a Visiting Fellow at the Institute for International Economics. He was also a Senior Staff Officer at the U.S. National Academies of Sciences and Engineering and National Research Council. While at the Academies, he provided leadership in establishing the Board on Science, Technology, and Economic Policy and directed Management responsibilities include finance and supervision of professional staff. Duties included congressional, executive branch, private sector, and liaison with foreign governments. Directed several major policy studies, including; policy dialogues for the White House National Economic Council (NEC) on the economics of U.S. technology policy, the 1995 report Standards, Conformity Assessment, and Trade: Into the 21st Century at the request of the U.S. Congress, and the "Technology and Industrial Modernization of the Mexican Economy" project.
From 1989 to 1992, designed and directed the Academies’ research project on Civilian Technology. Responsible for economic analysis and writing of final report, as well as financial, and staff management. The project, requested by the U.S. Congress in the Omnibus Trade and Competitiveness Act of 1988, resulted in the book: The Government Role in Civilian Technology: Building a New Alliance, published by the National Academy Press in 1992. The report provided detailed analysis and policy recommendations related to the economic returns to government investment in civilian R&D, industrial technology development and transfer.
Wilson was an Adjunct Professor of International Affairs at Georgetown University, School of Foreign Service during 1993-94 He developed and taught a course on "International Technology and Corporate Strategy," Karl F. Landegger Program on International Business Diplomacy, Graduate School and also co-taught a course on “Technology Policy and Economic Competitiveness.”
Selected publications.
Details on publications and research in progress are available at: http://www.worldbank.org/trade.

</doc>
<doc id="18649412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649412" title="Kevin Ridel">
Kevin Ridel

Kevin Ridel is an American musician.
Early life and influences.
A child of 80’s music, such as The Cure, The Psychedelic Furs, U2, and a slew of unmentionable heavy metal acts, Kevin has played in bands since age 14. In 1989 he moved from Connecticut to Los Angeles with his band Avant Garde (featuring Rivers Cuomo of Weezer) to pursue a career as a rock singer and songwriter. Over the past 15 years, he has created a name for himself in the Los Angeles music scene with his bands Ridel High (A&M Records), Peel 
(Beyond Music) and AM Radio (Elektra Records).
Career and placement.
Kevin’s band AM Radio have toured the US, Canada and Japan extensively, supporting the bands Weezer, Third Eye Blind, Eve 6, Rooney, Ben Kweller and The Psychedelic Furs. Their song "I Just Wanna Be Loved" was featured on the "Smallville" soundtrack - Talon Mix, and also placed on an episode. Another song "Taken for a Ride" was featured on EA Sports "Madden NFL 2004", placed on an episode of "One Tree Hill", and used on a television trailer for FOX feature film "The Girl Next Door". Another song, "Pretty Stupid", was featured on the DVD for "Wonderfalls". Members of AM Radio include Rowan Robertson of DC4 (formerly of Dio, and Vast). 
More recently, Kevin's music career has been concentrated overseas in Japan, with the release of AM Radio's latest album "Reactive" on Fiveman Army (FAEC Inc.) and his signing with Sony Music Publishing (Japan). Kevin also lent his voice to two songs on Nintendo's US release of Elite Beat Agents and sang The Kinks' "You Really Got Me" for a national Japanese television ad for Soft Bank, featuring Brad Pitt.
Since the summer of 2006, Kevin has been playing bass and singing in the praise band at LA Grace Church in Los Angeles.
Bands.
Albums.
AM Radio is ; Jason Moore, Joe Higgins, Rowan Robertson, Bryce Soderberg, and Kevin Ridel.

</doc>
<doc id="18649438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649438" title="Zbigniew Czerwiński">
Zbigniew Czerwiński

Zbigniew Czerwiński may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18649448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649448" title="Juan Leandro Quiroga">
Juan Leandro Quiroga

Juan Leandro Quiroga (born 20 April 1982 in Córdoba) is an Argentine footballer. He currently plays for Club Atlético Belgrano.
Career.
Quiroga started his playing career with Banfield in 2002. Between 2004 and 2007 he played in the Argentine 2nd Division with Defensa y Justicia. He had a short spell with Puebla F.C. in Mexico before joining Newell's in 2008. On 20 May 2010 the Newell's Old Boys 28-year old left wingback joined on loan to Club Atlético Colón.

</doc>
<doc id="18649452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649452" title="Private equity in the 1990s">
Private equity in the 1990s

Private equity in the 1990s relates to one of the major periods in the history of private equity and venture capital. Within the broader private equity industry, two distinct sub-industries, leveraged buyouts and venture capital experienced growth along parallel although interrelated tracks.
The development of the private equity and venture capital asset classes has occurred through a series of boom and bust cycles since the middle of the 20th century. Private equity emerged in the 1990s out of the ashes of the savings and loan crisis, the insider trading scandals, the real estate market collapse and the recession of the early 1990s which had culminated in the collapse of Drexel Burnham Lambert and had caused the shutdown of the high-yield debt market. This period saw the emergence of more institutionalized private equity firms, ultimately culminating in the massive Dot-com bubble in 1999 and 2000.
LBO bust (1990 to 1992).
By the end of the 1980s the excesses of the buyout market were beginning to show, with the bankruptcy of several large buyouts including Robert Campeau's 1988 buyout of Federated Department Stores, the 1986 buyout of the Revco drug stores, Walter Industries, FEB Trucking and Eaton Leonard. Additionally, the RJR Nabisco deal was showing signs of strain, leading to a recapitalization in 1990 that involved the contribution of $1.7 billion of new equity from KKR. Additionally, in response to the threat of unwelcome LBOs, certain companies adopted a number of techniques, such as the poison pill, to protect them against hostile takeovers by effectively self-destructing the company if it were to be taken over (these practices are increasingly discredited).
The collapse of Drexel Burnham Lambert.
Drexel Burnham Lambert was the investment bank most responsible for the boom in private equity during the 1980s due to its leadership in the issuance of high-yield debt. The firm was first rocked by scandal on May 12, 1986, when Dennis Levine, a Drexel managing director and investment banker, was charged with insider trading. Levine pleaded guilty to four felonies, and implicated one of his recent partners, arbitrageur Ivan Boesky. Largely based on information Boesky promised to provide about his dealings with Michael Milken, the Securities and Exchange Commission initiated an investigation of Drexel on November 17. Two days later, Rudy Giuliani, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, launched his own investigation.
For two years, Drexel steadfastly denied any wrongdoing, claiming that the criminal and SEC cases were based almost entirely on the statements of an admitted felon looking to reduce his sentence. However, it was not enough to keep the SEC from suing Drexel in September 1988 for insider trading, stock manipulation, defrauding its clients and stock parking (buying stocks for the benefit of another). All of the transactions involved Milken and his department. Giuliani began seriously considering indicting Drexel under the powerful Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO), under the doctrine that companies are responsible for an employee's crimes.
The threat of a RICO indictment, which would have required the firm to put up a performance bond of as much as $1 billion in lieu of having its assets frozen, unnerved many at Drexel. Most of Drexel's capital was borrowed money, as is common with most investment banks and it is difficult to receive credit for firms under a RICO indictment. Drexel's CEO, Fred Joseph said that he had been told that if Drexel were indicted under RICO, it would only survive a month at most.
With literally minutes to go before being indicted, Drexel reached an agreement with the government in which it pleaded "nolo contendere" (no contest) to six felonies – three counts of stock parking and three counts of stock manipulation. It also agreed to pay a fine of $650 million – at the time, the largest fine ever levied under securities laws. Milken left the firm after his own indictment in March 1989. Effectively, Drexel was now a convicted felon.
In April 1989, Drexel settled with the SEC, agreeing to stricter safeguards on its oversight procedures. Later that month, the firm eliminated 5,000 jobs by shuttering three departments – including the retail brokerage operation.
Meanwhile, the high-yield debt markets had begun to shut down in 1989, a slowdown that accelerated into 1990. On February 13, 1990 after being advised by United States Secretary of the Treasury Nicholas F. Brady, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Federal Reserve System, Drexel Burnham Lambert officially filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
S&L and the shutdown of the Junk Bond Market.
In the 1980s, the boom in private equity transactions, specifically leveraged buyouts, was driven by the availability of financing, particularly high-yield debt, also known as ""junk bonds"". The collapse of the high yield market in 1989 and 1990 would signal the end of the LBO boom. At that time, many market observers were pronouncing the junk bond market “finished.” This collapse would be due largely to three factors:
Despite the adverse market conditions, several of the largest private equity firms were founded in this period including:
The second private equity boom and the origins of modern private equity.
Beginning roughly in 1992, three years after the RJR Nabisco buyout, and continuing through the end of the decade the private equity industry once again experienced a tremendous boom, both in venture capital (as will be discussed below) and leveraged buyouts with the emergence of brand name firms managing multi-billion dollar sized funds. After declining from 1990 through 1992, the private equity industry began to increase in size raising approximately $20.8 billion of investor commitments in 1992 and reaching a high-water mark in 2000 of $305.7 billion, outpacing the growth of almost every other asset class.
Resurgence of leveraged buyouts.
Private equity in the 1980s was a controversial topic, commonly associated with corporate raids, hostile takeovers, asset stripping, layoffs, plant closings and outsized profits to investors. As private equity reemerged in the 1990s it began to earn a new degree of legitimacy and respectability. Although in the 1980s, many of the acquisitions made were unsolicited and unwelcome, private equity firms in the 1990s focused on making buyouts attractive propositions for management and shareholders. According to The Economist, “companies that would once have turned up their noses at an approach from a private-equity firm are now pleased to do business with them.” Additionally, private equity investors became increasingly focused on the long term development of companies they acquired, using less leverage in the acquisition. This was in part due to the lack of leverage available for buyouts during this period. In the 1980s leverage would routinely represent 85% to 95% of the purchase price of a company as compared to average debt levels between 20% and 40% in leveraged buyouts in the 1990s and the 2000s (decade). KKR's 1986 acquisition of Safeway, for example, was completed with 97% leverage and 3% equity contributed by KKR, whereas KKR's acquisition of TXU in 2007 was completed with approximately 19% equity contributed ($8.5 billion of equity out of a total purchase price of $45 billion). Additionally, private equity firms are more likely to make investments in capital expenditures and provide incentives for management to build long-term value.
The Thomas H. Lee Partners acquisition of Snapple Beverages, in 1992, is often described as the deal that marked the resurrection of the leveraged buyout after several dormant years. Only eight months after buying the company, Lee took Snapple Beverages public and in 1994, only two years after the original acquisition, Lee sold the company to Quaker Oats for $1.7 billion. Lee was estimated to have made $900 million for himself and his investors from the sale. Quaker Oats would subsequently sell the company, which performed poorly under new management, three years later for only $300 million to Nelson Peltz's Triarc. As a result of the Snapple deal, Thomas H. Lee, who had begun investing in private equity in 1974, would find new prominence in the private equity industry and catapult his Boston-based Thomas H. Lee Partners to the ranks of the largest private equity firms.
It was also in this timeframe that the capital markets would start to open up again for private equity transactions. During the 1990-1993 period, Chemical Bank established its position as a key lender to private equity firms under the auspices of pioneering investment banker, James B. Lee, Jr. (known as Jimmy Lee, not related to Thomas H. Lee). By the mid-20th century, under Jimmy Lee, Chemical had established itself as the largest lender in the financing of leveraged buyouts. Lee built a syndicated leveraged finance business and related advisory businesses including the first dedicated financial sponsor coverage group, which covered private equity firms in much the same way that investment banks had traditionally covered various industry sectors.
The following year, David Bonderman and James Coulter, who had worked for Robert M. Bass during the 1980s, together with William S. Price III, completed a buyout of Continental Airlines in 1993, through their nascent Texas Pacific Group, (today TPG Capital). TPG was virtually alone in its conviction that there was an investment opportunity with the airline. The plan included bringing in a new management team, improving aircraft utilization and focusing on lucrative routes. By 1998, TPG had generated an annual internal rate of return of 55% on its investment. Unlike Carl Icahn's hostile takeover of TWA in 1985., Bonderman and Texas Pacific Group were widely hailed as saviors of the airline, marking the change in tone from the 1980s. The buyout of Continental Airlines would be one of the few successes for the private equity industry which has suffered several major failures, including the 2008 bankruptcies of ATA Airlines, Aloha Airlines and Eos Airlines.
Among the most notable buyouts of the mid-to-late 1990s included:
As the market for private equity matured, so too did its investor base. The Institutional Limited Partner Association was initially founded as an informal networking group for limited partner investors in private equity funds in the early 1990s. However the organization would evolve into an advocacy organization for private equity investors with more than 200 member organizations from 10 countries. As of the end of 2007, ILPA members had total assets under management in excess of $5 trillion with more than $850 billion of capital commitments to private equity investments.
The venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble (1995 to 2000).
In the 1980s, FedEx and Apple Inc. were able to grow because of private equity or venture funding, as were Cisco, Genentech, Microsoft and Avis. However, by the end of the 1980s, venture capital returns were relatively low, particularly in comparison with their emerging leveraged buyout cousins, due in part to the competition for hot startups, excess supply of IPOs and the inexperience of many venture capital fund managers. Unlike the leveraged buyout industry, after total capital raised increased to $3 billion in 1983, growth in the venture capital industry remained limited through the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s increasing to just over $4 billion more than a decade later in 1994.
After a shakeout of venture capital managers, the more successful firms retrenched, focusing increasingly on improving operations at their portfolio companies rather than continuously making new investments. Results would begin to turn very attractive, successful and would ultimately generate the venture capital boom of the 1990s. Former Wharton Professor Andrew Metrick refers to these first 15 years of the modern venture capital industry beginning in 1980 as the "pre-boom period" in anticipation of the boom that would begin in 1995 and last through the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000.
The late 1990s were a boom time for the venture capital, as firms on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park and Silicon Valley benefited from a huge surge of interest in the nascent Internet and other computer technologies. Initial public offerings of stock for technology and other growth companies were in abundance and venture firms were reaping large windfalls.
The bursting of the Internet Bubble and the private equity crash (2000 to 2003).
The Nasdaq crash and technology slump that started in March 2000 shook virtually the entire venture capital industry as valuations for startup technology companies collapsed. Over the next two years, many venture firms had been forced to write-off their large proportions of their investments and many funds were significantly "under water" (the values of the fund's investments were below the amount of capital invested). Venture capital investors sought to reduce size of commitments they had made to venture capital funds and in numerous instances, investors sought to unload existing commitments for cents on the dollar in the secondary market. By mid-2003, the venture capital industry had shriveled to about half its 2001 capacity. Nevertheless, PricewaterhouseCoopers' MoneyTree Survey shows that total venture capital investments held steady at 2003 levels through the second quarter of 2005.
Although the post-boom years represent just a small fraction of the peak levels of venture investment reached in 2000, they still represent an increase over the levels of investment from 1980 through 1995. As a percentage of GDP, venture investment was 0.058% percent in 1994, peaked at 1.087% (nearly 19 times the 1994 level) in 2000 and ranged from 0.164% to 0.182% in 2003 and 2004. The revival of an Internet-driven environment (thanks to deals such as eBay's purchase of Skype, the News Corporation's purchase of MySpace.com, and the very successful Google.com and Salesforce.com IPOs) have helped to revive the venture capital environment. However, as a percentage of the overall private equity market, venture capital has still not reached its mid-1990s level, let alone its peak in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18649495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649495" title="PennPraxis">
PennPraxis

PennPraxis is the "clinical" arm of the School of Design at the University of Pennsylvania, and is a 501c(3) non-profit subsidiary of the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania. The group offers community collaborative design opportunities for Penn faculty and students to test ideas and theories in practical "real world" applications while offering architectural and planning services to individuals and groups who are either in need or are otherwise unable to procure these services from traditional sources. In its first 10 years it earned $16m in fees.
Requirements for project proposals are that the projects not meet the University's guidelines for "sponsored research projects"; they must also provide educational benefits and/or serve the interests of the (Philadelphia) community. PennPraxis has been working on ideas for urban planning for the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania according to a 'civic vision' it has for the city, including the Delaware River waterfront, and the western banks of the Schuylkill River, where Penn's campus faces. The group is led by executive director and Penn faculty member Harris Steinberg. Some of the group's funding comes from the William Penn Foundation.
PlanPhilly, or www.PlanPhilly.com, is the group's independent news Web site, covering the city's Planning Commission, the Zoning Board of Adjustment, the Zoning Code Commission, the Delaware River Waterfront Corp. (formerly Penn's Landing Corp.), development, housing, streets, commercial real estate and other, related topics. Its editor is Matt Golas, formerly of the "Philadelphia Inquirer". Main writers for the site are Kellie Patrick Gates and business writer Thomas J. Walsh.
On June 26, 2008, Philadelphia mayor Michael Nutter accepted PennPraxis' recommendations for the introduction of Foxwoods and SugarHouse casinos in the redevelopment of the Delaware River waterfront. The plan, while not binding on the two casino operators yet, strongly recommends serious redesign of the casinos' plans, including the use of off-site parking accessible to non-patrons. Representatives from both casinos accused PennPraxis of being biased against them. It was later reported that PennPraxis hired five experts to devise alternative plans for the casinos, accommodating for reduced on-site parking, a breakdown from a more singular building mass to allow more public access to the river, a 30-percent allotment of the area for open space, use of green roofs and accommodations for mass transit, to conform to PennPraxis' civic vision, parts of which the mayor has since promised to accept.
Designs by PennPraxis influenced plans for the regeneration of Philadelphia's waterfront announced in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18649514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649514" title="2008 Manx Grand Prix">
2008 Manx Grand Prix

Race results.
Race 1; Newcomers Race A.
Monday 25 August 2008 – Mountain Course 2 laps – 75.46 miles (121.40 km).
"Fastest Lap: Ryan Kneen – 104.005 mph (21' 45.97) on lap 2."
Race 1; Newcomers Race C.
Monday 25 August 2008 – Mountain Course 2 laps – 75.46 miles (121.40 km).
"Fastest Lap: Daniel Kneen – 96.829 mph (23' 22.76) on lap 2."
Race 2; Senior Classic Race.
Monday 25 August 2008 – Mountain Course 3 laps – 113.00 miles (181.96 km)
"Fastest Lap: Ryan Farquhar – 103.572 mph (21' 51.44)"
Race 3; Junior Classic Race.
Wednesday 27 August 2008 – Mountain Course 3 laps – 113.00 miles (181.96 km)
"Fastest Lap; Roy Richardson – 22 minutes 23.71 seconds 101.084 mph"
Race 3; Lightweight Classic Race.
Wednesday 27 August 2008 – Mountain Course 3 laps – 113.00 miles (181.96 km)
"Fastest Lap; Ewan Hamilton – 23 minutes 57.29 seconds 94.503 mph"
Race 4; Junior Manx Grand Prix.
Wednesday 27 August 2008 – Mountain Course 3 laps – 113.00 miles (181.96 km)
"Fastest Lap; Michael Weldon – 19 minutes 20.88 seconds 117.004 mph"
Race 5; Senior Manx Grand Prix.
Saturday 30 August 2008 – Mountain Course 2 laps – 75.46 miles (121.40 km) – Reduced Race Distance.
"Fastest Lap: Adam Barclay – 119.996 mph (18' 51.94) on lap 2."
Race 6a; Lightweight Manx Grand Prix.
Saturday 30 August 2008 – Mountain Course 3 laps – 113.00 miles (181.96 km) – Reduced Race Distance.
Race 6b; Ultra-Lightweight Manx Grand Prix.
Saturday 30 August 2008 – Mountain Course 3 laps – 113.00 miles (181.96 km) – Reduced Race Distance.

</doc>
<doc id="18649520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649520" title="Black Crescent Mountain">
Black Crescent Mountain

Black Crescent Mountain is a mountain in the Crescent Range of the White Mountains, north of Randolph and southwest of Berlin in New Hampshire. The summit is on the eastern boundary of the White Mountain National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="18649535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649535" title="Talus (fortification)">
Talus (fortification)

The talus is an architectural feature of some late medieval castles, especially prevalent in crusader constructions. It consists of a sloping face at the base of a fortified wall. The slope acts as an effective defensive measure in two ways. First, conventional siege equipment is less effective against a wall with a talus. Scaling ladders may be unable to reach the top of the walls and are also more easily broken due to the bending stresses caused by the angle they are forced to adopt. Siege towers cannot approach closer than the base of the talus, and their gangplank may be unable to cover the horizontal span of the talus, rendering them useless. Furthermore, defenders are able to drop rocks over the walls, which will shatter on the talus, spraying a hail of shrapnel into any attackers massed at the base of the wall.

</doc>
