<doc id="18565495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565495" title="Melchior Hittorp">
Melchior Hittorp

Melchior Hittorp (born about 1525, at Cologne; died there in 1584) was a German Roman Catholic theologian and liturgical writer.
Life.
On the completion of his studies he obtained the degree of Licentiate of Theology, and was appointed Canon at S. Maria ad Gradus. In 1593 he was elected dean of the collegiate church of St. Cunibert.
Works.
At the request of Jacob Pameius, then canon of Bruges and later Bishop of St-Omer, Hittorp published in 1568 "Vetustorum ecclesiæ patrum libri varii de divinis catholicæ ecclesiæ officiis", a work containing various liturgical writings of Isidore of Seville, Alcuin, Rhabanus Maurus, Strabo, Berno, and others. An enlarged edition by Ferrari (1591) was reproduced in the "Magn. Bibl, vet. PP.", X (Paris, 1644).

</doc>
<doc id="18565505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565505" title="St. John's Matriculation Higher Secondary School Alwarthirunagar">
St. John's Matriculation Higher Secondary School Alwarthirunagar

__TOC__
St John's Matriculation Higher Secondary School is a school in Alwarthirunagar which had its beginnings in the early 1980s. The school was founded by D John Ponnudurai. This school is part of IYAP consortium. The school follows Matriculation Syllabus for students between Grade 1 to Grade 10 and Tamil Nadu State Board for grades Eleven and Twelve. It has branches in Porur, Triplicane and a sister school in the name of the Good Shepherd in Alwarthirunagar. The medium of education is English with Tamil, Hindi and French as second languages.
The school has three floors with the top floor being thatched. It has a creche and more classrooms across the street. The competition comes from Balalok, Avichi and A V Meiyappan. The school uses the R K Ground nearby for games and sports.
Infrastructure and facilities.
The main building was constructed in 1984. The school has laboratories for Physics, Chemistry and Biology. The school has a small playground, but for a larger playground students go to the Ramakrishna Nagar Ground. Transportation such as bus, van and cycle rickshaw are provided at additional charge.
The school runs Project Day where the students do experimental and art preparations which are displayed in the school. The students display and explain to the visitors. This is financed by students themselves; some teachers also provide finance.
The school celebrates Annual Day where students perform dance or sing songs on the stage and awards are given to first, second rank holders and most disciplined student by a guest. The most disciplined student is selected by a class teacher. Previous guests have been celebrities like Vijayakant. A souvenir is provided to the students which contains the pictures of first, second and third rank holders and also contains articles and poems composed by the school students. 
Students who fail in subjects are given coaching classes, where they stay after normal timings and study.
Teachers.
The class teacher does management activities such as attendance, exam reports management, complaints handling and resolution, and parent-teacher meets. Some class teachers teach all the subjects for the lower grade classes. Mostly, subjects such as English and Moral Science are taught by the class teachers.
Staff.
Principal/Founder/Chairman: Dr. John Ponnudurai(Late)
Principal: Mr. Vinod Diraviyaraj"(s/o Dr. John Ponnudurai)
Head Master/Mistress/Vice Principal: Ms. Manoranjitham Wilfred, Ms.Ambika Suresh, followed by N Francis, who was followed by Mrs.Rama.
Uniform history.
The first uniform was checked tops with half centimetre white and brown check boxes and chocolate pants till 1983. In 1984 it was cream coloured shirt and chocolate pants. During 1985 it changed to a lighter shade of chocolate shirt and chocolate pants with black shoes. On Mondays the uniform was white tops, white pants and white shoes.
Since the start of the school the tie had been brown. In the 1980s, the tie design changed to half centimetre coloured stripes of cream and chocolate. 
The girls wear shirt and skirt till VII standard and Salwar Kameez from VIII standard. For boys its half pant and shirt till VII standard and full pants from VIII standard. The school provides belts with the school logo and four coloured (blue, green, red and yellow) groupings or houses. Wearing them was mandatory till 1986. The school uniform, badge, tie, belt and shoes were mandatory and were inspected when the students were returning from prayer to classroom. The lady teachers wore a green saree on Mondays.
School day.
The school starts with Christian prayers and song at 8:45 am and closes with the prayer,song and Indian National Anthem at 3:45 pm. Each period is 40 minutes, at the end of which a bell is rung. There are eight periods in a day, with haf and hour lunch from 12:00 Noon to 12.30 pm. Morning session is for three hours with a 15 minutes break. The prayers include a Christian prayer, a pledge, news reading and on Mondays, a Flag Hoisting is done by the school principal. 
Daily the students write their home work in the school diary. and the teachers sign it. The students do their homework and get it signed from their parents. This is checked by the teacher the next morning. Since its a Christian school, they have one extra subject called Moral Science which is taught by the class teacher.and expireince teachera are mrs sharmila mrs annandhi mrs kiran etc.
Other details.
The school conducts a parent-teacher meeting day quarterly. Speech programs are run to increase the speech skills of the students. Quiz competitions are also conducted.
Competition.
The schools which are in competition with the school are the matriculation schools in the vicinity – Balalok, AV Meiyappan.
Tuition centres to which the students can go are primarily Namadurai Coaching centre (Sri Krishna Institute of Individuality development (SKIID)), Devi Institute Of Mathematics (DIM) and KD CN Tuition centre. The students of X and XII students go to tuition centres for additional revisions of the syllabus.
This school has a good record of getting 100% first class in the board exams. The students who do not get good marks in school exams are sent to the Triplicane branch of this school before X and XII board exams.
Syllabus.
The school has Matriculation syllabus till X standard and State Board from XI standard with English Medium. The science subject is split into Physics, Chemistry, Botany and Zoology in VI standard. Maths is split into Maths I and II in VIII standard. English and Hindi are split into I and II parts. There are practicals in Biology, Physics and Chemistry which involves doing experiments in the Laboratory. 
Groups during XI and XII standard are:
French is considered to be a scoring subject in comparison to Hindi and Tamil. Moral Science is a standard subject till IXth standard.
The exams are I Mid Term, Quarterly, II Mid Term, Half yearly, III Mid term and Annual exam in order. For Xth and XIIth the additional exams there are three revision tests before the board exams. 10 day study leave is provided before the board exams.
Leadership roles to students.
The most basic form of leadership role given to students is the assignment of a Class Leadership role. The Class Leader manages silence in the class, and sees that the things essential to the class such as board duster and chalk are available.
Other leadership roles that are for students in the senior grades:
Apart from the school syllabus, activities include competing with other schools. Mostly these are quizzes, Speech, Project exhibitions and competitive exams.
Fees.
The school charges fees for education as it is a private institute.

</doc>
<doc id="18565508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565508" title="A TV Dante">
A TV Dante

A TV Dante is a 1989 film directed by Tom Phillips and Peter Greenaway. It covers eight of the 34 cantos in Dante Alighieri's "Inferno", part his 14th century epic poem "Divine Comedy".
Peter Greenaway and Tom Phillips won the Prix Italia for A TV Dante, their ambitious project to produce a video version of Dante’s Inferno. Greenaway was first inspired by artist Tom Phillips’ illustrated translation of the work and they collaborated on this, the first eight Cantos of the work, using all the state-of-the-art technological resources available to the electronic media at the time. The eight Cantos of the film are not conventionally dramatised, rather they are illuminated with layered and juxtaposed imagery and a soundtrack which comments, counterpoints and clarifies. There are visual footnotes delivered by relevant expert authorities, and these often perform the function of narration as well as illustration. The result is a video journey through Dante's underworld. The press was unanimous in welcoming their bold new approach to the art of television when A TV Dante was transmitted on Channel 4 in 1990. 
Starring John Gielgud, Bob Peck and Joanne Whalley-Kilmer.
Press Quotes.
“A dazzling and inventive piece of video-image making...an eye-stitching use of television.” 
“Nothing quite like it has been seen on television before. The extraordinary, multi-layered images on the screen are not so much state-of-the-art video but the state after that.”
“That rare and beautiful thing, an attempt to do something new with the medium.”

</doc>
<doc id="18565520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565520" title="Antonio de Dios">
Antonio de Dios

Antonio de Dios is a "bird aficionado" known in the relevant circles from the Philippines who established in 1975 Birds International, Inc. (not to be confused with BirdLife International, an environmental non-governmental organization and not affiliated with the short-lived quarterly publication "Birds International" by Joe Forshaw), a company working in the field of aviculture.
Early years.
He came from a wealthy family and currently is the President and General Manager of Transport Equipment
Corporation, the family business established by his father.
Aviculture.
De Dios was interested in animals since his childhood and kept many pets (including several birds) in their family house before proceeding to breeding business. He had become aware of the critical decline of exotic bird population in his country in early 1970s and decided to open a breeding and research facility. He acquired a field of six hectares in Quezon City near Manila, the capital of the Philippines, and established Birds International Incorporated. The location of the center is suitable since the tropical climate of Philippines is conducive to the breeding and propagation of exotic birds. He is also the director of the facility.
The company is the largest captive parrot breeding facility in the world;., not to be confused with the largest 'bird collection in the world' boasting one third of all species existing in captivity which claims title to Dr. Jesus Estudillo Lopez of Mexico City. Mr. de Dios has been labelled "the biggest and most successful breeder of exotic birds in the world" and a successful business venture. It is reputed to have the largest parrot collection in the world.
However Antonio de Dios has also been heavily criticized by some conservationists for his commercial interests in the Spix's Macaw, one of the rarest birds in the world, despite his success in captive breeding the species. For example when he decided to donate some birds to other facilities Natasha Schischakin, a conservationist working on Spix's Macaw who is critical of private efforts, stated that "The owner of BII, Antonio de Dios offered to donate these birds to the reintroduction effort, but only with the establishment of rigorous protocols and involvement of his staff in the reintroduction program.".
Publications.
M. A. R. (1996). "Protocol for red-vented cockatoo at Birds International Inc., Philippines" in "European studbook for the red-vented cockatoo".

</doc>
<doc id="18565522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565522" title="Dalane Tidende">
Dalane Tidende

Dalane Tidende is a local newspaper published in Egersund, Norway.
"Dalane Tidende" was started in 1885 as "Dalernes Tidende". Its name was changed in 1934. It was stopped in 1941, but returned in 1945.
It has a circulation of 8,418, of whom 8,005 are subscribers.
"Dalane Tidende" is published by "Dalane Tidende & Egersund Avis AS", which is owned by half a dozen private persons.

</doc>
<doc id="18565530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565530" title="Marko Bašić">
Marko Bašić

Marko Bašić (born 13 September 1984) is a Croatian football player. He currently plays for HNK Šibenik. He has also played for NK Varteks in Croatia and Kastrioti Krujë in the Albanian Superliga.

</doc>
<doc id="18565540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565540" title="Kadayanickadu">
Kadayanickadu

Kadayanickadu (കടയനിക്കാട്) is a village situated 11 km east of Karukachal, spread out on either sides of Changanacherry - Manimala road in Kerala, India. It is a typical Kerala rural settlement with the nature‘s green covering, ringing rivulets, small hills and slopes, agricultural fields, inhabited by rustic population. It is a Kara in Vellavoor revenue village in Changanacherry taluk, Kottayam district.
The nearest railway stations are Kottayam (32 km) and Changanacherry (28 km), and the nearest Airport is Cochin Airport ( Nedumbassery ) about 81 km away.
About Kadayanickadu.
The name "Kadayanickadu".
The name Kadayanickadu is composed of three syllables, namely 'Kada,' 'Ani' and 'Kadu.' 'Kada' means the end or the last portion. 'Ani' means Mother Goddess Devi. 'Kadu' is jungle as also abode of Devi. Thus 'Anikadu' means a 'Kadu (or Kavu)' where Devi is installed. There is an ancient Devi temple here. The place Kadayanickadu lies in the middle-end of two Anikadus in the neighborhood - Anikadu north and Anicadu south with very famous Devi temples. 'Kada,' the middle-end of both the Anikadus became ‘Kadayanikadu,’ the abode of Mother Goddess. The whole Anikadu area would have been once a single unit.
It is also possible that the name is derived from ‘Ayini’ tree (also known as 'Anjili' - Artocarpus hirsutus), which was abundantly found and widely used in the construction of ancient houses in this area.
Another possibility is that the name coined from the word 'Katyayani,' (also Kathyayini), another name for goddess Durga in Sanskrit. Two ancient Devi temples of Kadayanickadu reinforce this conjecture.
History and Culture.
There is no legendary evidence even to know when human habitation commenced here. It has got a hoary past. There are certain house/locality names like Vizhapadikal, Paruvackadu, Karimpanil, Kallikal, Murudenpalakal, the correct import of the words is not deducible in current Malayalam. These words would have been used in very old days. This throws light on the fact that human habitation started here hundreds of years back.
According to known history, it was once part of Thekkumkoor kingdom, and was under the control of two Local Lords (Madampies), namely Ranni Kartha and Agasthanathu Nair, responsible for the maintenance of law and order as also tax collection. In AD 1749 King Marthanda Varma captured Thekkumkoor and annexed it to Venad. All the previous Local Lords were removed from the posts and the king brought his own loyal people for the administration. The entire land from the precincts of Nedumkunnam to Chirakkadavu, extending for about 20 km was put under the progeny of a woman who was brought in marriage from Chelampaneth family of Ayroor to Madhavakottu family in Kangazha. This family was later divided into three branches or Tharavadus. Kangazha area came under the control of Eranattu or Erattu and Kadayanickadu under Thayyil Tharavadu.
A prominent Karnavar of that time, Thayyil Samprathipillai, who was also the palace head clerk, rebuilt the Thayyil Tharavadu buildings about 250 years ago. It is a wooden building structure measuring 40 X 25 feet covered with fireproof brick and lime mortar on the top. There is a vast underground cell (Nilavara) and inner cells constructed in such away as to store paddy produced in the vast stretch of land owned by the family at that time. Closely placed wooden ceiling beams of its roof and the tiles of M/s. P. Albuquerque & Sons, Mangalore manufactured in the year 1868 are evidencing the fact that the house was formally thatched, but has later been tiled.
The north eastern a part of Kadayanikadu is owned and inhabited by other Nair families from very old times. They are Kannankavunkal, Kulathinkal, Mukkanolil, Vellachira and Pulinthara. Their ancestors were agriculturists who did the cultivation themselves. They had their own temple, and Sarpa Kavu which exists even today.
Another prominent sect is Ezhavas. They live in the north western corner areas. The legendary belief is that they are the progeny of a Namboothiri woman from elsewhere who married an Ezhava and settled here. The previously mentioned famous Devi temple is owned by them. It is believed that the idol installed there was the one used by the Namboothiri women for her personal worship. The Ezhavas of Kadayanickadu are of higher standards, rather Orthodox and are landowners. The main families are Vakanani, Konattu, Koyippuram and Puthanpurackal.
The other backward classes and castes like Ulaya, Pulayars, Paravans etc. are also living here as son’s of the soil for centuries. Their ancestors would have been agricultural labors
A few Christian families also live here from very old times. The earliest appears to be Ambalattumkal. In those days there was a belief that once a certain Hindu community (oil mongers) makes coconut oil, one Christian person has to touch that oil for purification. It is believed that Ambalattumkal family was brought and settled here for the purpose of “oil purification by touch.” The other Christian families are Sarpathummuri, Mathilakam, Poothiot & Thottiyil. Malayil family came from Vazhoor and settled here. Most of the Christians are engaged in commercial activities.
In Kadayanikadu complete interaction mutual respects, co operation exists between all the castes, creed & faiths. There are major temples, two for Devi and for Sastha.The Sasta temple is owned by NSS - Nair Service Society Karayogam, one Devi temple by SNDP - Sree Narayana Dharma Paripalana and the other by Ayyappa Seva Sangham. St Marys church Kadayanickadu is a Syro Malabar Christian community church under Changanacherry Arch Diocese.
Snake worship prevailed here from very long times. The Sarpakavu at Vellachira, Kannankavu, Pulinthara and Palathu are owned by the respective families.
Prominent Institutions.
Vimala Poor Home Kadayanickadu which came into existence on 13 October 1979 is being run by Sisters of Adoration of the Blessed Sacrament(SABS), Changanacherry. This institution provides shelter to destitute women from all caste and creed. For this dream project of late Arch Bishop Antony Padiyara, Sarpathumury (Villampara) Mr. Chackochan and his brother John donated their two acres of land for free.
The inmates are provided with spiritual, recreational, medical and other amenities and also encouraged to take care of poultry and rabbit farming and also cultivation of vegetables.
Notable Residents.
V.S. Bhaskara Panicker (Rtd. Supdt.of Post Offices)- Writer and former Gen. Secretary, Akhila Bharatha Ayyappa Seva Sangham 
Labour Commissioner TT Antony Thudiamplackal IASneeded
Ottamthullal exponent (late) K V Sukumaran Nair ,
Ex.MLA kadayanickad Purushothaman Pillai,
Kathaprasangam Artist (late) A N R Pillai,
Ottamthullal exponent Kalamandalam purushothaman kartha,
Former Dist Panchayath President Adv.KP.Sreekumar,
journalists Binura & Sreekanth
Nearby Places.
Kadayanickadu is situated near Manimala town. It is about 15 km from the famous Kanjirappally town and Ponkunnam. Also, Kadayanickadu is just about 20 km from Erumely, which is an important destination for Lord Ayyappa devotees during 'Mandala' season, en route to Sabarimala.

</doc>
<doc id="18565559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565559" title="Lamine Diarrassouba">
Lamine Diarrassouba

Career.
Politehnica Iaşi signed him from Egyptian club Al-Sekka Al-Hadid. He left Romania in January 2009, but re-signed after failed trials on 25 March 2009 on new contract with Politehnica Iaşi. Following the dissolution of Politehnica, he moved to FC Braşov, where he played for a half of a season, before signing with Nîmes Olympique in January 2011. In February 2012, he joined Slovak club FK Senica on a two-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="18565560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565560" title="Nymagee">
Nymagee

Nymagee is a small town in the north west of New South Wales, situated 618 kilometres north west of Sydney, 130 kilometres south west of Nyngan and 89 kilometres south of Cobar. It is in the Shire of Cobar, The State Government area of Barwon and the Federal Government area of Calare. At the 2006 census, Nymagee had a population of 103 people.
History.
Nymagee was originally a copper mining town and in its peak supported a population of over 2200 people, half of those being Chinese migrants. However when the mine closed in 1917 most of the towns residents moved out. in 1999 local residents started an outback music festival to increase tourism and residents in the town. The first festival was visited by 600 tourists and the festival has since increased Nymagee's tourism by 60% and significantly increased the number of permanent residents

</doc>
<doc id="18565583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565583" title="1906–07 South Africa rugby union tour">
1906–07 South Africa rugby union tour

The 1906-07 South Africa tour of Britain, Ireland and France was a collection of friendly rugby union games undertaken by the South Africa national rugby union team against the four British Home Nation teams. The tour also took in several matches against British and Irish club, county and invitational teams before finally travelling to France to play the national team.
This was the inaugural South Africa tour and is recognised as the event that coined the phrase "Springboks" as a nickname for the South African team.
The 1906 Springboks were "the first national team to utilize the 3-4-1 formation". 
The tour was extremely successful for the South Africans which helped garner respect from the Northern Hemisphere teams and established South Africa as a formidable rugby playing country. In the tests played the team would only lose to Scotland and drew against England. The South African defeat of Wales was a shock to many critics and ended the international careers of some of the greatest Welsh players of the time. Out of 29 matches played, South Africa won 26, lost two and drew one.
The matches.
Devon.
Devon: F Lillicrapp (Albion), AJR Roberts (Exeter), J. Schulz (R.N. College, Dartmouth), De Smidt (Plymouth), F SCott (Bristol), R Jago (Albion), J Peters (Plymouth), W Mills (Albion), SG Williams, (Albion), J Cummings (Albion), EW Roberts (R.N. College, Dartmouth), TS Kelly (London Harlequins), GD Roberts (Exeter), Dix (R.N. College, Dartmouth), G Farr, (Torquay)
South Africa: AF Marsberg, JD Krige, JA Loubser, FJ Dobbin, P Roos (capt.), WA Burger, PA le Roux, DJ Brink, WC Martheze, JWE Raaff, WS Morkel, JG Hirsch, A Stegmann, HW Carolin, DF Morkel
The South African match against Devon is noted for events that occurred before the game began. On the day Devon fielded England international James Peters, the first black player to be capped for his country. On learning they would be facing a black player, the South Africans refused to take to the field. The South African High Commissioner, who was in the crowd, approached the Springboks and successfully persuaded them to play. 
Newport.
Newport: Dai Boots, Reg Plummer, WH Gunstone, S Adams, WR Thomas, Walter Martin, Tommy Vile, Charlie Pritchard capt., Edwin Thomas Maynard, Jehoida Hodges, William Dowell, Ernie Jenkins, H Davies, Harry Wetter, George Boots
South Africa: AF Marsberg, JD Krige, JS le Roux, FJ Dobbin, P Roos (capt.), WA Burger, PA le Roux, DJ Brink, AC Stegmann, JWE Raaff, HA de Villiers, DC Jackson, D Brooks, DS Mare, DF Morkel
Glamorgan.
Glamorgan: Bert Winfield (Cardiff), Hopkin Maddock (London Welsh), Billy Trew (Swansea), Rhys Gabe (Cardiff), Teddy Morgan (London Welsh) (capt.), H Toft (Swansea), Dicky Owen (Swansea), John Alf Brown (Cardiff), G Northmore (Cardiff), Billy O'Neill (Cardiff), Dai Jones (Aberdare), Jack Williams (London Welsh), Will Joseph (Cardiff), H Hunt (Cardiff), Dick Thomas (Mountain Ash)
South Africa: AF Marsberg, JA Loubser, JD Krige, FJ Dobbin, P Roos (capt.), WA Burger, DJ Brink, AC Stegmann, JWE Raaff, HA de Villiers, D Brooks, HW Carolin, DF Morkel, WS Morkel, WA Millar
Scotland.
South Africa: AFW Marsberg, AC Stegmann, HA de Villiers, JD Kriege, JA Loubser, HW Carolin capt., FJ Dobbin, WAG Burger, HJ Daneel, DJ Brink, D Brooks, JWE Raaff, AF Burdett, WS Morkel, DS Maré
Ireland.
Ireland GJ Henebrey, HB Thrift, RPC Gotto, James Cecil Parke, Basil Maclear, TTH Robinson, ED Caddell, A Tedford, CE Allen capt., HS Sugars, GT Hamlet, M White, G McIldowie, HG Wilson, JJ Coffey
South Africa: SJ Joubert, AC Stegmann, JH Hirsh, JD Krige, JA Loubser, DC Jackson, HW Carolin, WAG Burger, HJ Daneel, AF Burdett, PJ Roos capt., WC Martheze, DFT Morkel, WS Morkel, PA Le Roux
Wales.
Wales: John Dyke (Penarth), Teddy Morgan (London Welsh), Gwyn Nicholls (Cardiff) capt., Rhys Gabe (Cardiff), Johnnie Williams (Cardiff), Percy Bush (Cardiff), Dicky Owen (Swansea), Will Joseph (Swansea), George Travers, (Pill Harriers), Dai Jones (Treherbert), Arthur Harding (London Welsh), Jack Jenkins (London Welsh), Jack Williams (London Welsh), Charlie Pritchard (Newport), Dick Thomas, (Mountain Ash)
South Africa: AF Marsberg, S Joubert, HA de Villiers, JD Krige, JA Loubser, DC Jackson, FJ Dobbin, P Roos capt., WA Burger, HJ Daneel, PA le Roux, DJ Brink, WC Martheze, JWE Raaff, WS Morkel
Before the game hopes were high that the Welsh would be able to see off the South African threat. As one commentator wrote, "There was nothing in the South African's play to forbid Welsh hopes of repeating their success of last season...", harking back to Wales' famous victory over the All Blacks. When a Glamorgan XV team, which contained many Welsh caps that were to face South Africa, could only manage a drew against Gloucester, it caused some people to re-think the team's chances of winning. This caused an outcry for Welsh star, Gwyn Nicholls, to come out of international retirement to face South Africa. Even the South African players' voiced their disappointment at not facing Nicholls on the pitch. When Billy Trew withdrew from the Glamorgan XV against Monmouthshire on 22 November, Nicholls was the surprise replacement, and a few days later Nicholls told the "Daily Mirror" that he intended to "have a shot at the Springboks"
On the day of the match, South Africa were without some of their star players, including lead try scorer Stegmann, who had suffered a leg strain in the Belfast encounter. However, captain and talisman Paul Roos was back in the squad though sporting a heavy pad on his injured shoulder. The weather on the day was dry and the hard pitch suited the visitors. After an aggressive but blunt opening from the hosts, the South Africans found their pace and quickly took advantage. By half time the tourist were 6-0 ahead with tries from Joubert and Loubser. Gwyn Nicholls had a particularly poor game, wasting a panicked kick from Marsberg in the first half and throughout the game he and Gabe were so tightly marked that they were ineffective. In the second half it was a Nicholls error that handed the Springboks their third try when he caught a high ball safely, only to release it into open play. 'Klondyke' Raaff dribbled the ball away and scored a try that Joubert duly converted. The final result was 11-0 to the visitors; the majority of Welsh crowd were silenced by such a terrible result, though enough good-will was shown to carry captain Roos, and the constantly impressive Marsberg from the pitch.
After the games there were many ramifications for the Welsh team. The papers stated that the weakness shown by the forwards, and too many old players in the pack, were the reasons for the poor Welsh display. The Welsh Rugby Union reacted to the press comments by dropping many of the players from international rugby. Those players that would never again represent their country included, Dai Jones, Will Joseph, Gwyn Nicholls and Jack Williams; just one year after the legendary game against the All Blacks.
England.
England: JGG Birkett, A Alcock, EJ 'John' Jackett, Freddie Brooks, CH Shaw, R Dibble, W Mills, HE Shewring, T Simpson, BA Hill, VH Cartwright, TS Kelly, J Green, AD Stoop, R Jago
South Africa: SJ Joubert, AFW Marsberg, HA de Villiers, SC de Melker, JA Loubser, DC Jackson, FJ Dobbin, WA Millar, HJ Daneel, DJ Brink, PJ Roos capt., JWE Raaff, DFT Morkel, WS Morkel, PA Le Roux
Monmouthshire.
Monmouthshire: Jack Roberts (Blaina), Llew Llewellyn (Pill Harriers), John Hart Evans (Pontypool), Jack P. Jones (Pontypool), Billy Bowen (Abertillery), James Jones (Pontypool), Dai Beynon (Pontypool), Ernie Williams (Pontnewydd), George Travers (capt.) (Pill Harriers), Jake Blackmore (Abertillery), Jim Webb (Abertillery), Rees Thomas (Pontypool),Jack Foley (Brynmawr), Jack Jones (Cwmbran), Jack Jenkins (London Welsh)
Llanelli.
Llanelli: G. Thomas, William Richard Arnold, Rhys Gabe, G. Rowe, W. Thomas, H. Thomas, D. Lloyd, J. Auckland, Harry Vaughan Watkins, H. Cole, G. Dobbs, J. Watts, Nathaniel Walters capt., W. Cole, T. Evans
South Africa AFW Marsberg, JA Loubser, JG Hirsch, HA de Villiers, AC Stegmann, DC Jackson, FJ Dobbin, PJ Roos capt., WAG Burger, WA Millar DJ Brink, D Brooks, HJ Danell, DFT Morkel, JWE Raaff
The Springboks had a magnificent reception from a crown of 15,000. The South Africans started on an attack, but the Llanelli forwards soon rallied, resulting in a try that placed the Welshmen ahead. For the remainder of the first half the Springboks persistently pressed, eventually succeeding in piercing the Welsh defense, resulting in a converted try.
The Springboks were leading 5 to 3 at the interval. After the start of the second half the Welsh made a determined effort, but the Springboks forwards gained supremacy which they maintained. Towards the end of the game the Springbok scored with a succession of backline movements, resulting in two tries for Loubser. One of these tries was converted and a penalty goal was added, for the 16 to 3 final score.
Cardiff.
Cardiff: Bert Winfield, Cecil Biggs, Rhys Gabe, Gwyn Nicholls, Johnnie Williams, Percy Bush capt., Reggie Gibbs, Dickie David, Alfred Brice, G Northmore, Jack Powell, F Smith, John Alf Brown, J Casey, Billy O'Neill
South Africa: AFW Marsberg, JA Loubser, JG Hirsh, HA de Villiers, AG Stegmann, DC Jackson, FJ Dobbin, PJ Roos, capt., WA Millar, DFT Morkel, DJ Brink, HJ Daneel, PA le Roux, JWE Raaff, DS Mare
France.
France do not include this match in their official records and no caps were awarded.

</doc>
<doc id="18565588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565588" title="Harvey (Essex cricketer)">
Harvey (Essex cricketer)

Harvey (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 5 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1792 to 1793.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="18565595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565595" title="Latibulus">
Latibulus

Latibulus argiolus is a wasp in the family Ichneumonidae. The name is a senior synonym of "Endurus argiolus".
Biology.
Latibulus argiolus is a parasitoid which lies in wait in the near proximity of a "Polistes" paper wasp nest waiting for an opportunity for penetration and then, within a few seconds, lays an egg into a nest cell. The biology of the larva is unknown. There are two generations per year. The first emerges in the summer after pupation takes place in a yellowish cocoon within the cell; the second generation winters in a brown, resistant cocoon. The pupa of the second generation is able to break through the cell cover by making jerky movements. The pupa falls to the ground, looks for a recess by making rolling movements, and winters there.

</doc>
<doc id="18565598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565598" title="Robert Quarme">
Robert Quarme

Robert Quarme (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 4 known appearances in first-class cricket matches from 1792 to 1793.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Berkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18565603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565603" title="Cassie Hack">
Cassie Hack

Cassandra "Cassie" Hack is a fictional character that appears in the Hack/Slash comic books published by Devil's Due Publishing. The character first appears in "Hack/Slash: Euthanized" (April 2004), and was created by writer and occasional penciller Tim Seeley.
Seeley has repeatedly stated that Cassie is designed to be a horror victim who has overcome her fears and decided to take revenge on horror villains, who are known in the comic as "slashers". However, despite her hardened exterior, Seeley has tried to show that "beneath surface Cassie is still lost, scared innocent girl".
In 2005, Stefani Bishop portrayed Cassie in a stage adaptation of "Hack/Slash" called "Hack/Slash: Stagefright". A film adaptation of "Hack/Slash" was in development by Rogue Pictures. The character was ranked 37th in "Comics Buyer's Guide's" "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
Publication history.
Cassie and her partner, Vlad, first appeared in the "Hack/Slash" one-shot (later renamed "Hack/Slash: Euthanized") in 2004. This included a brief backstory called "The Strange Story of Cassie Hack". Between 2005 and 2007 a series of further one-shots were released including a mini-series: "Hack/Slash: Land of Lost Toys". In 2007, "Hack/Slash" became an ongoing series.
"Hack/Slash" has included crossovers with other franchises with Cassie and Vlad encountering Evil Ernie, Chucky, a horde of treehuggers and Herbert West from the cult-classic "Re-Animator" film series.
Fictional character biography.
Early life.
Cassandra "Cassie" Hack, daughter of Dr. Jack and Delilah Hack, grew up in western Wisconsin. Her father left soon after she was born, leaving Cassie with her overbearing, eccentric mother who worked as a cook at a nearby high school. A timid wallflower, plain-looking and unattractive, young Cassie was verbally and physically abused by her classmates. Never having a friend, Cassie was ostracized because she wasn't pretty and was poor and ill-dressed. This prompted her unbalanced mother, the "Lunch Lady", to kill every child at Cassie's school that had somehow hurt or insulted Cassie and serve them as the school food. Cassie, witnessing her mother's last killing spree, promptly called the police. She managed to save the life of her mother's last victim, but was forced to witness her mother's death when she committed suicide.
Cassie was placed in a foster home and attended a new school. She detested her fanatically religious foster parents, but endured, desiring to be accepted by someone. She began training in various martial arts and fighting techniques. In the meantime, she tried to find her father, utilizing the internet and whatever resources she could find. Two years later, children began disappearing once more, signalling the return of her mother, reborn as a vengeful "slasher" trying to continue its murderous spree. Feeling responsible for the deaths, Cassie confronted her mother once again and shot her. Driven by guilt and lacking any connection to anyone or anyplace, Cassie left her foster family and went on the road.
Solo adventures.
Cassie became determined to seek out slashers and stop their rampages wherever she could. She also hoped that she might find a clue to the whereabouts of her father, but for a long time, found nothing.
On one of her adventures, Cassie came to Chicago, where she hunted a killer known as "the Meatman", who was responsible for the deaths of several teenagers. She eventually encountered the Meatman, but discovered that he was not responsible for the murders. Cassie befriended the Meatman, a misshapen man named Vlad, and together they hunted down the actual murderer, a local minister/assassin with Mafia connections. The two began travelling together in a van bought with Cassie's inheritance, with Vlad acting as her bodyguard and muscle.
Cassie and Vlad, slasher slayers.
Some time later, the pair investigate a series of murders around a veterinary clinic in Eminence, Indiana. They rescue a vet, Lisa, from a slasher who was accidentally killed by Lisa's boyfriend. Later, they investigate a murder at a beach resort hosting a "girls gone naughty" event. While investigating the situation, Cassie becomes extremely drunk (when a boy drugged her ice tea with pure vodka) and having lost her inhibitions, flirts with a stranger and kisses a random girl. Despite being less than sober, she continues her investigation and encounters a crazed Catholic schoolgirl, Laura Lochs, who controls an undead preacher named Father Wrath. After a prolonged fight, Vlad kills Father Wrath and Cassie sets Laura on fire and leaves her for dead. Soon after, Cassie and Vlad, encounter a pair of slashers murdering writers and illustrators at a Philadelphia comic convention.
When Evil Ernie awakens in the "Hack/Slash" universe he begins a killing spree, murdering six women near a strip club in New Jersey. Cassie and Vlad investigate and track Ernie to a saw mill where he falls in love with Cassie, believing the two of them to be "two sides of the same coin". After escaping from Ernie, Cassie is distressed by the fact that she now has to kill the "one person who loves her". Vlad asserts that he loves her, but Cassie snaps and claims that he only thinks that because she's the only one who can stand being around him. Shocked by what she's said, she apologizes to Vlad and the pair resume their hunt for Ernie. Upon finding Ernie, he attempts to kidnap Cassie but accidentally banishes himself to Hell.
A tip from Lisa, who has been staying in contact, leads Cassie and Vlad to investigating the circumstances behind nine children dying in their sleep. Their contact, Jason, concludes that the person responsible is Ashley, a Freddy Krueger-esque slasher who can kill people in their dreams. After Jason is also killed, Cassie gets Lisa to knock her out with sleeping gas, so she can confront Ashley in his realm. Despite Ashley's best efforts, he is unable to kill Cassie and she soon turns her own past on him and Ashley is dispatched by Cassie's own worst nightmare: her mother. Afterward, Jason's ex-flatmate, Chris, begins a relationship with Lisa.
Later, while setting a trap for a slasher calling herself "the Acid Angel", Cassie and Vlad discover that a company led by ex-Miss America, Emily Cristy, is capturing slashers in order to perform experiments upon them. Cassie discovers that the company is producing a regenerative drug that turns people into slashers. After the slashers escape, Emily ends up taking the drug to save her life, but has her skin burned off in an explosion, creating a new slasher: Ms. America. Soon afterward, Cassie teams-up with a possessed doll, Chucky, in order to confront Laura Lochs who has returned and stolen Vlad's body using a voodoo amulet. After a series of battles, they defeat Laura once again and Vlad regains control of his body. However, despite Cassie's trying to stop him, Chucky escapes.
Cassie is later captured by a slasher who used to be a psychologist who analyzes and tortures her. After losing two toes and remembering various events from her childhood, Cassie self-diagnoses herself as "really fucked up" and pushes him out of the window. However, later in the bathroom, Cassie's hard exterior falters and she cries. Several days later, after receiving a call from Chris, Cassie and Vlad travel to Tampa Bay to investigate a string of disappearances coinciding with the tour schedule of a band called Acid Washed. Upon getting there, they meet a stripper called Georgia who offers to take them to the next concert. At the show, the band transport all the virgin girls, including Cassie and Georgia, to another realm to be sacrificed. While caged, Cassie talks to a local dog named Pooch, who tells her that the singer, Six Sixx, has made a deal with a demon. Afterwards, Cassie and Georgia flirt and talk about Cassie's undecided sexuality and the possibilities of escaping by "making each other impure" by having sex. However, Vlad arrives to rescue them and together they return to Earth and defeat Six.
Some time later, Cassie is forced to sell her mother's wedding ring in order to pay for better accommodation while Vlad recovers from a respiratory infection. Afterward, they travel to Stone County and encounter a new Father Wrath, who turns out to be nephew of the original.
Search for Dr. Jack Hack.
Cassie and Vlad's next adventure leads to a college in Massachusetts where a series of corpses have been discovered. Cassie and Vlad's relationship is somewhat rocky due to the amount of time Cassie has been spending on the phone with Georgia. After Vlad is attacked, Cassie begins questioning the local students and discovers that a number of them are lesbians who are involved in a cult surrounding the mythology of Elizabeth Bathory. After accidentally kissing one of the students (and thinking of Georgia at the time), Cassie interrogates her to find out more information about the cult. However, before the student can lead her to the cult's base of operations, Cassie encounters a government team working for her father. Cassie, Vlad and the government team are led to the cult's underground base where they are attacked by Ms. America, who has been stealing the blood and skin of students in an attempt to regain her original beauty. After a long battle, Vlad impales Ms. America. Afterwards, Cassie and Vlad reconcile, though Cassie is uncertain of her feelings towards Georgia.
Following the clues given by the government team, Cassie and Vlad search a cabin in Montana in the hopes of finding information about Cassie's father. What they find is a series of journals detailing how a group of feral children were turned into "revenants" (i.e., slashers) using a drug. The children then attack and Cassie is forced to shoot them, much to Vlad's objections. Afterwards, Cassie and Vlad hunt down a one-eyed vigilante, Nathan, who Cassie believes is a slasher. However, he is actually a man seeking vengeance for the murder of his wife. After Nathan exacts his revenge (he's fatally wounded in the process) Cassie, still confused by her feelings for Georgia, asks him how he knew that he was in love. Afterwards, Cassie takes a break from searching for her father to investigate a series of killings in Hitchfield, Georgia and encounter a horde of treehuggers and their puppet master, Eddie.
Not long after, Georgia contacts Cassie when several of the cast of a Wizard of Oz remake turn up dead. However, despite being told to wait, Georgia investigates on her own and is almost killed by a psychopathic Tin Man. She is soon rescued by an angry Cassie who begs Georgia "not to die on because there's too much death in life already". Cassie's search for her father soon comes to an end when she encounters Dr Herbert West, who has been working with Dr Jack Hack in researching slashers. West succeeds in reviving Delilah Hack; however she reverts to her Lunch Lady persona and kills her husband. Disappointed with the results, West kills the Lunch Lady with an overdose of his serum. He then gives Cassie the opportunity to reanimate her father, but she refuses.
Losing both her parents once again leaves Cassie deeply depressed, prompting the worried Vlad into calling Georgia and asking her to talk to Cassie. Cassie confides in Georgia that she can't go on killing slashers and wants to live a normal life, thoughts which alienate Vlad. While going to the Mississippi police to tell them all she knows about slashers, Cassie is arrested due to her suspected involvement in homicides throughout the country, the authorities having been led to believe Cassie may be responsible for the murders due to tips from psychic Muffy Joworski (who is being manipulated by the returned Ashley Guthrie, which Cassie and Vlad piece together). While being transported to a detention center Cassie is broken out by the Society of the Black Lamp, who attempt to ritualistically murder her as punishment for destroying slashers. At the last minute Cassie is saved by the vigilante Samhain, who kills the Black Lamp members.
Skills and abilities.
While Cassie has no formal combat training beyond childhood martial arts lessons, Cassie is a skilled close quarters fighter. Her weapon of choice is usually something light and swingable, such as her trademarked baseball bat. She is also adept at using a handgun and has killed many slashers with one. Cassie also has an eye for improvised weaponry and has been known to use all kinds of inanimate objects as makeshift weapons.

</doc>
<doc id="18565607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565607" title="Spencer Dale">
Spencer Dale

Spencer Dale (born 12 January 1967) is Executive Director and chief economist of the Bank of England.
He was educated at the University of Wales (University College Cardiff), gaining BSc in Economics in 1988 and at the University of Warwick, gaining an MSc in Economics in 1989, whereupon he immediately joined the Bank of England. He was appointed to his current position on 1 July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18565623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565623" title="Capron (Sussex cricketer)">
Capron (Sussex cricketer)

Capron (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 3 known appearances in major cricket matches in 1792.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="18565633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565633" title="Tziv'on">
Tziv'on

Tziv'on (, "lit." Crayon) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located near Safed and the Lebanese border, it falls under the jurisdiction of Upper Galilee Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 96.
The village was established in 1980 as a Nahal settlement, and was civilianised in 1986. It was named after the nearby Tziv'on Stream.

</doc>
<doc id="18565638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565638" title="Munday (Hampshire cricketer)">
Munday (Hampshire cricketer)

Munday (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 3 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1792 to 1797.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18565649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565649" title="William Streets">
William Streets

William Streets (born 1772 and christened 28 February 1772 at Newark-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire; date of death unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 4 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1792 to 1803.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Nottingham Cricket Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18565650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565650" title="Panglao Island International Airport">
Panglao Island International Airport

Panglao Island International Airport is an airport waiting to start construction on Panglao Island in the province of Bohol, Philippines. It is intended to become Bohol's international airport to support its tourism industry, especially on Panglao Island which is being promoted as an alternative destination for Boracay Island, When PIIA is opened, it will replace Tagbilaran Airport.
The airport is close to Tagbilaran Airport in Tagbilaran City which serves as the gateway to Panglao Island and the rest of mainland Bohol for domestic air travellers. It also is less than 3 hours travel time from Mactan-Cebu International Airport, which is a gateway to the Central Philippines for international tourists.
The NEDA board has now given the green light for the project in September 2012, at the cost of P7.4 billion pesos and to be funded from 2012 to 2017. It will be funded through Official Development Assistance (ODA) instead of the Public-Private Partnership (PPP) scheme. According to Tourism Sec. Ramon Jimenez, Jr. this will save the government additional costs, as the ODA has smaller interest rates since the government is the borrower, compared to the privately funded PPP.
Cost.
The airport will cost 4.8 billion pesos to build.

</doc>
<doc id="18565656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565656" title="Akanni-Sunday Wasiu">
Akanni-Sunday Wasiu

Akanni-Sunday Wasiu (born March 18, 1984 in Nigeria) is a Nigerian footballer who most recently played for Floriana in the Maltese Premier League.
Playing career.
Sunday began his career in Poland with Szczakowianka Jaworzno, where he made 27 appearances, scoring 3 goals, before moving to Lithuania to play for FC Vilnius in 2006. During his time in Lithuania, he made 15 appearances, scoring 1 goal, before deciding to try his luck in England in 2007, signing for non-league St Albans City. He impressed at Clarence Park, bagging 3 goals in 12 appearances before pitching up on trial with Colchester United on trial during the summer of 2008, where he eventually earned himself a one-year deal.
A pacy and powerful striker, Akanni-Sunday Wasiu joined Luton Town on a month’s loan from Colchester United in mid-January 2009, having been a long-term target for Hatters boss Mick Harford. He scored once in five games for Luton before his loan deal expired.
After the 2008-2009 season, Akanni-Sunday Wasiu was released by Paul Lambert and Colchester United after failing to make an impression on the first team.
Sunday joined Floriana on August 28, 2009 and his debut came the following day in a 0-6 loss against rivals Valletta. His second appearance for the club was a more pleasant experience, as he netted his first goal in the 1-1 draw against Tarxien. The powerful striker fast became a fan favourite at the club and was voted as the Man Of the Match on three occasions by the Maltese journalists. In 13 matches with the Greens' Wasiu netted no less than 7 goals.
Since 2010 season he plays for Chinese football teams (Changsha Ginde, 2010, Shenyang Dongjin F.C., 2011)
2012- Sunday Wasiu returned with Floriana F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="18565659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565659" title="Higashi-Tsuyama Station">
Higashi-Tsuyama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18565664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565664" title="List of Zzzap! characters">
List of Zzzap! characters

This is a list of characters in the comic from the children's television programme, "Zzzap!". Aimed for hearing impaired children, the show was broadcast on ITV (later ITV1) and ITV2 (although it was later re-ran on CITV) between 8 January 1993 to 21 September 2001.
Cuthbert Lilly (1993-2001).
Played by Richard Waites and aided with the catchphrase "He's Dead Silly". He had brown spiky hair and mostly wore a light pink lily colored suit with a yellow shirt and a red and white polka dot bow-tie. Cuthbert is one of two characters (the other being The Handymen) to have appeared in every episode from Series 1 to Series 10.
His comic sound effect bubbles always appeared lilac colored. Cuthbert's scenes follow the general trend of a slapstick comedy, where Cuthbert generally fails to perform simple tasks with disastrous consequences. The sketches often featured the recurring characters of "Mr Snooty", Cuthbert's antagonist, and the "Old Lady" who frequently attacks Cuthbert with an umbrella. His trademark characteristic is putting his thumbs up. Two running gags throughout his sketches show Cuthbert reaching out and taking the comic book frame from the edges of the screen before throwing it away, tripping over it or walking over it and Cuthbert repeatedly getting his hand crunched by anyone he tries to shake hands with.
Sometimes, if Cuthbert caused trouble, another person like an angry old lady or a policeman would chase after him. Before they did, he would stick his thumbs up to the camera, and then he would run off. 
Cuthbert is also a friend of Smart Arty and made a few cameos in his sketches mostly helping him solve a problem such as opening a pot of paint or looking after a baby.
In Series 1, Cuthbert was introduced with the camera travelling to visit his respective square, which showed a picture of Cuthbert with his thumbs up in the setting that the sketch would take place in. In Series 2 to 9, the square featured a ripped cartoon which he burst through which was reversed to give the effect of him mending the picture and coming into the sketch and in Series 10, frames containing the characters floated around the screen; the respective character's segment would continue when the roulette stopped at them. Cuthbert's panel was always at the Top Row on the left side. The following music was used in his sketches - Toytown, Clowns, Vintage Hollywood, Pony Trotting And Animal Capers, they are all production music. He was at the Top row on the left side.
Smart Arty (1993-1998).
Smart Arty is a caricatured French painter who featured in Series 1 to Series 7 and was played by Neil Buchanan. Smart's trademark is to blow the unseen audience kisses at the beginning and end of every segment.
His comic sound effect bubbles always appeared dark pink. All of Smart Arty sketches began with him painting the same picture of himself. In Series 1, the sketches featured Smart creating large pictures out of rather unusual objects.
From Series 2 onwards, the sketches involved drawings created with a magic pen which brought his many drawings to life This was performed in the style of Maurice Minor sketches in Kenny Everett's shows and the cartoon Penny Crayon. his sketches were accompanied by the music of Boccherini's "Menuet and Trio", from his "String Quartet in E.
In recognition of ZZZAP one of the Art Attack 'Big Art Attacks' featured on the show was a giant picture of Smart Arty.
Smart Arty would always do the same thing at the start of each sketch. He would always wave at the camera and would do 2 hops to the wall. 
Smart Arty's first ever sketch on the program was in Series 1, Episode 1, when he made a black sellotape picture of Laurel and Hardy. His last ever sketch was in Series 7, Episode 16. The sketch showed him planting some seeds in his garden. He was at the Bottom Row on the right side.
The Handymen (1993-2001).
The Handymen are two gloved hands; one yellow and one blue and were played by Sarah Pickthall. The Handymen are one of two segments of the show (the other being Cuthbert Lilly) to have appeared in every episode from Series 1 to Series 10.
The Handymen didn't have any comic sound effect bubbles. The sketches are performed in a theatre with an audience composed entirely of gloved hands. The Handymen appear on stage, either making an object or performing a magic trick. Whenever the Handymen used an object to perform something, there would be a cardboard sign attached to it, stating what the object was. The Handymen had the same music in all of their sketches from Series 1 to Series 7, but in Series 8 to 10 the featured music varied each episode. but every now and than the original theme was played. The Handymen were at the Top Row on the right side.
Tricky Dicky's Mission Impossible (1993).
Tricky Dicky was played by Richard Waites and was featured in Series 1. He was always seen wearing a black hat, a mask, and a grey trenchcoat and his trademark was a very high and slightly creepy giggle. His eyes only appeared at the beginning of his sketches.
His comic sound effect bubbles appeared in different colors such as black, white, blue and green. His sketches involved him writing a challenge on his typewriter, that would then have to be performed by a selection of children. The challenges initially sounded simple (for example, having to pour custard on a pudding), but they featured a twist that made it more difficult (i.e. the custard might be in a wheelbarrow and the pudding at the end of an obstacle course) The children would often give a black and white speech bubble of "Oh No!" and Tricky Dicky would hold up a speech bubble sign saying "Oh Yes!". Depending on whether the children failed or succeeded in completing the task, at the end of the sketch Tricky would hold up a sign reading - "Mission Impossible" or "Mission Possible" respectively.
The character of Tricky Dicky was dropped after Series 1, as the Character was deemed too scary for younger viewers. He was in the centre in the middle below the clown square.
Daisy Dares You (1994-2001).
Daisy Dares was featured in Series 2 to 10 and was the replacement for Tricky Dicky and was played by Deborah McCallum for Series 2 to 8 and Claire Macaulay for Series 9 and 10. Daisy was always seen wearing yellow and black checks, and was supposedly a young, cheeky schoolgirl in dungarees. Her hair was always tied into her trademark style of two bunches, sercured with yellow bows.
Her comic sound effect bubbles always appeared canary yellow. Much like the Tricky Dicky sketches featured in the first series, Daisy would set difficult challenges for a small group of children who were selected from local schools or drama organisations. If the children succeeded in performing the challenge, Daisy would start to cry or throw a tantrum, but if they all failed, Daisy would laugh and celebrate her victory. From Series 8 onwards, Daisy had to do the challenge herself if the kids succeeded. She would get covered in mouldy food or would fall into the swimming pool. If she fell in, the kids laughed and said hurrah.
In the last episode of Series 2 to Series 10, Daisy would set children a task where they would get themselves in trouble (usually by throwing food or gunge balloons at a policeman, some old ladies, or angry members of the public) but the plan would usually backfire and get Daisy into trouble. Daisy would also whistle to give the children a signal to perform. She is in the centre of the middle row, below the clown/dot to dot square.
Minnie The Mini Magician (1999-2001).
Minnie The Mini Magician was played by Sophie Aldred and was featured in Series 8 to 10 and was the replacement for Smart Arty. 
Her comic sound effect bubbles always appeared orange. Minnie was a magician in training who wore an L-plate around her neck to show this. Her magic performances usually go wrong or backfire on her, and whenever they did, she would sigh her catchphrase of "Oh well!" before tapping her learner sign. She is at the Bottom Row on the Right Side.

</doc>
<doc id="18565665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565665" title="John Clarke (cricketer)">
John Clarke (cricketer)

John Clarke (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made two known appearances in major cricket matches from 1792 to 1800.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Leicestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="18565678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565678" title="John Stewart (cricketer)">
John Stewart (cricketer)

John Stewart (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket 
matches from 1792 to 1797.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18565692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565692" title="James Smith (Kent cricketer)">
James Smith (Kent cricketer)

James Smith (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 8 known appearances in major cricket 
matches from 1792 to 1796.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Kent and Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18565714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565714" title="Facts on the ground">
Facts on the ground

Facts on the ground is a diplomatic term that means the situation in reality as opposed to in the abstract. It originated in discussions of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict, where it was used to refer to Israeli settlements built in the occupied West Bank, which were intended to establish permanent Israeli footholds in Palestinian territory. It is a literal translation of the Hebrew term "Uvdot Ba'Shetach" (עובדות בשטח) which is frequently used in Israeli political debates and discussions. The map project by Americans for Peace Now which tracks the Israeli settlements is called "Facts on the Ground".
Writing in 2010, Rashid Khalidi notes: "One reason Israel continues to build settlements is that, according to the so-called Clinton parameters laid down in 2000, a final Israeli-Palestinian agreement would grant sovereignty over Jewish-occupied areas to Israel, and Palestinian-inhabited areas to the new Palestinian state. Indeed, well over a decade of failed negotiations have only led to an acceleration of Israel’s land grab in the Holy City. Israeli planners have spent this time pushing settlers into heavily Arab-inhabited areas of the city, such as Sheikh Jarrah, Silwan, and Abu Dis, in order to create fresh “facts on the ground” -- a tactic used by the Zionist movement for over a century in order to obtain control over more and more of Palestine."
Further reading.
Gershom Gorenberg, "The Accidental Empire: Israel and the Birth of the Settlements, 1967-1977", Macmillan, 2006 

</doc>
<doc id="18565754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565754" title="Yir'on">
Yir'on

Yir'on () is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located adjacent to the Lebanese border, it falls under the jurisdiction of Upper Galilee Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 391.
The village was established on 20 May 1949 by former members of the Palmach's Yiftach Brigade and graduates of the "Dror-HeHalutz" youth movement on the ruins of the depopulated Palestinian village of Saliha. Ada Feinberg-Sireni, later a member of the Knesset, was amongst the founders. It was one of a series of villages established along the Lebanese border, with the intention of reinforcing the young states's borders. It was named after a biblical village of the Naftali tribe (Joshua 19:38), situated in this area.
The kibbutz makes money from tourism, the farming of fruit, the growing of trees in a tree nursery and light industry (which included a zip factory).
Former Israeli national security advisor Dani Arditi was born in Yir'on.

</doc>
<doc id="18565772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565772" title="2008 European Short Course Swimming Championships">
2008 European Short Course Swimming Championships

The European Short Course Swimming Championships 2008 took place in Rijeka, Croatia from Thursday 11 to Sunday 14 December 2008.
Medal summary.
Legend:

</doc>
<doc id="18565798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565798" title="The Most Incredible Thing">
The Most Incredible Thing

“The Most Incredible Thing" () is a literary fairy tale by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen (1805–1875). The story is about a contest to find the most incredible thing and the wondrous consequences when the winner is chosen. The tale was first published in an English translation by Horace Scudder, an American correspondent of Andersen's, in the United States in September 1870 before being published in the original Danish in Denmark in October 1870. "The Most Incredible Thing" was the first of Andersen's tales to be published in Denmark during World War II. Andersen considered the tale one of his best.
Plot summary.
When the tale begins, a contest has been proclaimed in which half the kingdom and the hand of the princess in marriage will be the rewards of he who can produce the most incredible thing. A poor young man creates a magnificent clock with different lifelike figures — Moses, Adam and Eve, the Four Seasons, the Five Senses, and others — which appear at the stroke of the hour. All agree the clock is the most incredible thing and its creator is named the winner. Suddenly, another man smashes the clock and all then agree that this act is even more incredible than the creation of the beautiful clock. The destroyer is to wed the princess, but at the wedding, the figures of the clock magically reappear, defeat him, and then vanish. All agree that this is the most incredible thing, and the princess and the young creator of the clock marry.
Source.
The tale has no counterpart in traditional folk and fairy lore but is entirely original with Andersen. Its inspiration is ascribed to Andersen’s distress over the Franco-Prussian War and the wars between Denmark and Prussia in the 1860s. Andersen had been warmly received in Germany and the poet loved German high culture but he was completely shocked by the nation‘s descent into militarism. He was heartbroken with the realization that it would be necessary for him to sever ties with his German friends.
Publication history.
The tale was first published as “The Most Extraordinary Thing” in an English translation by Horace Scudder in the United States in "The Riverside Magazine for Young People" in September 1870. The Danish original appeared in Denmark in the journal "Nyt Dansk Maanedsskrift" a month later in October 1870. The tale was reprinted in Denmark on 30 March 1872 and again on 20 December 1874 in collections of Andersen‘s tales.
Andersen enjoyed performing before an audience and promoted many of his tales by reading them aloud at social gatherings. In the 1840s, the composer Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy was present at such a reading in Germany and reported he was so elated and excited by the performance that he couldn't wait to thank Andersen but "jubilantly flew" at the poet exclaiming: "But you are a marvelous reader; no one reads fairy tales like you!" Many years later in the 1870s, the English author and critic Edmund Gosse had a similar perception and noted, "As soon as he spoke, yes, if he merely smiled, he genius was evident ... And as he read, everything I was looking at—the dazzling sails, the sea, the coast of Sweden, the bright sky—was set ablaze as the sun went down. It was as if nature itself were blushing with delight at the sound of Hans Christian Andersen's voice."
Andersen managed to read aloud "The Most Incredible Thing" at least seven times within a matter of days. The readings began before a circle of admirers at the home of the Koch family on the day the tale was finished. Over the next several days, he visited the homes of several others including the Hartmanns, the Collins, the Thieles, and the Melchiors. Andersen used such readings to gauge the success of his compositions: the louder and longer the audience's applause, the fewer corrections he would make to the tale and the sooner the manuscript reached the publisher's office.
Commentaries.
For fairy tale and folk lore researcher Maria Tatar, the tale summarizes Andersen’s views on the "essence of art" with the clock representing both temporality and transcendence. It keeps time but it is also a work of art that cannot be destroyed. She notes that the clock houses both "the biblical and the mythical, the seasons and the senses, the visual and the acoustical, the carnal and the spiritual" and thus brings together everything Andersen wanted in art. The wondrous clock "mingles the secular with the sacred and the pagan with the Christian". The beauty of the clock and its figurines defy and transcend destruction and continue to live in a way that humans cannot.
Cultural impact.
"The Most Incredible Thing" was the first Andersen story published during the Nazi occupation of Denmark during World War II. The introduction to the July 1940 edition suggested Andersen had written the tale in profound anxiety and doubt over the future that "was superseded with an even more profound faith." In 1942, the tale was published in a volume of stories organized by scholars who would later become leaders of the Danish Resistance Movement. In the tale’s final illustration to the 1942 edition, the night watchman is a bearded rabbi who strikes down the brawny semi-naked Aryan destroyer of the clock while a crowd of Danes in contemporary 1940s dress stands by and watches.
Ballet.
British pop act Pet Shop Boys wrote the music for a ballet based on the story that opened in March 2011 at Sadlers Wells in London. The story was adapted by Matthew Dunster and featured choreography by Javier de Frutos.
It starred former Royal Ballet principal Ivan Putrov and animated film created by Tal Rosner.
The Pet Shop Boys soundtrack to the ballet was released in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18565812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565812" title="Yan Shunkai">
Yan Shunkai

Yan Shunkai (born in E'cheng, Hubei or Shanghai on 6 June 1937) is a Chinese comedian, actor and film director.
Yan enrolled in the Central Academy of Drama in 1959, graduating in 1963.
He won "The Gold Stick Prize" at the Second International Festival of Comedy Films in Switzerland in 1982 for his role in "The True Story of Ah Q".

</doc>
<doc id="18565813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565813" title="Alnwick railway station">
Alnwick railway station

"For Alnwick Lionheart Station please See Alnwick branch line"
Alnwick railway station was the terminus of the Alnwick branch line, which diverged from the East Coast Main Line at Alnmouth in Northumberland, Northern England. The branch opened on 1 October 1850 and closed in January 1968, leaving the former junction at Alnmouth as the nearest station to Alnwick. The station was also the terminus of the Cornhill branch line to Coldstream which closed in 1930.
History.
Opened by the North Eastern Railway, it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the North Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948.
The station was then closed by the British Railways Board in 1968. The platforms have been in-filled, but the trainshed remains intact and in use, including by Barter Books. The bookshop was featured in Michael Portillo's 'Great British Railway Journeys' (first broadcast BBC2 - 23/1/2012).

</doc>
<doc id="18565823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565823" title="Dhadu Monara">
Dhadu Monara

Dhadu Monara was the legendary pre-historic aircraft of King Ravana of Sri Lanka.It was used by king Rawana to travel among countries under his command.
According to the Sinhala legend the Lakegala Rock is thought to mark the location of the Lankapura Kingdom and King Ravana’s capital.
It is also said that Ravana met Princess Sita, the Queen of Rama, beside this rock. Most Meemure villagers believe that Lakegala is the place where King Ravana flew his aeroplane "Dhadu Monara", which he used to capture Sita from India.

</doc>
<doc id="18565841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565841" title="St Clair, New Zealand">
St Clair, New Zealand

St Clair is a leafy residential suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin. It is located on the Pacific Ocean coast five kilometres from the city centre on the southwesternmost part of the coastal plain which makes up the southern part of the urban area, and also climbs the slopes of Forbury Hill immediately to the west of this plain. St Clair's 2001 population was 4,179.
Geography.
St Clair's main geographical features are St Clair Beach, the western end of the long beach (Ocean Beach) which stretches along the city's southern shore, and the promontory of Forbury Hill which rises above the plain. The summit of the hill lies within the grounds of St Clair Golf Course, in the west of the suburb.
Forbury Hill's flanks include a large cliff face one kilometre inland from the beach and a rocky headland which juts into the Pacific Ocean. The small outcrop of White Island lies to the immediate south of St Clair beach. The inland cliff, which runs parallel with and to the west of Forbury Road, was the site of a quarry in the early days of the city. The city's largest retirement village and its only meetinghouse for the LDS Church both lie in the shadow of this cliff.
The beach and the dunes are often the victims of erosion if weather patterns see series of storms hit the city from the south. Such erosion between 2002 and 2007 saw emergency measures taken to add sand to the dunes in 2007 and 2008. The erosion is a long-term ongoing concern, as evidenced by attempts at beach protecting begun in 1904 which saw the addition of sturdy wooden piles and windbreaks to the beach. The last surviving sets of wooden posts from these efforts are a landmark of St Clair Beach, often seen as being the dividing line between St Clair and Middle Beaches.
Another beach, Second Beach, lies to the west of St Clair Beach, separated from it by a rocky outcrop on which lies St Clair Hot Salt Water Pool. Second Beach is rocky rather than sandy, and is flanked by cliffs that form the head of Forbury Hill, some of which include hexagonal basalt columns, one of three such outcrops in Dunedin (the others being at Blackhead, further to the west, and at the Organ Pipes formation on Mount Cargill. This natural amphitheatre is now largely wild but easily reached by a footpath leading from behind the Salt Water Pool. A distinctive feature of Second Beach is a natural blowhole, located at its southwestern end, at the far end of the footpath. Second Beach was the site of quarrying operations in the early days of Dunedin, but only the overgrown remnants of concrete walls are today left of this.
A small stream runs from the flank of Forbury Hill, passing into a culvert before reaching the sea at the western end of St Clair Beach. Bedford Street, a main thoroughfare from the flat part of the suburb to its hillier parts, follows the steep valley of this stream for much of its short length.
The suburb is surrounded by the suburbs of Corstorphine, Kew, Forbury, and St Kilda. Its main roads are Forbury Road, Bay View Road, Bedford Street, and Allandale Road, with a small shopping area close to the junction of Allandale and Forbury Roads. An esplanade runs along the coast at the southern end of Forbury Road, and is the site of several restaurants and cafes.
Modern St Clair.
St Clair Beach is a popular summer destination for Dunedinites. It is one of the South Island's more popular surfing venues and is also home to the St Clair Surf Life Saving Club. At the western end of the beach, under the shadow of Forbury Hill, lies the St Clair Hot Salt Water Pool, an open-air public swimming pool nestled within rocks a handful of metres from the sea. The beach is also the site of the city's annual "midwinter plunge", which sees residents brave the chilly waters every year at the winter solstice. The beach's sea wall, esplanade and oceanway were rebuilt and renovated in 2004. 
In recent years the Esplanade area has become a hub of culture with many cafe's, restaurants and bars including the casual Neptuno Cafe-Bar and Pier 24 Restaurant and Bar with award winning Celebrity Chef - Michael Coughlin. In 2009 the face of the Esplanade changed significantly with the opening of the luxury St Clair Beach Resort hotel.
One of the city's wealthier suburbs, many fine houses are situated in the upper part of St Clair on the slopes of Forbury Hill. This part of the suburb is often referred to as St Clair Park, possibly a reference to the St Clair golf course - one of the city's main courses - which straddles the top of the hill. Near to this are the ruins of Cargill's Castle, a former stately home built for early settler Edward Cargill in 1877. 
The twin single-sex secondary schools of King's and Queen's lie close to the point where St Clair, St Kilda and Forbury meet. As a residential suburb, industrial activity in 21st century St Clair is negligible.
Forbury.
The smaller, less well-defined suburb of Forbury lies immediately to the north of St Clair, between it and Caversham. Forbury lies largely in the shadow of the cliff face that is located one kilometre inland from St Clair Beach, and stretches to the east of this cliff across the plain towards South Dunedin. Apart from Caversham and St Clair, Forbury is bounded by St Kilda in the south, Kew in the west, and South Dunedin in the east.
The name Forbury is somewhat confusing, as it is used for several local features, not all of them within the suburb. Notable among these is Forbury Park Raceway, one of the city's main horse-racing venues, which actually lies in St Kilda. Forbury Corner, an important road junction, lies in Caversham, though not far from the northern boundary of Forbury. 
Prominent features of Forbury include Tonga Park, a sports ground used by Caversham Football Club, and the twin single-sex secondary schools, King's and Queen's. Forbury Road is the suburb's main arterial route, aligned roughly north-south and linking Caversham at Forbury Corner with St Clair at the Esplanade. The suburb's other main roads include Bay View Road, Macandrew Road, Surrey Street, and Easther Crescent.
History.
There is known to have been Māori settlement in the area close to what is now St Clair Esplanade in pre-European times, with artefacts having been discovered close to the western end of the Esplanade and also occasionally uncovered in the dunes which lie to the east. It is believed that there was also a burial site close to Cargill's Castle. A major pre-European track led along the length of the dunes and from there over Forbury Hill to connect with the land to the south. 
The name "Whakaherekau" was used by Māori for the coastal strip encompassing parts of what are now St Kilda and St Clair. This has been translated as meaining either "To make a conciliatory present" or "A prepared snare which caught nothing". 
Early European settlement in the area was led by William Henry Valpy (1793–1852). Valpy and his family arrived in New Zealand in 1849, setting up a 48 ha farm property centred on what are now Valpy Street and Norfolk Street. The property was named "The Forbury" after Forbury Gardens, a public gardens in Reading, Berkshire. Valpy was born in Reading, where his father Richard Valpy had been a schoolmaster. Valpy was reputedly the wealthiest man in New Zealand.
Chinese settlers were notable among early residents in the St Clair area, and largely through their effort the swampy land inland from the beach was drained, and converted into market gardens. Much of the young city's vegetable production was centred on Chinese allotments in an area close to what is now Macandrew Road, Forbury. Habitation remained sparse until the early twentieth century, but rapid growth immediately prior to World War I saw the population expand. 
There was also major industry in the early days of the suburb, with both horticulture and quarrying being of importance. The latter supplied many of the materials for C & W Shiel's brickworks, one of the early city's most important industries. The brickworks lay on the eastern side of Forbury Road with a quarry to the west (the quarry is now the site of the LDS Church meetinghouse and the Francis Hodgkins Retirement village); the brickworks were fed via a conveyor over a structure which bridged Forbury Road.
The St Clair Beach has been a popular attraction for Dunedinites since the early days of the city. In 1912 a grandiose two-storeyed pavilion was erected on the esplanade, which was a popular if short-lived structure, burning to the ground in 1915. The site of the pavilion was later used for a band rotunda, though it too has long gone.
The cliffs above Second Beach were the site of a gun battery - part of a coastal defence system - from the 1880s until the end of World War I. Nothing now remains of the battery, the site of which was later subdivided for residential use.
In May 2013 the suburb's esplanade began collapsing, with numerous sinkholes appearing in the walkway. Walls meant to block off the sea, built in 2004 to replace those built in the 1880s and 1914, were leaking.

</doc>
<doc id="18565852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565852" title="Believe Again Tour">
Believe Again Tour

The Believe Again Tour is the second Australian concert tour by singer-songwriter Delta Goodrem, in support of her third studio album "Delta". The tour commenced in Newcastle on 9 January 2009 and concluded in Sydney on 4 February 2009. Unlike Goodrem's previous tour, The Visualise Tour, which took place in arenas, Goodrem selected smaller venues to create a more intimate atmosphere. Brian McFadden served as support act.
Tickets went on sale 21 August 2008.
On 26 August, Goodrem added 3 more shows: one more for Newcastle, Melbourne and Sydney each. 
Live recordings.
The tour was released on DVD and as a live album titled "" on 18 September 2009.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18565874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565874" title="SV Falkensee-Finkenkrug">
SV Falkensee-Finkenkrug

SV Falkensee-Finkenkrug is a German football club from the communities of Falkensee and Finkenkrug in Brandenburg, near the western border of Berlin.
History.
The club was established in 1913 as "Neufinkenkruger Ballspiel Club" and was soon known as "Sportverein Finkenkrug". Like other organizations in the country, it was ordered dissolved in the aftermath of World War II by occupying Allied authorities, but was reconstituted in 1945 as "Sportgemeinde Finkenkrug", and became part of the separate football league structure that emerged in the Soviet-occupied eastern half of Germany. In 1984, the club was renamed "BSG Turbine Finkenkrug" and four years later merged with "BSG Fleisch und Frischeierproduktion Falkensee" to become "SG Falkensee-Finkenkrug".
Established in 1948 as "SG Falkensee", "BSG FuF" played variously as "BSG Chemie Falkensee", "BSG Chemie Lichtenberg Falkensee", "BSG Lok Falkensee", and "BSG Motor Falkensee" before becoming "FuF" sometime in the 1970s. With German reunification in 1990 the association adopted the more traditional name "SV Falkensee-Finkenkrug 1913".
The club has long been an unheralded lower tier side, however, in recent years "SV" has earned good results in the Verbandsliga Brandenburg (V), culminating in a division title in 2005 and promotion for a single season to the Oberliga Nordost-Nord (IV). A 15th place result there saw the team immediately sent down, but after repeating as Verbandsliga titlists in 2008 the team will return to the now fifth tier Oberliga in 2008–09.

</doc>
<doc id="18565879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565879" title="Caversham, New Zealand">
Caversham, New Zealand

Caversham is one of the older suburbs of the South Island New Zealand city of Dunedin. It is sited at the western edge of the city's central plain at the mouth of the steep Caversham Valley, which rises to the saddle of Lookout Point. Major road and rail routes south lie nearby; the South Island Main Trunk railway runs through the suburb, and a bypass skirts its main retail area, connecting Dunedin's one-way street system with the Dunedin Southern Motorway. The suburb is linked by several bus routes to its neighbouring suburbs and central Dunedin. 
The suburb was founded by wealthy pioneer William Henry Valpy, and its name reflects his family connections with the town of Reading, in the English county of Berkshire. Caversham grew rapidly during the Central Otago Gold Rush of the 1860s because of its location on routes south to the Otago hinterland. By the end of the 19th century, Caversham was heavily industrialised, and its population included many skilled or semi-skilled tradespeople. This, combined with the community's strong Protestant roots, led to the area's generally left-leaning political stance. Caversham's early history has been the subject of the Caversham Project, a major historical and archaeological study by the University of Otago. Caversham was a separate borough until 1904, when it was amalgamated with Dunedin city. It is currently administered as part of the city's South Dunedin ward. At a national level, it is part of the Dunedin South electorate.
Caversham is now predominantly residential, with some industrial premises in the east (notably the Hillside Railway Workshops) and a retail district centred on South Road and Hillside Road. Residents are generally of low socio-economic status. Caversham's notable buildings include the heritage listed Lisburn House and several prominent church buildings. Another landmark is the suburb's war memorial, which is the main gate of Caversham School, one of the suburb's two primary schools. Caversham also contains a special needs school. The nearest secondary schools are located in St Clair, to the south. 
Caversham has strong sporting connections, and is the location of Carisbrook, until recently one of the city's main sports venues. The suburb is home to the Southern Rugby Football Club, and gives its name to Caversham Football Club. Several notable sportspeople have associations with Caversham, among them Test cricketer Clarrie Grimmett and father and son rugby union administrators "Old Vic" and "Young Vic" Cavanagh. Other notable people with Caversham connections include politician Thomas Kay Sidey, architect Edmund Anscombe, and surveyor John Turnbull Thomson.
Geography.
Caversham lies at the mouth and in the lower reaches of a valley in the west of Dunedin's main urban area, southwest of the city centre, and north of the Pacific coast at St Clair. To the south lies Calton Hill, a spur of Forbury Hill, on which the suburbs of Calton Hill, Corstorphine and Kew are located.
The suburbs of Balaclava and Maryhill lie to the north, close to the western end of the ridge that runs along the northern edge of central Dunedin. These hills were all once part of the rim of the Dunedin volcano, the long-extinct crater of which now forms Otago Harbour. Other suburbs nearby include Forbury, South Dunedin, Kensington, and Lookout Point.
Caversham Valley has long been the major route out of the central city to the south. The suburb is located close to the start of the Dunedin Southern Motorway (part of State Highway 1), the main road access to central Dunedin from the south, and close to the South Island Main Trunk railway.
The railway provides the suburb's most important industry, through the Hillside Railway Workshops, which are located in the southeast of the suburb and in the adjoining suburb of South Dunedin. Despite this, there are no longer any public railway stations or halts in Caversham, the last station having closed in 1962.
The hill slopes to the north of Caversham are less densely populated, and still retain some tree cover. This, along with the steepness of the land, forms a natural barrier between Caversham and the suburb of Maryhill. Only a few winding roads traverse this barrier, most notably Glen Road, at the eastern end of Caversham. At this end, the suburb draws close to the foot of the hills, and a natural valley, known locally as "The Glen", provides easier road access to the hill ridge. 
To the northeast of the Glen, a hill spur including a cliff separates Caversham from the central part of the city. Though the name is rarely used, this spur is called Montecillo Ridge, named for the mansion of early settler W.H. Reynolds. It is occasionally referred to as "Hillside", after the house of the city's founding father Captain William Cargill which was located here. This ridge overlooks "The Flat", as the plain stretching across to the Pacific coast was (and is still) locally known. South Road winds around the spur, connecting with the southern end of Princes Street. One of the city's older and more historic cemeteries, Dunedin Southern Cemetery, lies on the inner city side of this spur.
Lookout Point.
At the top of Caversham Valley are a ridge and the saddle of Lookout Point. Lookout Point commands views to the southwest past the outer suburbs of Burnside and Green Island to Saddle Hill, as well as providing a view to the east across the southern part of the central city to Otago Harbour and the Otago Peninsula.
The Māori name for Lookout Point is "Ko Raka-a-runga-te-raki". It was the burial site of chief Rangi-Ihia, a late 18th century Kati Mamoe chief who was largely responsible for joining the Kai Tahu and Kati Mamoe iwi. He was buried here so that "his spirit might see thence his old haunts to the southward."
The most prominent building in Lookout Point is the local fire station, which also serves both Caversham and Green Island. This 1956 structure is located immediately to the north of the saddle and is a prominent landmark upon entering or leaving Dunedin. The Dunedin Southern Motorway officially begins at the Lookout Point saddle, between Calton Hill and Maryhill, and sweeps down over broken hill country past Green Island to Mosgiel and the Taieri Plains.
Lookout Point is also the home of the former Caversham Industrial School, located to the northeast of the fire station on Mornington Road. Established in 1869, the school was later a boys' home, and is now an adult training centre. Lookout Point's main streets include South Road, Caversham Valley Road, Riselaw Road, and Mornington Road.
A forest reserve is located on the upper slopes of Caversham Valley below Lookout Point. Purchased by the Dunedin City Council in 1994 with the assistance of the Royal Forest and Bird Protection Society, it is home to various native bird and invertebrate species, including one species of Peripatus (velvet worm) believed to be endemic to the Dunedin area.
History.
Caversham was named for Caversham, Berkshire, a suburb of Reading, by William Henry Valpy, a wealthy early settler who farmed the areas around the lower slopes of Forbury Hill; his initial farm, "The Forbury", was located in what is now St Clair, close to a street which now bears his name. A member of Valpy's family was born in the English Caversham.
In the early days of Dunedin, it was impossible for a dray to reach the Caversham Valley in wet weather unless it went by a circuitous route around the hills. Valpy solved this problem by hiring men at his own expense to build a crude road from the southern end of Princes Street to his farm at Forbury. This formed the basis for later roads into the suburb. The road curved around the edge of the hills at the Glen to avoid a large swamp, the site of which is currently occupied by Carisbrook sports ground.
Settlement in the area was slow, though Caversham Valley was a preferred route south out of the city. The Central Otago Gold Rush of 1861 led to rapid changes when thousands of people began using the road on their way to and from the gold fields. The suburb began to expand rapidly at about this time, and the first public house, the Edinburgh Castle Hotel, was erected in 1861. By the end of the decade, Caversham had its own school, post office, drill hall (from the Southern District Rifles), and Anglican and Presbyterian churches. A third church, for the Baptist denomination, followed in 1872.
Several charitable organisations have had properties in Caversham, including the Otago Benevolent Institution home for invalids, and an IHC New Zealand centre at Kew Park. The Royal New Zealand Foundation of the Blind still has its Otago premises in Hillside Road.
Early industries in the area included C & W Sheil's brickworks, which had quarries in Forbury, St Clair and Caversham, and Caversham Gasworks, which operated from 1882 until 1909. The last buildings of the gasworks were a local landmark, and were not removed until the construction of the Caversham bypass in the 1970s and 1980s. Other noted industries in early Caversham included breweries, a tannery, and a match factory.
Construction of the South Island Main Trunk railway south of Dunedin that began in 1871 led to the construction of a tunnel beneath Lookout Point, connecting Caversham with Green Island. A second parallel tunnel – the first double-track tunnel in the country – was built starting in 1907, and all rail traffic moved to the new tunnel in 1910. Caversham was served by its own railway station until its closure in 1962. There has been a long-running campaign to have the older tunnel converted into a cycleway, though this scheme has never gained wholehearted council support.
By the 1870s the population of Caversham was growing rapidly, and in 1877, with the population at around 4,000, it was declared a borough. It held this status until amalgamation with Dunedin city in 1904. The borough's area included much of modern Forbury and St Clair, as well as what is usually regarded as Caversham today.
Caversham Project.
The early history of the suburb and surrounding parts of southern Dunedin has been the subject of a major ongoing archaeological and historical research project into early Dunedin by the University of Otago, known simply as The Caversham Project. Over the course of the last 30 years, a database has been compiled of life in early South Dunedin, focussing on the borough of Caversham. This database is unique in its size for a historical study within New Zealand or Australia, containing some 9.4 gigabytes of data, and has allowed for the examination and publication of details relating to the socioeconomic and demographic mix of early Dunedin. 
The multidisciplinary nature of the study has resulted in information being gathered on subjects ranging from urban planning to gender studies. By using both quantitative and qualitative analyses, and by including considerable amounts of oral history, it has allowed for a vivid recreation of the society of early urban New Zealand. Several books have resulted from the project, among them "Sites of Gender: Women, Men and Modernity, 1890–1939", edited by B. Brookes, A. Cooper, and R. Law (Auckland University Press, 2003) and "Class and Occupation: The New Zealand Reality" by E. Olssen and M. Hickey (University of Otago Press, 2005).
Governance.
In its formative days, the Caversham Road Board administered Caversham. This organisation served as a council for Caversham until May 1877, when it became a borough. The borough of Caversham, which existed until November 1904, took in a far larger area than the current suburb, including much of Saint Clair, South Dunedin, Kew, and Kensington, and stretched to the Pacific coast in the south and Otago Harbour in the east. The names of several of the borough's mayors are commemorated in streets within the former borough, among them Robert Rutherford, William Bridgman, and Thomas Kay Sidey.
The Dunedin City Council currently administers Caversham; the suburb is located in the city's South Dunedin ward, one of the city's six wards. This ward covers a considerable part of Dunedin's main urban area, as well as the entirety of the Otago Peninsula. It elects four councillors to Dunedin's 14-member city council.
At a national level, Caversham was a separate electorate from 1866 to 1908. MPs for the electorate included Thomas Kay Sidey and future Premier Robert Stout. Since 1908 Caversham has been in various electorates, and is currently part of the Dunedin South electorate. , its MP is Clare Curran (Labour).
Demographics.
Unlike most of Dunedin, which was settled by Scots, many early settlers in Caversham were English. This led to some degree of antagonism by the councils of the city and Caversham borough in the early days of settlement; Dunedin had been settled by the Presbyterian church, whereas Caversham's population was largely Anglican, Methodist, and Baptist. There is little evidence of this distinction in modern Caversham, other than the origins of local street names, several of which reflect the names of English counties and early English settlers.
Caversham began largely as a lower-middle to working-class suburb. Many of the early residents were skilled or semi-skilled tradespeople. In its early days, Caversham was known as "The carpenters' borough", as a high proportion of the skilled workers within the borough were employed in the building trade. The socioeconomic mix of the borough, combined with the Protestant religious make-up of Caversham, led to strong traditions of egalitarian and social humanitarian politics in the borough.
The left-leaning politics of the area is still reflected to some extent in local political views. The Dunedin South electorate, of which Caversham is a part, tends to return New Zealand Labour Party Members of Parliament and support this and other left-of-centre parties. In the 2008 New Zealand general election, 54.8% of valid party votes cast in Caversham's two polling stations were for the Labour Party and 10.4% were for the three other main left-of-centre parties (Green, Alliance, and Progressive). The vote for these parties over the whole Dunedin South electorate was 46.7% and 9.4% respectively. The equivalent figures for New Zealand as a whole were 34.0% and 7.7% respectively.
Many residents of Caversham are still of relatively low socio-economic status when compared to those in surrounding hill suburbs. A 2007 Dunedin City Council report indicated that a high proportion (39%) of the suburb's houses were one- or two-bedroom dwellings.
Caversham's 2006 population was 5,058. The suburb has a slightly higher proportion of elderly residents than the Otago average, with 15.8% of residents aged 65 and over. It also has a considerably higher proportion of residents of Māori and Pacific island descent than the Otago average (10.3% and 4.4% respectively). Caversham also has nearly twice the average Otago proportion of one-parent families (26.5%). Ownership of and access to home telecommunications (such as the internet) and to private motor vehicles is considerably lower than the Otago average.
Education.
Caversham has no secondary schools, although it does contain two primary schools and a special needs school. Caversham Primary School, at the corner of South Road and Surrey Street, has been at its present site since 1921. The school dates back to the early 1860s, and has a current enrollment of around 80 pupils. The school's two-storey 1920s brick buildings were pulled down and replaced in 1961, because of their structural unsoundness. The school's main gate – the only surviving remnant of the earlier structure – is the suburb's war memorial.
College Street School, south of South Road's retail area, was built on an earlier site of Caversham Primary School. It was officially part of Caversham Primary School until 1959, when it was declared a separate institution, and now has about 250 pupils. A third school, the Sara Cohen School in Rutherford Street, was established in 1926. This school caters for special needs pupils from primary school age through adulthood. The school was named for the late wife of Mark Cohen, city councillor, campaigner for women's rights, and editor of the "Evening Star" newspaper from 1893 to 1920. In 1889, Mark Cohen was a major figure behind the founding of New Zealand's first kindergarten.
There are kindergartens and child-care centres in both Rutherford Street (by Kew Park) and South Road (to the east of the main retail area), and there are numerous pre-school facilities and further primary schools in the suburbs of Forbury and Saint Clair, immediately to the south of Caversham. The nearest secondary schools are the single-sex schools of Queen's High School and King's High School, located alongside each other close to the boundary between Saint Clair and South Dunedin, to the south.
Economy.
In its early years, Caversham was heavily industrialised, but also contained a large number of residential properties. The population included a large number of skilled tradespeople and craftspeople, and both large and small industries abounded. Local industries at the beginning of the twentieth century included a brickworks, a gasworks, breweries, a smithy, milliners, several bakeries, a tannery, a bootmakers, and Rutherford's Wax Vesta match factory at Forbury Corner. In 1900, the South Road-David Street-Forbury Corner area was home to over 50 businesses.
Today, the suburb is mainly residential, though it has areas of retail and light industrial businesses. The main retail area is on South Road between the start of the rise up Caversham Valley and David Street, extending into David Street and the western end of Hillside Road (Forbury Corner, sometimes referred to as Kew Corner). A few shops are also located on South Road to the east, near Carisbrook. Hillside Road becomes increasingly light industrial as it approaches South Dunedin, with automotive engineers, car sales yards, joineries, a rope factory, and a funeral parlour. One of Dunedin's largest industrial sites, the Hillside Railway Workshops, dominates the eastern end of Hillside Road, close to which lie other, smaller, industrial sites. Beyond this is the shopping precinct of South Dunedin.
Caversham has four public houses – considerably fewer than in its formative years. These are the Carisbrook Hotel, close to the sports ground for which it is named, Mitchell's Tavern in the South Road retail area, the Waterloo Hotel at Forbury Corner, and the Fitzroy Hotel on Hillside Road near Bathgate Park.
Sport.
Carisbrook, the city's former main rugby union venue and a former Test cricket ground, is at the eastern end of the suburb between The Glen and the Hillside Railway Workshops. It was the home of Otago Rugby Union until a new stadium opened in North Dunedin (the Forsyth Barr Stadium at University Plaza) in 2011. The new stadium is the new home of the Otago Rugby Union and Highlanders Super Rugby franchise, and met with some opposition within Dunedin, with objections focusing largely on the cost. The future of Carisbrook looks bleak, and many of the former facilities are in the process of being dismantled or removed.
Other than Carisbrook, the suburb's main sports ground is Bathgate Park, which lies at the border of Caversham and South Dunedin in the southeast. There are several open areas of recreation ground and parkland, notably Kew Park at Forbury Corner and Sidey Park and adjacent parkland along the northern flank of the by-pass, and there are tennis courts close to Kew Park on Thorn Street, and a croquet club between South Road and the Caversham by-pass. Kew Park is also home to one of the area's most prominent pétanque clubs.
Other sporting links with the suburb include Caversham Football Club, one of Dunedin's most successful football teams. Caversham has reached the semi-finals of the national knockout competition (the Chatham Cup) on three occasions, and was a member of the former New Zealand National Soccer League for several seasons in the 1970s with a highest final position of fourth in 1975. They also played in the competition's final season (2003). Despite its name, Caversham play at Tonga Park, located in the adjacent suburb of Forbury, a ground they share with the Carisbrook-Dunedin Cricket Club. Caversham is also home to one of Dunedin's main athletics clubs.
The Southern Rugby Football Club, a rugby union club, is located at Bathgate Park to the southeast of Caversham. Southern is consistently among Dunedin's stronger club sides, and has been Otago club champion on over 20 occasions. It was formed from a merger of the Caversham and Pacific clubs in 1899. Southern's players have included over 20 All Blacks, including Stephen Bachop, Stu Forster, Jamie Joseph, Laurie Mains, and Gary Seear.
Landmarks.
Hillside Railway Workshops dominate the southeast of Caversham and the neighbouring suburb of South Dunedin. Established at this site in 1875, the workshops are the main railway construction and repair shop in the South Island. The workshops cover , of which are covered floor space.
To the north of the workshops is Carisbrook, Dunedin's former main sports venue. Opened in 1883, the ground had a capacity of 35,000 people, and was been floodlit from the 1990s. Used primarily for rugby union, but also for other sports (notably as a Test cricket venue), Carisbrook lost its pre-eminence among the city's sports arenas with the construction of a new stadium in the northern end of the city in 2011, and is () in the process of being dismantled. The ground is named for the former home of early colonial settler James Macandrew, which in turn was named for Carisbrooke Castle on the Isle of Wight in southern England.
Lisburn House is one of the finest surviving 1860s townhouses in New Zealand. Now run as a bed and breakfast establishment, this house was built in 1865 for the Fulton family, a pioneer farming family at their "Ravenscliffe" property on the Taieri Plains. The house was named for the family's origins in Lisburn, Northern Ireland, and is Category I heritage listed. William Clayton designed the 12-room house, notable for its steeply angled slate roof and polychromatic brickwork. Two other Category II heritage buildings are on Fitzroy Street: Faringdon Villa, and an untitled house.
Other buildings of note in Caversham include the suburb's churches. The Presbyterian church is located on Thorn Street, roughly halfway between the South Road retail area and Forbury Corner. It was built in 1883 following the destruction of the previous building by fire. The current building, built in Port Chalmers bluestone with Oamaru stone facings, was designed by T. B. Cameron.
Caversham's Anglican church, St. Peter's, is located on Hillside Road. Designed by H. F. Hardy, the foundation stone was laid in 1882. The original design called for the church to have a spire, but because of problems with the tower's foundations (which left the tower leaning from the perpendicular) this was never constructed.
Caversham Baptist church is located at the corner of South Road and Surrey Street, close to Caversham School. Unusual among Dunedin buildings, this church has a formal Classical style, with its brickwork augmented by pediments and square columns. The foundation stone for the building was laid in 1906. The former Baptist Church, in Playfair Street, is now used as a Gospel Hall.
A further church, located in South Dunedin close to the southeastern edge of Caversham, is the South Dunedin Wesley Methodist Church in Hillside Road. This building, constructed in 1893, was threatened with demolition in 2009.
Part of the factory of Donaghy's Industries, adjacent to the eastern edge of Bathgate Park, is notable because of its unusual shape. This structure, which is less than wide yet some in length, serves as a ropewalk for Donaghy's, who have been manufacturing rope and twine at this site since 1876.
A somewhat controversial recent addition to Caversham was the opening, in October 2013, of New Zealand's first museum dedicated to the history of cannabis use. Cannabis, while still a criminalised drug in New Zealand, has moved some way towards grudging acceptance, at least as a subject for open discussion. The museum, run from a former residential house in David Street, is designed to be an information centre on aspects of the history and legislation surrounding the drug, and also a national centre for the Aotearoa Legalise Cannabis Party, a minor single-issue political party.
Notable people.
Noted residents in the Caversham area have included members of the Sidey family, several of whom were local or national politicians. Among these was Thomas Sidey, New Zealand Attorney General 1928–31. Sidey Park, close to the northern edge of the Caversham bypass, and Sidey Street in Corstorphine are both named in his honour.
Captain William Cargill, founder of the Otago settlement, lived just to the northeast of Caversham above The Glen; his house "Hillside" gave its name to Hillside Road, which was at one time called Cargill Road. The area around the site of Cargill's long-demolished house between The Glen and Kensington is still referred to as Hillside. Cargill's Corner, the major road junction at the South Dunedin end of Hillside Road, is also named in his honour.
Architect Edmund Anscombe was a Caversham resident. Anscombe was responsible for numerous important buildings in early 20th century New Zealand, many of which survive to the present day. Among them are the Sarjeant Art Gallery in Wanganui and the Former Post and Telegraph Building in Wellington. Noted local buildings with work by Anscombe include extensions to the University of Otago Clocktower complex in Dunedin North, the main building of Otago Girls' High School in central Dunedin, and the Allied Press building in Lower Stuart Street, Dunedin.
Another notable local resident was surveyor and architect John Turnbull Thomson. Thomson was Chief Surveyor of the Otago Province from 1856 to 1873, and Surveyor-General of New Zealand from 1876 to 1879. During his time as provincial Chief Surveyor, Thomson explored and mapped large sections of the interior of the southern South Island. Many of the place names in this region reflect Thomson's Northumbrian origins, with prosaic names in the form of a Northumbrian dialectic name for an animal. As a result, the area is still occasionally referred to as "Thomson's Barnyard" or "The Farmyard Patch".
Among sportspeople with Caversham connections, Australian Test cricketer and 1931 Wisden Cricketer of the year Clarrie Grimmett is perhaps the best known. Grimmett, the first player to take 200 Test wickets, was born in the suburb on Christmas Day, 1891. Noted rugby union administrators "Old Vic" Cavanagh and "Young Vic" Cavanagh were also born in Caversham. Between them, the father and son were responsible for changes to the way the game of rugby union was played through their innovative coaching methods and tactics.
The cricketer, poet, songwriter and teacher Robert J. Pope (1865–1949) was also born in Caversham.
Transportation.
The suburb's main road is South Road, which at its eastern (Glen) end winds around the flanks of hills before joining with Princes Street and Dunedin's central business district. A slip road connects South Road with State Highway 1 at the foot of these hills, just above Carisbrook.
Hillside Road, which runs parallel with South Road several hundred metres to the south, is an arterial route connecting South Dunedin (at its eastern end) with Dunedin's southwestern suburbs. At its western end is Forbury Corner, a road junction linking Hillside Road with suburban arterial routes to the suburbs of Saint Clair (Forbury Road) and Corstorphine (Easther Crescent), as well as David Street, the major road link between Hillside Road and South Road. Numerous other small residential streets run parallel with David Street between Hillside Road and South Road. The suburb's other main roads include Caversham Valley Road, Playfair Street, Surrey Street, and Glen Road. The latter of these lies at the Glen at the eastern end of Caversham, providing a link between South Road and the hill suburbs of Maryhill, Balaclava, and Mornington.
A Caversham bypass was constructed in the late 1970s and early 1980s, and was officially opened in 1987. It now carries State Highway 1 away from the retail heart of the suburb, connecting at its northern end with the city's one-way street system. With the construction of the bypass, Caversham Valley Road was truncated close to its junction with South Road, and the upper stretch of the road continued as part of State Highway 1, connecting the bypass with Dunedin Southern Motorway.
Until the construction of the bypass, South Road and Caversham Valley Road formed the main route out of Dunedin to the south. State Highway 1 followed South Road through the main retail area, then followed Caversham Valley Road to Lookout Point. Above its retail area, South Road winds around the flank of Calton Hill; Caversham Valley Road forms a straighter, steep route that originally continued from the end of South Road's retail area. For this reason, the part of South Road running through the retail area is also sometimes referred to as part of Caversham Valley Road. Improvements to Caversham Valley Road to ease congestion and increase safety began in 2011. A junction at the north end of Caversham's main retail area connects South Road with the bypass.
Caversham was served by a suburban railway station on the "South Line" between Dunedin and Mosgiel. Services ceased on this line in 1982. The railway station buildings were demolished several years later.
Trams served Caversham between 1880 and 1954, operating in Hillside Road, South Road, and David Street. Several bus routes now serve Caversham, connecting it with the heart of the city. Citibus and Dunedin Passenger Transport run routes from the city centre to Saint Clair and Corstorphine via Hillside Road, and to Lookout Point via South Road. Dunedin passenger transport also runs services between The Octagon and both Mosgiel and Brighton via South Road. Cargill's Corner, at the South Dunedin end of Hillside Road, is a major suburban bus hub.

</doc>
<doc id="18565882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565882" title="Broad Bay, New Zealand">
Broad Bay, New Zealand

The settlement of Broad Bay is located on the Otago Harbour coast of Otago Peninsula, in the South Island of New Zealand. It is administered as part of the city of Dunedin, and is technically a suburb of that city, though its isolation and semi-rural nature make it appear as a settlement in its own right. 
Broad Bay is to the east of the city centre, but due to the shape of the peninsula's coastline, the heart of the city cannot be seen from Broad Bay. A large bluff, Grassy Point, lies between Broad Bay and the harbourside settlements of Company Bay and Macandrew Bay to the west. The bluff is skirted Portobello Road, the road which winds around the southeastern shore of the harbour between inner Dunedin and Portobello, to the northeast of Broad Bay. The Camp Road walking track connects Broad Bay with Larnach Castle, close to the ridge of the peninsula.
Broad Bay is situated on the shore of an aptly named wide bay (Broad Bay) and a smaller bay to the north east (Turnbulls Bay); between these lie a short peninsula (on which is sited the settlement's small historic cemetery), which terminates in the steep, finger-like headland of Yellowhead. The distinctive peak of Harbour Cone forms a backdrop to the settlement as seen from the harbour.
The settlement has one school, Broad Bay School, a decile 9 full primary school, which had a roll of 43 pupils in 2009. It is also home to the heritage listed Fletcher House, constructed in 1909 and restored in 1992, the first house of Fletcher Construction founder Sir James Fletcher.
Like several settlements on the peninsula - including Portobello and Macandrew Bay, which lies to the southwest - Broad Bay is a commuter settlement and a haven for alternative lifestylers. These settlements have a strong arts community, with many of their residents connected in some way with the visual or performing arts.

</doc>
<doc id="18565887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565887" title="Wakari">
Wakari

Wakari ( or ) is a residential suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin. It is located to the northwest of the city centre, immediately to the west of the ridge which runs to the west of the city's centre. Wakari lies to the north of the upper reaches of the Kaikorai Valley, and is also north of the suburb of Kaikorai. The suburbs of Roslyn and Maori Hill are situated on the ridge immediately to the southeast and east of Wakari. The suburb of Halfway Bush lies to the northwest, andx the smaller suburb of Helensburgh lies to the north.
The population was 3,069 in the 2006 Census, a decrease of 39 from 2001.
Wakari's name is likely to be a corruption of the Māori "Whakaari", which translates as "a raised view". This was the name for the hill, Flagstaff, which lies to the northwest.
The suburb is bounded in the south by Taieri Road, a main suburban arterial route which links central Dunedin with the Taieri Plains. West of Halfway Bush, the road becomes Three Mile Hill Road, crossing the eponymous hill to reach the Taieri Plain northeast of Mosgiel. To the southeast of Wakari, Taieri Road runs under the Roslyn Overbridge and becomes Stuart Street, one of central Dunedin's main streets. Other main roads in and around Wakari include Balmacewen Road in the northern part of the suburb, Helensburgh Road in the northeast, Nairn Street, and Shetland Street.
Wakari's most prominent structure is the Wakari Hospital, one of Dunedin's main health care centres, which specialises in psychiatric services. This hospital is located in the west of the suburb, close to its boundary with Halfway Bush.
Helensburgh.
The small suburb of Helensburgh is located immediately to the north of Wakari and east of Halfway Bush. It is located on a series of small crescents which branch off the northern side of Helensburgh Road and off Wakari Road, which runs roughly parallel with Helensburgh Road some to the northwest (confusingly, this means that Helensburgh Road is largely in Wakari, and Wakari Road is largely in Helensburgh). Wakari Road, a long, straight semi-rural road, links Taieri Road with Glenleith, to the northwest, by way of the forest plantations surrounding Ross Creek Reservoir. Helensburgh is bounded in the northeast by the Balmacewen Golf Course.

</doc>
<doc id="18565896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565896" title="2009 European Short Course Swimming Championships">
2009 European Short Course Swimming Championships

The 2009 European Short Course Swimming Championships was held in Istanbul, Turkey, from Thursday 10 to Sunday 13 December 2009. A temporary swimming pool was built within the Abdi İpekçi Arena.
The event was held over four days with heats, semifinals and a final for the 50 m and 100 m events and heats and a final for all other events with the exception of the women's 800 m and men's 1500 m freestyle which were heat declared winners. Heats were held in the morning, with semifinals, finals and the fastest heat of the distance freestyle events in the evening.
Each nation was permitted to enter three swimmers into each individual event, however only the fastest two were able to progress to the semifinal and/or final.
Participating nations.
Of the 51 member nations of LEN, 41 participated in the championships. Albania and Liechtenstein made their European Short Course Championships debut.
Medal summary.
Men's events.
Legend: WR - World record; WBT - World best time; ER - European record; CR - Championship record
Women's events.
Legend: WR - World record; WBT - World best time; ER - European record; CR - Championship record
Records.
The table below lists the world (WR), European (ER) and Championships (CR) records broken at the meet. Times displayed in shaded cells were subsequently broken later in the meet.

</doc>
<doc id="18565908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565908" title="Musselburgh, New Zealand">
Musselburgh, New Zealand

Musselburgh is a residential suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin. It is located in the southeast of the city's urban area, southeast of the city's centre, and at the narrowest point of the isthmus which joins Otago Peninsula to the rest of the South Island (here just in width). The suburb takes its name from the similarly named town in Scotland. Musselburgh's 2001 population was 2,835.
Musselburgh's most distinctive feature is a rocky outcrop called the Musselburgh Rise, which rises prominently above the eastern end of "The Flat", the local name for the broad coastal plain which stretches across the suburbs of Saint Kilda and South Dunedin. The Rise is located close to the southernmost point of the Otago Harbour immediately to the west of the Andersons Bay Inlet. Another outcrop, geologically part of the same formation, lies several hundred metres to the east, and has been extensively quarried.
The rise lends its name to the suburb's main street, Musselburgh Rise (differentiated in name from the outcrop by always being written without the definite article), which connects with the southern end of Andersons Bay Road and skirts the southern flank of the outcrop. Musselburgh Rise contains the suburb's small retail area, consisting of some dozen or so shops. This shopping area and the southern flank of the Rise is sometimes considered a separate suburb, Sunshine, which was at on time known as Goat Hill.
The northern side of the Musselburgh Rise is skirted by another main thoroughfare, Portobello Road. This road joins with the southern end of Portsmouth Drive close to the northeastern point of the rise, and continues across the causeway at Andersons Bay Inlet, though the junction is a limited one, and traffic may not turn right from the Musselburgh part of Portsmouth Drive to continue across the causeway. Close to the junction is a large memorial stone to the Taranaki Māori prisoners of the New Zealand Land Wars who were transported south to Dunedin, many of whom constructed the causeway and much of Dunedin's foreshore roads as forced labour. A branch railway ran along Portobello Road in this area from the 1870s until 1912, and rail links continued to the suburb until the track were lifted in 1928.
Close to the eastern edge of the rise is one of Dunedin's main secondary schools, Bayfield High School. This school lies close to the boundary of the suburbs of Musselburgh and Andersons Bay.
Musselburgh's residential area includes the top of the Musselburgh Rise, and spreads east and south along the eastern edge of the suburb of Saint Kilda. Other surrounding suburbs include Andersons Bay in the east, Tahuna in the southeast, and Tainui in the south. The top of the rise includes several larger homes, notably including Belmont, built in the 1860s for politician and newspaper editor William Cutten. Belmont was later owned by Sidney Neill, and became famed for its gardens Neill was the son of Percy Neill, founder of Neill & Co, which was to become New Zealand's largest importer of spirits. Sidney Neill's widow lived at Belmont until the late 1950s when the large house was sold, divided and the property broken up into separate sections. The Rise was also home to Sir Norman Haggitt.

</doc>
<doc id="18565916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565916" title="Algorist">
Algorist

Algorist may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18565923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565923" title="Wil Culmer">
Wil Culmer

Wilfred Hillard Culmer (born November 11, 1957 in Nassau, Bahamas, died November 14, 2003 in Nassau, Bahamas) was a Major League Baseball player for the Cleveland Indians. He was originally signed by the Philadelphia Phillies in 1977 before being traded to the Indians in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18565925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565925" title="Ron Johnson (defensive end)">
Ron Johnson (defensive end)

Ron Johnson was a three-time All-PSAC Western Division selection at Shippensburg University from 1999 to 2002. He finished his career with 158 total tackles, including 35 for loss and 18 sacks while earning All-PSAC Western Division First Team honors as a senior in 2002. He was also named All-PSAC Western Division Second Team in 1999 and 2000. Johnson's 18.0 career sacks still rank fifth in school history. He spent part of one season with the Philadelphia Eagles, appearing in three games. In late-2006 he signed with the Arena Football League's Philadelphia Soul. In September 2005, Ron was the first overall draft pick in the NFL Europe Free Agent Draft by the Hamburg Sea Devils but did not to play in NFLE.

</doc>
<doc id="18565938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565938" title="St Leonards, Otago">
St Leonards, Otago

St Leonards is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin. It is located close to the northern shore of the Otago Harbour and on the hilly slopes above the harbour. St Leonards is northeast of Dunedin's city centre, between the small settlement of Burkes and Sawyers Bay. St Leonards was named by early settler David Carey for the birthplace of his wife, the English town of St Leonards-on-Sea, on the Sussex coast.
Rail and road links between central Dunedin and Port Chalmers run alongside St Leonards on the narrow strip of land between the hill slopes and harbour. The suburb is separate from the contiguous urban area of Dunedin. 
The suburb is residential, and contains a significant number of smaller homes. The area is a popular residence for students from the University of Otago, and is also popular with alternative lifestylers. The suburb consists mainly of two roughly parallel roads, the Dunedin-Port Chalmers highway (State Highway 88), which runs close to the harbour, and St Leonards Drive, the former main route to Port Chalmers, which winds around the lower slopes of the hills on which St Leonards sits. The Port Chalmers Branch railway line runs parallel with the highway next to the harbour's edge. In 2012, the Dunedin Harbour Cycleway was extended to reach St Leonards.
The suburbs of St Leonards, Maia, Burkes, and Ravensbourne, are often collectively referred to as West Harbour. Under this name, the area was a separate borough for many years from 1877 until amalgamation with the city of Dunedin in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="18565971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565971" title="Supermax (disambiguation)">
Supermax (disambiguation)

Supermax is a type of high-security prison or prison unit.
Supermax may also refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18565976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565976" title="City Rise">
City Rise

City Rise is an inner suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin. One of the city's older suburbs, it is, as its name suggests, centred on the slopes which lie close to the city centre, particularly those closest to the city's original heart of The Exchange (for this reason, places are said to be "on the City Rise" rather that "in City Rise"). Extensive views across the central city can be gained from much of City Rise.
The name City Rise is generally applied to the area immediately to the west of Princes Street, especially to the approximately triangular area of one square kilometre bounded by Princes Street and the city's Town Belt, with Maitland Street and Stuart Street lying at the edge of the area. Some parts of the lower slopes a one time carried the name Fernhill, a term still occasionally encountered to refer to this area. Other notable streets on the City Rise include High Street, Rattray Street, Stafford Street, Arthur Street, Canongate, and Serpentine Avenue. The name City Rise is sometime used to cover a wider area extending further to the north along the inner edge of the town belt from Stuart Street and Moana Pool as far as the stately house Olveston and to the top of Pitt Street.
City Rise contains many of the city's earliest grand residences, notably along High Street and streets close to it. Many of these buildings were built on money which flowed into the infant city at the time of the Central Otago Gold Rush of 1861-2. Notable houses include Threave (designed by Robert Lawson), Moata, and Colquhouns, among many others. 
The suburb is bounded by the central city to the east and northeast, by Kensington to the south, and Mornington to the west. The small suburb of Belleknowes lies immediately to the north, beyond which is Roslyn.
The suburb is mainly residential, though it also has strong links with the city's education. Otago Boys' High School lies close to Stuart Street in the north of City Rise, and the original site of Otago Polytechnic (or, as it was at the time, King Edward Technical College) is also on the city rise side of Stuart Street. Otago Girls' High School is located closer to the city centre at the edge of City Rise. Arthur Street School is also located in the suburb, close to Otago Boys' High School. Next to Arthur Street School's grounds is a monument on what was the site of Dunedin's first cemetery, Arthur Street Cemetery.
There is very little industry centred on City Rise, the most notable exception being Speight's Brewery, which is located at the foot of the rise close to the exchange. Immediately above this is St. Joseph's Cathedral, the city's Roman Catholic cathedral. Notable historical industrial connections with the suburb include Choie (Charles) Sew Hoy's importing company and the Kempthorne Prosser chemical manufacturing company, both of which had their main offices on Stafford Street.
From the 1880s until the 1950s, City Rise was served by Dunedin's cable tramway, with lines running up from the Exchange to the hill suburbs of Mornington and Roslyn via Stuart Street and Rattray Street. The tramway was notable for being only the second of its type in the world (after the San Francisco cable car system). 
Belleknowes.
Belleknowes is a smaller suburb, nestled within the Town Belt close to the points where City Rise, Mornington, and Roslyn meet. Its most notable feature is Belleknowes Golf Clourse, the closest golf course to the centre of Dunedin. Also of note within the suburb are several parks such as Jubilee Park and Robin Hood Park, the latter of which is home to the Beverly-Begg Observatory.

</doc>
<doc id="18565981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565981" title="Sovereign Dancer">
Sovereign Dancer

Sovereign Dancer (January 24, 1975 - December 25, 1993) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known as a sire of two American Classic Race winners.
Background.
Bred by Ogden Mills Phipps, he was a son of the most important sire of the 20th Century, Northern Dancer and from the mare Bold Princess, a daughter of the eight-time Leading sire in North America, Bold Ruler.
Racing career.
At age four Sovereign Dancer was sold to Alec Head's Haras du Quesnay near Deauville in the Lower Normandy region of France where he complied a record of two wins, three seconds, and a third in ten starts on grass for trainer Criquette Head-Maarek. Sovereign Dancer won his debut in France in April 1979 at Maisons-Laffitte Racecourse and won in his fourth start at the Evry Racecourse. His best result in a Conditions race was a second in the Group 3 Grand Prix de Vichy.
Stud record.
Retired from racing after the 1979 season, Sovereign Dancer returned to stand at stud in the United States. A successful sire, some of his important sons include:
Damsire:

</doc>
<doc id="18565992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565992" title="Waldronville">
Waldronville

Waldronville is a coastal settlement on the Pacific Ocean coast of the South Island of New Zealand. Established in the 1950s as a commuter settlement, it is located to the southwest of Dunedin city centre, and lies within the city's limits. Waldronville was developed by Bill Waldron, when he purchased the McCraws farm in the early 1950s, initially for 200 houses. In the mid-1970s, two other streets were added to the southwest of the settlement. In the mid-1990s, Friendship Drive and Wavy Knowes developments were added to the northeast. 
The township of Brighton lies to the southeast of Waldronville; the tiny settlement of Westwood lies halfway between the Brighton and Waldronville.
Waldronville is located close to the Kaikorai Lagoon, an expanse of water at the mouth of the Kaikorai Stream protected from the ocean by a sandbar which stretches inland almost as far as the Dunedin suburb of Green Island, to the north. The lagoon is part of a research project aimed at establishing a national estuarine monitoring protocol. The actual island which shares the suburb's name lies offshore to the south of Waldronville. The Island Park Recreation Reserve is a protected are between the village and coast.
The rocky outcrop of Blackhead is located to the east of Waldronville. A major quarry is located at black Head, mining basalt for road metal. There are hexagonal basalt columns at Black head, similar to those further to the east at Second Beach, New Zealand.
Many of Waldronville's streets are named after World War II-era aircraft. The settlement is connected to Brighton and Taieri Mouth to the southwest via a coastal road; in the other direction the road stretches to Green Island. A narrow rural road runs past the quarry and on past Tunnel Beach, connecting with Dunedin's main suburban street system at Corstorphine.

</doc>
<doc id="18565993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565993" title="Phayul.com">
Phayul.com

Phayul.com ("Fatherland" in Tibetan) is a pro-Tibetan independence website that publishes news and opinion about Tibet and Tibet-in-exile. Created in 2001 by Tibetan exiles in India, it is published in the English language from New Delhi. The site also includes book reviews, stories, essays, and a discussion forum. 
Its founder is Tenzin Norsang Lateng. In the years 2000–01 he worked for Anil Dogra in Connaught Place, New Delhi, India, under whom he was mentored, encouraged and challenged with complex software programming assignments, to eventually become a top software / web programmer in the Tibetan community, worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="18565997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18565997" title="Friedrich Siegmund-Schultze">
Friedrich Siegmund-Schultze

Friedrich Siegmund-Schultze (14 June 1885, Görlitz - 11 July 1969, Soest) was a German academic working in theology, social pedagogy and social ethics, as well as a pioneer of peace movements.
Life.
After studying at several gymnasia, Siegmund-Schultze studied philosophy and theology in Breslau and Magdeburg. In 1908 he became the secretary of the "Church Committee for friendly relations between Great Britain and Germany" ("Kirchlichen Komitees zur Pflege freundschaftlicher Beziehungen zwischen Großbritannien und Deutschland") and later secretary to the "World Christian Student League for social work and foreign mission" ("Christlichen Studentenweltbundes für Sozialarbeit und Ausländermission").
In 1911 he and his wife founded the "Soziale Arbeitergemeinschaft Berlin-Ost" (SAG) - its offices were shut down after the Nazi seizure of power. At the World Churches Conference in Konstanz from 1 to 3 August 1914, just before the outbreak of war, he was secretary and co-founder of the "Weltbundes für Freundschaftsarbeit der Kirchen" and formed a pact with his fellow-delegate English Quaker Henry Hodgkin (meeting on the platform of the railway station at Cologne, they pledged to each other that, "We are one in Christ and can never be at war") that led to the formation of the Fellowship of Reconciliation and the International Fellowship of Reconciliation.
During the First World War he organised Gefangenenseelsorge for British and German prisoners of war. Through his contacts with the Quakers and with the "Versöhnungsbund" (reconciliation alliance), he and Elisabeth Rotten organised Quaker meals for schoolchildren in Berlin. In 1915 he met the Dutch pacifist Kees Boeke in Berlin. October 1918 the founder of ecumenism, archbishop Nathan Söderblom, invited him to give a guest lecture on "The social renewal of Christianity and the unity of the Church"at Uppsala University.
In 1925 Siegmund-Schultze received the professorship in "Jugendkunde und Jugendwohlfahrt" (and later in "Sozialpädagogik und Sozialethik")at the University of Berlin. In spring 1933 he joined the foundation of an international aid-committee for German-Jewish refugees. The Nazis arrested him (on 93 charges of "racial help") and expelled from Germany under Gestapobegleitung 1933 with his wife and four children. They went to live in Switzerland and he was active there in student chaplaincy and as a guest lecturer until 1946.
In 1947 he was made professor of "Sozialpädagogik und Sozialethik" at the Westfälischen Wilhelms-Universitat at Münster. In 1948 he founded the "Jugend-Wohlfahrtsschule Dortmund", and was its head until 1954. In 1959 he founded the Ecumenical Archive (Ökumenische Archiv) in Soest, which later received the central archive of the EKD in Berlin. Siegmund-Schultze was friends with Albert Schweitzer and published the "Ökumenischen Jahrbuchs".

</doc>
<doc id="18566002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566002" title="Pete Rostosky">
Pete Rostosky

Pete Rostosky (born July 29, 1961) was a professional football offensive tackle for the NFL's Pittsburgh Steelers from 1984 through 1986. Rostosky attended the University of Connecticut, graduating in 1983. During his professional career he played in 35 games, starting eight. He was part of the team that advanced to the 1984 AFC Championship Game versus the Miami Dolphins. He returned one kickoff for three yards in 1986. He wore uniform number 63. He currently resides in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18566008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566008" title="Dunedin City">
Dunedin City

Dunedin City is a former New Zealand football club based in the South Island city of Dunedin. The team won the Chatham Cup in 1981, and was a member of the National League in 1977 and 1979–87, before withdrawing from the league for financial reasons. The team survived until about 1991 before being disbanded.
Dunedin City was founded in 1909 as Dunedin High School Old Boys, and changed their name to Dunedin City in 1970.
Notable players.
Notable former Dunedin City players include:

</doc>
<doc id="18566009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566009" title="Black butter">
Black butter

Black butter can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18566016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566016" title="Swiss City Marathon">
Swiss City Marathon

The Swiss City Marathon is a marathon in Lucerne which was held for the first time on 28 October 2007. It is organised by the Lucerne Marathon Association. A half marathon and a "try-out marathon" (Schnuppermarathon) of 13 km are also part of the programme. With 5594 finishers, the premiere was the largest first edition of a running event in Switzerland and the "Lucerne Marathon" became at once the third largest Swiss marathon after the Zurich and Jungfrau Marathon. Viktor Röthlin, currently best Swiss marathon runner, has become the ambassador of the race.
Course description.
The course is a circuit with the length of a half marathon, which starts and finishes at the Swiss Transport Museum. The track runs first along the "Haldenstrasse", passing by the chapel royal and the traditional luxury hotels of the city. Departing from "Schwanenplatz", the runners cross the pier from where they can see the famous chapel bridge and the water tower as well as the Old Town. On the other side of the lake, the track passes by the Lucerne Culture and Congress Centre built by Jean Nouvel, around the Horwer peninsula and along Lake Lucerne with a view of the impressive Alpine panorama of Central Switzerland. From Horw, where the finish line of the "try-out marathon" (Schnuppermarathon) is located; the course leads through the Allmend stadium back to the pier and to the Swiss Transport Museum.
Past winners.
Key:
Statistic.
28 October 2007.
"Fastest Runner Marathon" 
"Fastest Runner Half Marathon"
" Finisher"
26 October 2008.
" Fastest Runner Marathon" 
" Fastest Runner Halbmarathon"
" Finisher "

</doc>
<doc id="18566021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566021" title="Anagnina (Rome Metro)">
Anagnina (Rome Metro)

Anagnina is the south-eastern terminus of Line A of the Rome Metro. It is located at the junction of the Via Tuscolana and the Via Anagnina, close to the depot of Osteria del Curato. The station is at 53 meters above sea level.
The station hall contains mosaics, among others by Luigi Veronesi, Gottfried Honneger and Mikhail Koulakov. The mosaics are said be a success in that they brighten up otherwise sombre spaces.

</doc>
<doc id="18566024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566024" title="Ocean Grove, New Zealand">
Ocean Grove, New Zealand

Ocean Grove, also known as Tomahawk, is a suburb in the southeast of the New Zealand city of Dunedin. A semi-rural residential suburb on the Pacific coast at the southwestern end of the Otago Peninsula, Ocean Grove is located southeast of Dunedin city centre.
The suburb is isolated from much of the city by the bluff of Lawyer's Head, which rises immediately to the west of the suburb and the Andersons Bay Cemetery, and as such has the feel of a separate community. The suburb lies close to the banks of the Tomahawk Lagoon, a twin-lobed lagoon noted for its bird life. The inner lobe is a wildlife reserve. Tomahawk Lagoon is separated from the sea at low tide by Tomahawk Beach, which runs east from the Lagoon's mouth for about . A smaller beach, Smaill's Beach, lies further to the east, beyond which is the outcrop of Maori Head, from the lagoon's mouth. A rocky reef and the small Bird island lie close to the headland. 
The suburb was known as Tomahawk until the 1930s, the name not being a reference to the weapon, but rather possibly an anglicised form of the Māori words "tomo haka", meaning "dance by a gravesite". The suburb became part of Dunedin City in 1968. The suburb has one main road, Tomahawk Road, which runs roughly parallel with the coast and links with the suburbs of Andersons Bay and Tainui in the west. In the east, it becomes the rural Centre Road, which climbs to the ridge at the centre of the Otago peninsula before joining with Highcliff Road, the ridge road which runs between Shiel Hill and Portobello.
Ocean Grove's most notable structures are the remains of two World War II gun emplacements. These stand close to the Jack Fox Lookout, which is at the top of the promontory which separates Tomahawk Beach from Smaill's Beach. A notable two-storey house, Glen Cairn, is located at Smaill's Beach. It is now used as the headquarters of the Tautuku Fishing Club. Between Tomahawk Beach and Tomahawk Road is Tomahawk Domain and recreation ground, which serves as a sports ground and is home to Grants Braes football club.

</doc>
<doc id="18566031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566031" title="Sawyers Bay">
Sawyers Bay

Sawyers Bay is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin. It is located to the southwest of Port Chalmers in a wide valley on the shore of Mussel Bay, to the northeast of Dunedin city centre. 
The suburb, on the western shore of Otago Harbour, lies between the two rocky headlands of Port Chalmers in the east and Roseneath in the west. The South Island Main Trunk rail line and State Highway 88 run along the shore of the bay.
The name of the suburb is indicative of the occupation of many of its early settlers; the Sawyers Bay area provided much of the timber used in the early construction industry around both Dunedin and Port Chalmers area. Little remains of Sawyers Bay's early industries; it is now largely a residential suburb. 
Sawyers Bay's residential area is situated around one long street which runs inland from the bay itself. This street is called Station Road at its coastal end, and Hall Road further inland. At the coastal end, it connects with State Highway 88, the highway which runs along the west coast of Otago Harbour from Port Chalmers to Dunedin via Saint Leonards and Ravensbourne. Inland from here, roads branch off the main road - the most important of these is Stevenson Avenue, which connects with a back road to Port Chalmers (Borlases Road) in the east, and with Upper Junction Road in the west. Upper Junction Road, the winding old road to Port Chalmers from the Dunedin suburb of North East Valley, rises to join with the old Mount Cargill road, which was itself the former main road north out of Dunedin, linking the city's main urban area at Normanby with Waitati.
Other notable features of Sawyers Bay include the Port Chalmers Golf Course, located in the north of Sawyers Bay. A bush walk, Grahams Bush, links the end of Hall Road with the Mount Cargill road.

</doc>
<doc id="18566037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566037" title="Mornington, Otago">
Mornington, Otago

Mornington is a suburb of the city of Dunedin, in the South Island of New Zealand. It is situated on hilly slopes to the west of the city centre, the slopes forming part of a ridge which surrounds the heart of the city.
At the time of the 2006 census, the permanent population was 3,393, a decrease of 15 since 2001.
The use of the name Mornington for the area was first recorded in 1862. There seems to be some conjecture about the origin of the name - some sources record it as being purely descriptive, with the suburb receiving the first rays of the sunrise. There is some likelihood, however, that it was named by early landholder David Mailer after Mornington, Victoria. Mornington was a separate borough until amalgamation with Dunedin city in 1916
Mornington's main streets are Mailer Street, Elgin Road, Glenpark Avenue, Eglinton Road, and Kenmure Road. It is a mainly residential suburb, with a retail area on Mailer Street. The suburb is surrounded by the suburbs of Kenmure to the west, Roslyn to the north, Maryhill to the southwest, Belleknowes to the northeast, and The Glen - divided roughly between Mornington and Caversham in the southeast. 
To the east lies the City Rise, an area of old grand houses which surround the southern end of the city centre. The Town Belt, a bush-clad green belt dating to the early years of Dunedin's settlement, follows the slopes of the ridge, and lies immediately below Mornington, most prominently to the northeast.
Mornington is the home to several sports grounds and teams, and was the site of New Zealand's first golf course, opened in 1872. The Zingari-Richmond Rugby Club is based at Montecillo ground in Eglinton Road. Montecillo, the city's home for war veterans, was moved from Eglinton Road to South Dunedin in the 1990s. Immediately above Montecillo ground is Unity Park, which is a venue for Mornington Football (soccer) club. Unity Park affords panoramic views across the central city, and is the site of a statue of Antarctic explorer Admiral Richard Byrd, commemorating the 1928 departure for the southern continent from Dunedin by Byrd's 1928 expedition
Landmarks within Mornington include the suburb's former post office in Mailer Street, a distinctive building completed in 1905 with small a mock-Byzantine domed tower above the entrance.

</doc>
<doc id="18566041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566041" title="Ravensbourne">
Ravensbourne

Ravensbourne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18566044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566044" title="Opoho">
Opoho

Opoho is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin. It sits on the western flank of Signal Hill, New Zealand, to the northeast of the city centre, overlooking North East Valley and the Dunedin Botanic Gardens. 
Opoho is one of Dunedin's more prestigious residential suburbs however still has somewhat mixed demographics, containing student flats, significant numbers of elderly citizens, and the houses of many in the academic community. There was a former retail area in the southern part of Signal Hill Road, but this has long gone and the area is now largely occupied by student flats. Above the suburb sits the Centennial Lookout, a memorial built on the top of Signal Hill to mark the centenary of New Zealand in 1940. Impressive views over the city can be gained from here.
At the time of the 2006 census, the permanent population was 1,242, a decrease of 18 since 2001. 
Opoho takes its name from the small stream, Opoho Creek (also known as Stony Creek). This stream runs south along the western flank of Signal Hill, past Logan Park High School in Dunedin North, before being diverted through culverts and flowing into the Water of Leith close to it outflow into the Otago Harbour. Opoho is a Māori word, simply meaning "The place of Poho", Poho being an 18th-century Ngati Wairua chief who lived close to the stream's outflow, which at that time was into Pelichet Bay (the bay has since been reclaimed and is now part of Logan Park).
Opoho's is largely concentrated around two long streets, Evans Street and Signal Hill Road, which run across the flanks of Signal Hill. Signal Hill Road continues to wind to the Centennial memorial close to the hill's summit. Several steep streets connect these two streets or descend to North East Valley. Chief among these are Blacks Road and Opoho Road, the latter of which is the main route to and from the suburb. It runs along the northern edge of Dunedin Botanic Gardens and connects with Dunedin's main arterial streets at the Gardens Corner. A further street, Lovelock Avenue (named for Dunedin Olympic gold medallist Jack Lovelock), winds through the upper reaches of the Botanic Gardens, emerging close to the University of Otago in Dunedin North. 
The first European settlers in the area were farmers, and the suburb remained semi-rural until the 1940s. There are still some farms close to the top of Signal Hill Road, though much of the top of Signal Hill is now a scenic reserve, Burns Park. Early farmers in the area included John Switzer, John Broome, and John Black. The area was at first administered by the Signal Hill Roads Board, which became part of the new North East Valley municipality in 1877. This amalgamated with the city of Dunedin in 1910. 
As with many parts of Dunedin, Opoho was initially composed of many smaller named townships, the names of some of which are still used by local residents. In 1873, the first residential subdivision of Opoho began with Opoho Township (the area south of Blacks Road), followed soon after by Maybank Township immediately to the north and, later, by Grandview Township, to the north of Maybank (the names of Maybank and Grandview survive in two of Opoho's streets). By the 1890s, most of the subdivisions of Opoho Township were occupied and Maybank was growing. Grandview was developed during the 1920s. Other township names occasionally encountered include St James' Park, a small area including Grey Street and James Streets on the lower slopes between Opoho and North East Valley.
The suburb of Opoho has numerous prominent landmarks, most prominently the Dunedin Botanic Gardens and Centennial Monument (see Signal Hill, New Zealand). Other landmarks of note include the Northern Cemetery, which occupies a low spur of Signal Hill on Lovelock Avenue, next to the Botanic Gardens and above Logan Park. One of Dunedin's earliest cemeteries (begun in 1872), many of Dunedin's notable early citizens are buried here, among them William Larnach and Thomas Bracken. Larnach's Gothic mausoleum is the most prominent structure in the cemetery, which commands impressive views across central Dunedin.
Also of note are two university halls of residence which lie close to the southern end of Opoho. Knox College is a prominent towered red brick building on the lower slopes. Established as a theological hall in 1907, Knox is still a centre of the University of Otago's religious studies courses. Below this hall, close to the Gardens Corner, lies the smaller Salmond College, built in 1971. Also of note within the suburb is the Dunedin branch of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, which has its headquarters in the suburb, and Tannock Glen, a public gardens which is notable for its rhododendrons. Sports clubs based in the suburb include the Alhambra Union Rugby Club, based at Opoho Park near the junction of Opoho Road and Lovelock Avenue.
Numerous walking tracks cross the Botanic Gardens, Signal Hill, and the slopes between. These include a track across the summit of Signal Hill to link up with Cleghorn Street above the northern end of North East Valley, and tracks connecting the Centennial Memorial with Logan Park and the harbourside suburb of Ravensbourne.
Noted Opoho residents have included artist Arthur Merric Boyd, athlete Jack Lovelock, Celebrity Chef Alison Holst, Opera Singer Patricia Payne and former All Black Kees Meeuws. 

</doc>
<doc id="18566049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566049" title="Vladimir Barkaya">
Vladimir Barkaya

Vladimir Aleksandrovich Barkaya () (born 29 July 1937 in Gagra) is a retired Soviet football player.
International career.
Barkaya made his debut for USSR on 27 June 1965 in a 1966 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Denmark and scored twice on his debut. He also played in a friendly against Brazil team starring Pelé.

</doc>
<doc id="18566054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566054" title="Maori Hill">
Maori Hill

Maori Hill is a residential suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin. It is located at the northern end of the ridge which runs in a crescent around the central city's western edge, to the northwest of the city centre, immediately above and within the Town Belt. It is connected to Dunedin North, which lies to the east, via Drivers Road, the suburbs of Roslyn and Kaikorai to the southwest via Highgate, and the suburb of Wakari to the northwest via Balmacewen Road. Maori Hill's 2001 population was 1,956. 
In the northeast of the suburb lies the recreational ground of Prospect Park, and this part of Maori Hill is also often known by this name. From Prospect Park, views across the lower Leith Valley can be obtained, as the park sits close to the edge of cliffs which rise above the broad canyon at Woodhaugh. A steep walking track, the Bullock Track, links the two suburbs. 
Maori Hill is regarded as one of the city's wealthier and more exclusive suburbs, and contains many fine houses, especially in the maze of winding streets which run through the bush-clad slopes of the Town Belt. These houses include the historic manor Olveston, which has been owned by the city and open to the public since the 1960s. Unlike neighbouring hill suburbs like Roslyn, Maori Hill was not served by a cable car, possibly underlying its greater degree of exclusivity. 
Notable features of Maori Hill include the Balmacewen Golf Course in the suburb's northwest. This is of New Zealand's oldest and finest courses. A boys' secondary school, John McGlashan College, is located close to the golf course. To the southeast of the course lies a recreation ground, Bishopscourt, and nearby is Balmacewen Intermediate School. As with Prospect Park, this area is often referred to as a separate suburb, Balmacewen. To the northwest of the golf course is an area of scenic reserve which surrounds the Ross Creek Reservoir in Glenleith. Several popular walking tracks lead down to the reservoir from Cannington Road, which marks the northern edge of Maori Hill.
Other schools in Maori Hill include Maori Hill Primary School and - close to the southeastern edge of the suburb - Columba College, a single-sex secondary school for girls.
Maori Hill contains one of the city's hospitals. Formerly known as the Mater Misericordiae, it is now the Mercy Hospital, and contains as part of its complex the Marinoto Clinic. This is located on Newington Avenue, one of several streets which wind down into the town belt from Highgate. The hospital is built around Marinoto, the former home of the Sargood family and now one of the hospital's major buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="18566055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566055" title="Piers Claughton">
Piers Claughton

Piers Calveley Claughton (8 June 1814 – 11 August 1884) was a Bishop in the Anglican church.
He was born the son of Thomas Claughton (M.P. for Newton, Lancashire, 1818-25) at Haydock Lodge, Winwick, Lancashire and was educated at Brasenose College, Oxford, where he graduated B. A. in 1835, and M.A. in 1838.
After ordination in 1838 he was made rector of Elton, Huntingdonshire from 1842 to 1843 and again from 1845 to 1859, before becoming the first Bishop of St Helena (1859–1861) and a subsequent translation to the see of Colombo (1862–1871).
On his return to England he served as Archdeacon of London and a canon of St Paul's from 1870 to 1884 and was appointed Chaplain-General of Her Majesty's Forces in 1875.
He died in 1884 in Maida Vale, London. A memorial tablet to his memory was placed in the crypt of St. Paul's Cathedral, London in 1885.

</doc>
<doc id="18566057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566057" title="South Dunedin">
South Dunedin

South Dunedin is a major inner city suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin. It is located, as its name suggests, to the south of the city centre, on part of a large plain known locally simply as "The Flat". The suburb is a mix of industrial, retail, and predominantly lower-quality residential properties. South Dunedin's 2006 population was 2,490, a decrease of 48 people from 2001. 
The term South Dunedin is often used in a more general sense to refer to any or all of the various suburbs occupying The Flat, including St Kilda, Forbury, Kensington, Musselburgh, and Tahuna.
Geography.
The flat land which makes up much of Dunedin's heart is enclosed to the south and east by Otago Harbour and to the north and west by a ridge of hills. At the southern end of central Dunedin, these hills form a ridge that (prior to reclamation) came close to the line of the harbour. To the south of this lies a broad plain, initially swampy but now drained and expanded by reclamation. This plain is the site of South Dunedin.
The boundaries of South Dunedin are vaguely defined. Though the area was a separate borough briefly in the late nineteenth century, the borders which delimited that borough are no longer widely used as descriptors for South Dunedin. One major exception is South Dunedin's boundary with St Kilda, which was a separate borough until far more recently. The line of Bay View Road is still seen as a border between South Dunedin and St Kilda. This notion is enhanced by the change of name of one of the suburbs' main arterial roads at this boundary, with King Edward Street becoming Prince Albert Road as it passes into St Kilda.
To the east, South Dunedin's natural limit is Otago Harbour, and to the north a ridge of hills also forms a topographical boundary. At the foot of this ridge, however, lies the small suburb of Kensington and parts of the much larger borough of Caversham. Caversham also marks a limit at the western edge of South Dunedin, though in both cases the exact boundaries are not well-definted.
Southern Endowment.
Much of eastern South Dunedin is land reclaimed from Otago Harbour. This area, which lies immediately to the west of the harbour's head, is known as the Southern Endowment, and covers an area of close to . The Southern Endowment was begun with rock removed during the cutting of Bell Hill in the central city during the nineteenth century. This largely extended the area around the wharves close to the heart of the city, but did not extend any further south until 1912, when a causeway was built along the head of the harbour. As part of an Otago Harbour Board scheme to reclaim land for industrial use, dredges started to pump tailings into the area behind the causeway in the 1940s. Reclamation continued for many years, and was not officially completed until the opening of Portsmouth Drive, which runs along the route of the 1912 causeway at the harbour edge, in 1978.
Most of the area of the southern endowment is industrial and storage, though it does contain a small park close to the wharf area and the major sports complex of The Edgar Centre close to its southern edge.
Cargill's Corner.
South Dunedin contains the city's second most important retail district, centred on Cargill's Corner, named for Otago provincial founder Captain William Cargill (Hillside Road—at one time called Cargill Road—is named for his house, "Hillside", which lay some to the north). At this junction, two main suburban arterial routes—King Edward Street and Hillside Road—cross. A small shopping mall, South City, is located at Cargill's Corner.
Cargill's Corner had, for many years, Dunedin's only "Barnes Dance" pedestrian crossing. Its use was stopped during the 1980s. In 2011, Dunedin City Council considered reintroducing Barnes Dance control at Cargill's Corner as part of other improvements, but the work has since been completed without the change in traffic control.
King Edward Street is aligned roughly north-south, linking with the southern end of Princes Street and the centre city in the north with the densely populated coastal suburb of St Kilda. Hillside Road links Andersons Bay Road, a further major suburban arterial, in the east with the suburbs of Caversham, Corstorphine and Saint Clair in the west and southwest.
Main roads.
Smaller, older shops stretch south along King Edward Street and west along Hillside Road from Cargill's Corner. To the east, along Hillside Road and Anderson's Bay Road are larger supermarkets and wholesalers, notably Pak'n Save, The Warehouse, Countdown, and Mitre 10 Mega. Further along Anderson's Bay Road to the south and to the west on Hillside Road are numerous car sale yards and light industrial works. These extend into Caversham in the west, and across the reclaimed land which lies between Andersons Bay Road and Portsmouth Drive in the south and east. At its southern extreme, King Edward Street becomes increasingly residential, though there are also light industrial premises here.
Andersons Bay Road lies roughly parallel with King Edward Street some to the east. This route, which roughly follows the original shoreline, connects with State Highway 1 and Dunedin's one-way street system in the north, and with the suburb of Musselburgh in the south. It also provides a major route from the centre city with Otago Peninsula. 
Portsmouth Drive, a further arterial route, lies a further to the east. This route links the centre city with Portobello Road, the long, twisting route which travels the length of Otago Peninsula's harbour coast. It is named for Dunedin's American sister city of Portsmouth, Virginia.
Other important roads in South Dunedin include Timaru Street on the Southern Endowment, and several streets which cross or meet King Edward Street, linking it with Anderson's Bay Road in the east or the suburbs of Saint Clair and Forbury in the west. These include Macandrew Road, Melbourne Street, McBride Street, and Bay View Road, the latter of which forms the boundary between South Dunedin and St Kilda.
History.
Prior to European settlement, much of the area of The Flat was poorly drained and marshy. Early settlement of the area took place along the hill fringes at Caversham and St. Clair. The arrival at St Clair of William Henry Valpy (1793–1852) in 1849 led to the first development of permanent roading in the area; Valpy, reputedly the wealthiest man in New Zealand, had a branch dray road built from Dunedin's central settlement to his St. Clair farm which ran along the edge of what is now South Dunedin. With the rapid expansion of the city at the time of the Otago Gold Rush of the 1860s, settlement expended, notably around what is now Hillside Road.
Much of the swampy land of The Flat was drained through the efforts of Chinese settlers were notable among early residents in the St Clair area, and largely through their effort the swampy land inland from the beach was drained and converted into market gardens. Much of the young city's vegetable production was centred on Chinese allotments in an area close to what is now Macandrew Road, Forbury, and there were further allotments in both Andersons Bay and Tainui.
South Dunedin became a borough in 1876, and by the turn of the twentieth century was a thriving industrial and residential town, as can be seen from its description in the 1905 "Cyclopedia of New Zealand":
The borough amalgamated with Dunedin City in 1905, a year after its neighbour, Caversham.
Landmarks.
The industrial heart of South Dunedin is the Hillside Railway Workshops, located immediately to the west of Cargills Corner. These workshops cover some and stretch into the neighbouring suburb of Caversham. Other notable buildings in South Dunedin include the Mayfair Theatre, close to Cargill's Corner, and the Edgar Sports Centre, at the southeastern extremity of the suburb on Portsmouth Drive. The Mayfair Theatre has a New Zealand Historic Places Trust (NZHPT) Category II classification 
The city's former main sports complex, Carisbrook, is located close to the border of South Dunedin in Caversham. Another former stadium, the Caledonian Ground, stood on ground now largely occupied by The Warehouse retail store. It was relocated in 2000 to Logan Park in Dunedin North. The junction of Andersons Bay Road and Hillside Road, located nearby, is still sometimes referred to as "Caledonian Corner".
This corner is also the former site of the country's longest-serving gasworks, which operated from 1863 to 1987, and a small industrial museum, the Dunedin Gasworks Museum, is located on the southern part of its site on Braemar Street. Opened to the public in 2001, this museum is one of only three known preserved gasworks museums in the world. The museum features five steam pumping engines which were used in the gasworks, and an older engine imported from Scotland in 1868. Three of the buildings within the Gasworks complex have NZHPT classifications: the skeleton of the 1879 gasometer, the exhauster and boiler house, and the fitting shop (all Category I).
There are several notable churches in South Dunedin, among them two further NZHPT listings — the city's only Eastern Orthodox church, St. Michael's Antiochian Orthodox Church, in Fingall Street, and St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Basilica (designed by Francis Petre) in Macandrew Road (Category II).
Former landmarks.
Other than the Hillside workshops and the gasworks, South Dunedin has several links with Dunedin's industrial heritage. Notable among these was the factory of G. Methven, one of New Zealand's leading bathroom fittings manufacturers. This company, founded by George Methven, was located for many years in Andersons Bay Road on a site now occupied by a Mitre 10 megastore. On the opposite side of Andersons Bay Road from this is the former location of one of the city's girls' secondary schools, Moreau College, which amalgamated with St. Paul's High School for boys in 1989 to become Kavanagh College. The Moreau site was disestablished, with the new school continuing on the St Paul's site in City Rise.
Another former landmark in South Dunedin was the former Caledonian sports ground. This was located opposite the gasworks at the corner of Hillside Road and Andersons Bay Road, a site still known as Caledonian Corner. The sports field was relocated to Dunedin North, and the site is now the car park of The Warehouse - all that remains of the original sports complex is a lawn bowls club and the gymnasium, which is also South Dunedin's main war memorial (Hillside Workshops have their own separate memorial by the site's main gate). The Caledonian was the site of the first human ascent in a hot-air balloon in New Zealand — and first parachute descent — performed by travelling showman Thomas Scott Baldwin on 21 January 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="18566084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566084" title="F. Charles Brunicardi">
F. Charles Brunicardi

F. Charles Brunicardi (born May 10, 1954) is an American physician.
On July 1, 2011, Brunicardi rejoined the UCLA faculty as Moss Foundation Professor of Gastrointestinal and Personalized Surgery and Chief of General Surgery at the UCLA Santa Monica Medical Center and a Vice Chairman of the Department of Surgery at the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA. Brunicardi is a gastrointestinal surgeon-scientist who was a member of the UCLA surgical faculty from 1989 to 1995, when he was recruited to Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, Texas as George Jordan Professor and Chief of General Surgery. In 1999, Brunicardi became DeBakey/Bard Professor and Chairman of the Michael E. DeBakey Department of Surgery at Baylor and held that leadership position for 12 years before returning to UCLA.
Early life and education.
Brunicardi was born in Perth Amboy, New Jersey, on May 10, 1954. He graduated from Rutgers University School of Medicine in Piscataway, New Jersey. Upon graduation from Rutgers Medical School in 1980, Brunicardi served as a research assistant in the Department of Anesthesiology at Cornell University Medical Center in New York, New York. Brunicardi interned in surgery at Mount Zion Hospital in San Francisco, California and was a surgical resident at the State University of New York (SUNY) Health Science Center in Brooklyn, New York from 1982-1983. From 1983-1986 he was a fellow in research in the Department of Surgery at SUNY Health Science Center and won several national and international research awards. From 1986-1988 he was a Senior Resident in Surgery at SUNY, and from 1988-1989 he was the Chief Resident of General Surgery at SUNY Health Science Center.
Career.
Brunicardi's career includes accomplishments as an attending physician and medical school professor in Los Angeles, California and in Houston, Texas.
In a parallel career as a folk-singer and song-writer, he also headlined The Cambridge Folk Festival in England in 1978, at the top of a bill including Don McLean and Richie Havens.
Compensation at UCLA.
Brunicardi received compensation of $400,000.02 from UCLA in 2011, of which $64,795.00 was base salary and $339,205.02 was "other pay" (presumably for clinical work). These amounts do not include benefits. 
Research interests and contributions.
Brunicardi's research interests focus upon translational genomic medicine and surgery. His clinical areas of expertise include gastrointestinal surgery and surgery of neuroendocrine tumors. Brunicardi has held continuous research funding since 1992, and he has a vast bibliography with more than 270 publications and is the editor of a surgical textbook.

</doc>
<doc id="18566088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566088" title="Lower Breakish">
Lower Breakish

Lower Breakish () is a village on the Isle of Skye in Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="18566089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566089" title="Vladimir Basalayev">
Vladimir Basalayev

Vladimir Sergeyevich Basalayev () (born 12 August 1945 in Kursk) is a retired Soviet football player.
International career.
Basalayev made his debut for USSR on 16 June 1968 in a friendly against Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="18566098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566098" title="2009 IAAF World Cross Country Championships">
2009 IAAF World Cross Country Championships

The 2009 IAAF World Cross Country Championships took place on March 28, 2009. The races were held at the Al Bisharat Golf Course in Amman, Jordan. Four races took place, one for men, women, junior men and junior women respectively. All races encompassed both individual and team competition. Amman is also only the second occasion on which Asia has hosted the World Cross Country Championships, which are the oldest IAAF World Athletics Series event, first celebrated under the IAAF banner in 1973.
Competition notes.
The senior male team for Kenya won their 22nd team title in 24 years despite the fact that no senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
Florence Kiplagat was the first Kenyan senior women’s winner since Helen Chepngeno in 1994. She was quoted saying, ‘’I would like to thank God,” she said. “Kenya has not won since 1994. We are determined to perform at the same level as Kenyan men.” 
Further race reports of the event were given in the New York Times and for the IAAF.
Race results.
Senior men's race (12 km).
Complete results for senior men and for senior men's teams were published.
Junior men's race (8 km).
Complete results for junior men and for junior men's teams were published.
Senior women's race (8 km).
Complete results for senior women and for senior women's teams were published.
Junior women's race (6 km).
Complete results for junior women and for junior women's teams were published.
Participation.
According to an unofficial count, 459 athletes from 59 countries participated, two athletes less (senior women) than the official number published

</doc>
<doc id="18566102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566102" title="Greater Manchester Transport Innovation Fund">
Greater Manchester Transport Innovation Fund

The Greater Manchester Transport Innovation Fund was a failed bid by the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Authority (GMPTA) and Association of Greater Manchester Authorities (AGMA) to secure £1.5 billion from the Transport Innovation Fund (TIF), a major public transport funding mechanism in England, for the metropolitan county of Greater Manchester. There would have been an additional £1.2 billion borrowed and paid back through a mixture of public transport revenues and weekday, peak-time only Greater Manchester congestion charge.
If approved, the funds would have been spent on modernising Greater Manchester's transport network, with large-scale extensions of the Manchester Metrolink system, as well as increased bus and rail services, investment in existing stations and improvements to cycling and road networks. Other changes would have been the introduction of the Readycard, an Integrated Transport Smartcard similar to the Oyster card used in Greater London.
AGMA decided to hold a referendum in Greater Manchester so that its electorate could express their approval or rejection of the proposals. The referendum, a postal vote, began in late November and closed on 11 December 2008. The results were announced on 12 December, showing that the majority of voters in all ten boroughs rejected the proposals.
History.
On 25 May 2007 the "Association of Greater Manchester Authorities" (AGMA) and GMPTA issued a joint news release stating their intention to 'seek views' on a possible Transport Innovation Fund (TiF) bid to the government for a £3bn package of transport funding along with the introduction of a congestion charging system.
Four tests were set by AGMA for a suitable bid:
Following a consultation period involving the use of polls, focus groups, and feedback, on 27 July 2007 AGMA agreed to submit the bid. On 9 June 2008 Ruth Kelly, the Secretary of State for Transport, announced that Greater Manchester's TiF bid had been approved by the Department for Transport. A 14-week consultation on the proposal began on 5 July 2008, and on 24 July 2008 a decision was made to allow a referendum to decide upon the future of the scheme. At a meeting of the AGMA in Bolton on 29 August 2008, it was decided that a referendum would be held on 11 December 2008. It was the first time that the population of Greater Manchester has voted in a referendum since 1975 when the UK voted to stay in the European Union. The returning officer was Sir Neil McIntosh. The referendum is to be administered by the Electoral Reform Society. Although the local authorities opted into the referendum, they were not obliged to take part as it is a "local poll" governed by Section 116 of the Local Government Act 2003. To ensure the success of the bid, 50.1% of all votes in seven out of the ten Greater Manchester authorities would need to be 'for' the scheme. From the total vote (each region has 10% of the total) a minimum vote of 35.07% 'for' spread evenly over seven areas is required.
Funding.
The proposed funding would have been in two parts: £1.441bn in the form of a grant from Central Government, and £1.150bn as a loan to be repaid over a period of 30 years with the profit generated by both the public transport system and the Congestion Charge, in addition £300m would have been loaned to directly set up and administer the congestion charging system. The funding would be spent on the proposed improvements, and the cost of setting up the system. Once the loan had been repaid, the profits from the congestion charge would be used to fund future investment in Greater Manchester's transport system.
Investment.
Buses.
Privately operated bus services would have gained a large amount of investment from the fund. The aim of the TiF was to improve reliability, create better local routes and better access, and to make the services easier to use. The proposals included:
At a local level, the plan presumed that 90% of the population of Greater Manchester should live within a five-minute walk of a bus service meeting the following criteria:
Access improvements would have included a new real-time customer information system: passengers would be able to monitor the location of buses, and their expected time of arrival, by checking online or by using a mobile phone, with some stops including screens displaying such information. Closed-circuit television at stops and on buses would be installed to help improve security. New routes were proposed, including circular routes serving various inner suburbs and connecting them with popular districts such as Trafford Park and Salford Quays; outer circular services travelling across Greater Manchester between outlying areas transport interchanges and linking transport corridors in addition to the existing radial services terminating in Manchester city centre; and a high-speed Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) service between Leigh, Salford, and Manchester, travelling mostly on new bus corridors.
Yellow school buses.
As of 2008 there were 36 dedicated school buses operating in Greater Manchester. The Transport Innovation Fund would have increased the fleet in two stages. Funding had already been secured for 120 new school buses (provided regardless of the outcome of the public vote on the proposals), 70 of which were to be used on new routes, and 50 to replace the buses then in use on existing routes. A further 170 were planned to be introduced over the next decade utilising Tif funding.
Railways.
Northern Rail is responsible for running local rail services and for operating most railway stations in Greater Manchester. The TiF included plans for improving the rail network in the area. Investment in new and longer trains would increase peak-time capacity by 2,950 seats across Greater Manchester; this would be in addition to 4,100 peak-time seats the government had promised to fund regardless of whether the TiF proceeded. Extra platforms or extensions to existing platforms could be built at some stations to accommodate longer trains. Security improvements would include the provision of closed-circuit television at stations, covering platforms, waiting areas and car parks. In order to encourage passengers to cycle to stations, 2,500 secure bicycle stands are planned. Connections between different modes of transport would be improved with interchange facilities (with buses and Metrolink services where applicable) at several locations in Manchester city centre, Salford, Altrincham, Ashton-under-Lyne, Bolton, Eccles, Stockport and Wigan. New or enlarged park and ride facilities were proposed at Cheadle Hulme, Horwich Parkway, Hazel Grove, Heald Green, Mills Hill, Rochdale, Romiley and Stalybridge railway stations. As with the proposed improvements to the bus network, customer information screens would have been provided at all stations; real-time updates would be available online and via a text message service. The proposed smartcard system would be valid on trains in the Greater Manchester area as well as on buses and trams.
Metrolink.
Manchester Metrolink is Greater Manchester's urban transit system. The network in 2008 had 3 routes, 37 stations and of track. The Phase 3a extension already had funding, with surveys and inspection work already underway. Further extensions proposed under the TiF scheme would have increased track mileage to , the number of stops to 108, the combined impact of the recently announced extensions to the Metrolink network (which are not part of TiF) and the impact of TiF extensions would bring to the total passenger capacity to 70 million journeys annually (from 20 million in 2008).
The proposed Phase 3b extension included within the TiF consisted of various extensions to Phase 3a routes:
An additional 40 trams would have been ordered to supplement the 32 then in use on the network, and to provide extra capacity for Phase 3a. The TiF would fund the purchase of a further 58 trams. On the then existing network, capacity enhancements would be primarily along the Altrincham–Bury route: all services would be operated by double units (two trams coupled together) by the end of 2012. Proposed general enhancements to the system included frequency improvements, new 'through' journeys between different regions of Greater Manchester, improved accessibility to the trams, track improvements, real-time customer information systems, security enhancements, and the ability to use the proposed smartcard.
Since the rejection of Tif a plan to achieve most of the same Metrolink investment programme was created drawing funds from increased council tax precepts, commercial loans and the bringing forward of the entitled Dft Regional Funding Allocation from 2010 to 2016. The £1.3bn fund which is also being spent on some road schemes and the BRT scheme enabled £800m of the planned Metrolink investment to proceed. The notable exceptions were the £317m Trafford line, part of the Airport Loop and the Stockport town centre extension.
Greater Manchester smartcard.
The planned smartcard system would cover all modes of transport in the Greater Manchester area, removing the need to buy separate tickets for a multi-modal journey. Operationally, it would be similar to London's Oystercard scheme.
While delayed by the failure of the Tif vote the smartcard has since found £1m annual funding from a new government programme for research and studies into enabling the roll out of smartcards nationally amongst the city regions.
Cars.
Congestion within the Greater Manchester area had remained unchanged for some years. A report released by Greater Manchester Traffic Unit in September 2008 states that "Manchester traffic flows decreased in all time periods between 1997 and 2006. The improvements to the Manchester and Salford Inner Relief Route in 2002 and traffic management measures within the city centre have contributed to this." 
The planned congestion charge scheme would be in place by 2013. An anticipated reduction of 10–15% in the number of cars entering the charging zone was expected to both reduce congestion, and decrease journey times. A traffic information and control system would be installed along all of the major routes into Manchester city centre, to monitor incidents, and provide information on problems and diversionary routes. There would be improved park and ride facilities, including new sites on many of the Metrolink extensions and the Leigh–Manchester bus route.
According to the data contained in the TIF bid submitted by Greater Manchester's 10 council leaders to the government, half the cost of congestion to Greater Manchester is caused by traffic that does not travel inside the M60, and those drivers would not be affected by the planned peak-hour congestion charge.
Congestion charging.
Background.
The congestion charging system would have been based upon two charging rings, picking up vehicles travelling toward Manchester on weekday mornings between 7 am and 9.30 am, and away from Manchester between 4 pm and 6.30 pm. Drivers would be charged £2 (at 2007 prices) upon crossing the outer ring (just within the M60), and £1 upon crossing the inner ring travelling toward Manchester. During the evening, peak period drivers would be charged £1 upon crossing the inner ring, and £1 when crossing the outer ring.
AGMA's survey of 5,010 residents aged over 16, which was carried out by Ipsos MORI in August 2008, suggests that two thirds of peak time road users would pay a charge for crossing at least one charging rings once, and that one fifth would incur the full charge.
Plans.
The TiF aimed to tackle congestion at the times, places, and direction in which it is most expensive to the economy of Greater Manchester. A key part of the scheme was therefore to introduce a congestion charge. A capped day pass of £5 (at 2007 prices, estimated by AGMA to be £6 by 2013) was proposed for all vehicles, such as multi-drop delivery vehicles which may repeatedly cross charging rings during peak times. HGV and other commercial vehicles would be charged at the same rate as private cars up to the £5 cap. If charging had been introduced, it was claimed by 2013 the average weekday daily charge of £3 at 2007 prices would be no more than £3.60.
Commitments.
AGMA and GMPTA made the following commitments regarding congestion charging in Greater Manchester:
Discounts.
A range of discounts would have been made available under the scheme. Motorcycles, Black Taxi Cabs and Private Hire Cars would be entitled to a full discount. Cars, vans and trucks entering the first zone through Trafford Park would have a 100% discount until the Metrolink extension through Trafford Park was complete. For the first two years of the scheme, people on the minimum wage would receive a discount of 20% on both public transport fares and the congestion charge. People who have hospital or medical appointments would be entitled to a 100% discount.
Reaction.
Public.
An independent survey conducted in June by Populus, and reported by the BBC on 17 June 2008, indicated that less than a third of residents of Greater Manchester supported the proposals.
According to "secret polling data" obtained by the Manchester Evening News in August 2008, a survey of more than 5,000 people by Ipsos MORI showed that 53% of Greater Manchester would vote in favour of the TiF bid in a referendum. The survey demonstrated a majority in each of the 10 boroughs including Stockport, Bury and Trafford whose councils have previously opposed the scheme.
The consultation process commissioned by AGMA into the public’s attitude to the £2.7bn Transport Innovation Fund package suggested that a majority of respondents contacted in every borough of Greater Manchester had negative comments. The organisers of the consultation (Ipsos MORI) stated that this demonstrated that respondents had either a positive or negative attitude to at least one of the elements of the package, and not necessarily that they had a positive or negative attitude to the package as a whole.
Business.
Opinion on the TiF proposals in business was divided, with various reasons given both for and against the scheme. United City, a group of local businesses, supported the proposals, however the Greater Manchester Momentum Group, an alliance of over 250 employers, did not.
As part of AGMA's formal consultation into the proposals, it commissioned IPSOS Mori to conduct research amongst 1,002 Greater Manchester businesses in July and August 2008. Their findings indicated that more businesses opposed the plans than supported them. "When asked the extent to which they support or oppose the offer from the Government, one half of respondents oppose (40% “strongly oppose” and 10% “tend to oppose”) and three in ten support (10% “strongly support” and 20% “tend to support”) with approaching one in six (16%) stating neither support nor oppose." A survey of Greater Manchester Chamber of Commerce members in November 2008 revealed that of those who responded (15% of members), 72% did not view the proposed congestion charge as an acceptable trade off for the investment in public transport and predicted reduction in levels of congestion, and 63% of respondents were opposed to congestion charging in principle. 40% of respondents said that if the charge did come in they would adapt by changing delivery and meeting times, and 30% would introduce more flexible working.
In a letter to the "Manchester Evening News", Alex Ferguson, manager of Manchester United F.C., backed the Greater Manchester TIF bid. He said the proposals "offer a once in a lifetime opportunity to put Greater Manchester in the premier league for public transport - so don't score an own goal". John Wilkinson, owner of Salford Reds Rugby Club, said "I can't see Sir Alex coming to the games by the tram from Altrincham or going to training at Carrington. It is all right to say these things, but you have got to get involved in it".
Political.
On 1 July 2008 the Labour Member of Parliament for Worsley, Barbara Keeley, raised a number of concerns in the House of Commons about the TIF consultation process, which she summed up by saying: "It is my firm view that the consultation proposed by the Association of Greater Manchester Authorities and the passenger transport executive is not up to the task."
According to the BBC, motoring groups reacted with anger to the announcement, with the Manchester Against Tolls group describing the day of the announcement as a "bad day for drivers all over Britain". The group called the maximum £5 charge a "Trojan horse" and said this would just be the start of charges for road users. "Ken Livingstone has already demonstrated in London what will happen — he increased the £5 charge to £8 and has doubled the size of the charge zone," a spokesman said. "Road pricing is just another poll tax and will hit less well off drivers the hardest. The intention can only be to try and force them off the road."
The Chairman of the GMPTE Roger Jones lost his seat in the 2008 local by-elections to the candidate of the Community Action Party which campaigned on a platform of opposing the congestion charge on which the TIF plans are based. After his defeat Mr. Jones said "I don’t think my defeat will change things, but it will make everyone a bit more wary. The hardest job for TIF supporters will be explaining the facts to the public." He also pointed out: "When you ask people if they want congestion charging they say no. If you ask whether they want improved public transport they say yes."
A cross party "Stop the Charge" alliance of eight MPs and the council leaders of the already opposed Bury, Trafford and Stockport councils was formed to campaign for a no vote in the referendum on the proposals.
On 30 November the broadcast watchdog OFCOM ruled that the TV advertising campaign by GMPTE which was funded by the Department for Transport and which was intended to be an unbiased presentation of the facts concerning the TiF proposals was biased in favour of the scheme and was in breach of guidelines on political impartiality.
Post Referendum.
The results indicated a strong disapproval of the scheme with support ranging from only 16% to 28% and attracted a combined support of only 1/5 of voters. The AGMA initially refused to drop the scheme in interviews with the press after the count stating the results would be the subject of discussion at the next meeting, but at that next meeting they were officially dropped. Work then began in secret to salvage the work of the Tif with an agreement signed between the local councils 30th Jan 2009. and by May 2009 the 10 local councils had agreed a new funding proposal which costed and ranked the individual Tif spending proposals along with several other existing local transport proposals by need with three budget proposals combining varied increased top slicing of local councils existing transport budgets (20/40/60%) as well as a small council tax rise of 3% and a loan supplemented with already promised national government money not conditional on the congestion charge. On May 12, 2009, the mid-sized budget was selected allowing £1.2bn to be raised for spending on both the phase 3a and 3b metrolink extension along with various road and bus improvements. The proposed congestion charge, travel card, increased trains and most of the station improvements were dropped.
The rejection also led to the demise of the Transport Innovation Fund grants offered to councils outside Greater London between 2005 and 2010 who implemented congestion charging to fund large-scale capital investment in transport. After the referendum other councils such as Durham and Cambridgeshire which had submitted bids and others in the process of submitting withdrew their applications. In March 2010 the government formally began the process of closing down the fund and the £9.5bn funding which had been allocated to potential recipients between 2008 and 2015 was reallocated to plug the Crossrail funding gap contrary to its original intention of financing transport investment outside the capital.

</doc>
<doc id="18566107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566107" title="Sirali">
Sirali

Sirali is a town in the Harda district, Madhya Pradesh, India. The town has an estimated population of 8,507 people, and life revolves around the Machak River, the life line of the town.
Among its attractions is the Shri Tilbhandeshwar(Shivaji) Mandir temple. Sri Radha-Krishan is also located in Sirali.
The nearest cities to Sirali include Harda, Khirkiya and Khandwa.
now sirali is the fourth tehsil of Harda district.
Climate.
The average temperature is a maximum 43°C in summer and minimum 10°C in winter.

</doc>
<doc id="18566114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566114" title="Red Mansion Foundation">
Red Mansion Foundation

The Red Mansion Foundation is a not for profit organisation founded by Nicolette Kwok in 1999. Its aim is to promote cultural understanding between East and West through the medium of contemporary Chinese art.
Programs and gallery.
The Red Mansion Foundation aims to promote cultural understanding through a series of exhibitions, exchange programmes, publications and the Red Mansion Art Prize. In 2007 the Foundation moved into its current premises at 46, Portland Place in London which contains a 4,000 square foot (370 m2) gallery space dedicated solely to an exhibition programme of contemporary Chinese art curated by guest curators. Recent exhibitions have included a group show entitled "Temperament of Detail", curated by Carol Yinghua Lu and Liu Ding, and featuring Hu Liu, Wang Luyan, Wang Wei and Wu Xiaojun, a solo retrospective by Lu Chunsheng, curated by Hans Ulrich Obrist of the Serpentine Gallery, and two more solo shows, by Yang Qian and Qiu Jie respectively.
Exhibitions.
In July 2008, The Red Mansion organised two shows in Beijing; the British Pavilion at the Beijing Biennale and an exhibition at the Today Art Museum entitled "Building Bridges: 8 Visions, One Dream". The latter is an ongoing project that involves the Red Mansion inviting established artists to travel to China, in order to be inspired and to create a two-way dialogue. For the inaugural programme in 2005, the Foundation invited seven Royal Academicians: John Bellany, Brendan Neiland, Paul Huxley, Christopher Orr, David Mach, Allen Jones and Ian McKeever. The resulting exhibition, “Royal Academicians in China”, was shown at the National Art Museum of China in Beijing, at the Shanghai Art Museum and at the Royal Academy of Arts in London. Following the success of “Royal Academicians in China”, The Red Mansion Foundation invited Catherine Kinley, former senior curator at Tate, to select a new group of eight artists to join the exchange programme 2006-2008: Tony Bevan, Rose Finn-Kelcey, Susan Hiller, Satch Hoyt, Lisa Milroy, Dennis Morris, Richard Wentworth and Paul Winstanley.

</doc>
<doc id="18566117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566117" title="S.J. Quinney College of Law">
S.J. Quinney College of Law

The S.J. Quinney College of Law is the law school of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah. Established in 1913, the University of Utah S.J. Quinney College of Law is nationally recognized for its accomplished faculty, innovative curriculum, and low student-to-faculty ratio. Utah law is a member of the Association of American Law Schools and is accredited by the American Bar Association. The 2013 US News & World Report Law School Rankings place the S.J. Quinney College of Law at #41 in the country, just ahead of the neighboring BYU law school which ranks #44.
History.
The University of Utah was founded in 1850. The law school was later founded in 1913 to meet the growing legal needs of Utah and the western United States. As one of the oldest and most well-respected law schools in the west, the S.J. Quinney College of Law has left a lasting mark on the American legal system.
New law school building.
On Oct. 30, 2009, Dean Hiram Chodosh announced to students, during his monthly "Dean's Report and Reception," that the University of Utah is moving forward on plans to construct a new law school facility in the near future. He and other faculty members have formed a committee and have been in discussions with University administration in order to get things going on the project, and to seek funding. Dean Chodosh also said that he is currently meeting with and interviewing architects for the project, and that the committee has already decided on an ideal square footage and interior design for the building. Dean Chodosh said that the only thing holding the S.J. Quinney College of Law back from attracting more of the brightest students in the nation, as well as a much deserved jump in the rankings, is a more modern facility. The ABA, according to Dean Chodosh, during their review of the law school last year, said that it was a top tier law school in terms of programs, faculty, and students, but was lacking in the quality of physical facilities.
During the spring 2010 "Dean Update" Dean Chodosh updated the students on the new law school building. He announced that ground will be broken in 2013, fundraising/lobbying is underway, and the site of the new school will be directly east of the current law school complex. The advantages of staying near the current site include the following: close proximity to Trax, within the historic and arguably most beautiful area of campus, and with the completion of the "Universe" retail/commercial/high density residential development - to be built directly west of the football stadium - the new law school will be in the heart of one of the most exciting areas on campus.
During the April 9, 2012 "Bagels with the Dean" Dean Chodosh gave a very exciting update on the construction of the new law school. Some highlights include that the school has been approved for a $60 million bond, $30 million has been promised by private donors, and details of the school's exciting location and cutting-edge design were revealed. Click here to watch a recording of the event.
The new University of Utah Law School broke ground on their new building on June 4, 2013. For architectural renderings, floor plans, and detailed information about this state of the art facility, please visit the Building Justice website.
Campus.
Located along the foothills of the Wasatch Mountains, overlooking the Salt Lake City skyline, the University of Utah arguably enjoys one of the one most beautiful campuses in the world. The law school building is located in the south-west corner of campus directly north of the stadium light rail station and Rice-Eccles Stadium, home of the two-time BCS bowl champion Utah Utes football team. The law school is less than a 10-minute drive or TRAX light rail ride from downtown Salt Lake City-the seat of federal, state, and local governmental bodies. Salt Lake City is the economic center of the region and is regularly voted one of America's most livable cities. The location provides ample professional opportunities for students, as well as superb outdoor recreational access and a strong cultural scene. Salt Lake City combines a network of professionals and practitioners in an urban capital city with perhaps the greatest proximity of outdoor recreational opportunities in the world. The world's best mountain resorts are only 20 minutes away, and you can arrive in St. George's famous red rock country in four or five hours.
Law library.
The library houses more than 340,000 volumes of law and law-related material and serves as a depository for US government documents. Eight librarians (six with law degrees) teach the research component of the Legal Methods course. The law library, like the entire University of Utah campus, is a wireless environment. First-year students are provided with their own study hall - named Gibson Hall, AKA "the Gibby" - furnished with group-study tables and open carrels. Second and Third-year students are provided private carrels with personal lockable compartments in a modern spacious facility with the latest technological equipment and library research services.
Academic offerings.
The law school offers the standard J.D.. Additionally they have three joint degree programs, a J.D./M.B.A. a J.D./M.P.A., and a J.D./M.P.P. The school also offers an advanced degree L.L.M. focusing on energy, environmental, and natural resources law. With a student body that is smaller than a single entering class of many law schools, Utah Law offers applicants the opportunity to study law in an intimate environment that allows students to establish close relationships with their classmates and professors.
Reputation.
According to the widely cited USNWR 2013 Law School Rankings, the S.J. Quinney College of Law was named a "Top Tier" Law School and is currently ranked #41 out of more than 180 law schools in the United States. Several University of Utah law students have been chosen for prestigious internships and clerkships, including four graduates who have served as clerks to Supreme Court Justices. Tyler R. Green, a 2005 graduate of the University of Utah S.J. Quinney College of Law clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas during the October 2009 term. Utah has the 3rd lowest student to faculty ratio at 8.1:1, behind only Yale and Stanford at 7.3:1 and 8:1, respectively.
Admissions, job placement, and bar passage.
There were 1277 applicants for the incoming class of 2012 at the S.J. Quinney College of Law and 128 students were enrolled; the incoming class had a median LSAT score of 160 and median GPA of 3.60. The 25th-75th percentile LSAT range was 156-163, and the 25th-75th percentile range for GPA was 3.41-3.76.
About 98% of 2009 graduates were employed within nine months of graduation. Of those employed, around 60% began their practice in the private sector, while about 13% took on government jobs, and about 10% attained judicial clerkships. The average private sector starting salary is about $80,000.
The overall bar passage rate in 2009 was about 85.5%, with 75% passing in February and 90% passing in July.
Dean Hiram Chodosh.
Before assuming the deanship of the S.J. Quinney College of Law July 1, 2006, Dean Chodosh - a graduate of Wesleyan University and Yale Law School - was associate dean for academic affairs and Joseph C. Hostetler-Baker & Hostetler Professor of Law at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio. Dean Chodosh joined the Case faculty in 1993 after three years in private practice in New York City with the international firm of Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton. At Case, he also directed the Frederick K. Cox International Law Center from 1998 to 2003. A leading expert in comparative and global justice reform with hands-on experience in more than 20 countries, he has served as a consultant on judicial reform for the International Monetary Fund, a senior reporter on several U.S. State Department reform studies, and an adviser to the World Bank's Justice Reform Group. A Fulbright Senior Scholar in India in 2003, Dean Chodosh is the author of Global Justice Reform: A Comparative Methodology, published in 2005 by New York University Press, and more than 25 articles, essays, and book chapters.
Organizations.
Campus organizations in alphabetical order include:
Scholarly publications.
The S.J. Quinney College of Law currently publishes three legal journals:

</doc>
<doc id="18566139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566139" title="Tsuyama Line">
Tsuyama Line

Stations.
The Tsuyama Line operates both all-stations services and a limited-stop named service called . In the table below, ● indicates all trains stop at this station, and ▲ indicates that only Local trains stop.

</doc>
<doc id="18566144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566144" title="Thomas Welby">
Thomas Welby

Thomas Earle Welby (11 July 1810 – 6 January 1899, Jamestown, Saint Helena) was a Bishop in the Anglican church.
Early life and education.
Thomas Earle Welby was the second son of Sir William Earle Welby, the second baronet, and Wilhelmina Spry, daughter of William Spry. He was educated at Rugby School Christ's College, Cambridge before joining the army, becoming a Lieutenant in the 13th Light Dragoons. Sold out of the army in 1837, he married Mary Browne in the same year.
Ecclesiastical career.
Welby was ordained in the diocese of Toronto, and in 1842 became rector of Sandwich in Western Canada, Rector of Newton-near-Folkingham. Then Archdeacon of Georgetown, South Africa in 1856 and Bishop of St Helena 1867 - 1899.
Death.
He was killed in a carriage accident at Jamestown.

</doc>
<doc id="18566145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566145" title="Popplewell">
Popplewell

Popplewell is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18566148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566148" title="Pavle Đurišić">
Pavle Đurišić

Pavle Đurišić (Serbian Cyrillic: Павле Ђуришић, ; 9 July 1909 – April 1945) was a Montenegrin Serb professional officer of the Royal Yugoslav Army who became a Chetnik commander ("vojvoda") and led a significant proportion of the Chetniks of Montenegro during World War II. After distinguishing himself and emerging as one of the main commanders during the popular uprising against the Italians in Montenegro in July 1941, he then collaborated with them in actions against the Yugoslav Partisans. In 1943, troops under his command carried out several massacres against the Muslim population of Bosnia, Herzegovina and the Sandžak and participated in the anti-Partisan Case White offensive alongside Italian troops. He was captured by the Germans in May 1943, escaped and was re-captured.
After the capitulation of Italy, Đurišić was released by the Germans and began collaborating with them and the Serbian puppet government. In 1944, he created the Montenegrin Volunteer Corps with assistance from the Germans, Milan Nedić, and Dimitrije Ljotić. In late 1944, he was decorated with the Iron Cross 2nd Class by the German commander in Montenegro. He was killed by elements of the Armed Forces of the Independent State of Croatia near Banja Luka after he was captured in an apparent trap set by them and Sekula Drljević. Some of his troops were killed either in this battle or later attacks by the Partisans as they continued their withdrawal west. Others attempted to withdraw to Austria, were forced to surrender to the Partisans, and were killed in the Kočevski Rog area of southern Slovenia in May–June 1945. Đurišić was a very able Yugoslav Chetnik leader, and his fighting skills were respected by his allies and opponents alike.
Early life.
Pavle Đurišić was born on 9 July 1909 in Podgorica, Principality of Montenegro, where he was raised until the death of his father Ilija. Some sources state his year of birth was 1907. Educated up to lower secondary school, he moved to Berane, where he lived with his uncle, Petar Radović, a judge and former Chetnik who had been a member of the band of Vuk Popović during the Macedonian Struggle. Đurišić attended a teacher training college in Berane for almost two years.
In 1927, Đurišić entered a military academy and in 1930 he was commissioned as an infantry lieutenant in the Royal Yugoslav Army. He began his service in Sarajevo as part of the 10th Infantry Regiment, attending infantry officers' school. He remained in Sarajevo until 1934 when, upon his own request, he was relocated to Berane where he served first as a platoon commander and later as a commander of the first company of the 48th Infantry Regiment. On 7 April 1939, after the Italian invasion of Albania, Đurišić's troops travelled to Plav in the immediate vicinity of the Albanian border with the task of gathering intelligence. He established contact with many individuals in Albania and organized several sources of intelligence, but ultimately managed to be of little help and returned to Berane.
World War II.
Axis invasion and Italian occupation of Montenegro.
In April 1941, Germany and Italy invaded Montenegro, the Germans from Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Italians from Albania. The Germans later withdrew, leaving the Italians to occupy the area. The Montenegrins quickly developed grievances against the Italians. These grievances mainly related to the expulsion of Montenegrin people from the Kosovo region and Vojvodina, as well as the influx of refugees from other parts of Yugoslavia and those fleeing the Ustaše terror in the regions along the borders with Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Montenegrin people also had grievances against the Italians regarding their annexation of important food producing territory in Kosovo and a salt producing facility at Ulcinj to Albania, and the economic damage inflicted on many Montenegrins by the temporary removal from circulation of Yugoslav banknotes of 500 dinars and more.
Uprising in Montenegro.
In mid-July 1941, there was a general uprising against the Italians, initiated by the communists. The event that triggered the uprising was the proclamation of a restored Kingdom of Montenegro headed by an Italian regent and led by Montenegrin separatist Sekula Drljević and his supporters, known as "Greens" ("zelenaši"). The insurgents also included large numbers of Serb nationalists known as "Whites" ("bjelaši"), who "stood for close ties to Serbia", and former Royal Yugoslav Army officers, some of whom had recently been released from prisoner-of-war camps. Officers were in command with the communists doing the organisation and providing political commissars. The rebels seized control of small towns and villages in the early phase of the uprising. Amidst the worst of the fighting during the successful attack he led on Berane, then-Captain Đurišić distinguished himself, and emerged as one of the main commanders of the uprising. A force of 67,000 Italian troops regained control over all towns and communication routes within six weeks, assisted by Muslim and Albanian irregular forces from border areas who provided flank security. The Italian military governor of Montenegro General Alessandro Pirzio Biroli issued the orders to crush the revolt, but directed his forces to avoid "acts of revenge and useless cruelty". Nevertheless, in crushing the revolt dozens of villages were burned, hundreds were killed and between 10,000 and 20,000 inhabitants were interned. For a while, the Muslim and Albanian irregulars were permitted to pillage and torch villages.
A split then developed between the communist leaders of the uprising and the nationalists that had participated. The nationalists recognized that the uprising had been defeated and wanted to stop fighting, unlike the Partisans who were determined to continue the struggle. During the autumn the nationalists contacted the Italians and offered to assist them to fight the Partisans. Subsequently, the nationalists, including Đurišić who was popular in his own Vasojević clan of northern Montenegro, withdrew into the hinterland. The focus of the nationalists such as Đurišić was to avoid provoking the Italians but to protect the mountain villages if they were attacked. In northern Montenegro, there was a marked distinction between the communists and nationalists, with the nationalists having closer ties with Serbia and a "frontier" mentality towards Muslims. The communists wanted to continue with the revolution by turning against their class enemies, whilst Ustaše manipulation of the Muslims in the Sandžak and the expulsion of Serbs from the areas annexed by Albania combined to make Đurišić and his Chetniks impatient to continue with the uprising by turning on the Muslims and Albanians in the region. The uprising continued to a reduced extent until December 1941.
Collaboration with the Italians against the Partisans in Montenegro.
In October 1941, Draža Mihailović, a prominent Chetnik leader later supported by the Yugoslav government-in-exile, appointed Đurišić as the commander of all regular and reserve troops in central and eastern Montenegro and parts of the Sandžak. During 1941 he was awarded the Order of the Karađorđe's Star by the Yugoslav government-in-exile on the recommendation of Mihailović.
Traveling to Serbia in late December 1941 and early January 1942 to meet with Mihailović, Đurišić returned with detailed instructions which bore Mihailović's signature. These instructions included directives for "cleansing the Muslim population from Sandžak and the Muslim and Croat populations from Bosnia and Herzegovina" amongst other orders. Historians Lucien Karchmar, Stevan K. Pavlowitch and Noel Malcolm believe that the document was a forgery made by Đurišić after he failed to reach Mihailović, who, because German forces in Serbia had mounted an operation targeting Mihailović's forces, had been driven out of Ravna Gora. In contrast, historians Matteo J. Milazzo, Jozo Tomasevich and Sabrina P. Ramet consider the document to be authentic and attribute the instructions to Mihailović.
Despite his possession of these instructions, Đurišić initially had very little influence on the non-communist elements of the Montenegrin resistance and was unable to develop an effective strategy against the Italians or Partisans in the first few months after his return to Montenegro. In early 1942, his Chetnik detachment became more active, especially in eastern Montenegro and the Sandžak against local Muslims. The Partisans occupied Kolašin in January and February 1942, and turned against all real and potential opposition, killing about 300 of the population and throwing their mangled corpses into pits they called the "dogs' cemetery". Due to this and other examples of communist terror, the Montenegrin population turned against the Partisans. Đurišić soon recaptured Kolašin and held it as a Chetnik bastion until May 1943.
In early March 1942, Đurišić arranged one of the first collaboration agreements between the Italians and the Chetniks. This agreement was with the military governor and commander of Italian troops in Montenegro, General Alessandro Pirzio Biroli and related to the area of operations of the 19th Infantry Division "Venezia". In May 1942, Đurišić attacked and defeated the last significant Partisan detachment in Montenegro.
In June 1942, as the Italians and Chetniks were fighting the Partisans, Mihailović arrived in Montenegro having been forced out of Serbia by the Germans. Mihailović was accompanied by his staff and a British Special Operations Executive (SOE) liaison officer, and after moving around for a while, he established his base at the village of Gornje Lipovo, a few miles from Đurišić's headquarters at Kolašin. Mihailović and his staff had few troops and relied on Đurišić for protection. Not long after Mihailović arrived in Montenegro, Đurišić told Mihailović's SOE liaison officer that he was available to act independently and in defiance of Mihailović. While Đurišić and the other Chetnik commanders in Montenegro nominally recognized Mihailović as their supreme commander, they rarely obeyed him.
On 24 July 1942, Blažo Đukanović, senior commander of all Chetnik forces in Montenegro, signed a comprehensive agreement with General Biroli which officially organized and recognized three Chetnik "flying detachments" as Italian auxiliary troops for use against the Partisans. These detachments were supplied, armed and paid by the Italians, and included a total of 4,500 Chetniks, 1,500 of whom were under the command of Đurišić. The Chetniks thereby became an important part of the Italian occupation regime in Montenegro. The pre-existing "Montenegrin Chetnik committee", which was led by the Brigadier General Đukanović and to which Đurišić was aligned, was recognized by the Italians as the "Nationalist Committee of Montenegro". Its only political aims were to "crush communism and to safeguard law and order and the well being of the Montenegrin population". The committee was also obliged "to undertake everything that is in its power and authority to preserve order and discipline in the country and will counteract all possible actions that could be directed against the Italian authorities." Arrangements were also to be made by mutual understanding for pay, rations, weaponry, and aid to the families of Chetniks.
During the rest of 1942, Italian operations in conjunction with their Chetnik auxiliaries forced the remaining Partisans out of Montenegro, after which the Chetnik auxiliaries were used by the Italians to police the countryside. For most of this time, Đurišić operated fairly independently in northern Montenegro and was described as "a law unto himself".
In December 1942, Chetniks from Montenegro and Sandžak met at a conference in the village of Šahovići near Bijelo Polje. The conference was dominated by Đurišić and its resolutions expressed extremism and intolerance, as well as an agenda which focused on restoring the pre-war status quo in Yugoslavia implemented in its initial stages by a Chetnik dictatorship. It also laid claim to parts of the territory of Yugoslavia's neighbors.
Case White and cleansing actions.
In December 1942, concerned about the possibility of an Allied landing in the Balkans, the Germans began planning an anti-Partisan offensive codenamed "Case White" in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The size of the planned offensive required the involvement of both the Croatian Home Guard and the Italians. Late in the planning, the Italians began to prepare and equip Chetnik detachments, including that of Đurišić, for involvement in the operation.
In early January 1943, the Chetnik Supreme Command ordered Montenegrin Chetnik units to carry out "cleansing actions" against Muslims in the Bijelo Polje county in the Sandžak region of north-eastern Montenegro. On 10 January 1943, Đurišić reported that Chetniks under his command had burned down 33 Muslim villages, killed 400 Muslim fighters (members of the Muslim self-protection militia also supported by the Italians), and had also killed about 1,000 Muslim women and children. Despite the fact that both Đurišić's Chetniks and the Muslim self-protection militia were supported by the Italians, these "cleansing actions" represented partial achievement by Đurišić of Mihailović's directive of 20 December 1941 to clear the Sandžak of Muslims.
As Italian auxiliaries, Đurišić's detachment was so dependent on the Italians for arms and transport that it had not left Montenegro until 18 January 1943, only two days before the first phase of Case White was to begin.
In mid-February, during their advance north-west into Herzegovina in preparation for their involvement in Case White, Đurišić's Lim-Sandžak detachment received further orders for "cleansing actions" against Muslims. It committed further atrocities against the Muslim population, this time in part of the Pljevlja county in Sandžak, and Čajniče county and part of the Foča county in Bosnia. In a report to Mihailović dated 13 February 1943, Đurišić reported that his forces had killed 9,200 Muslims, including approximately 1,200 Muslim combatants and about 8,000 women, children and the elderly. He also reported that:
A further massacre of about 500 Muslims, mostly women, children and the elderly, was carried out in Goražde in March. Several women were raped.
The total number of deaths caused by the anti-Muslim operations commanded by Đurišić between January and February 1943 is estimated at 10,000. The casualty rate would have been higher had a great number of Muslims not already fled the area, most to Sarajevo, when the February action began.
By the end of February 1943, Đurišić's Chetniks were resisting Partisan attempts to move east from the Neretva river. After the Battle of Neretva, during which the Partisans forced a crossing of the river against faltering Chetnik opposition, Đurišić's detachment, numbering about 2,000 fighters, fell back to Kalinovik where they were badly mauled by the Partisan 2nd Proletarian Division in late March. Falling back further towards the Drina river, Đurišić had assembled about 4,500 Bosnian and Montenegrin Chetniks around Foča by the end of the first week in April, but was in desperate need of supplies. Shortly after this, the Italians withdrew most of their troops from Foča and abandoned most of the Sandžak. For the rest of April 1943, Đurišić fought a holding action against the Partisans along the Drina river with his 3,000 remaining fighters.
Case Black and capture.
The Germans decided to follow up Case White with a further offensive, codenamed "Case Black", which had as its objectives the 'disarming of all Chetniks and the destruction of all Partisans in Montenegro and Sandžak', although it became almost entirely an anti-Partisan operation. In early May 1943, the Germans entered the Sandžak and eastern Montenegro area. Đurišić withdrew to Kolašin with about 500 fighters and joined forces with Serbian Chetniks commanded by Dragutin Keserović. On 14 May 1943, a forward detachment of the German 1st Mountain Division entered Kolašin and seized Đurišić by deceiving the Italian troops who were guarding his headquarters. Đurišić and the Chetniks did not resist their capture, and there were no casualties. The Italians vigorously protested Đurišić's capture but were overruled by the Germans. Đurišić was driven away in a vehicle carrying Red Cross markings before being flown from Berane to a prisoner of war camp at Stryi in the Lviv region of Galicia which formed part of the German occupation area of the General Government. He escaped three months later and was recaptured by the authorities of the Serbian puppet government in October 1943 whilst attempting to cross the Danube near Pančevo in the southern Banat after a long ordeal. He was handed over to the Germans and held in the Gestapo prison in Belgrade.
Release and return to Montenegro.
In September 1943, the Italians capitulated and the Germans occupied Montenegro. Soon after, the German Special Envoy in Belgrade Hermann Neubacher, Milan Nedić, and the German Military Commander in south-east Europe General Hans Felber arranged for Đurišić to be released from prison. Neubacher had developed a plan for establishment of the union of Serbia and Montenegro and submitted it to Foreign Minister Joachim von Ribbentrop in October 1943. Đurišić was an important part of this plan. As he was well regarded by the Chetniks and pro-Chetnik populace in Montenegro and the other two senior Montenegrin Chetnik commanders had been killed, Neubacher, Nedić and Felber believed he could be used to fight the Partisans in Montenegro and assist in forming closer relations between Serbia and Montenegro. Although Neubacher's plan did not gain Hitler's approval, Đurišić received supplies including arms and ammunition from the Germans and returned to Montenegro in November 1943 to fight against the Partisans. At this time he established closer ties with Dimitrije Ljotić, whose Serbian Volunteer Corps provided him with weapons, food, typewriters, and other supplies. He also worked with Nedić, who promoted him to the rank of lieutenant colonel and appointed him assistant to the commander of the Serbian Volunteer Corps.
In the spring of 1944, Đurišić, with assistance from the Germans, Nedić, and Ljotić, established the Montenegrin Volunteer Corps, which was formally a part of the Serbian Volunteer Corps. The Corps consisted of some of Đurišić's former soldiers who had been released from German captivity, but the majority were Chetniks that had remained in Montenegro and were gathered under the umbrella term "national forces". By this time, although he still formally owed allegiance to Yugoslavia through Mihailović, he also owed some allegiance to the Germans and to Nedić who had released, promoted and supported him. Đurišić developed the Montenegrin Volunteer Corps in Montenegro and Sandžak to a strength of between 7,000 and 8,000 men. Lieutenant Heusz, former German liaison officer for Sandžak Chetnik commander Vojislav Lukačević, was assigned to watch Đurišić. On 30 May 1944, Heusz sent a detailed briefing with instructions that Đurišić was responsible "for control and assuring of the execution of the directives issued by the German command posts" and "liaison between the staffs and units of the Montenegrin Volunteer Corps on the one hand and the German command posts on the other, especially in the course of operations against the bands Partisans." Collaboration between the Đurišić's forces and the Germans continued through the summer and on into autumn of 1944. On 13 July 1944, Radio Belgrade praised Đurišić "for his services to the Axis cause".
On 11 October 1944, the German Plenipotentiary General in Montenegro, "Generalmajor" (Brigadier) Wilhem Keiper, awarded Đurišić the Iron Cross (2nd Class) in the name of the Führer and the German High Command.
Withdrawal from Montenegro and destruction.
With the fall of Grahovo, the Partisans from Herzegovina had a way into Montenegro and Đurišić had to withdraw. In early December 1944, the Germans and Đurišić's forces left, part of the way together, with the Germans going to Austria and Đurišić's forces to northeastern Bosnia to join Mihailović. Đurišić had wanted to withdraw through Albania to Greece, but Mihailović had told him to prepare for an Allied landing, the return of the king and the establishment of a national government. From the time Đurišić joined Mihailović in northeastern Bosnia, he was very critical of Mihailović's leadership and argued strongly for all remaining Chetnik troops to move to Slovenia. When Mihailović remained unconvinced, Đurišić decided to move to Slovenia independently of Mihailović, and arranged for Ljotić's forces already in Slovenia to meet him near Bihać in western Bosnia to assist his movement. When he left Mihailović, he was joined by Chetnik ideologue Dragiša Vasić and the detachments commanded by Zaharije Ostojić and Petar Baćović as well as a large number of refugees, totaling around 10,000. This force was formed into the Chetnik 8th Montenegrin Army, consisting of the 1st, 5th, 8th and 9th (Herzegovina) divisions.
In order to get to Bihać, Đurišić made a safe-conduct agreement with elements of the Armed Forces of the Independent State of Croatia (NDH) and with the Montenegrin separatist Drljević. The details of the agreement are not known, but it appears that he and his troops were meant to cross the Sava river into Slavonia where they would be aligned with Drljević as the "Montenegrin National Army" with Đurišić retaining operational command. Đurišić apparently tried to outsmart them and sent only his sick and wounded across the river, keeping his fit troops south of the river. He began moving his command westwards and, harassed by both the NDH troops and Partisans, reached the Vrbas river. In the Battle of Lijevče Field, north of Banja Luka, the combined Chetnik force was defeated by a strong NDH force which was armed with German-supplied tanks. This was probably the largest combat action between NDH forces and the Chetniks in the previous two years.
Following this defeat and the defection of one of his sub-units to Drljević, Đurišić was induced to negotiate directly with the leaders of the NDH forces about the further movement of his Chetniks towards Slovenia. This appears to have been a trap, as he was attacked and captured by them on his way to the meeting. Exactly what occurred after his capture is not clear, but Đurišić, Vasić, Ostojić and Baćović were subsequently killed, along with some Serbian Orthodox priests and others. The location of Đurišić's grave, if any, is unknown.
Both the NDH forces and Drljević had reasons for ensnaring Đurišić. The NDH forces were motivated by the mass terror committed by Đurišić on the Muslim population in Sandžak and southeastern Bosnia while Drljević was opposed to Đurišić's support of a union of Serbia and Montenegro which ran counter to Drljević's separatism.
Aftermath.
A small part of Đurišić's troops escaped and went west. Some were killed by Partisan forces who were located to the south of their intended withdrawal route west to Slovenia. The majority, left without a leader, were integrated into Drljević's "Montenegrin National Army" and withdrew towards the Austrian border. Portions of both groups were later captured by the Partisans in Slovenia. About 1,000 of Đurišić's Chetniks successfully crossed into Austria but were forced to return to Yugoslavia, where some were killed by the Partisans in the vicinity of the Austrian-Yugoslavian border. Most were taken to southern Slovenia, where they were killed and their bodies thrown into deep abysses in the Kočevski Rog area.
The killing of the Montenegrin Chetniks by the Partisans at Kočevski Rog was an act of mass terror and brutal political surgery similar to those carried out by the Chetniks themselves earlier in the war. It was partly an act of revenge for the mass terror carried out by the Chetniks against the Partisans and pro-Partisan segments of the population, and partly in order to stop the Chetniks from continuing an armed struggle against the communists, perhaps with Western assistance. Less than a quarter of the entire force that began with Đurišić in Montenegro and other Chetniks that joined him during the journey north and west survived. A few weeks later, Drljević, who had fled to Austria, was discovered by followers of Đurišić and killed. Đurišić was one of the most able Yugoslav Chetnik leaders, and his fighting skills were respected by his allies and opponents.
Commemoration controversy.
The Serbian diaspora in the United States set up a monument dedicated to Pavle Đurišić at the Serbian cemetery in Libertyville, Illinois. The management and players of the football club Red Star Belgrade visited it on 23 May 2010.
In May 2002, plans were prepared for a "Montenegrin Ravna Gora" memorial complex to be located near Berane. The complex was to be dedicated to Đurišić, who not only spent some of his youth at Berane but had also established his wartime headquarters there. In June 2003, Vesna Kilibarda, the Montenegrin Minister of Culture, banned the construction of the monument saying that the Ministry of Culture had not applied for approval to erect it. The Association of War Veterans of the National Liberation Army (SUBNOR) objected to the construction of the monument saying that Đurišić was a war criminal who was responsible for the deaths of many colleagues of the veterans association and 7,000 Muslims. The association was also concerned about the organizations that backed the construction including the Serbian Orthodox Church and its militant Montenegrin wing which is led by Metropolitan Amfilohije. The Muslim Association of Montenegro condemned the construction and stated that "this is an attempt to rehabilitate him and it is a great insult to the children of the innocent victims and the Muslim people in Montenegro." On 4 July, the Montenegrin government forbade the unveiling of the monument stating that it "caused public concern, encouraged division among the citizens of Montenegro, and incited national and religious hatred and intolerance." A press release from the committee in charge of the construction of the monument stated that the actions taken by the government were "absolutely illegal and inappropriate". On 7 July, the stand that was prepared for the erection of the monument was removed by the police.
In 2011, the Montenegrin Serb political party New Serb Democracy (NOVA) renewed efforts for a monument to be built and stated that Đurišić and other royal Yugoslav officers were "leaders of the 13 July uprising" and that they "continued their struggle to liberate the country under the leadership of King Peter and the Government of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia."

</doc>
<doc id="18566185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566185" title="Artists Anonymous Theatre Network">
Artists Anonymous Theatre Network

Artists Anonymous Theatre Network is a networking organisation for theatre creators in the UK. As of May 2009 the network consisted of over 1,000 different groups and individuals with branches in London, Scotland and the South East. The organisation aims to open a social space for creators of theatre to meet, discuss and collaborate. Artists Anonymous also acts as an advocacy group for its members concerns; both organising events for the community to address its problems and lobbying on its behalf.
History.
Artists Anonymous was founded in 2006 by Alexander Parsonage, artistic director of Finger in the Pie Theatre, with the aim of opening up social spaces for people involved with creating theatre in the capital.
Self Help Conference
On July 7, 2007 Artists Anonymous hosted an Open Space Conference on the subject of finding financial sustainability in the light of UK government cuts in arts funding as a result of their overspend on the 2012 Olympic Games. The conference was held at Middlesex University and attended by representatives of the Equity Actors Union, Independent Theatre Council and the Old Vic New Voices, as well as numerous theatre companies and individual practitioners. The conclusions of the conference were published by the Performance Initiative Network based at Brunel University.
2008 Relaunch
2008 saw an expansion of Artists Anonymous with Finger in the Pie project manager, Catherine Eccles appointed to run the organisation. PubClub was re-launched at the Phoenix Arts Club. Then Page to Stage, a script reading and development program, was launched to create a forum for developing new writing in collaboration with Jacksons Lane. Artists Anonymous also launched a series of master classes with the aim of bringing new skills into the network - as well as provide a networking environment based round specific interests.
2009 National Expansion
2009 saw the expansion of the network with franchises established in Scotland and the South East of England.

</doc>
<doc id="18566189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566189" title="Boris Batanov">
Boris Batanov

Boris Alekseyevich Batanov () (born July 15, 1934 in Moscow; died June 18, 2004 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Batanov played his only game for USSR on June 18, 1961 in a 1962 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="18566197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566197" title="Ravensbourne, New Zealand">
Ravensbourne, New Zealand

Ravensbourne is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin. It is located on the steep southeastern slopes of Signal Hill above the Otago Harbour. It lies on the harbour's northern shore, east-northeast of the city centre. Ravensbourne's 2001 population was 1,269.
Rail and road links between central Dunedin and Port Chalmers run through Ravensbourne on the narrow strip of land between the hill slopes and harbour. A cycleway also links the suburb with the main part of the city, which lies to the west on the far side of a bluff partly occupied by the Logan Point Quarry. One of the older harbourside suburbs, it has a distinct identity from the rest of the city's inner suburbs. 
The suburb is mainly residential, but is dominated by two large industrial plants, the Logan Point Quarry and the Ravensdown Fertiliser factory, which is located at the harbour's edge at the southern end of the suburb.
Ravensbourne contains a significant number of smaller homes, quite a number of which are occupied as flats by students from the University of Otago and Otago Polytechnic, which lie to the west. The suburb consists mainly of the Dunedin-Port Chalmers highway, State Highway 88, and numerous narrow winding roads which climb the hill to its northwest. Above the suburb is Burns Park Scenic Reserve, which occupies much of the upper slopes of Signal Hill.
The suburb, along with the nearby suburbs of Maia, Burkes, and Saint Leonards, are often collectively referred to as West Harbour. Under this name, the area was a separate borough for many years from 1877 until amalgamation with the city of Dunedin in 1963.
The suburb takes its name from the property of the first mayor of West Harbour, Thomas De Lacy, who was mayor from 1877 to 1878. The name was due to the profusion of weka in the area of De Lacy's property, whose cockiness reminded De Lacy of the ravens in his native Scotland. The Maori name for the area is "Kaitaki Tamariki", though this is rarely used today.
The smaller settlements of Maia and Burkes lie on the coast of the harbour immediately to the northeast of Ravensbourne. Maia, basically a suburb of Ravensbourne, lies to the northeast. Its name and the pronunciation of it mean that it is often mistaken for a Maori name, though it was actually named for the Greek mythological daughter of Atlas, one of the Pleiades.
Burkes lies to the northeast of Maia, and consists of one long narrow road running roughly parallel with and above the highway. The most notable feature of Burkes is that the South Island Main Trunk railway crosses a series of causeways spanning some of the small bays which run along the harbour's edge.
North of Burkes is the larger settlement of Saint Leonards, which was named by early settler David Carey for the English town of St Leonards-on-Sea, on the Sussex coast, which had been the birthplace of his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="18566202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566202" title="Miss Ellie">
Miss Ellie

Miss Ellie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18566221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566221" title="Merv Hobbs">
Merv Hobbs

Mervyn 'Merv' Hobbs (born 16 June 1942) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the VFL during the early 1960s. 
A rover, Hobbs is best remembered for a spectacular mark which he took in the 1961 Preliminary Final where Footscray upset Melbourne to end their streak of seven successive Grand Final appearances. His team lost the 1961 Grand Final comfortably to Hawthorn but he played in back to back Night Series Premierships in 1963 and 1964.
Hobbs often rested in the forward pocket and was handy near goals. In an era where Footscray lacked big goal-kickers, Hobbs contributed one and a half goals a game. He kicked a career best eight goals in a game against South Melbourne at Western Oval early into his second season. His season tally of 16 goals in 1963 was enough to share Footscray's goal kicking award and his 24 goals in 1965 won it outright. 
An injury sustained at training in the 1966 pre-season in which he tore his anterior and interior ligaments as well as cartilage in his right knee, ended his VFL career. 
It wasn't until nine years later that he returned to football when he took the field for VFA club Yarraville and later Brunswick. He also served as coach of Williamstown and Footscray's Under-19s.

</doc>
<doc id="18566228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566228" title="Maximum Security">
Maximum Security

Maximum Security may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18566258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566258" title="KLYT">
KLYT

KLYT (88.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian rock format. Licensed to Albuquerque, New Mexico, USA, the station serves the New Mexico area. The station is currently owned by Calvary Chapel of Albuquerque, Inc. Marketed as "Static Radio," the station's format targets listeners ranging from middle school through college with a mix of Christian rock, pop and hip hop. The station is heard via its main transmitter atop Sandia Peak, throughout New Mexico and portions of southern Colorado through a network of 15 translators, and around the world via Internet streaming.
History.
KLYT signed on the air in 1975 with a light contemporary Christian music format under the auspices of the newly formed Christian Broadcasting Academy. The vision of CBA founders, including Rev. Raymond Franks of Albuquerque's Evangel Temple Assembly of God, Paul Lehrman as Program manager, and Dave Briggs as Chief Engineer, was to train Christians for careers in secular and religious broadcasting.
The station went on the air with a 24 hours/7 days a week format, even though there were originally only 6 or 7 disc jockeys to man the studio. Mike Haverland, Donna Neff, Jeff Simon, Ron Parks, and John Duffy played records, made Christian message spots on 8 track cartridges and gleaned news from the Albuquerque newspapers for broadcast. In the beginning, KLYT was commercial free and the staff largely unpaid. Early brochures show CBA students working with television cameras and in the radio station. KLYT-FM was licensed by the FCC as a non-profit, educational outlet for CBA, and volunteers operating the station were drawn directly from its classes. John Duffy was among the first paid staff members for the station, which only broadcast only a few miles over Albuquerque's Northeast area at the time.
Good Friday, 1978 marked the first major turning point for the young station. A University of Texas graduate and New York City broadcaster named Victor R. Emert was introduced to the KLYT staff as the new General Manager. He had recently resigned as Executive Director of Drug Addicts Recovery Enterprises, a local, faith-based substance abuse treatment center for heroin addicts. Among the discussion topics during Emert's introductory staff meeting was the desire by the announcers to play the growing supply of rock, country and blues-based "Jesus Music" produced by artists such as Resurrection Band, Michael Omartian, Randy Stonehill and Larry Norman. Emert enthusiastically agreed to guide them in building the station into the premier "Christian Rock" station in the country. During this period, the station also helped book live performances by bands such a Mustard Seed Faith, Parable, Keith Green, 2nd Chapter of Acts and Phil Keaggy, whose records were a staple of KLYT programming.
Within a year, the station had a new Board of Directors. It also had a new transmitter located high above the city on Sandia Peak, thanks to a daring one day adventure carried out by Dave Briggs and Jeff Simon. The new transmitter expanded KLYT's listening range from 10 to 100 miles. The studios moved to new facilities on Eubank Avenue.
Over the next few years, Christian rock began to play a larger role in KLYT's playlist, culminating with the launch of the "Christian Oriented Rock" (C.O.R.) format in 1982. Under the leadership of Emert, Program Director Rudy Grande and Production Director Mike Scott the station emerged as an influential force on Albuquerque's religious scene and on the national Christian broadcasting scene. KLYT was named "Contemporary Christian Radio Station of the Year" in 1983 by the Gospel Music Association.
Through a partnership with Mountaintop Promotions, KLYT brought in monthly concerts by emerging Christian rock artists such as Keith Green, Randy Matthews, Daniel Amos, Petra, DeGarmo and Key, and other key players in the burgeoning Christian music industry. Students at area public schools would often hear KLYT during lunchtime in the school cafeteria as it was played in rotation with popular non-religious music stations.
The station's playlist during this period reflected a growing trend among artists that had already achieved fame in the secular music arena. Bob Dylan's albums were a mainstay (a very large poster for Dylan's "Infidels" LP filled the wall of Emert's office). KLYT listeners during the early 1980s also heard a broad range of Christian groups and solo artists that had hits on secular stations across the dial. Among them were Donna Summer, Michael McDonald (Doobie Brothers, Steely Dan), Kerry Livgren (Kansas), Mark Farner (Grand Funk Railroad), Philip Bailey (Earth Wind & Fire), Al Green, Dan Peek (America), along with New Wave bands U2, After the Fire and Kajagoogoo. Each of these artists crossing over from the secular realm had their Christian music channeled and tracked through the religious music industry. However, there was debate among the station's leadership on whether the station should play music from groups at the edge of the Christian music scene, including U2 and "Vinyl Confessions"-era Kansas. Though some of these groups never made the airwaves, KLYT released positive music reviews of their albums and discussions of the topic in the station's monthly newspaper, the "Sonlyght Special". 
In addition to KLYT's music programming, listeners were also offered teaching programs. This included the "Rock and Religion" program produced in Sacramento, California and hosted by Mary Neely (Mike Roe of 77's fame was a young producer on the show). Other shows included "The Glory of Man," hosted by Joyce Emert, the general manager's wife and a highly regarded professor of English and Religious Studies at the University of New Mexico.1 Emert, Duffy, Grande, Scott and others also taught classes in broadcasting at the parent CBA.
During this period, the bulk of the station's disk jockeys came from CBA's basic broadcasting class. Many aspiring broadcasters were able to obtain their Third Class Radio Operator's Permit through the CBA class, and gained valuable on-air experience hosting programs and producing shows for the station. The station also grew in stature within the Christian music industry, becoming a leader in youth-oriented music formatting and the development of relationships between the station's management and prominent artists.
By the mid-1980s the station began to experience trouble. KLYT's programming veered away from its roots as a Christian music station. Attempts to rebrand KLYT as a "positive" music station without a distinctly religious orientation were not well received by KLYT's listener and contributor base. Vic and Joyce Emert's marriage dissolved during this period. The net result was that the ministry's financial support base severely diminished between 1985 and 1986, bringing on the danger of bankruptcy.
With the departure of Emert, Grande and other core members of the staff, the station's board was left to make critical decision regarding the future of KLYT and CBA. An interim program director was appointed, and the station struggled to meet the paychecks of the diminishing staff. The board made the decision to attempt a revival of the station, focusing on what it was best known for, youth-oriented Christian music programming.
In 1986, CBA's board of directors elevated member Randy Rich to General Manager. Rich had served on the board since 1982, and had previously managed another Christian radio station in Albuquerque, KKIM-AM. However, Rich's claim to fame was his experience as an NFL player. After playing for the University of New Mexico Lobos, he went on to a career with several professional teams, including the Cleveland Browns, Detroit Lions and the Denver Broncos. Rich played the position of safety in the 1978 Super Bowl between the Broncos and Dallas Cowboys.2
To help facilitate KLYT's recovery, Rich brought on Tucson talk show and sports host Mark Gilman (KNST) to head up programming and host the morning show, as well as develop a new high school sports broadcasting ministry.
The High on Sports program became Albuquerque's best-known high school sports show, and included coverage of the state playoffs at least three nights a week. The concept was that the sports programming was a sure-fire way to be on campus every week, giving KLYT better access for ministry to youth. It was also designed to encourage students and parents to check out KLYTs non-sports programming in other dayparts.3 High on Sports also became a great source of grant revenue for the station. However, Gilman attributed the brutal schedule between his sports and morning show on-air duties as a factor in his divorce in 1988.
KLYT-sponsored concerts rebounded in the late-80's. The station's management regarded them as a particularly effective outreach for young people. Though popular and successful, there were some infamous highlights including outdoor concerts with Degarmo and Key during an 80 mile-per-hour windstorm, and a Daniel Amos concert overlooking a malfunctioning, "pea-green soup" waterpark pool (D.A. lead-singer Terry Scott Taylor refers the show as one of the worst concert experiences of his life). More successful concerts (Bryan Duncan, Kenny Marks, Kim Boyce, Resurrection Band) renewed the events as a hallmark of the KLYT legacy.
However, as KLYT regained ministry ground externally, Gilman decided to leave due to an inability to meet the schedule demands. Other stable and popular programs remained such as The Calvary Connection and All-Request Fridays with Dave Warner. Eventually, another Tucson import named Tom Terry (KVOI) was brought in to take over operations and programming.
Later, Rich brought aboard popular KOB-FM personality Peter Benson as Program Director and Heidi Chavez as Sales Director, along with and other key staff members as the station continued to strengthen its ministry. As vinyl records gave way to compact discs, KLYT regained its stature in Albuquerque's Evangelical community, and CBA expanded into areas such as concert promotion and magazine publishing.
The playlist under Rich's management held even more strictly to what was distributed Christian music labels, which were now operating within the framework of a mature music promotion and distribution industry. Rich's first move was to eliminate many of the secular crossover musicians from the play list, and out went Bob Dylan and U2 due to their wishy washy approach to their faith. This move was met with some outspoken opposition from some of the volunteers at the station. KLYT's new format was christened CHR, or "Christian Hit Music" as a counterpart to secular "Contemporary Hit Music" and "Top 40" pop stations along the dial.
In 1988, KLYT's stable of volunteer disc jockeys were clamoring for changes in the playlist. These concerns mirrored the cries for movement toward edgier Christian music that were discussed more than a decade earlier, and were a running theme throughout the history of the station. The station's management responded to these concerns by introducing a number of specialty shows catering to specific audiences. This included a Rap and Hip Hop show, a Christian rock "oldies" program and others.
Perhaps the most popular show in this lineup, Light as a Rock, was launched by Pete McConnell in the summer of 1988 as an outlet for Christian heavy metal, thrash and alternative music. This show became the bane of the station's management over McConnell's lack of desire to follow a playlist. The show soared in popularity among Christian heavy metal fans in Albuquerque. Later renamed G-Rock, the show gave a radio outlet to many Christian bands pushing the religious music envelope. Under McConnell's, and later Walter Ratliff's, leadership, the show played early underground and independent recordings by up and coming artists and groups that would go on to wider success, including Moby, Sixpence None the Richer and Over the Rhine.
As changes were underway in KLYT's programming, CBA boosted its presence in the community by expanding beyond radio programming. Most significantly, it launched the magazine "Cutting Edge", a monthly current issues magazine in January 1991.
CBA also purchased a unique travelling concert stage dubbed "Swing Shift." This full-size mobile stage unfolded from a semi-tractor trailer bed, and allowed Christian music concerts and other events to be held by CBA throughout the state. Swing Shift bolstered KLYT's presence in towns throughout New Mexico as the station began transmitting to much of the state. Eventually, KLYT's signal was re-transmitted to nearly all of New Mexico's population centers. KLYT had grown from an Albuquerque radio station to a statewide media phenomenon.
A characteristic of KLYT and CBA's peripheral ministries during the early 1990s was the emphasis on conservative politics. Terry offered commentary segments during KLYT's morning show, and offered socially conservative articles as the Editor of CBA's "Cutting Edge Magazine." This included articles critical of local legislation on adult bookstores, the problem of street gangs in the city, and reaction to the 1991 Gulf War. After Terry's departure, the magazine took a hard-right turn under the editorship of Deswood Tome, and was shut down by CBA management in 1997.
The Christian Broadcasting Academy also embarked on international reach. In 1992, a radio ministry associated with Campus Crusade for Christ contacted CBA's management about programming Christian music for the Middle East. After and initial trip to Egypt by Randy Rich and members of the KLYT board of directors, Operations manager Tom Terry and Asst. Music Director Walter Ratliff traveled to the Middle East to conduct focus groups with area church leaders. Though plans for a KLYT-modeled radio broadcast via Radio Monaco never came to fruition, the project launched the international broadcasting careers of Terry and Ratliff.
KLYT and the Christian Broadcasting Academy were thrown into crisis again in 1999. During this year, CBA was in good financial shape, and the community's support of the station was as strong as ever. However, the failure of Randy Rich's marriage cast the operation's future into uncertainty, just as Emert's divorce had done 15 years earlier. (The station's General Manager was also the "de facto" chief fundraiser for the ministry.) Despite Rich's departure, KLYT retained strong support across New Mexico's Christian community. One month after his resignation, the station's annual on-air fundraising campaign exceeded its goals, and CBA/KLYT had a healthy savings and projected budget for the following year.
Even with the show of continued community support, Paul Saber, chairman of the Christian Broadcasting Academy's board (as well as a member of Calvary Chapel of Albuquerque's board), spearheaded an effort to have KLYT and its assets "gifted" to the Calvary Chapel of Albuquerque. In 2000, Saber also sold off his Albuquerque McDonald's restaurant franchises, and eventually moved to San Diego, California.
Non-Calvary members of the board were in the minority during the station's transfer process. A number of local Christian leaders lamented the single-church takeover of a station that had operated for 25 years by a network of Evangelical churches from a variety of denominations. The Christian Broadcasting Academy was dissolved, and Calvary-Albuquerque took over KLYT and its network of translators on January 1, 2001.
KLYT's facilities were combined with those of the church's commercial radio station, KNKT-FM (107.1). The staff was reduced over time, and automation increasingly replaced live announcers in most dayparts. KLYT's Peter Benson stayed on as a talk show host on KNKT and in programming the new KLYT, dubbed M88. By 2005, KLYT alumni Steve Reimann had rejoined the station's staff, and The Echoing Green's Joey Belville joined as music and special events director.
Later, KLYT's ownership by Calvary-Albuquerque became a key component of a pastoral shakeup at the church. In 2004, Calvary pastor Skip Heitzig left the church he founded to return to California. His hand-picked successor, Pete Nelson, later claimed Heitzig asked to have KLYT's ownership transferred to a corporation controlled by Heitzig. This transfer was voted down by local members of Calvary-Albuquerque's board.4
Since its transfer, KLYT's funding has come from the church's tithing and donations, as well as from the sale of merchandise related to Heitzig and the network of Calvary Chapel churches around the country. The station also runs a limited number of grant announcements from companies around Albuquerque that donate to the station.
Despite the occasional turmoil throughout KLYT's three decades of youth-oriented radio programming, the station has maintained a strong standing in New Mexico's Evangelical community. It is often cited as one of the longest lasting stations of its kind, and has been periodically recognized by the Gospel Music Association and the National Religious Broadcasters association.
On June 27, 2011 KLYT shifted its format to Christian rock, rebranded as "Static Radio".
Translators.
In addition to the main station, KLYT is relayed by an additional 14 translators to widen its broadcast area.
References.
1. "Local Service Set for UNM Teacher," Albuquerque Journal (New Mexico), January 28, 1995, C9.
2. Kailer, J.D. "Divine Interventions," Albuquerque Journal, December 15, 1996, D1.
3. Herron, Gary. "DNHS, Carlsbad To Meet," Albuquerque Journal, May 16, 1998 D3.
4. Webb, Andrew. "Gift of Radio Station to Calvary Sparked Little Static," Albuquerque Journal, March 20, 2006 A1.

</doc>
<doc id="18566274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566274" title="Enhanced cooperation">
Enhanced cooperation

In the European Union (EU), enhanced cooperation is a procedure where a minimum of nine EU member states are allowed to establish advanced integration or cooperation in an area within EU structures but without the other members being involved. As of February 2013 this procedure is being used in the fields of divorce law and patents, and is approved for the field of a financial transaction tax.
This is distinct from the EU opt-out, that is a form of cooperation between EU members within EU structures, where it is allowed for a limited number of states to refrain from participation (e.g. EMU, Schengen Area). It is further distinct from Mechanism for Cooperation and Verification and permanent acquis suspensions, whose lifting is conditional on meeting certain benchmarks by the affected member states.
History.
Enhanced cooperation was introduced by the Treaty of Amsterdam for community, judicial cooperation and criminal matters. The Treaty of Nice simplified the mechanism and forbade opposition to the creation of enhanced cooperation. It also introduced cooperation for the Common Foreign and Security Policy, except for defence matters. The Treaty of Lisbon extended cooperation to include defence and additionally envisions the possibility for establishment of a "permanent structured cooperation" in defence.
The Schengen Agreement adoption is considered a historical inspiration for formalising the mechanism of Enhanced cooperation. It was created by European Communities member states only, but outside of its structures, in part owing to the lack of consensus amongst all members over whether it had the competence to abolish border controls, and in part because those ready to implement the idea did not wish to wait for others. As there was no Enhanced cooperation mechanism back then it was impossible to establish it inside the Community structures from the start, but afterwards the Schengen Agreement was subsumed into European Union law by the Treaty of Amsterdam as the rules of the Schengen Area. With its integration into general EU law it was transformed from a precursor "Enhanced cooperation" into an opt-out.
Usage.
Enhanced cooperation allows for a minimum of nine member states (which amounts to one-third at the moment) to co-operate within the structures of the EU without all member states. This allows them to move at different speeds, and towards different goals, than those outside the enhanced cooperation area. It is designed to overcome paralysis, where a proposal is blocked by the veto of an individual state or a small group who do not wish to be part of the initiative. It does not however allow for an extension of powers outside those permitted by the treaties of the European Union and is only allowed as a last resort where objectives cannot be achieved normally. It may not discriminate against members, it must further the objectives in the treaties and may not fall within an area which is of exclusive competence of the EU.
The mechanism needs a minimum of one-third of Member States (nine of the twenty-seven in 2010), who file a request with the European Commission. If the Commission accepts it then it has to be approved by a qualified majority of all member states to proceed. A member may not veto the establishment of enhanced cooperation except for foreign policy.
Currently in force.
Divorce law.
With the rise in cross border divorce in the EU, common rules were put forward to settle the issue of under which law trans-national couples can divorce in the EU. However Sweden blocked the new rules, fearing the loss of its liberal divorce law (divorce law differs strongly, with Nordic liberalism with relatively "easy" procedures, being in contrast to more conservative countries such as Malta which has only recently permitted it). To allow those willing states to proceed without Sweden, in July 2008 nine countries put forward a proposal to use enhanced cooperation: Austria, France, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Luxembourg, Romania, Slovenia and Spain. Belgium, Germany, Lithuania and Portugal were considering joining them.
At a meeting of the justice ministers on 25 July 2008, the nine states decided to formally seek the measure of enhanced cooperation; eight states (the nine states above minus France) formally requested it from the European Commission on 28 July 2008. On 24 March 2010, when the law was formally proposed by the commission, Bulgaria was the tenth state to join the aforementioned eight and France. Belgium, Germany and Latvia formally joined them on 28 May 2010, while Greece withdrew.
MEPs backed the proposal in June 2010 with fourteen states willing to adopt enter the proposed cooperation: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Latvia, Luxembourg, Malta, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia and Spain. These states were then authorised by the Council to proceed with enhanced cooperation on 12 July 2010. Following the adoption of Council Regulation (EU) No 1259/2010 on 20 December 2010, the new law, known as the Rome III Regulation, are set to come into force in the 14 participating states on 21 June 2012. Other EU Member state are permitted to sign up to the pact at a later date. Lithuania became the first state to join the agreement when they were approved by the Commission on 21 November 2012. The provisions of the agreement will apply to Lithuania as of 22 May 2014. Greece's participation was approved by the Commission on 27 January 2014, making them the 16th country to join the regulation, which will apply to them as of 29 July 2015.
European Union patent.
The EU patent, specifically a "European patent with unitary character", is the second case of enhanced cooperation adopted by the European Commission and Parliament. 25 Member States, all except Italy and Spain, will join the proposal. (Croatia subsequently acceded to the EU in July 2013.) Towards the end of 2010, twelve states proposed to use it to work around disagreements with Italy and Spain over what languages a common EU Patent would be translated into. The unitary patent would be examined and granted in one of the existing official languages of the European Patent Organisation – English, French or German. Following the Commission approval of the plan on 14 December 2010, the Council of the European Union requested the European Parliament's consent to use of enhanced cooperation for a unitary patent on 14 February 2011 with the participation of 25 member states (all but Italy and Spain). The Parliament approved it the next day and the Council authorised Enhanced cooperation on 10 March 2011.
On 13 April 2011 the Commission adopted a proposal for an implementing the Council Regulation. Italy and Spain might drop their opposition to the proposal. During the European Council of 28–29 June 2012, agreement was reached on the provisions between the 25 member states and the necessary EU-legislation was approved by the European Parliament on 11 December 2012. The enhanced cooperation measures entered into force in January 2013, and will apply to a state once it has ratified the accompanying Agreement on a Unified Patent Court and this agreement has entered into force. The agreement has been signed by 25 EU member states, including all states participating in the enhanced cooperation measures except Poland, while Italy, which did not join the enhanced cooperation measures, did sign the UPC agreement. Poland decided to wait to see how the new patent system works before joining due to concerns that it would harm their economy. Entry into force for the UPC will take place after 13 states (including Germany, France and the United Kingdom as the three states with the most patents in force) have ratified the Patent Court agreement, but not before 1 January 2014.
Proposals.
Financial transaction tax.
After discussions to establish a European Union financial transaction tax (FTT), which would tax financial transactions between financial institutions, failed to establish unanimous support due objections from the United Kingdom and Sweden, a group of states began pursuing the idea of utilising enhanced cooperation to implement the tax. Nine states (Austria, Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal and Spain) signed a letter in February 2012 requesting that a FTT be implemented. After their parliamentary election in March 2012, Slovakia joined the list of states supporting the FTT. On 16 July 2012, Hungary introduced a unilateral 0.1 percent FTT to be implemented in January 2013. In October 2012, after discussions failed to establish unanimous support for an EU-wide FTT, the European Commission proposed that the use of enhanced cooperation should be permitted to implement the tax in the states which wished to participate. The proposal, supported by 11 EU member states (Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain), was approved in the European Parliament in December 2012 and the Council in January 2013. On 14 February, the European Commission put forward a revised proposal for the details of the FTT to be enacted under enhanced cooperation. The proposal was approved by the European Parliament in July 2013, and must now be unanimously approved by the participating states before coming into force.
Other arrangements between European Union members.
Open Method of Coordination.
The Open Method of Coordination is a method of governance in the European Union, based on the voluntary cooperation of its member states. The open method rests on soft law mechanisms such as guidelines and indicators, benchmarking and sharing of best practice. This means that there are no official sanctions for laggards. Rather, the method's effectiveness relies on a form of peer pressure and naming and shaming, as no member state wants to be seen as the worst in a given policy area.
The Euro Plus Pact is an arrangement for cooperating in economic measures adopted on 25 March 2011 by the European Council through the Open Method of Coordination and includes as participants the Eurozone member states, Bulgaria, Denmark, Lithuania, Poland and Romania.
Related treaties.
Although not formally part of European Union law, several closely related treaties have been signed outside the framework of the EU between a subset of EU member states due to a lack of unanimity. The Schengen Treaty was agreed to in 1985 in this manner, but was subsequently incorporated into EU law by the Amsterdam Treaty. More recently, the European Stability Mechanism was also signed and entered into force outside of the EU framework. However, a TFEU amendment which would incorporate the ESM into EU law is currently being ratified EU member states.
The Prüm Convention, a treaty for cooperation in criminal matters signed on 27 May 2005 by Germany, Spain, France, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Austria, and Belgium, was adopted outside of EU structures, but it asserts European Union law takes precedence over its provisions (if they are incompatible) and that it is open to accession for any member state of the EU. Part of its provisions were later subsumed into European Union law by the "Prüm Decision" of 2008.
The European Fiscal Compact is an intergovernmental treaty dealing with fiscal integration that was signed by all of the member states of the European Union (EU) except the Czech Republic and the United Kingdom on 2 March 2012. (Croatia subsequently acceded to the EU in July 2013.) Although the European Fiscal Compact was negotiated between member states of the EU, it is not formally part of European Union law. It does, however, contain a provision to attempt to incorporate the pact into the Treaties establishing the European Union within 5 years of its entering into force. The treaty entered into force on 1 January 2013 for the 16 states which had completed their ratification. Eight other states subsequently became parties to the treaty, leaving only Belgium having signed but not ratified the pact. Two non-eurozone member states, Denmark and Romania, have declared their intent to be bound by the fiscal provisions in the treaty (titles III and IV) upon ratification, while for the remaining non-eurozone states these provisions will only apply from the date they adopt the euro. Latvia became bound by the fiscal provision on 1 January 2014 when it adopted the euro.
After two regulations utilising enhanced cooperation to establish a European Union patent of unitary effect were approved for 25 participating states (all but Italy, Spain and Croatia, which subsequently acceded to the EU in July 2013) by the European Parliament on 11 December 2012 the documents were formally adopted as regulation E.U. 1257 and 1260 of 2012 on 17 December 2012, and entered into force in January 2013. The provisions will apply once an accompanying Agreement on a Unified Patent Court enters into force. Due to a ruling by the Court of Justice of the European Union that the proposed Unified Patent Court (UPC) was not compatible with European Union law, it was decided that the court would be established by an intergovernmental treaty between the participating states outside the framework of the EU. The Agreement on a Unified Patent Court was published by the Council of the European Union on 11 January 2013, and was signed on 19 February 2013 by 24 EU member states, including all states participating in the enhanced cooperation measures except Bulgaria and Poland, while Italy, which did not join the enhanced cooperation measures, did sign the UPC agreement. The agreement is open for accession to all remaining EU member states, and Bulgaria signed the agreement on 5 March after finalizing their internal procedures. Meanwhile, Poland decided to wait to see how the new patent system works before joining due to concerns that it would harm their economy. While Italy is not participating in the unitary patent regulations, signing the UPC agreement will allow the new court to handle traditional patents issued in the country. Entry into force for the UPC will take place after 13 states (including Germany, France and the United Kingdom as the three states with the most patents in force) have ratified the Patent Court agreement, but not before 1 January 2014.
Other proposed arrangements between European Union members.
European Defence Initiative.
The European Defence Initiative was a proposal for enhanced European Union defence cooperation presented by France, Germany, Belgium and Luxembourg in Brussels on 29 April 2003, before the extension of the coverage of the enhanced cooperation procedure to defence matters.
Permanent Structured Cooperation in Defence.
The Treaty of Lisbon added the possibility for those members whose military capabilities fulfill higher criteria and which have made more binding commitments to one another in this area with a view to the most demanding missions shall establish permanent structured cooperation within the EU framework (PSCD).
Those states shall notify their intention to the Council and to the High Representative. The Council then adopts, by qualified majority a decision establishing permanent structured cooperation and determining the list of participating Member States. Any other member state, that fulfills the criteria and wishes to participate, can join the PSCD following the same procedure, but in the voting for the decision will participate only the states already part of the PSCD. If a participating state no longer fulfills the criteria a decision suspending its participation is taken by the same procedure as for accepting new participants, but excluding the concerned state from the voting procedure. If a participating state wishes to withdraw from PSCD it just notifies the Council to remove it from the list of participants. All other decisions and recommendations of the Council concerning PSCD issues unrelated to the list of participants are taken by unanimity of the participating states.
The criteria established in the PSCD Protocol are the following:
As of October 2010 there is no announcement for PSCD establishment.

</doc>
<doc id="18566277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566277" title="Policy laundering">
Policy laundering

Policy laundering is the disguising of the origins of political decisions, laws, or international treaties. The term is based on the similar money laundering.
Hiding responsibility for a policy or decision.
One common method for policy laundering is the use of international treaties which are formulated in secrecy. Afterwards it is not possible to find out who opted for which part of the treaty. Each person can claim that it was not them who demanded a certain paragraph but that they had to agree to the overall "compromise".
Examples that could be considered as "policy laundering" are the WTO Treaties, WIPO, the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA), or the failed Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe.
Hiding the real objective of a policy.
One manifestation of policy laundering is claiming a different underlying objective for a policy than is actually the case. The usual reason for politicians following this approach is that the real objective is unpopular with the public. The usual process is to conflate the issue being addressed with an unrelated matter of great public concern. The intervention pursued is presented as addressing an issue of great public concern rather than the underlying objective. 
Circumventing the regular approval process.
Yet another manifestation of policy laundering is to implement legal policy which a subset of legislators desire but would normally not be able to obtain approval through regular means.
An example of policy laundering where law was enacted and enforced despite both state and federal courts declaring the law unconstitutional is the "Missouri v. Holland" case. At that time, Congress attempted to protect migratory birds by statutory law. However, both state and federal courts declared that law unconstitutional. Not to be denied, authorized parties subsequently negotiated and ratified a treaty with Canada to achieve the same purpose. Once the treaty was in place, Congress then passed the Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918 to enforce the treaty. In "Missouri v. Holland", the United States Supreme Court upheld that the new law was constitutional in order to support the treaty.
It has been suggested that policy laundering has become common political practice in areas related to terrorism and the erosion of civil liberties. In the air-travel industry, an example of policy laundering might be the requirement for passengers to show photographic identification. This was presented as addressing security concerns, but from the airline's perspective the measure had the important effect of ending unauthorised resale by passengers of unused tickets.

</doc>
<doc id="18566284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566284" title="Shadow market">
Shadow market

The shadow market, or shadowmarket, is the inventory of investor owned single-family homes, townhouses, and condos that attract renters away from traditional apartment complexes.

</doc>
<doc id="18566294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566294" title="Flagstaff, New Zealand">
Flagstaff, New Zealand

There are two places in New Zealand called Flagstaff:
There is also a Flagstaff Hill, New Zealand in the Bay of Islands

</doc>
<doc id="18566307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566307" title="Mountain Leader">
Mountain Leader

A "Mountain Leader" is a military professional specialising in delivering training for, or leading, operations in high altitude or extremely low temperature environments.
Mountain Leader (UK).
The conduct of warfare in high altitude or arctic environments in the British Armed Forces is the province of 3 Commando Brigade, a formation of the Royal Marines with a number of attached army elements. The Brigade conducts annual training in the northern regions of Norway and has been deployed for high altitude operations globally.
Associated with the tasking as the lead force for Mountain and Arctic Warfare is the existence of the trade specialisation Mountain Leader (ML). Each sub-unit within the Brigade is complemented with at least one Mountain Leader who will have undergone training in the Mountain Leader Training Cadre, formerly known as the Mountain & Arctic Training Cadre.
Mountain Leaders (US).
Mountain Leaders (USMC and US Army) have extensive practical experience in a variety of mountain environments in both winter and summer conditions. They have well-developed hazard evaluation and safe route finding skills over all types of mountainous terrain. Mountain Leaders are best qualified to advise commanders on all aspects of mountain operations, particularly the preparation and leadership required to move units over technically difficult, hazardous, or exposed terrain. In most cases the Mountain Leader is the highest level of qualification and is the principle trainer for conducting mountain operations. Mountain Warfare Instructor experience at a mountain training center or as a member of a special operations forces (SOF) mountain team is critical to the Mountain Leader development. Below is a list of the additional knowledge and skills expected of Mountain Leaders. Depending on the specific AO, Mountain Leaders may need additional over-the-snow mobility skills such as snowshoeing and all-terrain skiing.
Other countries.
Some other countries have similar specialists for operating in cold and high altitude environment.

</doc>
<doc id="18566311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566311" title="Elisabeth Rotten">
Elisabeth Rotten

Elisabeth Friederike Rotten (15 February 1882, Berlin - 2 May 1964, London, buried in Saanen) was a Quaker, peace activist and educational progressive.
Life.
As daughter to the Swiss couple Moritz and Luise Rotten, she attended the "höhere Mädchenschule Luisenschule" during 1888-1898, later studying at the Victorialyzeum Berlin from 1904. In September 1906 she took the Reifeprüfung at the Kaiserin Augusta-Gymnasium Charlottenburg. She graduated in her studies in philosophy and German language and literature in Heidelberg, Berlin, Marburg and Montpellier. In Marburg she met with Hermann Lietz and Gustav Wyneken, which was vital to the future development of her thinking. In 1913 she published her PhD thesis under the title "Goethes Urphänomen und die platonische Idee" (Goethe's "Urphänomen" and the Platonic ideal) in Marburg. 
In 1913 she began lecturing at the University of Cambridge on German literature. In 1914 she returned to Berlin and worked in the "Auskunfts- und Hilfsstelle für Deutsche im Ausland und Ausländer in Deutschland" with professor Friedrich Siegmund-Schultze. In the same year she co-founded the "Bund Neues Vaterland", later the "German League for Human Rights". In 1915 she travelled as a representative to the 1st International Women's Congress in The Hague and worked for the foundation of the "Internationalen Frauenliga für Frieden und Freiheit" (International Women's League for Peace and Freedom").
In 1922, together with Beatrice Ensor and Adolphe Ferrière she founded the New Education Fellowship becoming its vice-chair for German-speaking countries and editor, of its German language journal which eventually came to be called Das Werdende Zeitalter. 
From 1922 she was associated with the school farm, Schulfarm Insel Scharfenberg, begun by Wilhelm Blume in Berlin and was a frequent visitor to the Odenwaldschule founded in 1910 by the educational reformer Paul Geheeb.
She was also a friend of the anarchist, Gustav Landauer, who was Minister of Culture in the short-lived Munich Soviet (or “Council Republic”) of 1919 before being murdered after it was violently suppressed. 
From 1926 until 1932, Rotten shared the editorship of the journal "Das Werdende Zeitalter" with Karl Wilker, an exponent of social pedagogy who transformed the Lindenhof in Berlin. The title of this journal was inspired by that given to a collection of essays by Landauer, which his friend, the philosopher Martin Buber, published in 1921. 
In 1930, Rotten co-founded a school at Hellerau just outside Dresden, where a garden city was established shortly after 1900 as part of a reform movement advocating modern housing.

</doc>
<doc id="18566328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566328" title="Charles Henry Morrill">
Charles Henry Morrill

Charles Henry Morrill (July 14, 1843–1928) was a prominent American businessman who played an important role in the history of Nebraska. Morrill County, Nebraska is named after him.
Biography.
He was born in Concord, New Hampshire, the only child of Ephraim and Mahala (Lampery) Morrill. His mother died when he was twelve, and he spent the remainder of his childhood living with his aunt Susan Gay and attending a nearby school, the New London Academy. In the summer of 1862 he enlisted at New London as a musician in Company I, 11th New Hampshire Volunteer Regiment. Three weeks later he married Harriet Zinnia Currier before leaving with his unit. He was present at many important battles, including the Battle of Fredericksburg and the Siege of Vicksburg and mustered out on June 4, 1865.
He states in his autobiography that after the war, he "took Horace Greeley's advice" (Go West, young man) and in 1866 went west in a covered wagon to establish a homestead near Marion, Ohio. Due to poor weather and being an inexperienced farmer, his crops failed for several years in a row. He was so poor he was unable to afford coffee. However, the weather and his fortunes turned around, and by 1870 he was producing both decent crop and a valuable herd of cattle. 
In the spring of 1873, he moved his family of five and one hundred head of cattle to Stromsburg, Nebraska. There, he ran a farm and helped run a small store "with 6,000 Pawnee Indians less than 25 miles away."
Business and politics.
When his sons were old enough to help with the farm, Morrill started spending less time farming. In 1880, Morrill became private secretary to Governor Albinus Nance. After Nance completed his term as Governor, they went into business together, forming the Bank of Stromsburg, Nebraska. He was afterwards President of the Lincoln (Nebraska) Land Company and also President of the South Platte Land Company, the Lancaster Land Company, and the Boston Investment Company. 
Morrill eventually began helping the Burlington Railroad explore the midwest territories to report on conditions and determine the best routes for the railroads. He made a considerable amount of money buying land where the railroad line would eventually come, and selling it once the railroad line was built. He went on many exploration parties through largely Indian-controlled territory and acquired a large collection of American Indian artifacts through trading. One of his guides was Colonel W. F. Cody, Buffalo Bill, who helped him explore the Yosemite Valley in Wyoming on behalf of the railroad. For many years afterward, Morrill was invited on a yearly hunting expedition that Cody organized for his friends.
His exploration work helped Morrill to establish the location for what became Scottsbluff, Nebraska. Shortly thereafter, he laid out a tract of land for a town at the western edge of the state and named it after himself, thereby creating the town of Morrill, Nebraska. In the year 1908, the Nebraska State Legislature divided Cheyenne County, and the part north of the division line was named Morrill County, Nebraska, in recognition of Charles Henry Morrill's contribution to the development of this part of the state.
Connection with University of Nebraska.
Charles Henry Morrill became a member of the Board of Regents of University of Nebraska in 1890, and was President of the Board between 1893-1903. Between 1890 and 1903, enrollment at the University grew from 300 to 3000.
While a regent, he was a strong benefactor, donating Morrill Hall. He also contributed funds for paleontological research under Dr. Erwin Hinckly Barbour, establishing the Morrill Geological Yearly Expeditions. The Expeditions populated the University Museum with a wide array of dinosaur and mammoth bones, and their finds were published in the volumes of the Nebraska Geological Survey. A new type of early American Indian arrowhead was discovered by the Expeditions and named a Morrill Point. Mr. Morrill collected thousands of American Indian specimens in the course of his dealings with the local tribes, and these were donated to the University Museum.
References.
Morrill, Charles Henry. "The Morrills and Reminiscences." Lincoln: University Publishing Co., 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="18566329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566329" title="Grivitsa">
Grivitsa

Grivitsa (, pronounced ; also transliterated as "Grivitza" or "Grivica") is a village in Pleven Municipality, Pleven Province, central northern Bulgaria. It is primarily known as the site of one of the key battles of the Russo-Turkish War of 1877–1878.
Geography.
Located 9 kilometres east of Pleven at an average 208 metres above sea level and lying in the hilly basin of the Vit River, Grivitsa has a population of 1,778 as of December 2009. The railway line connecting Sofia to Varna and Rousse runs through the village, as well as the main road from Pleven to Rousse, Nikopol and Pordim. The highest point of the Central Danubian Plain, the 304-metre-high "Sredni vrah" (, "Middle Peak") is just to the east of the village. The soil is rich in clay but suitable for agriculture. The area is also rich in limestone and quarries for its extraction have been built in several places.
History.
The village's location has shifted several times, with the earliest known settlement being in the "Ezero" area to the south of modern Grivitsa, identified with the time after the Ottoman conquest of Bulgaria (14th-15th century). The plague forced the locals to move to the present location. The legend surrounding the image's name asserts that the area between Trastenik and Slavyanovo, including Grivitsa, was the feud ("vakıf") of an Ottoman noble known as Trastenik Pasha, who was an avid dove- and bee-keeper. He is thought to have built a dove-cot and an apiary in the "Rogultsi" area near today's Grivitsa, and bred Wood Pigeons (known as гривяк, "grivyak" in Bulgarian). Gradually, the locals came to be known as "grivatsi" and the village as "Grivitsa".
During the Russo-Turkish War of 1877–1878, Grivitsa was the location of an important Ottoman position featuring several redoubts and acting as part of the defensive fortifications of Pleven. The Battle of Grivitsa was part of the prolonged Siege of Plevna which resulted in the death of many Russian and particularly Romanian soldiers: the losses of the Romanian units in this battle were the largest for the entire war.
Grivitsa has a school built in 1916, as well as a park arranged in 1956 and a museum opened in 1967, both commemorating the events of 1877. A Romanian mausoleum with an ossuary was built in 1892–1897 using funds collected by the Romanian people and opened in 1902. In honour of the battle, several communes and neighbourhoods in Romania bear the name "Griviţa", a Romanian rendition of the village's name.

</doc>
<doc id="18566338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566338" title="Hollis Steeves">
Hollis Steeves

Hollis Steeves (born March 5, 1935) is a farmer and former political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He represented Petitcodiac in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1987 to 1991 and from 1995 to 1999 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Moncton, New Brunswick, the son of Stanley Steeves, and educated at the Ontario Police College. Steeves was a police officer in Ontario for several years. He returned to New Brunswick, where he became a cattle farmer, also raising horses. He married Ilse Klingenhoff. Steeves ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1982. He retired from politics in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18566371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566371" title="Crush (David Archuleta song)">
Crush (David Archuleta song)

"Crush" is the debut single by "American Idol" season seven runner-up David Archuleta. It was first released to radio stations via New York City's radio station Z100 on August 1, 2008, and commercially in the United States on August 12, 2008, through digital distribution. "Crush" was produced by Emanuel Kiriakou and co-written by Kiriakou, Jess Cates and Dave Hodges.
The song was recorded for his self-titled first album, which was released on November 11, 2008.
Reception.
"Crush" was met with positive reviews by many critics.
Chuck Taylor of "Billboard" praised it for being a suitable match for Archuleta, citing it as a "hummable, age-appropriate midtempo pop ditty for the 17-year-old, showcasing his fine mass-appeal vocal stylings with creamy harmonies and some nice falsetto effects." He also predicted chart success for the song, saying "'Crush' is likely to put its money where its title is on the charts."
Michael Slezak of "Entertainment Weekly" called the song "surprisingly good!" as well as "hip and contemporary." He stated, "David adroitly walks the line between giving his core fans their fill of vocal runs while showing enough restraint that he won't automatically alienate non-Idol-loving listeners."
"Blender Magazine" also praised the song, giving it three and a half out of five stars and claiming to have "just listened to the thing six times in a row and we're not terribly angry about spin seven." They also liked that the song seemed perfectly crafted for radio, saying, "Songs like "Crush" are great because they sound as if the radio immaculately conceived them."
Ken Barnes of "USA Today" liked the "effortless glides into falsetto and some rousing moments in the bridge and chorus", but also said it "tends to plod", and "could become pretty tedious with repetition."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Declan Whitebloom. The music video was first leaked on September 7, 2008, through AOL, initially restricted to Canada and then released on September 16, 2008, on iTunes. The video now has over 30 million hits on YouTube.
It consists of Archuleta on a vacation trying to get the attention of a girl (played by Hagood Coxe) on whom he apparently has a crush. At the beginning, several teens go swimming in the lake near their summer house, with one of the guys flirting with the girl in the water. After they have finished swimming, the guy runs off, while Archuleta stays behind to help the girl out of the lake. The group is also shown in a cabin playing a game involving post its, while Archuleta is also shown playing his guitar in the cabin. Another scene shows the group by a campfire with several of them paired off into couples. At the end, Archuleta goes out on the deck of the cabin, and the girl follows him out, showing that she shares his feelings. Archuleta is also shown playing the piano near a lake throughout the video.
Chart performance.
After being released digitally in the U.S., "Crush" entered at the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number two in the week of August 21, 2008, with 166,000 copies sold in its first week. This was the highest entry for a song on the Hot 100 in 2008 and the highest for any song on this chart since Fall Out Boy's "This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race", which also entered the chart at number two, in the chart week of February 3, 2007.
"Crush" entered the "Billboard" Pop 100, at number 93 and peaked at number12; it also made the top ten on the "Billboard" Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart. The song entered the Canadian Hot 100 at number seven in the same week.
The single has sold 2,082,000 copies as of October 2012 according to Nielsen SoundScan.
"Crush" was released digitally in UK on February 23, 2009, although no physical CD single was released.
"Crush" was awarded for Choice Music Love Song, in Teen Choice Awards 2009.
It also received 'BMI Pop Award' in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18566373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566373" title="Allenhurst (Scott County, Kentucky)">
Allenhurst (Scott County, Kentucky)

Allenhurst, also known as Oakland, is an historic site located in Scott County, Kentucky west of Georgetown on Cane Run Pike. The Greek Revival house, designed by Thomas Lewinski, was built in 1850. The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 2, 1973.
History.
In 1837, William G. and Polly Craig acquired property west of Georgetown in Scott County, Kentucky from William Suggett, Polly's father. Craig was a Baptist minister and faculty member at Georgetown College. He constructed a Greek Revival mansion on the land in 1850 and called it Oakland.
According to local legend, as recounted by Ann Bolton in "A History of Scott County as Told by Selected Buildings" (1989), Craig called on his cousin to act as contractor for construction of the mansion. Newton Craig, superintendent of the state penitentiary, had the house built by convict labor. The superintendent earned $21,826 and the state $37,899 in the transaction. 
H.C. Allen, known for developing the first American Aberdeen Angus cattle herd, purchased the property and renamed it Allenhurst.
Architecture.
Allenhurst was designed by Thomas Lewinski, known as one of the leading architects of the Greek Revival style. The exterior of the structure exhibits one of the most complete uses of the temple-style facade in Central Kentucky. The pillared house has a two-story high portico with four columns, and fluted Doric columns paired on each side of central entrance. The temple-style design features "triple windows set under stone lintels that are repeated even on the basement level." 
A pillared smokehouse with a hipped roof is located north of the great house.

</doc>
<doc id="18566374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566374" title="Antun Šoljan">
Antun Šoljan

Antun Šoljan (December 1, 1932, Belgrade - July 12, 1993, Zagreb) was a Croatian writer in a period of Cold War who appeared as a part of the literary magazine "Krugovi" (Circles, from 1952 onwards).
He wrote four novels: "Izdajice" (1961, Traitors), "Kratki izlet" (1965, Short Excursion), "Luka" (1976, Harbour) and "Drugi ljudi na mjesecu" (1978, Other People on the Moon), as well as short stories, theatre and radio plays and poems. He wrote novels under the influence of existentialism, about the alienation of modern man. He is one of the most prominent Croatian authors of what was dubbed the "jeans prose" (), an off-beat prose genre modeled on the J. D. Salinger's "Catcher in the Rye".

</doc>
<doc id="18566376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566376" title="German League for Human Rights">
German League for Human Rights

The German League for Human Rights () was founded on 16 November 1914 as the pacifist group Bund Neues Vaterland (New Fatherland League).
Other groups such as the Deutsche Liga fur Menschenrechte (League for Men's Rights, of which Walter Arthur Berendsohn was a member) were formed out of the BNV.

</doc>
<doc id="18566377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566377" title="Tsuyama Station">
Tsuyama Station


</doc>
<doc id="18566407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566407" title="Jamesoniella colorata">
Jamesoniella colorata

Jamesoniella colorata is a species of liverwort in the Jungermanniaceae family. It is found in the zone of the Antarctic Convergence. Samples have been found on the Kerguelen islands, Crozet islands, and the Prince Edward islands.
History of discovery.
Johann Georg Christian Lehmann originally described the species in 1829 as Jungermannia colorata. then in 1893 Schiffn. moved the species to the genus Jamesoniella. Kaalaas described what he thought was a new species in 1911, but which was later reduced to a synonym of Jamesoniella colorata by Grolle in 1971. 

</doc>
<doc id="18566411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566411" title="Ivy Cavendish-Bentinck, Duchess of Portland">
Ivy Cavendish-Bentinck, Duchess of Portland

Ivy Cavendish-Bentinck, Duchess of Portland DBE (née Gordon-Lennox; 16 June 1887 – 3 March 1982) was Duchess of Portland from 1943 to 1977 and afterwards Dowager Duchess. She founded the Harley Foundation, "to encourage creativity".
Parents (Algernon and Blanche Gordon-Lennox).
Ivy Gordon-Lennox was born in London on 16 June 1887, the daughter of Colonel the Hon. Lord Algernon Charles Gordon-Lennox (b. 19 September 1847, London – d. 3 October 1921) and his wife, Blanche Maynard (b. 14 February 1864, London – d. 17 August 1945), who married at Easton on 31 August 1886. Ivy was their only child.
Ivy Gordon-Lennox's parents parents had a country house, Broughton Castle, near Banbury, which was rented from the 18th Lord Saye and Sele, and a house in London at #7 Chesterfield Street, Mayfair. Lord Algernon was the second of the four sons of the 6th Duke of Richmond (1818–1903), and his obituary in "The Times" called him "a notable social figure, whose popularity it would be difficult to over-estimate". He served in the Royal Navy, the Life Guards, and the Grenadier Guards, and was twelve years aide-de-camp to HRH The Duke of Cambridge, Commander-in-chief of the British Army. 
Like her mother, Lady Blanche Gordon–Lennox, who was knighted as a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 1919; Ivy Cavendish-Bentinck, Duchess of Portland would be created a DBE, almost forty years later in 1958.
Ivy Gordon-Lennox's maternal grandfather was Colonel the Hon. Charles Maynard, a son of the 3rd Viscount Maynard,
while her three Gordon-Lennox uncles included the 7th Duke of Richmond (1845–1928), Captain Lord Francis Gordon-Lennox, who died before she was born, and Lord Walter Gordon-Lennox (1865–1922), a Conservative member of parliament.
On 1 January 1912, Ivy Gordon-Lennox was appointed a Maid of Honour to HM Queen Alexandra, the Queen Mother. In 1915, during the First World War, she was Princess Victoria's representative in connection with proposed Nurses' Clubs in France, travelling to Étaples and Abbeville.
Marriage.
On 12 August 1915, Ivy Gordon-Lennox married William Cavendish-Bentinck, Marquess of Titchfield (1893–1977), son of the 6th Duke of Portland and his wife Winifred Anna Dallas-Yorke. At the time of this marriage, three portraits of the bride were painted by Philip de László. The couple had two daughters, Anne (6 September 1916 – 21 December 2008) and Victoria (9 October 1918 – died 29 August 1955).
Life.
From 1922 to 1943, Lady Titchfield was a political wife, her husband representing Newark in the House of Commons and serving as a Junior Lord of the Treasury under Stanley Baldwin and again under Ramsay Macdonald. In 1943, Ivy Titchfield became Duchess of Portland when her father-in-law died and her husband inherited his father's titles.
In 1977, the Duchess set up the Harley Foundation intended ""to encourage creativity in all of us"". She intended it to help artists by providing affordable work-space in quiet surroundings, to support the survival of specialist craft skills in an age of mass production, and to improve public access to the visual arts. The Foundation was granted a long lease of some properties at Welbeck and it now maintains three sets of studios there, with space for up to thirty artists and craft-workers, plus a Gallery and craft shop.
The Duchess died at Welbeck Woodhouse, Nottinghamshire, on 3 March 1982, aged 94.
Children.
The Duke and Duchess of Portland had two daughters, Lady Anne Cavendish-Bentinck, born on 6 September 1916; and Lady Victoria Margaret Cavendish-Bentinck, born on 9 October 1918.
The first daughter remained unmarried throughout her life and was known as Lady Anne Bentinck. In April 2008, at the age of ninety-one, she was reported in "The Sunday Times" of London to be the 511th richest person in the United Kingdom, with a fortune estimated at £158 million, largely in art and land. She died on 21 December 2008.
The second daughter, Lady Victoria, married the Italian Don Gaetano Parente, Principe di Castel Viscardo, on 12 April 1950. She had one son, William Henry Marcello Parente (b. 1951), and she died on 29 August 1955, aged 36. The Portlands' only grandchild, William Parente, of Welbeck Abbey, was appointed High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire in 2003.
Non-engagement in 1910.
In September 1910, Lady Blanche Gordon-Lennox took firm action to quell a rumour that her daughter was engaged to marry Edward Turnour, 6th Earl Winterton. A notice to this purpose appeared in the "New York Times", reading: 
Winterton married the Hon. Cecilia Monica Wilson in 1924, and died childless in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="18566420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566420" title="Innoshō Station">
Innoshō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18566431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566431" title="Alexander Chapoton House">
Alexander Chapoton House

The Alexander Chapoton House is a Queen Anne style row house located at 511 Beaubien Street in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1980.
Alexander Chapoton.
Alexander Chapoton was a descendant of one of the oldest Detroit families. His ancestor Jean Chapoton was a surgeon in the French army, and was assigned to Fort Pontchartrain, arriving in 1719. Jean remained in Detroit until his death in 1762.
Years later, Jean's descendant Alexander Chapoton inherited his father Eustache's masonry business and a fortune to go along with it. He later expanded his business and became an important contractor in Detroit, helping to build several commercial blocks and residences, including the Globe Tobacco Building. He also served on the Water Board and was appointed to a commission that selected an architect for the Michigan state capitol. Chapoton's son, Alexander Jr., joined the family business and eventually inherited a greater fortune than his father had.
Chapoton built this house in the late 1870s as rental property. However, Chapoton himself lived in the home until his death in 1893.
House.
The house is a three story brick building with its foundation placed at the edge of the sidewalk. The stone-faced basement raises the first floor several feet off the ground. The facade is asymmetrical, with a three-bay first floor upper floors of differing height. The brick and stone hoods over the windows vary from floor to floor. It is believed that the first and second stories were once separated by cast iron panels which were removed during renovation.
The interior floor plan is unusual, having space for Victorian Living hall. The interior still retains the original trim, staircase and parlor fireplace.
Later years.
When this house was built, it was one of a row of similar homes on Beaubien. In the years following the house's construction, the area around it was cleared for commercial development. The development was especially prevalent in the 1960s and 1970s; as a result, only a few row houses remain. The Alexander Chapoton House is one of the last examples of Queen Anne style row houses in the city.
The house was used as a rooming house for several decades. In the 1980s, it was purchased and renovated. Currently, the first floor is art gallery, studios are located in the basement and offices are on the upper floors.

</doc>
<doc id="18566432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566432" title="Mimasaka-Sendai Station">
Mimasaka-Sendai Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18566436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566436" title="2008 European Junior Swimming Championships">
2008 European Junior Swimming Championships

The 2008 European Junior Swimming Championships were held from July 30 to August 3, 2008 in Belgrade, Serbia. The age groups for this event are girls born in 1992 or 1993 and boys born in 1990 and 1991. The tournament is held in a 50 m pool. All events which are held in senior championships are included in the junior championships including non-Olympic events.

</doc>
<doc id="18566441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566441" title="Kinkead">
Kinkead

Kinkead is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18566472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566472" title="Hermann Lietz">
Hermann Lietz

Hermann Lietz (28 April 1868, Dumgenevitz auf Rügen – 12 June 1919, Haubinda) was a German educational progressive and theologian who founded the German "Landerziehungsheime für Jungen" (country boarding schools). 
In 1898 he taught at the progressive Abbotsholme School for boys, founded in Derbyshire, England, in 1889 by Cecil Reddie. Lietz was impressed by the Abbotsholme system of education, which combined comprehensive individual instruction with physical exercise and recreation. By 1904 he had founded three Landerziehungsheime, based on Reddie’s model, for boys of different ages, in Ilsenburg, Haubinda, and Bieberstein. Lietz eventually succeeded in establishing five more Landerziehungsheime.
Like the Abbotsholme model, Lietz emphasized sports, crafts, modern languages and science, while de-emphasizing rote learning and classical languages. He was a student of Wilhelm Rein, and was himself an influence on Gustav Wyneken, Elisabeth Rotten, and Kurt Hahn. His school was also attended by Elisabeth von Thadden. Lietz's liberalism extended to education and criticism of class privilege only. He was otherwise politically right wing and distrusted socialism, parliamentary politics, and the influence of urban life. 

</doc>
<doc id="18566478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566478" title="ARBH">
ARBH


</doc>
<doc id="18566480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566480" title="Amenominakanushi">
Amenominakanushi

In Japanese mythology and Shintoism, Amenominakanushi (天御中主 or 天之御中主神) was the first kami to come into being in the Plane of Heaven as a "solitary kami" (hitorigami). He was acknowledged as one of the zōka sanshin ("three kami of creation") and one of the five kotoamatsukami ("separate heavenly deities").
Amenominakanushi is found at the very beginning of the "Kojiki". Amenominakanushi was chief kami of the seven major stars of the constellation Ursa Major. As a result of this influence, Amenominakanushi was made a central deity at the Daikyōin in the early Meiji period. He was also worshiped within sectarian Shinto (kyōha Shintō ). 

</doc>
<doc id="18566488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566488" title="Sparse PCA">
Sparse PCA

Sparse PCA (sparse principal component analysis) is a specialised technique used in statistical analysis and, in particular, in the analysis of multivariate data sets.
Ordinary principal component analysis (PCA) uses a vector space transform used to reduce multidimensional data sets to lower dimensions for analysis. It finds linear combinations of variables (called "principal components") that correspond to directions of maximal variance in the data. The number of new variables created by these linear combinations is usually much lower than the number of variables in the original dataset. Sparse PCA finds sets of sparse vectors for use as weights in the linear combinations while still explaining most of the variance present in the data.
Several approaches have been proposed, including a regression framework, a convex relaxation/semidefinite programming framework, a generalized power method framework an alternating maximization framework forward/backward greedy search and exact methods using branch-and-bound techniques, Bayesian formulation framework.

</doc>
<doc id="18566493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566493" title="IHT Records">
IHT Records

IHT Records (stylised as iht Records) is a record label founded and owned by David Gray. His breakthrough 1999 album "White Ladder" was released on the label.

</doc>
<doc id="18566501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566501" title="Weekley (surname)">
Weekley (surname)

Weekley is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18566530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566530" title="Srinivasa Perumal Temple, Kudavasal">
Srinivasa Perumal Temple, Kudavasal

The Sri Srinivasa Perumal Temple in Kudavasal, Tamil Nadu, India is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Srinivasa, a form of Lord Vishnu. Kudavasal is a small town located in the Thiruvarur district, in between two distributaries of Cauvery river, Kudamurutti and Chola Choodamani. Lord Srinivasa appears with his consorts Sridevi and Bhoomadevi. Kudavasal temple's speciality is that it has the only north-facing sanctum of Lord Srinivasa in the World. 
The temple.
Shri Srinivasa Perumal Temple at Kudavasal is more than 400 years old. Kudavasal used to be a home for many Vedic Pandits and Scholars, who offered their daily prayers to “Lord Srinivasa” and conducted all kinds of Utsavams in a grand manner including “Brahmothsavam” for ages. This holy Temple witnessed several spiritual events including the most venerated “Soma Yagam” performed by great scholars like Shri. U. Ve. Agnihotram Ramanuja Tatachariar and Shri. U. Ve. Siddhanna Sundaram Thathachariar. The temple follows the traditional Vadakalai sect of Iyengars. 
The temple was established by Maharajah Krishnadevaraya of the Vijayanagara empire between the years 1509 to 1529 CE. It is believed that Lord Srinivasa appeared in the Maharaja's dream as an old man with the news that there is an idol buried at a certain location and has to face north to serve as younger brother of Tirumalai Venkateswara. The Maharaja personally used a golden plough at the location the very next day and the idol was miraculously dug out just like in his dream. The Maharaja bequeathed vast amount of lands to the temple. A scholarly Brahmin community was established near the temple for its upkeep. 
However, with the exodus of the community shifting their place of residence to cities, and with efflux of time, the Temple did not receive adequate attention and proper maintenance. Further, the income from the properties that the Temple enjoyed started dwindling. The last Samprokshanam to the Temple was performed in 1996 by the Board of Trustees with the help of Kudavasal Srinivasa Perumal Seva Samithi. During this renovation, the Temple Quarters was also rebuilt and a new ‘Transit House’ with basic amenities was constructed for the convenience of the sevarthis from outstations. 
Unfortunately, the beautiful Uthsava Murthis were stolen and with great efforts by the Board of Trustees, they were recovered subsequently. Thereafter, the Board of Trustees as well as the Kudavasal Srinivasa Perumal Seva Samithi took several steps to improve the security arrangements in the Temple. Thanks to these measures and perseverance, the Idols could be brought back to their original abode recently. Now, there is a proposal to conduct Samprokshanam afresh for the temple in view of last Samprokshanam was held in the year 1996. Efforts started with the Balalayam performed on 8 and 9 July 2008. The Maha kumbabhishekam was performed on 21 March 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="18566534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566534" title="Johannes von Nepomuk Franz Xaver Gistel">
Johannes von Nepomuk Franz Xaver Gistel

Johannes von Nepomuk Franz Xaver Gistel [Gistl] (1809 - 1873 or 1874) was a German naturalist. 
He was the author of works on entomology such as "Die jetzt lebenden Entomologen, Kerffreunde und kerfsammler Europa’s und der übrigen Continente" (1836).
He was also the author of species descriptions of reptiles, amphibians, and molluscs.
Gistel lived in Munich. Part of his collections are in Zoologische Staatssammlung München

</doc>
<doc id="18566536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566536" title="Pordim">
Pordim

Pordim () is a town in Pleven Province in central northern Bulgaria. It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Pordim municipality. The town lies at 155 metres above sea level in the Danubian Plain. As of December 2009, it has a population of 2,117 inhabitants.
Pordim is thought to be the site of the first ever telephone connection in Bulgaria, during the Siege of Plevna of the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78. It linked Grand Duke Nicholas Nikolaevich of Russia with Prince Carol I of Romania.
The town played an active part in the war of 1877-78 and boasts two museums, the Alexander II Russian Museum and the Carol I Romanian Museum, both houses in the authentic buildings where the two heads of state stayed during the battle for Pleven, commanding their respective forces.
Honour.
Pordim Islands off Robert Island, South Shetland Islands are named after Pordim.

</doc>
<doc id="18566539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566539" title="John R. Broderick">
John R. Broderick

John R. Broderick has served as the eighth president of Old Dominion University (ODU) since 2008.
As president, he guides the University's six colleges, more than 10 economic development and research centers, and numerous partnerships with government, military and business organizations and agencies. He oversees an operating budget in excess of $526 million and more than 2,500 faculty and staff members. More than $338 million in new buildings and building renovations have been authorized or completed on his watch.
Early life.
Born in 1957, Broderick is a native of Bristol, Connecticut, United States. He and his wife, Kate Broderick, have three sons and one granddaughter.
Education.
Broderick received a bachelor's degree from Northeastern University and a graduate degree from St. Bonaventure University.
Career.
Early on in his career, Broderick was a newspaper reporter in Connecticut and Massachusetts and headed tourism and business organizations in both The Berkshires and the Island of Martha’s Vineyard. Before coming to Old Dominion University, Broderick was a faculty member in the University of Pittsburgh system and an administrator at St. Bonaventure University. 
Prior to becoming president of ODU, Broderick served as vice president of institutional advancement and admissions and chief of staff to the president. His areas of responsibility included admissions, athletics, community and governmental relations, marketing, media relations, military affairs and student financial aid.
Presidency of Old Dominion University.
In the 10 years leading up to 2012, Old Dominion’s enrollment grew from less than 20,000 to more than 25,000. Broderick, recognizing the need to plan for the future, commissioned a university-wide study designed to establish institutional priorities. The study led to the creation of a comprehensive strategic plan that would provide the blueprint with which to make decisions for the future of the University.
Shortly after becoming president, Broderick introduced a University-wide initiative aimed at student success and learning, which included a $10.2 million Student Success Center and Learning Commons and the creation of a vice president position and division for student engagement and enrollment services. Additionally, he has worked to keep the university affordable and accessible, while maintaining academic standards. He was awarded the 2012 American College Personnel Association's Contribution to Higher Education Award, one of the national organization's highest honors, for his leadership in student success initiatives.
Old Dominion’s strategic plan called for the University to find new ways in which to engage the communities it serves. To support the economic development component of community engagement, Broderick presided over the launch of the ODU Business Gateway, a business-friendly portal to the University, and the Innovation Foundation, a foundation created to help streamline processes by which the University, its faculty and its students can participate in commercial endeavors. 
Broderick's pursuit of parity in state funding and responsiveness to legislative calls for more efficiency, affordability and access in higher education have led to historic levels of state funding for Old Dominion and several of its initiatives, in particular modeling and simulation, bioelectrics, increased STEM degrees and online programs, and student financial aid, among others. Over the past two years, Old Dominion received more than $30 million in additional funding from the General Assembly.
Private support for Old Dominion has also increased during Broderick's tenure. The university's endowment has increased $50 million, and private support has helped fund endowed chairs in research and sciences, as well as new or expanded facilities for every arts-related program. 
Broderick oversaw the renewal of football at Old Dominion in 2009, with the Monarchs posting the most successful record of any start-up team in FCS history. He served on the NCAA board of directors and as chair of the President's Football Championship Series advisory committee. This past spring, the University announced a membership agreement with Conference USA and a reclassification of its football program from the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision to the Football Bowl Subdivision.
The President and Mrs. Broderick enjoy attending activities that give them an opportunity to meet and engage with students. They are particularly keen to show their support for ODU’s many international students and share their interest in community service and athletics.
In 2011, they created the Broderick-Evon Award for Community Engagement and Service with the help of other family members who choose to remain anonymous. The award recognizes students who have demonstrated a commitment to service and civic engagement to the university and surrounding community through superior leadership and service. The award, named in honor of President and Mrs. Broderick’s mothers, was presented for the first time on May 3, 2012 at the University’s annual Student Honors and Awards Dinner.
The University's Board of Visitors voted in 2012 to extend his contract to 2017.
Board & Leadership Positions.
Throughout his career, Broderick has been actively engaged in numerous community and professional organizations. He currently serves as one of six college presidents on the Governor's Commission on Higher Education Reform, Innovation and Investment, is a representative to the American Association of State Colleges and Universities Council of State Representatives, and is a board member of the Hampton Roads Partnership, Urban League and MacArthur Foundation. 
He has lectured on leadership for a variety of institutions and organizations, including the University of Bologna and the Virginia Chamber of Commerce Executive Association. 
He has also enjoyed many years as a youth soccer league coach in Chesapeake.
Honors & Awards.
Broderick has been recognized for his contributions to higher education and the Hampton Roads community with the American College Personnel Association's Contribution to Higher Education Award, Virginia Center for Inclusive Communities' Humanitarian Award, the Urban League of Hampton Roads' Marian Palmer Capps Award, the College Communicators Association Distinguished Service Award, Lead Hampton Roads' Julian F. Hirst Award for excellence in community, civic and professional leadership, and a 2011 Visionary Award from the Hampton Roads Chamber of Commerce. He was a finalist for the national PR News' Professional of the Year Award.
Additionally, under his guidance, the university has been named a Chronicle of Higher Education's "Great Place to Work" for two consecutive years.

</doc>
<doc id="18566540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566540" title="Martin Harley">
Martin Harley

Martin Harley (born 1975, Cardiff, Wales) is a British singer-songwriter and slide guitarist. Specialising in folk and blues, he and his band have released five albums between 2003 and 2012.
Biography.
Career.
Harley moved with his family to Woking, Surrey, England as a small child.
He is the founder of The Martin Harley Band, a British blues trio and also performs solo as Martin Harley. Harley has been developing a steady solo career in the 
U.S. with the release of his first US album, "Mojo Fix" in the fall of 2012. The Martin Harley Band continues to tour in the UK and abroad and Harley balances both band
and solo careers. The band has a diverse appeal, attracting blues fans as well as a cult following amongst surfers. This may be due to tours and support slots with G. Love & Special Sauce, Ash Grunwald, Newton Faulkner and Donovan Frankenreiter, Carus and The True Believers and The Beautiful Girls.
The band are renowned for their live concerts and the obscure instrumentation they use, which includes a Weissenborn guitar, balalaika, cocktail drumkit, cajon and double bass. To date they have released five albums, all of which have been released on independent record labels with national distribution. Martin Harley first recorded a solo album in Australia at the beginning of his recording career. In 2012, he traveled to Texas to team up with Bob Parr, former LA studio bassist and producer and original bass player for The Brian Setzer Orchestra, and his wife, Claire Parr, to produce a U.S. solo album entitled "Mojo Fix." "Mojo Fix" features the first time that Harley has used multiple outside musicians and features a more rock-tinged approach with more use of his Weissenborn guitar. Guest musicians on the album include Santana and Steve Winwood veteran Walfredo Reyes on drums, McKenzie Smith of Midlake, and also Charlie Bisharat, famous violinist known for his work with Shadowfax. Harley has spent much of the past year traveling between the U.S. and the U.K. and opening for artists like Beth Hart, Five For Fighting, Good Old War, and Gavin DeGraw. He launched his U.S. release in Boulder, Colorado performing as an opener with Z.Z. Ward and has been gaining ground on non-commercial adult alternative
radio across the U.S. Harley was featured performing "Mojo Fix" on VH1's "Big Morning Buzz" TV Show, and also had two songs from the album "Mojo Fix" appear in the backdoor pilot of the CW Network series "The Originals", spun off inside the popular series "The Vampire Diaries."
In the United Kingdom, The Martin Harley Band are a regularly touring ensemble, and have toured with James Morrison, appeared on BBC Radio 2 on the Aled Jones, Bob Harris and Johnnie Walker shows. Harley has also been interviewed by "Guitarist" magazine, and featured in a three DVD set providing slide guitar tips and tricks.
The band are favourites of Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall, and have played several gigs at River Cottage H.Q., and appeared on a charity compilation album sold to raise money for Rural Revival and CARE International.
Harley is currently endorsed by the luthier, Andreas Cuntz.
Travel.
In 2005 Harley took part in what has been recognised by "Guinness World Records" as the 'Highest Gig in the World', playing at 21,000 feet up Kala Patthar in the Himalayas. For this concert Harley was endorsed by Blueridge Guitars. In early 2007, he spent six weeks wandering though Mali, Guinea and Senegal in the company of some of those country's musicians. The event was recorded by a French film crew, and a CD and DVD is scheduled for release. One of the sessions included Vieux Farka Toure.
In 2010, Harley undertook the "Blues Gone Green Tour", a 27 show, 1,200 mile acoustic tour of the UK by bicycle over thirty one days. The tour was supported by Sustrans, Villages in Action plus the Rural Touring Circuit and Surly Bikes.
Collaborations.
Harley's slide guitar work can also be heard on Kate Walsh's "Tim's House", Fink's "Biscuits for Breakfast", and Hardkandy's "Second to None".

</doc>
<doc id="18566544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566544" title="Western Heights, New Zealand">
Western Heights, New Zealand

Western heights is the name of three places in New Zealand:

</doc>
<doc id="18566552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566552" title="Lehavot HaBashan">
Lehavot HaBashan

Lehavot HaBashan (, "lit." Flames of the Bashan) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. The kibbutz is located in the Hula Valley around ten kilometres southeast of Kiryat Shmona, and it falls under the jurisdiction of Upper Galilee Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 490.
The village was established in 1945 by former Hashomer Hatzair members and the "Lehavot" gar'in, which was composed of immigrants from Germany and Poland brought to the country by Youth Aliyah. One of them was Dov Zakin, later a member of the Knesset. In 1947 the kibbutz moved to its present location. The name is derived from that of the founders' gar'in, together with the Golan Heights, also known as Bashan Mountains, which overlook the kibbutz. 
Economy.
LVT, a fire protection equipment manufacturer that specializes in the development of fire protection and suppression systems for the military, industrial, and commercial sectors, is located on Kibbutz Lehavot HaBashan.

</doc>
<doc id="18566564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566564" title="Nehoiaşu Hydro Power Plant">
Nehoiaşu Hydro Power Plant

Nehoiaşu Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant on the Bâsca Mare River or simply Bâsca River situated in Romania. The project was started in 1998 and it was made up by the construction of a dam with 8 mobile segments each 12 m high, which will be equipped with two vertical turbines, the hydropower plant having an installed capacity of 152 MW. The power plant will generate 328 GWh of electricity per year.

</doc>
<doc id="18566573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566573" title="I'm Not Single">
I'm Not Single

"I'm Not Single" (translates as "Aku Bukan Bujang" in Malay) is a sophomore romantic comedy film directed by Pierre Andre. It was released on July 24, 2008. A series of road tour has been launched to promote the film.
Synopsis.
The movie tells of a young couple Maya and Adam who loathe each other because they are forced into an arranged marriage by their parents. Maya's ailing grandmother wants her to marry as soon as possible despite the fact that she already has a steady boyfriend, Dani. Dani and Maya love each other and had even planned to marry previously. With the arranged marriage looming closer, Dani has to try and figure out how to stop from Maya been taken away from him forever.
Awards.
The film was nominated for two categories in the 21st Malaysian Film Festival, 2008.
Nominated
Won

</doc>
<doc id="18566585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566585" title="Harakiri (1919 film)">
Harakiri (1919 film)

Harakiri, or Madame Butterfly, is a 1919 silent film directed in Germany by Fritz Lang. It was one of the first Japanese-themed films depicting Japanese culture. The film was originally released in the United States and other countries as Madame Butterfly because of the source material on which it is based. The film starred Lil Dagover as O-Take-san.

</doc>
<doc id="18566590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566590" title="Márcio Senna">
Márcio Senna

Márcio Senna da Silva (born 21 May 1981 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer.
Career.
Senna transferred to Grêmio Barueri of Brazilian Série B on 16 May 2008, signed a one year deal. But on 23 July, he transferred to Vaduz, signed a two year deal and left the club on 19 Juni 2009.
Senna joined Chinese Super League side Dalian Shide in July 2010.
Personal.
Márcio is the brother of Spanish international footballer Marcos Senna and Marcos Assunção is his cousin too.

</doc>
<doc id="18566592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566592" title="Mikhail Tebenkov">
Mikhail Tebenkov

Mikhail Dmitriyevich Tebenkov, spelt Tebenkof in the United States () (1802 – April 3, 1872), was a Russian hydrographer and vice admiral of the Imperial Russian Navy. He is reputed for having surveyed the then little-known coast of Alaska.
Career.
In 1821, Mikhail Tebenkov graduated from the Naval Cadet Corps School and then served on different ships in the Baltic Sea for the next three years. In 1824, Tebenkov was put in charge of logging for shipbuilding purposes near Narva. In January 1825, he joined the Russian American Company and would later command the company-owned brigantines "Golovnin", "Ryurik", "Chichagov", and a sloop named "Urup" in 1826–1834.
Tebenkov surveyed Norton Sound on behalf of the Russian Imperial Hydrographic Service in 1831 and was the first European to sight the bay that now bears his name. Tebenkof Bay was surveyed by him in 1833 before he returned to St. Petersburg.
In 1835 Tebenkov sailed from Cronstadt back to Alaska via Cape Horn as commander of the Russian American Company's ship "Elena". He arrived in Sitka in April 1836.
He was perhaps the most outstanding Russian surveyor of the time, dedicating much time and patient work to the improvement of charts of the Alaskan coast.
Between 1845 and 1850 Tebenkov served as the director of the Russian American Company and the governor of Russian America.
His most famous legacy is the "Atlas of the Northwest Coasts of America: from Bering Strait to Cape Corrientes and the Aleutian Islands" published in 1852. The 39 maps of this atlas were engraved at Sitka by Kozma Terentev (or Terentief), a Russian-Alaskan creole around 1849.
Besides Tebenkof Bay, other geographic features of Alaska, like Tebenkof Glacier, Mount Tebenkof and Point Tebenkof have been named after Captain Mikhail Tebenkov.

</doc>
<doc id="18566605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566605" title="List of awards and nominations received by Saving Grace (TV series)">
List of awards and nominations received by Saving Grace (TV series)

This is the list of awards and nominations received by the television series "Saving Grace" (2007-2010).

</doc>
<doc id="18566615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566615" title="Esau Jenkins">
Esau Jenkins

Esau Jenkins (July 3, 1910 - October 1972) was the founder/overseer of Haut Gap Middle School in Charleston County School District. This school once was a high school because back then Jim Crow laws was going on and that school were for African Americans in Johns Island, South Carolina. Since then the population increased 500%.
Jenkins was a prominent leader of the civil rights movement in the Lowcountry of South Carolina. More information about him is available in the autobiography of his longtime co-worker, Septima Poinsette Clark, and in Guy and Candie Carawan's book "Ain't You Got a Right to the Tree of Life.'
In 1954, Clark and Jenkins founded the South's first Citizenship School. The purpose was to teach illiterate blacks to read so that they could pass a required literacy test to vote. This first class was taught by Bernice Robinson, a beautician and Clark's cousin. Reading and voting were the springboards for blacks to get on with a larger social movement. It naturally followed that demonstrations about voting rights occurred. The Citizenship schools, eventually managed by the Southern Christian Leadership Conference "played a critical role in building the base for the Civil Rights Movement", and by 1967 Jenkins was a member of the SCLC's board of directors.
More can be read about Citizenship Schools in Myles Horton's autobiography, The Long Haul.

</doc>
<doc id="18566642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566642" title="Bülent Kocabey">
Bülent Kocabey

Bülent Kocabey (born June 8, 1984 in Istanbul, Turkey), is a Turkish football player playing for Adanaspor, in midfielder position.

</doc>
<doc id="18566656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566656" title="Earl Johnson (ice hockey)">
Earl Johnson (ice hockey)

Earl "Ching" Oswald Johnson (born June 28, 1931) played one regular-season game for the Detroit Red Wings in 1953–54. His name ended up on the Stanley Cup. When the Stanley Cup was redone during 1957–58 season, Johnson's name was left off the newer ring. Johnson played three years of Junior Hockey for Windsor: 1948–49, 1949–50, and 1950–51. He also played in the minors playing in six different leagues in 13 different cities in 15 professional seasons (1949–50 and 1951–52 to 1963–64).
Career statistics.
&-name was engraved on the Stanley Cup
Personal life.
He is the father of actor Paul Johansson, who plays Dan Scott in American TV show One Tree Hill, and comedian Pete Johansson.

</doc>
<doc id="18566664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566664" title="Danilo Peinado">
Danilo Peinado

Danilo Javier Peinado Lorena (born 15 February 1985 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan football striker currently playing for Wuhan Zall.
Club career.
He has played locally for Defensor Sporting and Montevideo Wanderers. He also played for Olimpia in the Paraguayan Primera División and Oriente Petrolero in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.
In August 2011, Peinado was transferred to Segunda División club Recreativo de Huelva.
0n 8 January 2014, Peinado transferred to China League One side Wuhan Zall.

</doc>
<doc id="18566677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566677" title="Khadija Qalanjo">
Khadija Qalanjo

Khadija Qalanjo (, ) was a popular Somali singer and folklore dancer in the 1970s and 1980s.
Biography.
Qalanjo was born in Somalia. She is of the Samaroon sub-division of the Mandaluug sub-clan of the Dir Somali clan.
She was the first Miss Somalia.
Qalanjo's onstage performances often featured seductive hip-swaying and elaborate hand-gesturing. Her songs usually dealt with the pangs and joys of love unrequited, lost and regained.
Music.
Popular songs by Qalanjo include:

</doc>
<doc id="18566680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566680" title="Autoblog">
Autoblog

Autoblog may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18566701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566701" title="Rivaldo (given name)">
Rivaldo (given name)

Rivaldo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18566720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566720" title="Brianna Goldberg">
Brianna Goldberg

Brianna Goldberg is a Canadian journalist. She currently resides in Toronto, working for the "National Post" a national newspaper in Canada. Prior to that, she worked with CBC Radio One.
Early life.
She graduated from Carleton University School of Journalism and Communication with a Masters degree in Journalism.
African Banjo.
Goldberg was the first Canadian journalist to produce a work of long-form journalism, in the form of a radio documentary, about Canadian musicians exploring the African and early African American roots of the banjo through their music and instrument-making.
Although the topic had been widely researched in the United States already, no in-depth reporting had previously been done into musicians like Jayme Stone: a Juno award winning banjo player whose bluegrass and West African fusion album, "Africa to Appalachia," launched in June 2008.
Her work on this topic appeared on "CBC Radio One", "CBC Radio 3", and in the "National Post".

</doc>
<doc id="18566725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566725" title="Catherine Christer Hennix">
Catherine Christer Hennix

Catherine Christer Hennix (C.C. Hennix) (born 1948) is a Swedish-American composer, philosopher, scientist and visual artist associated with drone minimal music. Hennix was affiliated with MIT's AI Lab in the late 1970s and was later employed as research professor of mathematics at SUNY New Paltz. She currently lives in Berlin.
Musical background.
C.C. Hennix began her musical studies in the 1960s by exploring the music of the art music composers Iannis Xenakis and Karlheinz Stockhausen. Hennix met La Monte Young and Hindustani raga master Pandit Pran Nath at the Nuits du Fondation Maeght festival in 1970 and pursued studies with both men during the 1970s. Hennix also drew inspiration from the Japanese Gagaku music and early vocal, 13th-century music of Perotinus and Leoninus. Hennix frequently worked together with the American anti-art philosopher, composer and violinist Henry Flynt.
Musical works by Hennix.
All major compositions by Catherine Christer Hennix (for example her "The Electric Harpsichord") are regarded as a small part of an ongoing, endless composition cycle (music). 

</doc>
<doc id="18566738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566738" title="Henllys">
Henllys

Henllys could refer to a number of places in Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="18566740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566740" title="Schmöckpfuhlgraben">
Schmöckpfuhlgraben

The Schmöckpfuhl is a ditch in Heinersdorf in the Pankow district of Berlin. 
It meanders above ground and partly subterraneously through allotment gardens and settlements and flows finally into the Panke. It is probably fed of wastewater from the allotment gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="18566748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566748" title="Attila Korsós">
Attila Korsós

Attila Korsós (born 25 December 1971 in Győr) is a former Hungarian football player.
World Cup 2002 Qualifier.
From 2000 to 2001, Attila Korsós participated in 4 world cup qualifying matches for Hungary.
Career in NBII.
In 2003 he left FC Fehérvár (which was playing in the NB1) and went to Gyirmot SE (a football team playing in the Hungarian second division).
In the season 2005/06 he managed to score 20 goals in 27 matches with Gyirmot SE in NB II.

</doc>
<doc id="18566753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566753" title="Gigabyte M912">
Gigabyte M912

The first netbook offering by Gigabyte, the M912, is a hybrid tablet device able to function in both a standard laptop arrangement or, by twisting the screen, able to function as a Tablet PC device. It features an Intel Atom processor and comes preloaded with either Windows XP, Windows Vista or a customised Linux distribution. The hardware varies slightly depending on the OS chosen. The Linux Version for example does not include Bluetooth and has a lower resolution screen. Press accounts suggest that there may be significant heat and speed issues compared with other netbooks. Other criticisms focus on Gigabyte's choice to ship one variant with Windows Vista Home Basic, which lacks official Tablet PC support.
Features and variations.
Common features:
Variations include two models running Windows XP Home (M912X) and Windows Vista Home Basic (M912V) with a 160GB hard drive and a screen resolution of 1280x768. The Ubuntu Linux version, M912M, is expected to ship with a 1024x600 screen resolution and 80GB hard drive. Another, the M912S, is expected to ship with a 4GB SSD. Another expected model, the M912T, is believed to have DVB-T support. While the Linux powered models are expected to ship with substantially lower screen-resolutions, their screens feature energy saving LED-backlights.
Good OS inc, has revealed that the Gigabyte M912 will be the first netbook to be offered with their "Cloud" instant on browser based operating system, that will add instant on internet access to the M912 touch screen netbook.

</doc>
<doc id="18566757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566757" title="C. C. Coppedge">
C. C. Coppedge

Charles Clark Coppedge (February 2, 1830 – after 1866) was a Texas Infantry officer and a member of the Texas Legislature.
Coppidge was born in Dickson County, Tennessee. In the 1850s he moved to East Texas along with other members of the Coppedge family, including his brother, William Lindsey Coppedge. He started the first store in the community of Smyrna (Harrison County) in 1855.
In 1862, he enlisted in the 19th Texas Infantry and was elected Junior Second lieutenant of Company F, serving throughout the American Civil War in that capacity. Following the war, he was elected to the Texas State Senate in 1865 and served in the Eleventh Texas Legislature.
He was married three times and was the father of 20 children. Many of his descendants still live in the area of East Texas where he lived and served.

</doc>
<doc id="18566760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566760" title="Paranomia">
Paranomia

Paranomia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18566762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566762" title="FFC Brauweiler Pulheim">
FFC Brauweiler Pulheim

FFC Brauweiler Pulheim 2000 was a German women's football club based in Pulheim, North Rhine-Westphalia. It was founded when the women's section of Grün-Weiß Brauweiler in 2000 established its own club. The team played its last season in the Regionalliga, the German third division. Afterwards the clubs disbanded to join 1. FC Köln.
History.
In 1974 Thomas Meyer established a training group which became the women's section of Grün-Weiß Brauweiler. The team played in the top division from the beginning on and relegations in 1980 and 1986 were followed by direct re-promotions. Despite three consecutive wins of the regional "Mittelrheinpokal" in 1989-91 Brauweiler did not qualify for the Bundesliga at its inception in 1990. The following season marked one of the club's greatest successes as promotion to the Bundesliga was achieved. Brauweiler won the cup in the same season, being still the only time a club from the second division was able to achieve this feat. The club fought its way to the Bundesliga final, there losing to TSV Siegen. After winning another cup in 1993 and several second places in the league Brauweiler won its first and only championship in 1997. A week later the club's third cup win completed the Double.
With a fourth place in 1997–98 Brauweiler qualified for the single-railed Bundesliga, but several seasons of mediocre performance followed. Eventually the team was relegated to the 2nd league in 2003–04. A direct re-promotion was followed by a year of constant fighting against being relegated yet again. The retirement of several core players led to a disastrous 2006–07 season where Brauweiler took loss after loss, resulting in relegation without having won a single point. The second consecutive relegetion followed right away in a season that also brought financial turmoil for Brauweiler, leaving the team to play in the third division for the first time. In 2008–09 Brauweiler won the championship in the Regionalliga thus qualifying for the 2nd league once again. The club disbanded before the 2009–10 season to join 1. FC Köln, though.

</doc>
<doc id="18566764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566764" title="Welsh exonyms">
Welsh exonyms

The modern Welsh language contains names for many towns and other geographical features in Great Britain and elsewhere. Names of places outside Wales are exonyms.
In some cases, these derive from the Brythonic names which were used during or before the Roman occupation: for example, "Llundain" (London), "Cernyw" (Cornwall), "Dyfnaint" (Devon), and "Ebrauc / Efrog" (York). In Britain, towns were a Roman innovation. Many English county towns, founded as Roman "castra" and now having the English suffix "-c(h)ester", have Welsh names, in most cases using the prefix "Caer-". Examples include "Caer" or "Caerlleon" (for Chester), "Caerloyw" (Gloucester), "Caerwrangon" (Worcester), "Caergrawnt" (Cambridge), and "Caerwynt" (Winchester). In some other cases, Welsh names are translations of the English name, often influenced by the Welsh poetic tradition — for example, "Rhydychen" (literally, "oxen ford") for Oxford, and "Gwlad-yr-haf" ("land of summer") for Somerset. Some English cities which have developed more recently, but with which Welsh people have had commercial links through trading or other economic associations such as through population migration, have developed Welsh forms of their English names. Examples are "Bryste" (Bristol) and "Lerpwl" (Liverpool). A final set of Welsh placenames are those for settlements in England which lie close to the modern border with Wales. In some cases, such as Ross-on-Wye ("Rhosan-ar-Wy") and probably Leominster ("Llanllieni"), the English name seems to have derived from the Welsh name. In other cases, such as "Llwydlo" (Ludlow) and "Henffordd" (Hereford), the Welsh name derived from the English name of the settlement.
Below are lists of Welsh exonyms.

</doc>
<doc id="18566787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566787" title="Strandbuen">
Strandbuen

Strandbuen is a local newspaper published in Strand, Norway. It was established in 1964.
It has a circulation of 4,354, of whom 3,895 are subscribers. 
"Strandbuen" is published by "Strandbuen AS", which is owned 100% by "Jærbladet AS", which is owned 33.3% by "Dalane Tidende & Egersund Avis AS" and two other agents.

</doc>
<doc id="18566803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566803" title="2001–02 Slovenian Cup">
2001–02 Slovenian Cup


</doc>
<doc id="18566804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566804" title="Greek Vulgate">
Greek Vulgate

The Greek Vulgate is a version of the Bible written in Biblical Greek. Its text is from the Septuagint for most of the Old Testament with the version of Theodotion used for the Book of Daniel. Its New Testament text is the "Greek New Testament", typically the Majority or "Byzantine" Text. The Greek Vulgate is the "de facto" standard Biblical text used in the Divine Liturgy, Horologion, and other rites in all Greek-Language Eastern Churches - the Greek Orthodox Church: including the Church of Greece, the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople, and the Church of Cyprus - as well as the Greek Byzantine Catholic Church.
The term "Greek Vulgate" is commonly used in the West to refer to the Textus Receptus of the New Testament, although the Textus Receptus is not the common edition used in the Greek churches.

</doc>
<doc id="18566806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566806" title="Kronblom">
Kronblom

Kronblom is a popular Swedish comic strip created by Elov Persson in 1927. It is published biweekly in Sweden in the comic book "", along with a number of other comic strips, and in the weekly magazine "Allers".
Elov's son, Gunnar Persson, took over the comic strip in 1968 when his father died. Jonas Persson, Gunnar's son, started drawing the comic strip in 2006 together with his father.
Characters and story.
Kronblom is a man in his sixties who lives with his wife Malin in the fictional Swedish village Vinkelboda (partly based on Elov Persson's home village Torsåker). He is recognizable for his long nose and lanky body. He's also bald and often wears a blue hat. Kronblom has an aversion to work, which is why he's constantly broke. He spends most of his days sleeping on the kitchen sofa, much to the anger of Malin. To avoid chores given to him by her, he goes fishing or hunting. Kronblom hates his mother-in-law. When she comes to visit, he plays pranks on her so she will leave.
History.
In 1927, Elov Persson sent in his draft for a new comic strip to the publisher Åhlén & Åkerlunds. Persson, who had previously worked on the comic strip "Kaspersson" in the magazine "Smålänningen", wanted to be able to support himself on his comic strips. He hoped that his bald character with a long nose (later named Kronblom) would be appreciated by Åhlén & Åkerlunds, and the first Kronblom strip was published in the weekly magazine "Allt för Alla" on July 17, 1927 in Sweden.
The strip became an instant success, and in 1932 it moved to the Swedish magazine "Året Runt". In 1987, it moved to another Swedish magazine, "Allers", where it is still published. The strip can also be found in the Swedish comic book , which is published biweekly.
A Christmas album of "Kronblom" has been published in Sweden every year since 1930, that contains all "Kronblom" comic strips published that same year in "Allers" and .
Elov's son, Gunnar Persson took over the comic strip in 1968 when his father died. In 2006, Gunnar's son, Jonas Persson, started drawing the comic strip together with his father.
A weekly Kronblom comic book was created in 1997, but was canceled after four issues due to poor sales.
Kronblom has been the mascot of the Swedish football team Örebro SK since 1987.
Kronblom in other media.
Two live action films based on the strip have been made in Sweden. The first, entitled "Kronblom", was released in 1947. "Kronblom kommer till stan" () was released in 1949.
During the 1950s, a show about Kronblom, written by Gits Olsson, aired on the radio in Sweden.
Awards.
In 1966, Elov Persson won an Adamson Award in the "Best Swedish comic-strip (or comic book) cartoonist" category for his comic strips "Kronblom" and "August och Lotta". Gunnar Persson won an award in the same category in 1981 for his work on "Kronblom".

</doc>
<doc id="18566813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566813" title="Lifeline (Neal Morse album)">
Lifeline (Neal Morse album)

Lifeline is an album by Neal Morse. The album features performances from Mike Portnoy (ex-Dream Theater) on drums and Randy George (Ajalon) on bass, as well as special guest appearances including Paul Bielatowicz on guitar and Paul Gilbert (Racer X and Mr. Big), who features on a bonus cut. Live drummer Collin Leijenaar plays on the bonus track 'Set The Kingdom'.
Neal and his band first performed the title track, "Lifeline", live at the Night of the Prog Festival on the Loreley, Germany. It was also played at a concert in Trondheim, Norway, with a local band.
It was later announced that the album would be released on October 1, 2008. Unlike many of his previous releases, "Lifeline" is not a concept album.
__NOTOC__
Track listing.
All songs written by Neal Morse except where noted.
Bonus disc (Special Edition).
A special edition was released with a CD of bonus material, including covers of four "pretty cool songs by pretty uncool bands" as well as two original songs. "Set The Kingdom" actually ends at 11:00 and is followed by silence before the hidden track.
Reception.
Unlike the majority of Morse's work, reception for the album has been mixed to positive.
Radu Catrina of "The Dwarf" found it to be "an abrupt drop in quality" from what he considered previous excellent releases, and refers to "Lifeline" as "a descent into the often mind-numbing abyss of Christian rock".
According to Neal Morse's official website, TheProgFiles.com reportedly wrote: "Hands down, nobody in the industry does prog better than Neal Morse."

</doc>
<doc id="18566815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566815" title="Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 90 kg">
Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 90 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 90 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18566817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566817" title="Rivaldo Barbosa de Souza">
Rivaldo Barbosa de Souza

Rivaldo Barbosa de Souza (born 25 August 1985 in Salgadinho, Pernambuco) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Figueirense.
Rivaldo played for clubs in São Paulo state before moved to Bahia on 27 December 2007. After played 7 games at Brazilian Série B, he moved to Vaduz on 23 July 2008, now he is a Brazilian football player for Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="18566834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566834" title="Christiana Edmunds">
Christiana Edmunds

Christiana Edmunds (3 October 1828–1907) was an English woman who, in the late 19th century, became known as The Chocolate Cream Poisoner, when she poisoned several people by way of adulterated chocolate cream, killing at least one. 
Poisoning spree.
Edmunds was born in Margate, the daughter of Benjamin William Edmunds and his wife Ann Christian Burn. Her father was an architect who designed Holy Trinity Church and the lighthouse on the end of the pier at Margate. Her mother was the sister of John Southerden Burn. Edmunds was, by reports, a pretty woman, but suffered from a mental illness that went undetected until her poisoning spree came to light. It was while she was living with her widowed mother in Brighton, in the late 1860s, that Edmunds became involved in an affair with a married doctor named Charles Beard. When, in the summer of 1870, Beard had attempted to end their relationship, Edmunds had visited his home with a gift of chocolates for his wife. The following day, Mrs Beard became violently ill, but recovered. Dr Beard would say later that he suspected Edmunds had poisoned his wife at that time, but he declined to act on it, possibly fearing his affair with Edmunds being discovered. 
In 1871, however, Edmunds began obtaining chocolate creams, taking them home and lacing them with strychnine, then returning them to the unknowing vendors, who then sold them to the public, not knowing, of course, that the chocolates were poisoned. Initially, Edmunds was obtaining the strychnine from a dentist, Dr Isaac Garrett, on the pretence that she needed it to poison stray cats. When Dr Garrett told her he believed this was cruel, she began using a milliner friend, Mrs Stone, to obtain the strychnine. 
Edmunds also began to draw attention with her constant purchases of chocolates, at which point she began paying young boys to purchase them for her. By this time several people in Brighton had become ill from eating the chocolates, but no one had connected the illnesses with the chocolates. However, in June 1871, 4-year-old Sidney Albert Barker, on holiday with his family, died as a result of eating chocolates from a shop called Maynard's. The Brighton Coroner, David Black, ruled the death accidental, although it would later be confirmed that this was the only death due to the poisoning. 
Edmunds then increased her poisoning campaign, and began sending parcels of chocolates to prominent persons, including Mrs Beard, who then became violently ill. By this time, the police had connected the large numbers of ill people with the chocolates. Edmunds also sent parcels to herself, claiming that she, too, was a victim of the poisoner, in the hope that this would deflect suspicion from her and on to the shopkeeper, John Maynard, from whom the victims had purchased their chocolates. At this point Dr Beard informed the police of his suspicions, which resulted in Edmunds being arrested, and charged with the attempted murder of Mrs Beard, and the murder of Sidney Barker. After committal hearings, it was decided to move the case from Lewes to the Old Bailey, and Edmunds's trial began in January 1872. 
Her mother testified that both sides of their family had a history of mental illness. Dr Beard claimed that he and Edmunds never had a sexual relationship, but that instead it was merely a series of letters sent by her to him, and mild flirtations. The defence, however, was able to indicate that the two had in fact become involved in an affair, arguing that it was this that sent Edmunds over the edge. Edmunds was sentenced to the death penalty, but she was reprieved because of her mental state, life in prison being automatically substituted. She spent the rest of her life in Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum, dying there in 1907.
In Popular Culture.
The 1939 novel The Black Spectacles by John Dickson Carr is based on the Edmunds case.
References.
An account of the case is to be found in 'Death by chocolate: The serial poisoning of Victorian Brighton', Sophie Jackson (2012)

</doc>
<doc id="18566838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566838" title="Battle of Lochaber">
Battle of Lochaber

The Battle of Lochaber was a battle fought in 1429, in the Scottish Highlands, between the forces of Alexander of Islay, Earl of Ross, 3rd Lord of the Isles and chief of Clan Donald against the Royalist army of King James I of Scotland.
It is known as the Battle of Split Allegiances among the Camerons. This is explained either by the fact that they deserted when faced with the prospect of supporting their feudal lord against their king, or that different factions in the clan lined up on both sides.
Background.
Robert Stewart, Duke of Albany took effective control of the north of Scotland towards the end of the reign of his father Robert II, and his power increased during the reign (1390–1406) of his ineffective elder brother Robert III. He then became regent whilst James I was held captive in England. After Albany's death in 1420, the Scots paid a ransom to release James. James returned in 1424 determined to bring his kingdom to heel; one of his first acts was to execute most of Albany's heirs. Albany's grandson James Mór rebelled, attacking Dumbarton and killing the King's uncle John Stewart of Dundonald, but was driven into exile in Ireland and died in 1429. 
Throughout the 15th century the Lords of the Isles attempted to increase their influence over the mainland of Scotland at the expense of the Scottish kings in Edinburgh. In particular, the second Lord, Donald claimed the Earldom of Ross through his marriage to Mariota (Margaret), Countess of Ross. He tried to seize this vast territory by force in 1411, but this fizzled out at the Battle of Harlaw near Inverurie. Margaret's niece Euphemia inherited the title in 1402 but was persuaded in 1415 to resign it in favour of Albany's son John Stewart, Earl of Buchan. 
Margaret ignored the transfer and claimed that she had inherited the title on Euphemia's death in 1424, whilst Buchan's death the same year gave his first cousin King James a "highly dubious claim" to the title. However in 1424 James confirmed Margaret as Countess of Ross. In 1429 Margaret died and her son Alexander, 3rd Lord of the Isles claimed the title by inheritance from his mother.
James called a Parliament at Inverness Castle in late August 1428, at which Alexander, Margaret and 'nearly all the notable men of the north' were arrested. One theory is that James wanted to replace Alexander with his uncle John Mór as Lord of the Isles, but he was forced to release Alexander either as a result of John's death in 1429 or as a precondition set by John before he would negotiate. Some sources say Alexander was imprisoned for a few weeks, others say for a year; three other chiefs were executed.
Campaign.
This leads to the suggestion that John's son Donald Balloch stirred up rebellion in 1429 to avenge his father's death. However Alexander will have wanted to make a show of force in Ross following his wife's death, and his imprisonment in Inverness gave him a particular reason to take revenge on that town. His great-nephew's Raid on Ross in 1491 provides a possible template - capture the garrison at Inverness, then head north to ravage the lands of royalist sympathisers in Ross. 
Tradition has it that Alexander led an army of "upwards of 10,000 men". While this may well be an exaggeration by the chroniclers, the events at the Inverness Parliament appear to have forged an unusual coalition between clans such as the Camerons and the Chattan Confederation (Clan Mackintosh), who had been feuding for over a century. However, the islanders failed to secure help from England, which would have made the revolt much more serious for James. 
It seems that Alexander marched up the Great Glen to Inverness, where he burnt the city and besieged the castle, but failed to capture it. Without the logistics to support such a great army for long in the field, he seems to have started heading back for home in the west. The King gathered an army and set off in pursuit.
Battle.
The Royalists appear to have caught the clansmen by surprise on a moor or "marshy ground" somewhere in Lochaber, the district around Fort William at the western end of the Great Glen. The exact location is not known, and there is also some uncertainty about the date of the battle. Traditionally it was on the 23 June 1429, the "vigil" (i.e. day before) of the feast day of the Nativity of St. John the Baptist but some modern sources say the 26 June.
Faced by the Royalist forces, the Camerons under Donald Dubh defected from their feudal overlord to the Crown. Another theory is that the MacMartin Camerons went over to the King but not the Camerons of Lochiel, hence the Camerons know this battle as the "Battle of Split Allegiances". The Mackintoshes also switched sides. History does not record whether these changes of mind required inducements from James. However, soon afterwards the King gave the Mackintoshes lands in Lochaber belonging to Alexander's uncle, Alexander of Lochalsh.
After this loss of manpower, Alexander was either defeated in battle or fled without a fight.
Aftermath.
Alexander escaped to the islands and his first attempt to sue for peace was refused. So he went secretly to Edinburgh and dressed only in his shirt and drawers, he handed over his sword to James in the royal church of Holyrood Abbey on 28 August (or in early 1430). The Queen was impressed by his humility and pleaded for his life so Alexander was imprisoned again, this time in Tantallon Castle.
He was released in November 1431, after the collapse of Donald Balloch's rebellion in that year. After the death of the Earl of Mar in 1435, James accepted Alexander's position in Ross and allowed him control of Inverness. 
One theory holds that the battle of Lochaber was a defining moment in the early history of the Clan Cameron, at that time it was more a confederation than a homogenous clan and the MacMartins' defection reflected this. In this view of history, the MacMartins were punished for their treachery by the Camerons of Lochiel, such that the MacMartin chiefs were driven into exile and the Lochiel faction took control of the clan. Donald Dubh appears to have supported James in his defeat at the Battle of Inverlochy in 1431 and the Cameron lands were ravaged afterwards. When Alexander was released, he took further vengeance on the clan he viewed as traitors, driving Donald Dubh into exile and giving the Cameron lands in Lochiel to John Garve Maclean of Coll.

</doc>
<doc id="18566850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566850" title="List of awards and nominations received by Samantha Who?">
List of awards and nominations received by Samantha Who?

This is the list of awards and nominations received by the television series "Samantha Who?" (2007–2009).

</doc>
<doc id="18566851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566851" title="Agder Flekkefjords Tidende">
Agder Flekkefjords Tidende

Agder Flekkefjords Tidende is the local newspaper for the southern Norwegian town of Flekkefjord, and the surrounding region of western Vest Agder and eastern Rogaland. The first newspaper printed in Flekkefjord was called "Agdesidens Budstikke", in 1851. This newspaper was published twice weekly, and ended circulation after only one year.
"Agder Flekkefjords Tidende" was first published on 25 April 1877. The founders were two schoolteachers, Ole Fuglestvedt and Nicolai Just. It has been published continuously since then, only interrupted by the German occupation, from 1940 to 1945. In 2011, "Agder Flekkefjords Tidende" had a circulation of 8,026. The newspaper is published by Avisen Agder AS, which is owned by various local interests.

</doc>
<doc id="18566864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566864" title="Gerrit Forbes">
Gerrit Forbes

Gerrit Angelo Forbes (30 May 1836 - 22 September 1906) was a Justice of the Supreme Court of New York beginning in 1888. He served as District Attorney for Madison County from January 1871 to December 1874. He was a member of the Madison County and State Bar Associations. Forbes was serving his second term on the Supreme Court at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18566876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566876" title="Grassman">
Grassman

Grassman, also known as the Ohio Grassman is a legendary ape-like cryptid that reportedly inhabits the grasslands of Ohio.
Supposedly inhabiting the territory around Cuyahoga Valley National Park, Grassman is described as "a Bigfoot type creature" that is 7 feet tall, 300 pounds, and "leaves 3 toed tracks".

</doc>
<doc id="18566879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566879" title="Pager (GUI)">
Pager (GUI)

A pager is a graphical user interface feature provided by some desktop environments, mostly on the Unix and Linux platforms. It takes the form of an onscreen window or a gadget in the taskbar or panel displaying the user's virtual desktop and providing a way to switch among desktop areas or navigate the workspace. Most pagers depict thumbnail outlines of windows assigned to each desktop and can switch or move windows from mouse gestures or scroll wheel.

</doc>
<doc id="18566912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566912" title="Lindesnes (newspaper)">
Lindesnes (newspaper)

Lindesnes is a local newspaper published in Mandal, Norway. It covers central Vest-Agder. It was established in 1889.
It has a circulation of 6,401, of whom 6,211 are subscribers.
"Lindesnes" is published by "Lindesnes AS", which is owned 100% by "Fædrelandsvennen AS", which is in turn owned 25% by Schibsted.

</doc>
<doc id="18566914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566914" title="Vladimir Nikolov">
Vladimir Nikolov

Vladimir Nikolov () is a Bulgarian volleyball player, current captain of his country's national team. He plays as a wing-spiker and has been part of the Bulgarian national team in all recent championships. At a club level, he has played for Levski Siconco (five Bulgarian titles), Erdemirspor Izmir(Turkey), Tours VB (CEV Champions League 2005–06, one championship and two Cup titles of France), Toray Arrows, Japan and Trentino Volley (One Italian championship title). Nikolov was recently transferred to another Italian team - Piemonte Volley. With Bre Banca Lannutti Cuneo he won the bronze medal at the 2008–09 CEV Cup and also was individually awarded "Best Blocker".
With the professional club Tours Volley-Ball, he won the 2004–05 CEV Champions League and was awarded "Most Valuable Player".

</doc>
<doc id="18566918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566918" title="Shapur cave">
Shapur cave

Shapur cave/ Shapour cave () is located in the Zagros Mountains, in southern Iran, about 6 km from the ancient city of Bishapur. This cave is near Kazerun in Chogan valley where was the site of polo/chogan during Sassanian.
In the cave, on the fourth of five terraces, stands the colossal statue of Shapur I, the second ruler of the Sassanid Empire. The statue was carved from one stalagmite.The height of statue is 7 m. high and its shoulders are 2 m. wide, and its hands are 3 m. long.
About 1400 years ago, after the invasion of Iran by Arabs and collapse of the Sasanid dynasty, this grand statue was pulled down and a part of one of its legs was broken. About 70 years ago, again, parts of his arms were also broken. The statue had been lying on the ground for about 14 centuries until 1957 when upon orders of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi a group of his military men to raise it again on its feet and fix his foot with iron and cement. The project of raising the statue, building the roads from Bishapour to the area and paths in the mountain, stairs and iron fences on the route to the cave took six months in 1957.
The length of cave entrance is about 16 m., with a height of less than 8 m.Behind the statue, in the depth of the cave, are three ancient water-basins. At both sides of the statue, the rock-walls of the cave were prepared for reliefs by leveling, but the reliefs were never made. It is said that in addition to this giant statue of Shapour I, the tomb of this great man is also situated in this cave most probably.

</doc>
<doc id="18566921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566921" title="Jūratė Ladavičiūtė">
Jūratė Ladavičiūtė

Jūratė Ladavičiūtė (born February 19, 1985) is a female freestyle swimmer from Lithuania, and the youngest member (15 years, 207 days) of the national squad competing at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. As the only women she participated in the 50m and 100m Freestyle. In both events she didn't reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18566922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566922" title="Scott County Courthouse (Scott County, Kentucky)">
Scott County Courthouse (Scott County, Kentucky)

Scott County Courthouse is a building in Georgetown, Kentucky, the county seat of Scott County, Kentucky, where county government offices are located. The property was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places on September 28, 1972.
History.
Scott County became the state of Kentucky's eleventh county on June 1, 1792 by the newly formed Kentucky Legislature from a section of Woodford County. The county was named after Charles Scott, an American Revolutionary War general who later was Kentucky's fourth governor.
The first Scott County Courthouse was built in 1792 on a lot sold to the county by Elijah Craig. The original building was replaced by a larger structure. A third courthouse was built in 1847 after a fire destroyed the second courthouse. The August 9, 1837, fire destroyed most of the records. A second fire in 1876 again destroyed Scott County courthouse and the fourth courthouse was built. This fourth courthouse remains today but is no longer used for trials but instead other official government affairs. The building was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places on September 28, 1972.
Location.
The Scott County Courthouse is located in the center of downtown Georgetown, Kentucky at the intersection of Broadway and Main Street, where U.S. Route 25 (Broadway) crosses U.S. Route 460 (Main Street).
Architecture.
The 1877 courthouse was designed by Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania architect Thomas W. Boyd in the Second Empire style at the at cost of $34,600. The distance from the ground to the top of the steeple is .

</doc>
<doc id="18566931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566931" title="Sega Wii accessories">
Sega Wii accessories

Sega has released some peripherals in bundles with their Wii games, so-far with older games ported to the Wii system.
Squad Gun.
Ghost Squad have been released in Europe with a Wii Zapper-like gun called the Squad Gun. This combo is called the Ghost Squad Action Pack. There is a similar package combining House of the Dead 2 & 3 with the gun. Judging from images on the Internet, this package is also available in Japan, but featuring the real Wii Zapper gun. There also exists a super package called the "Super Squad Gun Pack" combiding the Ghost Squad and the House of the Dead 2 & 3 together with the Squad Gun.
Catch'n Fish.
The Sega Fish'n Pack bundle features the Sega Bass Fishing game, as well as a fishing rod called Catch'n Fish. The fishing rod looks similar to that of Logic3, but they are not the same.
Wii Maracas.
The Samba de Amigo game included Maraca sticks that the Wiimote can be plugged into. It came one Maraca for the Wii remote and other for the Nunchuck controller.

</doc>
<doc id="18566937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566937" title="Steve Pinau">
Steve Pinau

Steve Pinau (born 11 March 1988) is a French footballer who currently plays for Rochester Rhinos in the USL Pro.
Pinau, a French youth international, started his career with Monaco, making two appearances in Ligue 1. He signed for Genoa on a four-year contract, but was almost immediately loaned to Hibernian. Genoa also paid Monaco €560,000 as training compensation.
Pinau made his debut for Hibs as a late substitute in a 1–1 draw at Inverness on 23 August 2008. He was restricted to substitute and reserve team appearances for Hibs, as he struggled to displace established forward Steven Fletcher, Derek Riordan and Colin Nish. His only goal for Hibs was scored in a 4–3 defeat against Greenock Morton in the Scottish League Cup.
FC Lugano, the sister club of Geona, signed the French forward on loan for the 2009–10 season. After half year with Lugano, he was loaned to AC Arles-Avignon.

</doc>
<doc id="18566949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566949" title="Farsunds Avis">
Farsunds Avis

Farsunds Avis ("Farsund's Newspaper") is a local newspaper published in Farsund, Norway. It covers Farsund, Lyngdal and Hægebostad. It was established in 1889.
Farsunds Avis today.
In 2010 it had a circulation of 5,994. The newspaper is published by "AS Farsunds Aktiebogtrykkeri", which is mainly owned by Fædrelandsvennen AS. 
Sveinung W. Jensen is editor-in-chief. Kjell Henrik Moen is the company's chairman.
History.
According to history, Farsunds Avis was born thanks to a misprint. 
The radical newspaper "Lister" reported from a meeting in Farsund held by the Conservative Party of Norway. Officials from the Church were also present, and the newspaper undeliberately named them «presteskrap» instead of «presteskap». The single "r" changed the meaning completely in Norwegian, from «clergy» to «clergy rubbish».
The people of the upper class in Farsund were fed up and founded their own newspaper on 15 June 1889. 
Consul P. Sundt was the founding father and Farsunds Avis's first chairman.
In the 1970s Farsunds Avis started offset printing and became a daily newspaper. The newspaper went from broadsheet to compact format 9 March 2002.
Farsunds Avis is a conservative, but politically independent newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="18566951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566951" title="Hamfest India">
Hamfest India

Hamfest India is a popular hamfest held annually. The venue of the 2008 hamfest was Gandhinagar, The event serves for social gathering and comparison and sales of radio equipment. Most hamfests feature a flea market, where the attendees buy and sell equipment, generally from and for their personal stations. The event also seeks to raise amateur radio awareness in the host city.
'HAMFEST' is a festival of HAMs, the largest gathering of Indian HAMs in one place, conducted every year in different cities of India since 1991. The main objective is to create an awareness of HAM RADIO along with the new technological skills in the field of communication.
" As most of us who have experienced the Hamfest will agree, that truly it has attracted Hams and would be Hams from all parts of the country to meet, exchange views, most exciting, the homebrewing and technical aspect of the hobby. Rather than discuss or promote certain individual society, club, association with vested interest while putting others down. We have seen, heard enough of petty politics at club & society levels being blown out of proportion on to national level, so let us put all this away and have one eyeball just to talk of the True Ham Radio. 
Read the following lines and you will understand the true theme of HAMFESTS:
The basic concept of Hamfest has gone into oblivion with new twists & turns, so looking back at the history of Hamfest, most of us will remember that it all started in a very small way by a couple hams like VU2JIM, VU2JLX, and VU2JKV who co-ordinated to form the HI-NET ( Ham Information Net ) in Aug 1991 on 40 metres, with the basic idea of sharing Ham related information like homebrewing, exchanging technical notes, those difficult to find components, etc., which lead to the idea of organising a get together of needy & helpless Hams called the HAMFEST wherein all Hams would come individually irrespective of their club or society but collectively work for the Hamfest and with the spirit of the hobby.
Hence HAMFEST 91 was conceived to be held at Kuttikkanam near Kottayam in Kerala and the thought of a Ham Festival brought in a lot of inputs and support from all hams. Ham Radio Guild offered to completely sponsor the first Hamfest 91. As the years passed by the flame of the HAMFEST has moved on from Kuttikkanam 1991 thro’ Alwaye 1992, Salem 1993, Mysore 1994, Bombay 1995, Calcutta 1996, Cochin 1997, Bangalore 1998, Mysore 1999 and in the New Millennium to Hyderabad as Hamfest Y2K, making it a true national event by bringing in Hams / SWLs from all regions together.
I still remember that during my visit to Alwaye Hamfest in 92, I saw at the hombrew exhibits many hams practically winding RF chokes, modulation transformers, etc., etching BFO & VFO pcbs, wiring them on the spot and many needy hams benefited by sharing this kind of homebrewing at a common place, while at the Salem Hamfest in 93 there was a complete hombrew workshop to assemble a HF Tx/Rx being conducted. 
Lastly we would all like to thank the promoters VU2JIM, VU2JLX, VU2JKV and all those individual hams, clubs, institutions and the respective General Convenors associated in conceiving the idea of HINET and HAMFEST making it an individual entity without encumbrances to any society or club. 
So lets all hold hands together and take this wonderful Festival of Hams called the HAMFEST around to all regions of India, spreading the wonderful hobby of Ham Radio and improving the activity. 
Contributor: VU2POP - Pratap Kumar Naidu of Bangalore "
The 2010 Hamfest was conducted in Pollachi, Tamil Nadu. The 2011 Hamfest will be held in cochin, kerala. Conributor -VU@ADV-Jacob Elias
The first hamfest began in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18566954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566954" title="Changja River">
Changja River

The Changja River is a river of North Korea. The Changja River flows through the north of the county and flows through the city of Kanggye.

</doc>
<doc id="18566972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566972" title="Geraldine McGowan">
Geraldine McGowan

Geraldine McGowan is a female singer from Dublin, Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="18566973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566973" title="Lilya Zilberstein">
Lilya Zilberstein

Lilya Zilberstein (born April 19, 1965) is a Russian pianist.
Biography.
Born in Moscow and educated at the Gnessin State Musical College (1971–88), she rose to prominence after winning the 1987 Concorso Busoni. This triumph opened up the Italian halls to her, and as soon as she graduated she embarked on a tour, debuting in the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino. She finished with her German debut in Munich and she was immediately contracted by Deutsche Grammophon. She settled in Hamburg two years later, where she still lives with her husband and her two sons, Daniel and Anton. She has since had a successful concert career.

</doc>
<doc id="18566977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566977" title="Architectonic jewellery">
Architectonic jewellery

Architectonic jewellery may be categorised as a strand or subset of Modernist jewellery. Architectonic jewellery is jewellery that considers or interprets the qualities or principles of architecture in relation to the body.
The three interesting texts that discuss this subject are "Architecture in Jewelry" by Barbara Maas, "Architectonic Jewelry" by Patrick Kapty and a chapter from, "Jewelry of Our Time" by Helen Drutt and Peter Dormer, entitled "Architectural Forms."
All three articles touch upon different aspects of architectonic jewellery, the concept of scale and proportion in relation to the body, the Modernist/Constructivist influence and through citing examples of jewellers, the different manifestations of architectural expression within jewellery.
Of the three texts that survey architectonic jewellery, only one, Architecture in Jewelry by Barbra Maas, attempts to clearly define the genre through carefully selected examples of work. Maas acknowledges the similarities and differences between disciplines through “the central issue of their dimensions.” Touching on the differences, Maas observes: “Jewelry, with its direct relationship to the human body, necessarily involves a more intimate aspect than the art of building, which devotes its attention to free spaces.” On the connection between the disciplines Maas comments: “humans and edifices do indeed have at least one thing in common: laws of proportion govern the ratios between the parts of both”. This connection to the body is central in establishing a relationship between architecture and jewellery. The proportions of architecture and jewellery, regardless of scale have in common their relationship to the body. Whilst designed to fit comfortably around the body, create intimate spaces or dominate the body, their proportions remain constant in relation to the human form. It is through the body that we relate to the world and measure it; it is our medium through which the world is understood.

</doc>
<doc id="18566988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566988" title="Arūnas Savickas">
Arūnas Savickas

Arūnas Savickas (born March 24, 1975) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Lithuania, who was the oldest member (25 years, 174 days) of the national squad (5 men and 1 woman) competing at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. He competed in the men's 200 m freestyle and 200 m backstroke. In both individual events he did not reach the final. He also competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18566991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18566991" title="Pacific Pride">
Pacific Pride

Pacific Pride Commercial Fueling (also known as PrideNet) is a network of membership-only fueling stations across the United States. It appeals to truckers and police forces. Its stations are franchised and are often combined with mainstream gas stations. The company offers fuel and no other services as do regular gas stations; Pacific Pride stations also have no staff of their own. Customers make all their transactions with a membership card, and the stations have emergency call boxes. 
Pacific Pride was also the name of a racehorse which was euthanized after it suffered a broken shoulder in a spill at the Del Mar Racetrack.

</doc>
<doc id="18567004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567004" title="Scott Stossel">
Scott Stossel

Scott Hanford Stossel (born August 7, 1969) is an American journalist and editor. He is the editor of "The Atlantic" magazine, and previously served as executive editor of "The American Prospect" magazine. He is a graduate of Harvard University. He is the son of Anne Hanford and Dr. Thomas P. Stossel, the brother of cartoonist Sage Stossel , and the nephew of TV journalist John Stossel.

</doc>
<doc id="18567011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567011" title="Morley Library">
Morley Library

Morley Library, located at 184 Phelps St. in Painesville, Ohio serves as the County District Library for Lake County, Ohio. Morley Library is a medium-sized public library that is supported by both state funds and a local tax levy. The original library was founded in 1899. Its mission is to "be a community resource, available to all, contributing to the quality of life in its service area by: providing information for life-long learning and recreation in an organized, professional manner; extending outreach to encourage Library use; serving as a focal point for the community". In 2007, Morley Library was visited by 342,870 people and circulated 689,694 items. The collection includes 180,490 items. Morley Library serves 48,650 people in Painesville City, Painesville Township, Grand River, Leroy Township, and part of Concord Township.
History.
The nucleus of the library was provided by the local Women's Christian Temperance Union, which established a temperance library and reading room in 1878. After librarian Mary Dean's death in 1898, friends set about fulfilling her dream of a free public library. Other groups donated more books, the Village of Painesville (which became a city in 1902) agreed to provide tax funds, and local businessman Jesse Healy Morley bought the land and erected the building. The library was named in honor of his parents. Morley Library opened its doors in October 1899, with Julia Erwin as librarian. Additions to the building were made in 1937 and 1978.
In November 2001, Morley Library's bond issue of $11.59 million was passed in a general election. A groundbreaking ceremony on May 14, 2003 marked the official start to construction of a new building—a three-story library designed by Meehan Architects of Cleveland, Ohio (now Holzheimer Bolek + Meehan). The original building closed to the public at 5:00 PM on Sunday, October 17, 2004. The new Morley Library building opened to the public on November 7, 2004, with a ribbon cutting ceremony. The building was officially dedicated on Sunday, February 13, 2005. It is .
Special Collection.
Morley Library has a special collection to help those interested in researching their family genealogy and local Painesville history. The collection includes a variety of atlases, birth records, cemetery records, census enumerations, church records, city directories, high school and college yearbooks, magazines, marriage records, military records, naturalization records, newspapers, obituaries, telephone books and wills. Morley Library also subscribes to a number of Internet-based resources for genealogy and local history research.

</doc>
<doc id="18567040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567040" title="Intellectual disability">
Intellectual disability

Intellectual disability (ID) or general learning disability is a generalized disorder appearing before adulthood, characterized by significantly impaired cognitive functioning and deficits in two or more adaptive behaviors. Intellectual disability is also known as mental retardation (MR), although this older term is being used less frequently. It was historically defined as an intelligence quotient score under 70. Once focused almost entirely on cognition, the definition now includes both a component relating to mental functioning and one relating to individuals' functional skills in their environments. As a result, a person with an unusually low IQ may not be considered intellectually disabled. Intellectual disability is subdivided into syndromic intellectual disability, in which intellectual deficits associated with other medical and behavioral signs and symptoms are present, and non-syndromic intellectual disability, in which intellectual deficits appear without other abnormalities.
The terms used for this condition are subject to a process called the euphemism treadmill. This means that whatever term is chosen for this condition, it eventually becomes perceived as an insult. The terms "mental retardation" and "mentally retarded" were invented in the middle of the 20th century to replace the previous set of terms, which were deemed to have become offensive. By the end of the 20th century, these terms themselves have come to be widely seen as disparaging, politically incorrect, and in need of replacement. The term "intellectual disability" is now preferred by most advocates and researchers in most English-speaking countries. , the term "mental retardation" is still used by the World Health Organization in the ICD-10 codes, which have a section titled "Mental Retardation" (codes F70–F79). In the next revision, the ICD-11 is expected to replace the term "mental retardation" with "intellectual disability," and the DSM-5 has replaced it with "intellectual disability (intellectual developmental disorder)." Because of its specificity and lack of confusion with other conditions, the term "mental retardation" is still sometimes used in professional medical settings around the world, such as formal scientific research and health insurance paperwork.
Signs and symptoms.
The signs and symptoms of intellectual disability are all behavioral. Most people with intellectual disability do not look like they are afflicted with such, especially if the disability is caused by environmental factors such as malnutrition or lead poisoning. The so-called typical appearance ascribed to people with intellectual disability is only present in a minority of cases, all of which are syndromic.
Children with intellectual disability may learn to sit up, to crawl, or to walk later than other children, or they may learn to talk later. Both adults and children with intellectual disability may also exhibit some or all of the following characteristics:
Children with intellectual disability learn more slowly than a typical child. Children may take longer to learn language, develop social skills, and take care of their personal needs, such as dressing or eating. Learning will take them longer, require more repetition, and skills may need to be adapted to their learning levels. Nevertheless, virtually every child is able to learn, develop and become a participating member of the community.
In early childhood, mild intellectual disability (IQ 50–69) may not be obvious, and may not be identified until children begin school. Even when poor academic performance is recognized, it may take expert assessment to distinguish mild intellectual disability from learning disability or emotional/behavioral disorders. People with mild intellectual disability are capable of learning reading and mathematics skills to approximately the level of a typical child aged nine to twelve. They can learn self-care and practical skills, such as cooking or using the local mass transit system. As individuals with intellectual disability reach adulthood, many learn to live independently and maintain gainful employment.
Moderate intellectual disability (IQ 35–49) is nearly always apparent within the first years of life. Speech delays are particularly common signs of moderate MR. People with moderate intellectual disability need considerable supports in school, at home, and in the community in order to participate fully. While their academic potential is limited, they can learn simple health and safety skills and to participate in simple activities. As adults they may live with their parents, in a supportive group home, or even semi-independently with significant supportive services to help them, for example, manage their finances. As adults, they may work in a sheltered workshop.
People with severe or profound intellectual disability need more intensive support and supervision their entire lives. They may learn some activities of daily living. Some require full-time care by an attendant.
Cause.
Among children, the cause is unknown for one-third to one-half of cases. Down syndrome, velocariofacial syndrome, and fetal alcohol syndrome are the three most common inborn causes. However, doctors have found many other causes. The most common are:
Diagnosis.
According to the fourth edition of the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders" (DSM-IV), three criteria must be met for a diagnosis of intellectual disability: an IQ below 70, significant limitations in two or more areas of adaptive behavior (as measured by an adaptive behavior rating scale, i.e. communication, self-help skills, interpersonal skills, and more), and evidence that the limitations became apparent before the age of 18.
It is formally diagnosed by an assessment of IQ and adaptive behavior. A third condition requiring onset in childhood is used to distinguish intellectual disability from dementia such as Alzheimer's disease or due to traumatic brain injuries.
Intelligence quotient.
The first English-language IQ test, the Stanford-Binet Intelligence Scales, was adapted from a test battery designed for school placement by Alfred Binet in France. Lewis Terman adapted Binet's test and promoted it as a test measuring "general intelligence." Terman's test was the first widely used mental test to report scores in "intelligence quotient" form ("mental age" divided by chronological age, multiplied by 100). Current tests are scored in "deviation IQ" form, with a performance level by a test-taker two standard deviations below the median score for the test-taker's age group defined as IQ 70. Until the most recent revision of diagnostic standards, an IQ of 70 or below was a primary factor for intellectual disability diagnosis, and IQ scores were used to categorize degrees of intellectual disability. 
Since current diagnosis of intellectual disability is not based on IQ scores alone, but must also take into consideration a person's adaptive functioning, the diagnosis is not made rigidly. It encompasses intellectual scores, adaptive functioning scores from an adaptive behavior rating scale based on descriptions of known abilities provided by someone familiar with the person, and also the observations of the assessment examiner who is able to find out directly from the person what he or she can understand, communicate, and such like. IQ assessment must be based on a current test. This enables diagnosis to avoid the pitfall of the Flynn Effect, which is a consequence of changes in population IQ test performance changing IQ test norms over time.
Distinction from other disabilities.
Clinically, intellectual disability is a subtype of cognitive deficit or disabilities affecting intellectual abilities, which is a broader concept and includes intellectual deficits that are too mild to properly qualify as intellectual disability, or too specific (as in specific learning disability), or acquired later in life through acquired brain injuries or neurodegenerative diseases like dementia. Cognitive deficits may appear at any age. Developmental disability is any disability that is due to problems with growth and development. This term encompasses many congenital medical conditions that have no mental or intellectual components, although it, too, is sometimes used as a euphemism for intellectual disability.
Limitations in more than one areas.
Adaptive behavior, or adaptive functioning, refers to the skills needed to live independently (or at the minimally acceptable level for age). To assess adaptive behavior, professionals compare the functional abilities of a child to those of other children of similar age. To measure adaptive behavior, professionals use structured interviews, with which they systematically elicit information about persons' functioning in the community from people who know them well. There are many adaptive behavior scales, and accurate assessment of the quality of someone's adaptive behavior requires clinical judgment as well. Certain skills are important to adaptive behavior, such as:
Management.
By most definitions intellectual disability is more accurately considered a "disability" rather than a "disease". Intellectual disability can be distinguished in many ways from mental illness, such as schizophrenia or depression. Currently, there is no "cure" for an established disability, though with appropriate support and teaching, most individuals can learn to do many things.
There are thousands of agencies around the world that provide assistance for people with developmental disabilities. They include state-run, for-profit, and non-profit, privately run agencies. Within one agency there could be departments that include fully staffed residential homes, day rehabilitation programs that approximate schools, workshops wherein people with disabilities can obtain jobs, programs that assist people with developmental disabilities in obtaining jobs in the community, programs that provide support for people with developmental disabilities who have their own apartments, programs that assist them with raising their children, and many more. There are also many agencies and programs for parents of children with developmental disabilities.
Beyond that there are specific programs that people with developmental disabilities can take part in wherein they learn basic life skills. These "goals" may take a much longer amount of time for them to accomplish, but the ultimate goal is independence. This may be anything from independence in tooth brushing to an independent residence. People with developmental disabilities learn throughout their lives and can obtain many new skills even late in life with the help of their families, caregivers, clinicians and the people who coordinate the efforts of all of these people.
There are four broad areas of intervention that allow for active participation from caregivers, community members, clinicians, and of course, the individual(s) with an intellectual disability. These include psychosocial treatments, behavioral treatments, cognitive-behavioral treatments, and family-oriented strategies Psychosocial treatments are intended primarily for children before and during the preschool years as this is the optimum time for intervention. This early intervention should include encouragement of exploration, mentoring in basic skills, celebration of developmental advances, guided rehearsal and extension of newly acquired skills, protection from harmful displays of disapproval, teasing, or punishment, and exposure to a rich and responsive language environment. A great example of a successful intervention is the Carolina Abecedarian Project that was conducted with over 100 children from low SES families beginning in infancy through pre-school years. Results indicated that by age 2, the children provided the intervention had higher test scores than control group children, and they remained approximately 5 points higher 10 years after the end of the program. By young adulthood, children from the intervention group had better educational attainment, employment opportunities, and fewer behavioral problems than their control-group counterparts. 
Core components of behavioral treatments include language and social skills acquisition. Typically, one-to-one training is offered in which a therapist uses a shaping procedure in combination with positive reinforcements to help the child pronounce syllables until words are completed. Sometimes involving pictures and visual aids, therapists aim at improving speech capacity so that short sentences about important daily tasks (e.g. bathroom use, eating, etc.) can be effectively communicated by the child. In a similar fashion, older children benefit from this type of training as they learn to sharpen their social skills such as sharing, taking turns, following instruction, and smiling. At the same time, a movement known as social inclusion attempts to increase valuable interactions between children with an intellectual disability and their non-disabled peers. Cognitive-behavioral treatments, a combination of the previous two treatment types, involves a strategical-metastrategical learning technique that teaches children math, language, and other basic skills pertaining to memory and learning. The first goal of the training is to teach the child to be a strategical thinker through making cognitive connections and plans. Then, the therapist teaches the child to be metastrategical by teaching them to discriminate among different tasks and determine which plan or strategy suits each task. Finally, family-oriented strategies delve into empowering the family with the skill set they need to support and encourage their child or children with an intellectual disability. In general, this includes teaching assertiveness skills or behavior management techniques as well as how to ask for help from neighbors, extended family, or day-care staff. As the child ages, parents are then taught how to approach topics such as housing/residential care, employment, and relationships. The ultimate goal for every intervention or technique is to give the child autonomy and a sense of independence using the acquired skills he/she has.
Although there is no specific medication for intellectual disability, many people with developmental disabilities have further medical complications and may be prescribed several medications. For example autistic children with developmental delay may be prescribed antipsychotics or mood stabilizers to help with their behavior. Use of psychotropic medications such as benzodiazepines in people with intellectual disability requires monitoring and vigilance as side effects occur commonly and are often misdiagnosed as behavioural and psychiatric problems.
Epidemiology.
Intellectual disability affects about 2–3 percent of the general population. 75–90% of the affected people have mild intellectual disability .
Non-syndromic or idiopathic ID accounts for 30–50 percent of cases. About a quarter of cases are caused by a genetic disorder.
History.
Intellectual disabilities of all kinds have been documented under a variety of names throughout history. Throughout much of human history, society was unkind to those with any type of disability, and people with intellectual disabilities were commonly viewed as burdens on their families.
Greek and Roman philosophers, who valued reasoning abilities, disparaged people with intellectual disabilities as barely human. The oldest physiological view of intellectual disability is in the writings of Hippocrates in the late fifth century BCE, who believed that it was caused by an imbalance in the four humors in the brain.
Until the Enlightenment in Europe, care and asylum was provided by families and the church (in monasteries and other religious communities), focusing on the provision of basic physical needs such as food, shelter and clothing. Negative stereotypes were prominent in social attitudes of the time.
In the 13th century, England declared people with intellectual disabilities to be incapable of making decisions or managing their affairs. Guardianships were created to take over their financial affairs.
In the 17th century, Thomas Willis provided the first description of intellectual disabilities as a disease. He believed that it was caused by structural problems in the brain. According to Willis, the anatomical problems could be either an inborn condition or acquired later in life.
In the 18th and 19th centuries, housing and care moved away from families and towards an asylum model. People were placed by, or removed from, their families (usually in infancy) and housed in large professional institutions, many of which were self-sufficient through the labor of the residents. Some of these institutions provided a very basic level of education (such as differentiation between colors and basic word recognition and numeracy), but most continued to focus solely on the provision of basic needs of food, clothing, and shelter. Conditions in such institutions varied widely, but the support provided was generally non-individualized, with aberrant behavior and low levels of economic productivity regarded as a burden to society. Individuals of higher wealth were often able to afford higher degrees of care such as home care or private asylums. Heavy tranquilization and assembly line methods of support were the norm, and the medical model of disability prevailed. Services were provided based on the relative ease to the provider, not based on the needs of the individual. A survey taken in 1891 in Cape Town, South Africa shows the distribution between different facilities. Out of 2046 persons surveryed, 1,281 were in private dwellings, 120 in jails, and 645 in asylums, with men representing nearly two thirds of the number surveyed. In situations of scarcity of accommodation, preference was given to white men and black men (whose insanity threatened white society by disrupting employment relations and the tabooed sexual contact with white women).
In the late 19th century, in response to Charles Darwin's "On the Origin of Species", Francis Galton proposed selective breeding of humans to reduce intellectual disabilities. Early in the 20th century the eugenics movement became popular throughout the world. This led to forced sterilization and prohibition of marriage in most of the developed world and was later used by Hitler as rationale for the mass murder of intellectually challenged individuals during the holocaust. Eugenics was later abandoned as an evil violation of human rights, and the practice of forced sterilization and prohibition from marriage was discontinued by most of the developed world by the mid-20th century.
In 1905, Alfred Binet produced the first standardized test for measuring intelligence in children.
Although ancient Roman law had declared people with intellectual disability to be incapable of the deliberate intent to harm that was necessary for a person to commit a crime, during the 1920s, Western society believed they were morally degenerate.
Ignoring the prevailing attitude, Civitans adopted service to the developmentally disabled as a major organizational emphasis in 1952. Their earliest efforts included workshops for special education teachers and daycamps for disabled children, all at a time when such training and programs were almost nonexistent. The segregation of people with developmental disabilities wasn't widely questioned by academics or policy-makers until the 1969 publication of Wolf Wolfensberger's seminal work "The Origin and Nature of Our Institutional Models", drawing on some of the ideas proposed by SG Howe 100 years earlier. This book posited that society characterizes people with disabilities as deviant, sub-human and burdens of charity, resulting in the adoption of that "deviant" role. Wolfensberger argued that this dehumanization, and the segregated institutions that result from it, ignored the potential productive contributions that all people can make to society. He pushed for a shift in policy and practice that recognized the human needs of those with intellectual disability and provided the same basic human rights as for the rest of the population.
The publication of this book may be regarded as the first move towards the widespread adoption of the social model of disability in regard to these types of disabilities, and was the impetus for the development of government strategies for desegregation. Successful lawsuits against governments and an increasing awareness of human rights and self-advocacy also contributed to this process, resulting in the passing in the U.S. of the Civil Rights of Institutionalized Persons Act in 1980.
From the 1960s to the present, most states have moved towards the elimination of segregated institutions. Normalization and deinstitutionalization are dominant. Along with the work of Wolfensberger and others including Gunnar and Rosemary Dybwad, a number of scandalous revelations around the horrific conditions within state institutions created public outrage that led to change to a more community-based method of providing services.
By the mid-1970s, most governments had committed to de-institutionalization, and had started preparing for the wholesale movement of people into the general community, in line with the principles of normalization. In most countries, this was essentially complete by the late 1990s, although the debate over whether or not to close institutions persists in some states, including Massachusetts.
In the past, lead poisoning and infectious diseases were significant causes of intellectual disabilities. Some causes of intellectual disability are decreasing, as medical advances, such as vaccination, increase. Other causes are increasing as a proportion of cases, perhaps due to rising maternal age, which is associated with several syndromic forms of intellectual disability.
Along with the changes in terminology, and the downward drift in acceptability of the old terms, institutions of all kinds have had to repeatedly change their names. This affects the names of schools, hospitals, societies, government departments, and academic journals. For example, the Midlands Institute of Mental Subnormality became the British Institute of Mental Handicap and is now the British Institute of Learning Disability. This phenomenon is shared with mental health and motor disabilities, and seen to a lesser degree in sensory disabilities.
Terminology.
Terms that denote mental deficiency have been subjected to the euphemism treadmill. The several traditional terms that long predate psychiatry are simple forms of abuse in common usage today; they are often encountered in such old documents as books, academic papers, and census forms (for example, the British census of 1901 has a column heading including the terms "imbecile" and "feeble-minded").
Negative connotations associated with these numerous terms for intellectual disability reflect society's attitude about the condition. Some elements of society seek neutral medical terms, while others want to use such terms as weapons of abuse.
Today, new words like "special" or "challenged "are replacing the term "retarded". The term "developmental delay" is popular among caretakers and parents of individuals with intellectual disability because "delay" suggests that a person is slowly reaching his or her full potential rather than being disabled.
Usage has changed over the years and differed from country to country. For example, "mental retardation" in some contexts covers the whole field but previously applied to what is now the mild MR group. "Feeble-minded" used to mean mild MR in the UK, and once applied in the US to the whole field. "Borderline intellectual functioning" is not currently defined, but the term may be used to apply to people with IQs in the 70s. People with IQs of 70 to 85 used to be eligible for special consideration in the US public education system on grounds of intellectual disability.
United States.
The "American Association on Mental Retardation" continued to use the term "mental retardation" until 2006. In June 2006 its members voted to change the name of the organization to the "American Association on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities," rejecting the options to become the AAID or AADD. Part of the rationale for the double name was that many members worked with people with pervasive developmental disorders, most of whom do not have intellectual disability.
United Kingdom.
In the UK, "mental handicap" had become the common medical term, replacing "mental subnormality" in Scotland and "mental deficiency" in England and Wales, until Stephen Dorrell, Secretary of State for Health for the United Kingdom from 1995–97, changed the NHS's designation to "learning disability."
The new term is not yet widely understood, and is often taken to refer to problems affecting schoolwork (the American usage), which are known in the UK as "learning difficulties." British social workers may use "learning difficulty" to refer to both people with MR and those with conditions such as dyslexia.
In education, "learning difficulties" is applied to a wide range of conditions: "specific learning difficulty" may refer to dyslexia, dyscalculia or developmental coordination disorder, while "moderate learning difficulties", "severe learning difficulties" and "profound learning difficulties" refer to more significant impairments.
In England and Wales between 1983 and 2008 the Mental Health Act 1983 defined "mental impairment" and "severe mental impairment" as "...a state of arrested or incomplete development of mind which includes significant/severe impairment of intelligence and social functioning and is associated with abnormally aggressive or seriously irresponsible conduct on the part of the person concerned." As behavior was involved, these were not necessarily permanent conditions: they were defined for the purpose of authorizing detention in hospital or guardianship. The term "mental impairment" was removed from the Act in November 2008, but the grounds for detention remained. However, English statute law uses "mental impairment" elsewhere in a less well-defined manner—"e.g." to allow exemption from taxes—implying that intellectual disability without any behavioral problems is what is meant.
A BBC poll conducted in the United Kingdom came to the conclusion that 'retard' was the most offensive disability-related word. On the reverse side of that, when a contestant on Celebrity Big Brother live used the phrase "walking like a retard", despite complaints from the public and the charity Mencap, the communications regulator Ofcom did not uphold the complaint saying "it was not used in an offensive context [...] and had been used light-heartedly". It was however noted that two previous similar complaints from other shows were upheld.
Australia.
In the past, Australia has used British and American terms interchangeably, including "mental retardation" and "mental handicap". Today, "intellectual disability" is the preferred and more commonly used descriptor.
Society and culture.
People with such disabilities are often not seen as full citizens of society. Person-centered planning and approaches are seen as methods of addressing the continued labeling and exclusion of socially devalued people, such as people with disabilities, encouraging a focus on the person as someone with capacities and gifts as well as support needs. The self-advocacy movement promotes the right of self-determination and self-direction by people with intellectual disabilities, which means allowing people with intellectual disabilities to make decisions about their own lives.
Until the middle of the 20th century, people with intellectual disabilities were routinely excluded from public education, or educated away from other typically developing children. Compared to students with intellectual disabilities who were segregated in special schools, students with intellectual disabilities who are mainstreamed or included in regular classrooms report similar levels of stigma and social self-conception, but more ambitious plans for employment.
As adults, people with intellectual disabilities may live independently, with family members, or in different types of institutions organized to support people with intellectual disabilities. About 8% of people with intellectual disability live in an institution or group home.
In the US, the average lifetime cost of intellectual disability amounts to $1,014,000 per person with intellectual disability, in 2003 US dollars. This is slightly more than the costs associated with cerebral palsy, and double that associated with serious vision or hearing impairments. Of that $1,014,000, about 14% is due to increased medical expenses (not including what is normally incurred by the typical person), 10% is due to direct non-medical expenses, such as the excess cost of special education compared to standard schooling, and 76% is indirect costs accounting for reduced productivity and shortened lifespans. Some expenses, such as costs associated with being a family caregiver or living in a group home, were excluded from this calculation.
Abusive terms for intellectual deficits are common insults, and are most commonly applied to non-disabled people. For example, in the 1964 movie "Becket", King Henry II calls his son and heir a "cretin." Mental health professionals discourage use of these terms. The abbreviation "retard" or "tard" is still used as a generic insult. A BBC survey in 2003 ranked "retard" as the most offensive disability-related word, ahead of terms such as "spastic" (or its abbreviation "spaz") and mong. A campaign led by people with intellectual disabilities and the Special Olympics to eliminate the "R word" has resulted in federal legislation to replace the term "mentally retarded" with the term "intellectual disability" in some federal statutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18567051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567051" title="Haugaland Arbeiderblad">
Haugaland Arbeiderblad

Haugaland Arbeiderblad was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Haugesund in Rogaland county. It was affiliated with the Norwegian Labour Party.
"Haugaland Arbeiderblad" was started in 1907 under the name "Arbeiderbladet". It stopped in 1908, but returned in 1910. The same year its name was changed to "Haugesunds Folkeblad". In 1915 it absorbed the newspaper "Karmsundsposten", and in 1926 it absorbed the newspaper "Haugesunds Social-Demokrat" and changed its name to "Haugesunds Arbeiderblad". In 1931 its name was changed to "Haugarland Arbeiderblad", and finally in 1939 to "Haugaland Arbeiderblad". It was stopped between 1941 and 1945, during the German occupation of Norway. After the occupation, it resumed production, but struggled in competition with other local newspapers and went defunct in 1955. It was merged with Stavanger-based "1ste Mai" to form "Rogalands Avis".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18567071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567071" title="Haugesunds Social-Demokrat">
Haugesunds Social-Demokrat

Haugesunds Social-Demokrat was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Haugesund in Rogaland county. It was affiliated with the Social Democratic Labour Party of Norway.
"Haugesunds Social-Demokrat" was started in 1921, the same year the Social Democratic Labour Party broke away from the Norwegian Labour Party. In 1926, "Haugesunds Social-Demokrat" was incorporated into the Labour Party newspaper "Haugesunds Arbeiderblad". In 1927, the Social Democratic Labour Party reconciled with the Labour Party, and the two parties again became one.

</doc>
<doc id="18567078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567078" title="Viatora Coccaleo">
Viatora Coccaleo

Viatora Coccaleo (so called from his birthplace, Coccaglio in Lombardy, date of birth unknown; d. 1793) was an Italian Capuchin theologian.
Works.
For a time he was lector in theology. Among his works are:
His defence of papal supremacy, "Italus ad Justinum Febronium" (Lucca, 1768; Trent, 1774), is one of the principal apologies against Febronius. Besides writing several works against Jansenism, he took part in the discussion concerning the devotion to the Sacred Heart and the sanctification of Holy Days, made famous by the Synod of Pistoia (1786), and published: 

</doc>
<doc id="18567089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567089" title="Antun Pogačnik">
Antun Pogačnik

Antun "Toni" Pogačnik (1913–21 May 1978) was a Croatian footballer who played for both Yugoslavia and Croatia.
Pogačnik led arguably the most successful Indonesian national team. Under him, Indonesia held the Soviet Union to a 0-0 draw in the 1956 Melbourne Olympics quarter final game before losing 0-4 in the replay two days later. It was a strong Soviet team captained by the great Lev Yashin which then went on to win the gold medal.
As the Dutch East Indies, Indonesia competed in the 1938 World Cup but since then has not appeared in a world tournament at a senior level. Antun Pogačnik is the only coach who has been able to take the Indonesian national team to the Olympic Games. He is remembered very fondly in Indonesian football circles.

</doc>
<doc id="18567094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567094" title="Snir">
Snir

Snir is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located in the Hula Valley near Kiryat Shmona, it falls under the jurisdiction of Upper Galilee Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 424.
The village was established on 26 September 1967 as a Nahal settlement in what had formerly been demilitarized zone until the Six-Day War. It was converted to a civilian kibbutz in 1968 by Hashomer Hatzair members. Its name is derived from the Hebrew name for the nearby Hasbani River (Nahal Snir), for example mentioned in the Bible in Deuteronomy/Dwarim 3:9.
The overturned Syrian Tank.
During the Six-Day war, a minor Syrian force tried to capture the water plant at Tel Dan (the subject of a fierce escalation two years earlier), Kibbutz Dan, and She'ar Yashuv. Several Syrian tanks are reported to have sunk in the Banias river.

</doc>
<doc id="18567110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567110" title="List of highways numbered 100A">
List of highways numbered 100A

The following highways are numbered 100A:

</doc>
<doc id="18567119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567119" title="Cultus Sanguine">
Cultus Sanguine

Cultus Sanguine is a black metal band from Italy.
Bio.
Cultus Sanguine was founded as a duo in 1993, but soon after expanded to a trio after adding a drummer. After a 1995 EP, they added the keyboards player Rex Nebulah before signing to Candlelight Records for the 1998 album "Shadow's Blood". Following this the guitarist/bassist Aqua Regis and drummer Custus Arckanorum left the group, and guitarist Aurian and drummer Nox Perpetua joined. Two further releases appeared on Season of Mist before the group disbanded in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18567141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567141" title="Lee Smelt">
Lee Smelt

Lee Adrian Smelt (born Edmonton, London, 13 March 1958) is an English former association football player. A goalkeeper, he played professionally for Nottingham Forest, Peterborough United, Halifax Town, Cardiff City and Exeter City, making a total of 175 appearances in the Football League between 1980 and 1986. His son Jack is a goalkeeper for Ramsgate.

</doc>
<doc id="18567152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567152" title="Karmsundsposten">
Karmsundsposten

Karmsundsposten was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Haugesund in Rogaland county.
"Karmsundsposten" was started in 1861, as the first newspaper in the middle-sized city. It took its name from the Karmsundet strait between Haugesund and Karmøy. In 1915 it was absorbed by the Labour Party newspaper "Haugesunds Folkeblad".

</doc>
<doc id="18567153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567153" title="List of highways numbered 100B">
List of highways numbered 100B

The following highways are numbered 100B:

</doc>
<doc id="18567166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567166" title="Brentor railway station">
Brentor railway station

Brentor railway station was on the Plymouth, Devonport and South Western Junction Railway's line from Lydford to Plymouth, between Lydford and Tavistock. It opened on 2 June 1890 and closed on 6 May 1968.
After closure and the track was removed the station was converted to a private house retaining many railway artefacts.

</doc>
<doc id="18567168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567168" title="Computer graphics (computer science)">
Computer graphics (computer science)

Computer graphics is a sub-field of computer science which studies methods for digitally synthesizing and manipulating visual content. Although the term often refers to the study of three-dimensional computer graphics, it also encompasses two-dimensional graphics and image processing.
Overview.
Computer graphics studies the manipulation of visual and geometric information using computational techniques. It focuses on the "mathematical" and "computational" foundations of image generation and processing rather than purely aesthetic issues. Computer graphics is often differentiated from the field of visualization, although the two fields have many similarities.
Connected studies include:
Applications of computer graphics include:
History.
One of the first displays of computer animation was "Futureworld" (1976), which included an animation of a human face and hand — produced by Ed Catmull and Fred Parke at the University of Utah. Swedish inventor Håkan Lans applied for the first patent on color graphics in 1979. 
There are several international conferences and journals where the most significant results in computer graphics are published. Among them are the SIGGRAPH and Eurographics conferences and the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Transactions on Graphics journal. The joint Eurographics and ACM SIGGRAPH symposium series features the major venues for the more specialized sub-fields: Symposium on Geometry Processing,Symposium on Rendering, and Symposium on Computer Animation. As in the rest of computer science, conference publications in computer graphics are generally more significant than journal publications (and subsequently have lower acceptance rates).
Subfields in computer graphics.
A broad classification of major subfields in computer graphics might be:
Geometry.
The subfield of geometry studies the representation of three-dimensional objects in a discrete digital setting. Because the appearance of an object depends largely on its exterior, boundary representations are most commonly used. Two dimensional surfaces are a good representation for most objects, though they may be non-manifold. Since surfaces are not finite, discrete digital approximations are used. Polygonal meshes (and to a lesser extent subdivision surfaces) are by far the most common representation, although point-based representations have become more popular recently (see for instance the Symposium on Point-Based Graphics). These representations are "Lagrangian," meaning the spatial locations of the samples are independent. Recently, "Eulerian" surface descriptions (i.e., where spatial samples are fixed) such as level sets have been developed into a useful representation for deforming surfaces which undergo many topological changes (with fluids being the most notable example).
Animation.
The subfield of animation studies descriptions for surfaces (and other phenomena) that move or deform over time. Historically, most work in this field has focused on parametric and data-driven models, but recently physical simulation has become more popular as computers have become more powerful computationally.
Rendering.
Rendering generates images from a model. Rendering may simulate light transport to create realistic images or it may create images that have a particular artistic style in non-photorealistic rendering. The two basic operations in realistic rendering are transport (how much light passes from one place to another) and scattering (how surfaces interact with light). See Rendering (computer graphics) for more information.
Transport describes how illumination in a scene gets from one place to another. Visibility is a major component of light transport.
Models of "scattering" and "shading" are used to describe the appearance of a surface. In graphics these problems are often studied within the context of rendering since they can substantially affect the design of rendering algorithms. Shading can be broken down into two orthogonal issues, which are often studied independently:
The former problem refers to scattering, i.e., the relationship between incoming and outgoing illumination at a given point. Descriptions of scattering are usually given in terms of a bidirectional scattering distribution function or BSDF. The latter issue addresses how different types of scattering are distributed across the surface (i.e., which scattering function applies where). Descriptions of this kind are typically expressed with a program called a shader. (Note that there is some confusion since the word "shader" is sometimes used for programs that describe local "geometric" variation.)
External links.
Industry.
Industrial labs doing "blue sky" graphics research include:
Major film studios notable for graphics research include:

</doc>
<doc id="18567169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567169" title="List of highways numbered 100C">
List of highways numbered 100C

The following highways are numbered 100C:

</doc>
<doc id="18567185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567185" title="List of highways numbered 104A">
List of highways numbered 104A

The following highways are numbered 104A:

</doc>
<doc id="18567202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567202" title="Rogaland (newspaper)">
Rogaland (newspaper)

Rogaland was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Stavanger in Rogaland county.
"Rogaland" was started in 1905, published in the city Haugesund under the name "Dag". Already in 1907 its name was changed and its headquarters moved to Stavanger. It went defunct in 1919.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18567210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567210" title="Computer graphics">
Computer graphics

Computer graphics are graphics created using computers and the representation of image data by a computer specifically with help from specialized graphic hardware and software.
The interaction and understanding of computers and interpretation of data has been made easier because of computer graphics. Computer graphic development has had a significant impact on many types of media and have revolutionized animation, movies and the video game industry.
Overview.
The term computer graphics has been used in a broad sense to describe "almost everything on computers that is not text or sound". Typically, the term "computer graphics" refers to several different things:
Computer graphics is widespread today. Computer imagery is found on television, in newspapers, for example in weather reports, or for example in all kinds of medical investigation and surgical procedures. A well-constructed graph can present complex statistics in a form that is easier to understand and interpret. In the media "such graphs are used to illustrate papers, reports, thesis", and other presentation material.
Many powerful tools have been developed to visualize data. Computer generated imagery can be categorized into several different types: two dimensional (2D), three dimensional (3D), and animated graphics. As technology has improved, 3D computer graphics have become more common, but 2D computer graphics are still widely used. Computer graphics has emerged as a sub-field of computer science which studies methods for digitally synthesizing and manipulating visual content. Over the past decade, other specialized fields have been developed like information visualization, and scientific visualization more concerned with "the visualization of three dimensional phenomena (architectural, meteorological, medical, biological, etc.), where the emphasis is on realistic renderings of volumes, surfaces, illumination sources, and so forth, perhaps with a dynamic (time) component".
History.
The phrase “Computer Graphics” was coined in 1960 by William Fetter, a graphic designer for Boeing. The field of computer graphics developed with the emergence of computer graphics hardware. Early projects like the Whirlwind and SAGE Projects introduced the CRT as a viable display and interaction interface and introduced the light pen as an input device. A programmer for the Whirlwind SAGE system performed a personal experiment in 1954 in which a small program he wrote captured the movement of his finger and displayed its vector (his traced name) on a display scope. The same individual, Douglas T. Ross, working at MIT on transforming mathematic statements into computer generated machine tool vectors in 1959 took the opportunity to create a display scope image of a Disney cartoon character.
Initial developments.
Further advances in computing led to greater advancements in interactive computer graphics. In 1959, the TX-2 computer was developed at MIT's Lincoln Laboratory. The TX-2 integrated a number of new man-machine interfaces. A light pen could be used to draw sketches on the computer using Ivan Sutherland's revolutionary Sketchpad software. Using a light pen, Sketchpad allowed one to draw simple shapes on the computer screen, save them and even recall them later. The light pen itself had a small photoelectric cell in its tip. This cell emitted an electronic pulse whenever it was placed in front of a computer screen and the screen's electron gun fired directly at it. By simply timing the electronic pulse with the current location of the electron gun, it was easy to pinpoint exactly where the pen was on the screen at any given moment. Once that was determined, the computer could then draw a cursor at that location.
Sutherland seemed to find the perfect solution for many of the graphics problems he faced. Even today, many standards of computer graphics interfaces got their start with this early Sketchpad program. One example of this is in drawing constraints. If one wants to draw a square for example, they do not have to worry about drawing four lines perfectly to form the edges of the box. One can simply specify that they want to draw a box, and then specify the location and size of the box. The software will then construct a perfect box, with the right dimensions and at the right location. Another example is that Sutherland's software modeled objects - not just a picture of objects. In other words, with a model of a car, one could change the size of the tires without affecting the rest of the car. It could stretch the body of the car without deforming the tires.
"Further 1961 developments".
Also in 1961 another student at MIT, Steve Russell, created the first video game, Spacewar. Written for the DEC PDP-1, Spacewar was an instant success and copies started flowing to other PDP-1 owners and eventually even DEC got a copy. The engineers at DEC used it as a diagnostic program on every new PDP-1 before shipping it. The sales force picked up on this quickly enough and when installing new units, would run the world's first video game for their new customers.
E. E. Zajac, a scientist at Bell Telephone Laboratory (BTL), created a film called "Simulation of a two-giro gravity attitude control system" in 1963. In this computer generated film, Zajac showed how the attitude of a satellite could be altered as it orbits the Earth. He created the animation on an IBM 7090 mainframe computer. Also at BTL, Ken Knowlton, Frank Sindon and Michael Noll started working in the computer graphics field. Sindon created a film called Force, Mass and Motion illustrating Newton's laws of motion in operation. Around the same time, other scientists were creating computer graphics to illustrate their research. At Lawrence Radiation Laboratory, Nelson Max created the films, "Flow of a Viscous Fluid" and "Propagation of Shock Waves in a Solid Form." Boeing Aircraft created a film called "Vibration of an Aircraft."
It was not long before major corporations started taking an interest in computer graphics. TRW, Lockheed-Georgia, General Electric and Sperry Rand are among the many companies that were getting started in computer graphics by the mid-1960s. IBM was quick to respond to this interest by releasing the IBM 2250 graphics terminal, the first commercially available graphics computer.
Ralph Baer, a supervising engineer at Sanders Associates, came up with a home video game in 1966 that was later licensed to Magnavox and called the Odyssey. While very simplistic, and requiring fairly inexpensive electronic parts, it allowed the player to move points of light around on a screen. It was the first consumer computer graphics product.
David C. Evans was director of engineering at Bendix Corporation's computer division from 1953 to 1962, after which he worked for the next five years as a visiting professor at Berkeley. There he continued his interest in computers and how they interfaced with people. In 1966, the University of Utah recruited Evans to form a computer science program, and computer graphics quickly became his primary interest. This new department would become the world's primary research center for computer graphics.
Also in 1966, Sutherland at MIT invented the first computer controlled head-mounted display (HMD). Called the Sword of Damocles because of the hardware required for support, it displayed two separate wireframe images, one for each eye. This allowed the viewer to see the computer scene in stereoscopic 3D. After receiving his Ph.D. from MIT, Sutherland became Director of Information Processing at ARPA (Advanced Research Projects Agency), and later became a professor at Harvard.
In 1967 Sutherland was recruited by Evans to join the computer science program at the University of Utah. There he perfected his HMD. Twenty years later, NASA would re-discover his techniques in their virtual reality research. At Utah, Sutherland and Evans were highly sought after consultants by large companies but they were frustrated at the lack of graphics hardware available at the time so they started formulating a plan to start their own company.
In 1969, the ACM initiated A Special Interest Group in Graphics (SIGGRAPH) which organizes conferences, graphics standards, and publications within the field of computer graphics. In 1973, the first annual SIGGRAPH conference was held, which has become one of the focuses of the organization. SIGGRAPH has grown in size and importance as the field of computer graphics has expanded over time.
1970s.
Many of the most important early breakthroughs in computer graphics research occurred at the University of Utah in the 1970s. A student by the name of Edwin Catmull started at the University of Utah in 1970 and signed up for Sutherland's computer graphics class. Catmull had just come from The Boeing Company and had been working on his degree in physics. Growing up on Disney, Catmull loved animation yet quickly discovered that he did not have the talent for drawing. Now Catmull (along with many others) saw computers as the natural progression of animation and they wanted to be part of the revolution. The first animation that Catmull saw was his own. He created an animation of his hand opening and closing. It became one of his goals to produce a feature length motion picture using computer graphics. In the same class, Fred Parke created an animation of his wife's face. Because of Evan's and Sutherland's presence, UU was gaining quite a reputation as the place to be for computer graphics research so Catmull went there to learn 3D animation.
As the UU computer graphics laboratory was attracting people from all over, John Warnock was one of those early pioneers; he would later found Adobe Systems and create a revolution in the publishing world with his PostScript page description language. Tom Stockham led the image processing group at UU which worked closely with the computer graphics lab. Jim Clark was also there; he would later found Silicon Graphics, Inc.
The first major advance in 3D computer graphics was created at UU by these early pioneers, the hidden-surface algorithm. In order to draw a representation of a 3D object on the screen, the computer must determine which surfaces are "behind" the object from the viewer's perspective, and thus should be "hidden" when the computer creates (or renders) the image.
The 3D Core Graphics System (or Core) was the first graphical standard to be developed. A group of 25 experts of the ACM Special Interest Group SIGGRAPH developed this "conceptual framework". The specifications were published in 1977, and it became a foundation for many future development in the field.
1980s.
In the early 1980s, the availability of bit-slice and 16-bit microprocessors started to revolutionise high resolution computer graphics terminals which now increasingly became intelligent, semi-standalone and standalone workstations. Graphics and application processing were increasingly migrated to the intelligence in the workstation, rather than continuing to rely on central mainframe and mini-computers. Typical of the early move to high resolution computer graphics intelligent workstations for the computer-aided engineering market were the Orca 1000, 2000 and 3000 workstations, developed by Orcatech of Ottawa, a spin-off from Bell-Northern Research, and led by an early workstation pioneer David John Pearson. The Orca 3000 was based on Motorola 68000 and AMD bit-slice processors and had Unix as its operating system. It was targeted squarely at the sophisticated end of the design engineering sector. Artists and graphic designers began to see the personal computer, particularly the Commodore Amiga and Macintosh, as a serious design tool, one that could save time and draw more accurately than other methods. In the late 1980s, SGI computers were used to create some of the first fully computer-generated short films at Pixar. The Macintosh remains a highly popular tool for computer graphics among graphic design studios and businesses. Modern computers, dating from the 1980s often use graphical user interfaces (GUI) to present data and information with symbols, icons and pictures, rather than text. Graphics are one of the five key elements of multimedia technology.
1990s.
3D graphics became more popular in the 1990s in gaming, multimedia and animation. At the end of the 80s and beginning of the nineties were created, in France, the very first computer graphics TV series: "La Vie des bêtes" by studio Mac Guff Ligne (1988), "Les Fables Géométriques" J.-Y. Grall, Georges Lacroix and Renato (studio Fantome, 1990–1993) and "Quarxs", the first HDTV computer graphics series by Maurice Benayoun and François Schuiten (studio Z-A production, 1990–1993). In 1995, Toy Story, the first full-length computer-generated animation film, was released in cinemas worldwide. In 1996, Quake, one of the first fully 3D games, was released. Since then, computer graphics have only become more detailed and realistic, due to more powerful graphics hardware and 3D modeling software.
2000s.
Computer graphics used in films and video games gradually began to be realistic to the point of entering the uncanny valley. Examples include the later "Final Fantasy" games and animated films like "The Polar Express".
Image types.
Two-dimensional.
2D computer graphics are the computer-based generation of digital images—mostly from models, such as digital image, and by techniques specific to them.
2D computer graphics are mainly used in applications that were originally developed upon traditional printing and drawing technologies such as typography. In those applications, the two-dimensional image is not just a representation of a real-world object, but an independent artifact with added semantic value; two-dimensional models are therefore preferred, because they give more direct control of the image than 3D computer graphics, whose approach is more akin to photography than to typography.
Pixel art.
A large form of digital art being pixel art is created through the use of raster graphics software, where images are edited on the pixel level. Graphics in most old (or relatively limited) computer and video games, graphing calculator games, and many mobile phone games are mostly pixel art.
Vector graphics.
Vector graphics formats are complementary to raster graphics. Raster graphics is the representation of images as an array of pixels and is typically used for the representation of photographic images. Vector graphics consists in encoding information about shapes and colors that comprise the image, which can allow for more flexibility in rendering. There are instances when working with vector tools and formats is best practice, and instances when working with raster tools and formats is best practice. There are times when both formats come together. An understanding of the advantages and limitations of each technology and the relationship between them is most likely to result in efficient and effective use of tools.
Three-dimensional.
3D graphics compared to 2D graphics are graphics that use a three-dimensional representation of geometric data. For the purpose of performance this is stored in the computer. this includes images that may be for later display or for real-time viewing.
Despite these differences, 3D computer graphics rely on similar algorithms as 2D computer graphics do in the frame and raster graphics (like in 2D) in the final rendered display. In computer graphics software, the distinction between 2D and 3D is occasionally blurred; 2D applications may use 3D techniques to achieve effects such as lighting, and primarily 3D may use 2D rendering techniques.
3D computer graphics are the same as 3D models. The model is contained within the graphical data file, apart from the rendering. However, there are differences that include the 3D model is the representation of any 3D object. Until visually displayed a model is not graphic. Due to printing, 3D models are not only confined to virtual space. 3D rendering is how a model can be displayed. Also can be used in non-graphical computer simulations and calculations.
Computer animation.
Computer animation is the art of creating moving images via the use of computers. It is a subfield of computer graphics and animation. Increasingly it is created by means of 3D computer graphics, though 2D computer graphics are still widely used for stylistic, low bandwidth, and faster real-time rendering needs. Sometimes the target of the animation is the computer itself, but sometimes the target is another medium, such as film. It is also referred to as CGI (Computer-generated imagery or computer-generated imaging), especially when used in films.
Virtual entities may contain and be controlled by assorted attributes, such as transform values (location, orientation, and scale) stored in an object's transformation matrix. Animation is the change of an attribute over time. Multiple methods of achieving animation exist; the rudimentary form is based on the creation and editing of keyframes, each storing a value at a given time, per attribute to be animated. The 2D/3D graphics software will change with each keyframe, creating an editable curve of a value mapped over time, in which results in animation. Other methods of animation include procedural and expression-based techniques: the former consolidates related elements of animated entities into sets of attributes, useful for creating particle effects and crowd simulations; the latter allows an evaluated result returned from a user-defined logical expression, coupled with mathematics, to automate animation in a predictable way (convenient for controlling bone behavior beyond what a hierarchy offers in skeletal system set up).
To create the illusion of movement, an image is displayed on the computer screen then quickly replaced by a new image that is similar to the previous image, but shifted slightly. This technique is identical to the illusion of movement in television and motion pictures.
Concepts and principles.
Images are typically devices such as cameras, mirrors, lenses, telescopes, microscopes, etc.
Digital images include both vector images and raster images, but raster images are more commonly used.
Pixel.
In digital imaging, a pixel (or picture element) is a single point in a raster image. Pixels are placed on a regular 2-dimensional grid, and are often represented using dots or squares. Each pixel is a sample of an original image, where more samples typically provide a more accurate representation of the original. The intensity of each pixel is variable; in color systems, each pixel has typically three
components such as red, green, and blue.
Graphics.
Graphics are visual presentations on a surface, such as a computer screen. Examples are photographs, drawing, graphics designs, maps, engineering drawings, or other images. Graphics often combine text and illustration. Graphic design may consist of the deliberate selection, creation, or arrangement of typography alone, as in a brochure, flier, poster, web site, or book without any other element. Clarity or effective communication may be the objective, association with other cultural elements may be sought, or merely, the creation of a distinctive style.
Rendering.
Rendering is generating a 3D model by means of computer programs. A scene file contains objects in a strictly defined language or data structure; it would contain geometry, viewpoint, texture, lighting, and shading information as a description of the virtual scene. The data contained in the scene file is then passed to a rendering program to be processed and output to a digital image or raster graphics image file. The rendering program is usually built into the computer graphics software, though others are available as plug-ins or entirely separate programs. The term "rendering" may be by analogy with an "artist's rendering" of a scene. Though the technical details of rendering methods vary, the general challenges to overcome in producing a 2D image from a 3D representation stored in a scene file are outlined as the graphics pipeline along a rendering device, such as a GPU. A GPU is a device able to assist the CPU in calculations. If a scene is to look relatively realistic and predictable under virtual lighting, the rendering software should solve the rendering equation. The rendering equation does not account for all lighting phenomena, but is a general lighting model for computer-generated imagery. 'Rendering' is also used to describe the process of calculating effects in a video editing file to produce final video output.
Volume rendering.
Volume rendering is a technique used to display a 2D projection of a 3D discretely sampled data set. A typical 3D data set is a group of 2D slice images acquired by a CT or MRI scanner.
Usually these are acquired in a regular pattern (e.g., one slice every millimeter) and usually have a regular number of image pixels in a regular pattern. This is an example of a regular volumetric grid, with each volume element, or voxel represented by a single value that is obtained by sampling the immediate area surrounding the voxel.
3D modeling.
3D modeling is the process of developing a mathematical, wireframe representation of any three-dimensional object, called a "3D model", via specialized software. Models may be created automatically or manually; the manual modeling process of preparing geometric data for 3D computer graphics is similar to plastic arts such as sculpting. 3D models may be created using multiple approaches: use of NURBS curves to generate accurate and smooth surface patches, polygonal mesh modeling (manipulation of faceted geometry), or polygonal mesh subdivision (advanced tessellation of polygons, resulting in smooth surfaces similar to NURBS models). A 3D model can be displayed as a two-dimensional image through a process called "3D rendering", used in a computer simulation of physical phenomena, or animated directly for other purposes. The model can also be physically created using 3D Printing devices.
Study of computer graphics.
The study of computer graphics is a sub-field of computer science which studies methods for digitally synthesizing and manipulating visual content. Although the term often refers to three-dimensional computer graphics, it also encompasses two-dimensional graphics and image processing.
As an academic discipline, computer graphics studies the manipulation of visual and geometric information using computational techniques. It focuses on the "mathematical" and "computational" foundations of image generation and processing rather than purely aesthetic issues. Computer graphics is often differentiated from the field of visualization, although the two fields have many similarities.
Applications.
Computer graphics may be used in the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="18567212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567212" title="Jukka Lehtonen">
Jukka Lehtonen

Jukka Lehtonen (born 22 February 1982) is a professional volleyball player from Finland who joins GFCO Ajaccio in French Ligue A for season 2010-2011. He is also the captain of Finland men`s national volleyball team.
Career.
Early career.
Lehtonen started his volleyball career in Rantasalmen Urheilijat year 1989. Ten years after that he played on fourth highest level in Finland. Two years after that he made contract Bad Saulgau team. He moved to Germany and started play their second highest level.
East Volley.
After one year in Germany he came back to Finland and started playing in Savonlinnan East Volley which played Finland volleyball league. He was two times with East Volley in medalgames, but when East Volley got many probelems he changed to Napapiirin Palloketut.
Palloketut.
Season 2004-2006 Lehtonen played in Napapiirin Palloketut, Rovaniemi. He won season 2005 with team Finland Cup Champion. Media chose him to season 2005-2006 All-Stars team. After two season in Napapiirin Palloketut Lehtonen made contract with new club named Rovaniemen Santasport.
Santasport.
First season was success to Lehtonen in Santasport. He won Finland league Champion first time on his career. Santasport played too good games in European league. After season media chose Lehtonen again to All-Stars team. Second season was too good to Lehtonen and his team. Lehtonen got his second Finland Champion after very exciting finals. Media chose Lehtonen third time to All-Stars team.
Aris Thessalonik.
After season 2008 Lehtonen made contract with Aris Thessaloniki which play in Greece Volleyball league.
National team.
First time Jukka Lehtonen get to national team year 2006. He played good season in Finland league and team couch Mauro Berruto wanted Lehtonen to his team. Lehtonen played his first national team match against Canada in FIVB World league, and has altogether 61 appearances in the National Team. Since Tuomas Sammelvuo retired from the Finnish National Team, he has been the captain of the team.

</doc>
<doc id="18567214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567214" title="Bob Tanna">
Bob Tanna

Bhavsinh Moraji "Bob" Tanna (c. 1915 – 18 February 2011) was an Indian amateur radio operator who was instrumental in setting up the Congress Radioalong with Nariman Printer on the request of Usha Mehta, an Indian National Congress party leader.
The Congress Radio helped broadcast messages to grass-root party workers across the country and began broadcasting from 2 September 1942 on 7.12 MHz. The station could be received as far as Japanese-occupied Burma. 
By November 1942, Tanna was betrayed by an unknown radio officer, and was forced to shut down the station. He continued to work in radio well into his 90s.

</doc>
<doc id="18567221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567221" title="Rix Centre">
Rix Centre

The Rix Centre is a British charitable research and development centre that was founded in 2004. The Centre, based at the University of East London, explores the uses of new media technology for the benefit of the learning disability community. It has developed multimedia technologies and courses to support those with learning disabilities and their carers.
Leadership.
The Rix Centre is named after Lord Brian Rix, the Baron Rix, chancellor of the University, who has campaigned for people with learning difficulties for over 60 years.
The Centre is headed by Andy Minnion. Since 2001, Minnion has been conducting research at the UEL on the subject of accessibility for people with learning disabilities.
Projects.
Project @pple.
Project @pple was a major ESRC-funded programme exploring the ways in which people with learning difficulties access and use information and communication technologies. Using observations, interviews and formal usability tests, project researchers built up a multi-layered view of computer use, Internet access and interaction with software among people with learning difficulties. To meet the aim of Project Apple, a multimedia Learning Environment (LE), providing learning resources and tools for self-advocacy, is being developed and tested with young people with learning difficulties, teachers and support-staff. Project @pple brought together researchers from a number of academic fields with multimedia producers from small and corporate businesses and the UK’s leading learning disability charity, MENCAP.
The Big Tree.
The Rix Centre runs The Big Tree, a website devoted to the sharing of ideas and information regarding multimedia and its potential uses in the learning disability community. The site's target users are individuals working with or supporting people with mental disabilities.
Other projects.
The Rix Centre has overseen a number of projects involving research, development, and outreach. Some are large collaborative projects; the Rix Living Lab, for instance, was a long-term research and development collaboration with multiple London boroughs, East London voluntary organisations, individuals with learning disabilities, and their supporters. Other endeavors have had more specific aims, such as a collaborative project in Newham using easy-build websites, and a Tower Hamlets-based project focused on the development of a "new media interactive zone" for young people with profound learning disabilities to communicate via video and media technology.
The Rix Centre also hosted Inclusive New Media Design, a project aiming to encourage web designers, developers, and editors to build websites and multimedia content accessible to people with learning disabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="18567222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567222" title="Directorate of Rehabilitation (Sri Lanka Army)">
Directorate of Rehabilitation (Sri Lanka Army)

Sri Lanka Army Rehabilitation Directorate is an administrative unit of the Sri Lanka Army founded in 1988 with responsibility for rehabilitation of veterans.
Ranaviru Sevana.
Ranaviru Sevana, in English "Shelter for War Heroes", is the main establishment operated under Sri Lanka Army's Rehabilitation Directorate. There are thirteen other establishments located around the country operated under the same commandment. Ranaviru Sevana is dedicated to look after young men and women who are permanently disabled due to injuries received in the war. Most of the residents are amputees with one or more limb losses, mainly below the knee. In 2010, about 200 resident patients were receiving long-term treatments.
The Directorate is engaged with several projects to rehabilitate these injured and disabled Soldiers. They are trained to regain abilities with suitable work. For example, those who are able to sit back and work receive clerical training and are assigned to their own unit. Before releasing them from the facility, soldiers are provided with equipment such as Artificial Limbs, Socket Gel Liners, Walking Aid and sanitary aid as appropriate.
Regimental level support.
There are nine RHQ battalions, which are being administered by the Regiments. This directorate provides technical support through the Rehabilitation Team. The soldiers of these RHQ Battalions bear varying disabilities. The Rehabilitation Team visits them and arranges to provide them with support.
Community level support.
The rehabilitation team visits Ranaviru villages of the Sri Lanka Army every six months and conducts rehabilitation clinics, which include a medical clinic. At present 13 villages fall under the scrutiny of this Directorate.

</doc>
<doc id="18567246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567246" title="Yenne, Indiana">
Yenne, Indiana

Yenne is an unincorporated community in Lost River Township, Martin County, Indiana.
Geography.
Yenne is located at .

</doc>
<doc id="18567251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567251" title="Eclectic Guitar">
Eclectic Guitar

Eclectic Guitar is a compilation recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins, released in 2007 on the El label.
History.
The single disc contains 20 tracks from the three-year period of 1954 through 1956 representing Atkins' work in a variety of styles; mostly pop, jazz, and classical with very little country music. Most of the songs are solo performances.
The cover photo had been previously used for the 1961 re-issue of "A Session with Chet Atkins".

</doc>
<doc id="18567253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567253" title="Jill Santoriello">
Jill Santoriello

Jill Santoriello is an American musician, composer, lyricist, and author. She is a self-taught musician (playing piano "by ear") whose award winning first musical A Tale of Two Cities" was an Outer Critics Circle Award nominee for Outstanding New Musical in 2009.
Santoriello was born in Summit, New Jersey and grew up in Berkeley Heights, New Jersey, and graduated from Governor Livingston High School in 1983.
On September 18, 2008, Santoriello's Broadway musical adaptation of "A Tale of Two Cities" officially opened at the Al Hirschfeld Theatre in New York, from previews on August 19. The musical's producers announced on November 4 that the show would be closing on November 16, but closed earlier than expected on November 9.
In addition to the 2009 Outer Critics Circle Award nomination for Outstanding New Musical, "Tale" also received an additional Outer Critics Circle nomination for Best Actor and 3 Drama Desk Award nominations. The world premiere production at the Asolo Theatre was nominated for 12 Sarasota Theater Awards and won 10, including "Best Musical".
In 2009, Santoriello adapted the musical for the concert stage and co-produced a television filming of the concert at the historic Theater Royal in Brighton, England. This television program will be broadcast on public television, WGBH-Boston in December 2009 and a DVD of the show will be made available. Santoriello also co-produced an accompanying studio recording of the score for simultaneous release with the television show.
She also contributed to the music and lyrics to the musical version of Diana Gabaldon's "Outlander". Music by Kevin Walsh and lyrics by Mike Gibb.
Her current project is writing a musical of the 1913 Eleanor H. Porter novel "Pollyanna".
Education.
Santoriello is a Carr Van Anda honors graduate of the Ohio University School of Journalism. She is also an alumna of the BMI and ASCAP Musical Theater Workshops.

</doc>
<doc id="18567260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567260" title="Lateral quantum dot">
Lateral quantum dot

A lateral quantum dot is a type of quantum dot made by imposing a small area of decreased potential in the two-dimensional electron gas (2DEG) by means of electrical gates such that electrons or electron holes are confined in the 2DEG plane. The particles are confined in one dimension laterally where they are free to move in the plane of the 2DEG. Once the potential is applied, it is energetically favorable for a certain number of electrons (or holes) to remain confined in a certain area of the 2DEG causing the remaining two-dimensional freedom to be removed and the three dimensional confinement of the electrons or holes. The 2DEG is confined between two semiconductor sheets such as InAs and GaAs. The fabrication process for a lateral dot is very different from that for a self-assembled quantum dot.

</doc>
<doc id="18567262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567262" title="Heinersdorf">
Heinersdorf

Heinersdorf is a locality in the borough of Pankow in Berlin, Germany. It is located close to the centre of Pankow.
History.
It was first mentioned in a 1319 document when it was sold by Margrave Waldemar of Brandenburg to the Hospital of the Holy Ghost in Berlin. After that it changed its owner several times.
In 1920 it was incorporated into Greater Berlin and belonged to the former "Pankow" borough, until in 1985 it was merged with Karow, Blankenburg and Weissensee. These localities belong to Pankow again after Berlin's 2001 administrative reform.
The foundations of the fieldstone church were laid about 1300. It features two stained glass windows by Charles Crodel from 1946. Another landmark is the Heinersdorf water tower, which was erected in 1910. Original part of a planned town hall that has never been built, it later served as a Flak tower and as a listening station of the Red Army. Since 1991 the building is abandoned.
Nowadays Heinerdorf is often in the media due to a controversy on the establishment of the Khadija Mosque by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community.
Transportation.
Heinersdorf is served by the Berlin S-Bahn lines S2 and S8 at the Pankow-Heinersdorf station. A tramway connection to the inner city is provided by the "M2" line of the Berlin Straßenbahn.
The federal highway ("Bundesstraße") 109 running along the street "Prenzlauer Promemade" to the A114 "Autobahnzubringer Prenzlau" motorway marks Heinersdorf's western border.

</doc>
<doc id="18567289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567289" title="Karmøy-Posten">
Karmøy-Posten

Karmøy-Posten was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Karmøy in Rogaland county.
"Karmøy-Posten" was started in 1911. In 1939 it was absorbed by Haugesund-based newspaper "Haugesunds Dagblad".

</doc>
<doc id="18567296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567296" title="M.T. Mehdi">
M.T. Mehdi

Mohammed (sometimes spelled "Mohammad") Taki Mehdi, commonly M.T. Mehdi (January 6, 1928 - February 15, 1998) was an Iraqi-American based in New York. He was highly visible in media circles for being one of the earliest pro-Palestinian activists in the United States, and garnered controversy for his often brash defense of the Palestinian cause. He held debates on television and radio with many supporters of Israel, including the late Rabbi Meir Kahane. He died of cardiac arrest at Bellevue Hospital in 1998.
Life.
Dr. M.T. Mehdi was born in Baghdad (then in the British Mandate of Mesopotamia) in 1928. He came the United States to study at the University of California at Berkeley to pursue a doctorate in Political Science. He sued, successfully, the New York City Board of Education to require it to display Islamic crescents along with Christian and Jewish symbols during the holiday season. Out of his three daughters, Anisa Mehdi is the most prominent as an award-winning documentary filmmaker.
M.T. Mehdi founded the Action Committee on American-Arab Relations out of whole cloth, and interviewed Sirhan Sirhan several times during his imprisonment, at which time M.T. Mehdi was the president of the American-Arab Relations Committee.
Controversy.
M.T. Mehdi was a leading pro-Palestinian activist in the United States, and openly supported the Palestine Liberation Organization. He was criticized for his support of Sirhan, a Palestinian, and Mehdi's numerous interviews with him, as well as his belief that Sirhan acted justifiably. He wrote a 100-page book entitled ""Kennedy and Sirhan: Why?"", and had said that he believed Sirhan had acted in justifiable self-defense, stating: "Sirhan was defending himself against those 50 Phantom jets Kennedy was sending to Israel." 
Further, after the 1993 World Trade Center bombings, he gave counsel to the blind sheikh Omar Abdel-Rahman, who was later convicted and given a life sentence for his role in the attacks.
He has also been criticized for his denouncing of Yasser Arafat, especially by those within the Muslim organizations. Regarding Arafat's red-carpet welcome from President Bill Clinton, M.T. Mehdi, then-president of the American Arab and Muslim Council, denounced Arafat as "... a pawn in the reelection bids of both Clinton and Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres...", who visited the White House on April 30, 1996. "He is being as well-received as Peres because he is doing what Peres wants him to do," said Mehdi. "It's a charade." 

</doc>
<doc id="18567298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567298" title="Digital pattern generator">
Digital pattern generator

A digital pattern generator is a piece of electronic test equipment or software used to generate digital electronics stimuli. Digital electronics stimuli are a specific kind of electrical waveform varying between two conventional voltages that correspond to two logic states (‘low state’ and ‘high state’, ‘0’ and ‘1’). The main purpose of a digital pattern generator is to stimulate the inputs of a digital electronic device. For that reason, the voltage levels generated by a digital pattern generator are often compatible with digital electronics I/O standards – TTL, LVTTL, LVCMOS and LVDS, for instance.
Digital pattern generators are sometimes referred to as ‘pulse generator’ or ‘pulse pattern generator’ which may be able to function as digital pattern generators as well. Hence, the distinction between the two types of equipment may not be clear. A digital pattern generator is a source of synchronous digital stimulus; the generated signal is interesting for testing digital electronics at logic level - this is why they are also called 'logic source'. A pulse generator is of purpose to generate electrical pulse of different shapes; they are mostly used for tests at an electrical or analog level.
Another common name for such equipment is 'digital logic source' or 'logic source'.
Digital pattern generator can produce either repetitive, or single-shot signals in which case some kind of triggering source is required (internal or external).
Types of digital pattern generators.
Digital pattern generators are today available as stand-alone units, add-on hardware modules for other equipment such as a analyzer or as PC-based equipment.
Stand-alone units are self-contained devices that include everything from the user interface to define the patterns that should be generated to the electronic that actually generates the output signal.
Some test equipment manufacturers propose pattern generators as add-on modules for logic analyzers (see for example the PG3A module for Tektronix' TLA7000 series of logic analyzers). In this case, the pattern generator is the 'generation counterpart' to the analysis functionality offered by logic analyzers.
PC-based digital pattern generators are connected to a PC through peripheral ports such as PCI, USB and/or Ethernet (see for example the 'Wave Generator Xpress' from Byte Paradigm, connected through USB). They use the PC as user interface for defining and storing the digital patterns to be sent.
Features.
Digital pattern generators are primarily characterized by a number of digital channels, a maximum rate and the supported voltage standards.
Most digital pattern generator add features such as the ability to generate a repetitive sequence or a digital clock signal at a specified frequency, the ability to use an external clock input and triggering options, to start pattern generation upon the reception of an event from an external input.
Special purpose digital pattern generators.
Video digital pattern generators are digital pattern generators dedicated to the generation of a specific test pattern in a specific digital video format such as DVI or HDMI.

</doc>
<doc id="18567342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567342" title="Alexander Halprin">
Alexander Halprin

Alexander Halprin (21 March 1868, Saint Petersburg – 20 May 1921, Vienna) was a Russian–Austrian chess master.
He took 6th at Vienna 1895/96 (Carl Schlechter and Max Weiss won), lost a match to Kalikst Morawski (+7 –2 =1) at Vienna 1896, tied for 3rd–4th at Vienna 1897/98 (Georg Marco won), took 16th at Vienna 1898 (Siegbert Tarrasch and Harry Pillsbury won), 
Halprin, Marco, and Hugo Fähndrich were the editors of "Wiener Schachzeitung" (Viennese chess newspaper) which published supplements containing tourney games and notes throughout the whole contest.
He also took 6th at Vienna 1900 (Schlechter won), and took 13th at Munich 1900 (the 12th DSB Congress, Pillsbury, Schlechter and Géza Maróczy won).

</doc>
<doc id="18567371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567371" title="Buffalo Gap Historic Village">
Buffalo Gap Historic Village

Buffalo Gap Historic Village is a large museum of fifteen outdoor structures and West Texas artifacts that reach back to the late 19th century and the early 20th century located in the small town of Buffalo Gap south of Abilene, Texas. The museum focuses particularly upon the years 1883, 1905, and 1925. The village is centered on the original Old Taylor County Courthouse and Jail from 1879. Several entire buildings have been moved to the village from other parts of the state for display, including an early Texaco gasoline station. The Old Taylor County Courthouse and Jail building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Other buildings include pioneer log cabins, a medical display, a barbershop, railroad depot with working telegraph system, blacksmith shop, two-room school, bank, post office, and air-conditioned chapel. Additionally, there is a large collection of firearms, Indian, and farm/ranch-related material, all displayed informally. The gift shop has an assortment of books and Texas gifts. A short video on the history of the region is presented in the visitors center. Picnicking facilities and playground equipment are available.
The village originated as a historic site in 1956. Three years later, Ernie Wilson, a lawyer historian, rancher, and churchman, purchased the courthouse building and established a small museum of Indian and Western artifacts. Wilson also procured two other Taylor County structures, the Hill House and the Knight/Sayles Cabin. All are incorporated in the Buffalo Gap Village. Wilson died in 1970. The site was purchased in 1977 by R. Lee Rode, M.D., and his wife, Ann. The Rodes expanded the site by acquiring more regional historic structures. When Rode retired from medicine, he offered the village for sale. Through the efforts of the Taylor County Historical Foundation, the village was maintained intact and acquired by the Grady McWhiney Research Foundation. It is operated as a non-profit educational facility. The village charges a small admission fee.
Since 1999, the McWhiney Foundation has developed an interpretive theme for the site. Visitors can learn the history of the last half century of the Texas frontier between 1875 and 1925. They can obtain an understanding of the forces, such as the automobile, that brought change to the region. The village offers special events and lectures. A short book, "The Texas You Expect: The Story of Buffalo Gap Historic Village", is now in publication.
Buffalo Gap Village offers the public access to the Chautauqua Learning Series. These are monthly lectures based on the Chautauqua movement which spread throughout the rural United States at the turn of the 20th century. Speakers on the circuit included the entertainer Charles Ross Taggart and the three-time Democratic presidential nominee William Jennings Bryan. A sample lecture is entitled "Victorian Underpinnings: Why Did They Wear That?" about heavy women's clothing in the 19th century.
Buffalo Gap also hosts musical events, including the annual Bluegrass Festival.
The community is four miles northeast of Lake Abilene and the Abilene State Park. Less than ten miles away is the new state-of-the art Frontier Texas! museum in downtown Abilene, which features narration by the former "Gunsmoke" star Buck Taylor. Lake Kirby within Abilene offers fishing and picnicking.
External links.
Facebook.com/BuffaloGapHistoricVillage

</doc>
<doc id="18567393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567393" title="Sead Sušić">
Sead Sušić

Sead Sušić (born 3 January 1953) is a retired Bosnian football player who played for Red Star Belgrade, among other teams. He also earned one cap for Yugoslavia.
Club career.
Sušić arrived to Red Star Belgrade in 1971 as a talented 18-year-old where he played under head coach Miljan Miljanić.
After retiring from playing Sušić has been living in Liège where he's working as a FIFA-licensed players' agent. During the late 1980s and early 1990s, he owned a restaurant in Sarajevo.
Personal life.
His son is Tino-Sven Sušić. Safet Sušić is his younger brother.

</doc>
<doc id="18567411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567411" title="2000–01 Slovenian Cup">
2000–01 Slovenian Cup


</doc>
<doc id="18567431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567431" title="Embekka Devalaya">
Embekka Devalaya

Embekka Devalaya (Embekka Temple) was built by the King Vikramabahu III of Gampola Era (AD 1357 - 1374) in Sri Lanka.
The Devalaya in Embekka is dedicated to the worship of Mahasen, popularly known as Katharagama Deviyo. A local deity called Devatha Bandara is also worshiped at this site. The shrine consists of three sections, the "Sanctum of Garagha", the "Digge" or "Dancing Hall" and the "Hevisi Mandapaya" or the "Drummers' Hall". The Drummers' Hall that has drawn the attention of visitors to the site, due to the splendid wood carvings of its ornate pillars and its high pitched roof.
Carvings and Wood Work.
It is said that some of the wood work utilized for the "Drummers' Hall" came from an abandoned "Royal Audience Hall" at Gampola. There is every possibility the hall has seen repairs during the reigns of the Sinhalese Kings of Kandy. The carvings, which adorn the wooden pillars of the drummers' hall, as well as the "Vahalkada" (the entrance porch of the devala, which is said to be older) are some of the best examples of Sinhalese art.
The roof itself has significant features. The rafters all slant from above towards the incoming visitor are fixed together and kept in position by a "Madol Kurupawa", a kind of a giant catch pin the like of which we do not find elsewhere.
Location.
Embekka Devalaya is situated in Medapalata Korale of Udunuwara in Kandy district. The easiest way to get to Embekka is coming from Colombo - Kandy main road at Pilimathalawa. There is a clear sign post hosted by the Archaeological Department of Sri Lanka at the start of the road to Embekka. It is about 7 – from Pilimathalawa to Embekka from the Colombo - Kandy main road. On the Daulagala road proceed about a mile and you will come to the Gadaladeniya junction, which you can see the famous Gadaladeniya Viharaya right at the junction. Both roads from the junction would take you to Embekka. The shortest would be the one to the right, but if you wish to see the Lankathilaka Viharaya you should take the road to the left. If you take the road to the left you can see the Embekka Ambalama just before you arrive at the Embekka Devalaya.

</doc>
<doc id="18567469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567469" title="1971 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1971 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1971 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Belgrade, Yugoslavia.
The men's competition consisted of six Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Three events were held for the women, all in kayak. C-1 500 m and C-2 500 m events debutted at these championships.
This was the ninth championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18567490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567490" title="Bothriopsis taeniata">
Bothriopsis taeniata

Bothriopsis taeniata is a species of pit viper found in the equatorial forests of South America. The specific name, "taenia", is derived from the Greek word, "tainia", meaning ribbon bandage or stripe, in reference to the slender body. Two subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
Description.
Adults are usually less than 100 cm (39 inches) in total length, although some may grow to as much as . The maximum total length is for a specimen from Tepoe, Suriname. 
The body is relatively slender with a prehensile tail. The color pattern is extremely complex, varying overall from lavender gray to yellow green, while juveniles undergo considerable ontogenetic color change as they mature into adults. 
It is distinguished from other members of this genus by having mostly single subcaudal scales and a row of bold white spots where the dorsal and ventral scales meet.
Geographic range.
Widespread in the equatorial forests of South America in Ecuador, Colombia, Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname, French Guiana, Brazil, Peru, and Bolivia. The type locality given is ""flumen Amazonum"", which according to Vanzolini (1981) refers to the section of the Amazon River between the mouth of the Tajapuru river (01°02'S, 51°02'W) and the mouth of the Negros river (03°08'S, 59°55'W).
Habitat.
Inhabits rainforests in lowlands and foothills, as well as moist tropical forests. Usually found in vines and low vegetation in primary forest and along forest edges. It is suspected of living mainly in the forest canopy.
Behavior.
Arboreal.
Venom.
Only two cases of bites from this species have been documented, and both involved severe local swelling of the entire bitten limb. In the second case, the tissue damage was so severe that it led to amputation of the afflicted limb despite antivenin treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="18567504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567504" title="Tom Bennett (footballer)">
Tom Bennett (footballer)

Thomas McNeill "Tom" Bennett (born 12 December 1969 in Bo'ness, near Falkirk) is a Scottish former footballer.
Career.
Bennett joined Aston Villa on schoolboy forms aged 14, and was given a professional contract in 1987. However, he remained on their books as a senior pro for just one season before being released without making a first team appearance in July 1988. He joined fellow Midlanders Wolverhampton Wanderers the following day and made his league debut on 10 January 1989 as a substitute in a 2-0 win against Cardiff.
He made the vast majority of his Wolves appearances between 1990-1992 (in the second tier), and from then onward made only sporadic first team outings. He was eventually sold in June 1995 to Stockport County for £75,000.
At Edgeley Park, he quickly became a first choice player and was part of the team that won promotion from the Second Division in 1996/97, a season which also saw them reach the League Cup semi-finals. Here, he played in his preferred midfield role rather than the full-back position he had usually occupied with his previous club.
His career at County was interrupted by a broken leg sustained at Birmingham in January 1998. This injury ended his status as an automatic choice and he made just 17 further appearances for the club over the following two seasons.
After 146 appearances in total, he left Stockport for Walsall in July 2000, after previously having had two loan spells with them. He became their captain and helped them gain promotion to the First Division via the play-offs in his first full season, beating Reading in the final. He was a virtual ever-present in their first season back in the second flight, but departed at its conclusion for Boston United.
He played in Boston's inaugural season in the Football League, but left midway through their second season for fellow League Two side Kidderminster Harriers. However, Harriers were relegated from the league at the season's end and Bennett returned to his native Scotland with Hamilton Academical. His return proved short-lived though as he managed just three games in all before injury called time on his playing career.
Since leaving football, he joined a rock band as vocalist in the Stockport-based "Fracture".

</doc>
<doc id="18567565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567565" title="2006 PapaJohns.com Bowl">
2006 PapaJohns.com Bowl

The 2006 PapaJohns.com Bowl was the inaugural postseason college football match of the game, between the East Carolina Pirates and the South Florida Bulls at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. East Carolina University represented Conference USA and the University of South Florida represented the Big East Conference. The game resulted in a 24–7 South Florida victory.
In the inaugural game, South Florida's Benjamin Williams scored the game's first points just over ninety seconds into the game as one of his two touchdowns on the day, and earned the game's MVP honors. Notably, South Florida had previously been a member of C-USA. Moreover, East Carolina's then head coach Skip Holtz, would later become USF head coach Jim Leavitt's successor following the 2009 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18567581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567581" title="Cannone da 70/15">
Cannone da 70/15

The Cannone da 70/15 was a mountain gun was used by Italy during World War I. By World War II it had been relegated to the infantry gun role in units assigned to Italian East Africa.
It lacked a modern recoil system and was virtually obsolescent upon its introduction in 1904. But it took the Italians almost a decade to field the Cannone da 65/17 modello 13 as its replacement. It was gradually phased out of the mountain role and transferred to the infantry as an infantry gun.
It was broken-down into four loads for transport.

</doc>
<doc id="18567584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567584" title="Randeep Surjewala">
Randeep Surjewala

Randeep Singh Surjewala (born 3 June 1967) is an Indian politician belonging to Congress party. He is an MLA in the Haryana State Legislature and the current Water Supply and Sanitation, Parliamentary Affairs, Electronics and Information Technology, Science and Technology and Public Works (Building and Roads).
minister in Haryana cabinet. In 2005, he was given the Transport and Parliamentary Affairs becoming the youngest Minister in Haryana. In 1996 and 2005 he defeated Om Prakash Chautala on both occasions.
Early life.
Randeep Singh Surjewala was born in Chandigarh the youngest and fourth child of Ch. Shamsher Singh Surjewala, and Vidya. His father was then Minister for Agriculture & Co-operatives of Haryana.He has three elder sisters – Madhu Dalal, Poonam Chaudhery and Neeru.
He went to Adarsh Bal Mandir and Arya Higher Secondary School, Narwana. He did his Bachelor of Commerce (Hons.) (1981–85) from DAV School and his Bachelor of Law degree (1985–88) from Faculty of Law, Panjab University, Chandigarh. During his years in Law Faculty, he remained Member of the Consultative Committee of the Faculty as also Chairman of the Lawyer’s Forum. He was also awarded his Master’s degree in Political Science by the same University in April 1995.
. His father was expelled from Yadvindra State High School by the ruler of Sangrur for espousing the agenda of Indian National Congress. In September 1957; his father started his law practice as an ace lawyer specializing in criminal law and jurisprudence but amiably graduated to grassroots politics getting elected first as Managing Director of Central Co-operative Bank, Sangur in 1959-60 and then as Chairman of Panchayat Samiti, Kalayat (now in District Kaithal) in 1961 and again in 1964. Randeep’s father is also a veteran Parliamentarian having been elected to Haryana Legislative Assembly in 1967, 1977, 1982, 1991 and 2005 and to Indian Parliament in 1993.
Career.
As a lawyer.
Randeep Surjewala started his practice as an advocate at 21 in 1988. He commenced his practice with the solicitors firm ‘Shroff & Company, New Delhi’ in 1988 and later in the High Court of Punjab & Haryana at Chandigarh in 1991. Besides corporate and commercial litigation, he took up issues relating to farmers for their land.
Organisational roles.
At the age of 17, he was appointed as the youngest General Secretary of Haryana Pradesh Youth Congress. He was also appointed as the Youngest Senator of the Punjab University, Chandigarh in 1992. He also remained a Member of the Faculty Consultative Committee in the Law Faculty. He was again the youngest member to the syndicate of Punjab University, Chandigarh from 1995–96 and member of Academic Council, Member of Joint Consultative Committee and Youth Affairs Committee of the Punjab University Chandigarh. He also served as Chairman of the Haryana Lawyers’ Forum from 1990-95. From 1987-90, he was an active participant to rebuild the Congress in Haryana alongside his father, then PCC President.
He was in April 1986 as youngest Joint Secretary of Haryana State Youth Congress and then as General Secretary. In March 2000; Randeep became first ‘Haryanvi’ to be appointed as the National President of the Indian Youth Congress (IYC). He continued to be the President up till February 2005, thus making it the longest tenure in the history of IYC. In August 2004, he was appointed as Secretary of All India Congress Committee, the youngest office bearer. In the run-up to the Assembly elections in Haryana, he was appointed as Working President of Haryana Pradesh Congress Committee in December 2004 at the age of 37, the youngest President of PCC in the State.
On 20 August 2002; Youth Congress set up a world record of blood donation by organizing donation of 14,089 units of blood in a single day.
Elections.
He contested four elections to the Haryana Legislative Assembly, 1993 bye election, 1996, 2000 and 2005. The party chose to field him against former Chief Minister, Om Prakash Chautala. He won in 1996 and 2005 defeating him on both occasions, a historical victory over, then sitting Chief Minister, a first in Northern India.
As a Minister.
In March 2005, Randeep was inducted as youngest Cabinet Minister in Haryana Cabinet headed by Chief Minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda with portfolios of Transport & Civil Aviation; PWD (Water Supply & Sanitation) and Parliamentary Affairs. Since September 2007; Randeep was a Minister for Power; PWD (Water Supply & Sanitation) and Parliamentary Affairs and heads the Standing Policy Framing Committee on Civil Aviation. In November 2009, Randeep Singh Surjewala became Cabinet minister in Haryana Government, and holds the portfolios of Water Supply and Sanitation, Parliamentary Affairs, Electronics and Information Technology, Science and Technology and Public Works (Building and Roads) Department.
Personal life.
Randeep Surjewala is married to Gayatri in December 1991 and has two sons, Arjun and Aditya.

</doc>
<doc id="18567597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567597" title="Pas le temps">
Pas le temps

"Pas le temps" is the name of a 2006 song recorded by French rapper Faf Larage. It was released as a single in September 2006 and featured as theme for credits of the American action/serial drama television series "Prison Break". The B-side is "C'est pas ma faute", a song that was released as a single in October 2007. "Pas le temps" achieved a huge success in France and Belgium (Wallonia), topping the charts for two months, even becoming the best-selling single of 2006 in France and the 956th one of all time in this country. To date, it remains Larage's first big hit and his signature song.

</doc>
<doc id="18567616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567616" title="Idiot (1992 film)">
Idiot (1992 film)

Idiot is a 1992 Hindi film based on Fyodor Dostoevsky's novel, "The Idiot". It was directed by Mani Kaul and starred Shahrukh Khan and Ayub Khan-Din. The film debuted at the New York Film Festival in October 1992. In this version of the tale, placed in contemporary Mumbai, Prince Miskin (Khan-Din) is a man whose epilepsy is mistaken for idiocy.
Production and release.
The film was first released as a four-part television mini-series on state-run Doordarshan channel in 1991, and despite it outing at debuted at the New York Film Festival in October 1992, it was never commercially released.

</doc>
<doc id="18567659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567659" title="1996 Qatar Open – Singles">
1996 Qatar Open – Singles

Stefan Edberg was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Boris Becker.
Petr Korda won in the final 7–6(7–5), 2–6, 7–6(7–5) against Younes El Aynaoui.

</doc>
<doc id="18567685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18567685" title="Frank Paton">
Frank Paton

Frank Paton (1855–1909) was an English artist of the Victorian and Edwardian eras, best known for his paintings of animals and scenes of rural life. He was a successful artist during his lifetime and could even count Queen Victoria as an admirer of his work. His most famous compositions, "Fairest of Them All" and "Puss in Boots" (1880), have adorned many a wall in the form of plates and posters. In addition, his series of printed Christmas cards published between 1880 and 1909 have become an affordable way for those interested in Paton's art to begin a collection.
Biography.
Frank Paton was born on 23 November 1855 in Stepney, London, England. His parents were James Paton and Mary Ann Paton (née Ross) and he was the youngest of their seven children. Although Stepney, in the East End of London, was a stronghold for the Paton family, Frank Paton grew up in and around Gravesend, Kent as his father was a maritime pilot (Gravesend, at the mouth of the river Thames, was a pilot station for the port of London).
Unlike his brothers, the majority of whom entered the Merchant Navy, Frank Paton showed an early talent for drawing animals and was allowed to follow his artistic bent. His first known exhibition was at the age of sixteen, the piece being a portrait of a German peasant girl. Family rumour has it that Paton briefly spent time in France working in stained glass before being recalled by his father. It is believed that he then travelled to, and made a living in, Australia. Paton had relatives in Australia - an Uncle and Aunt had emigrated there from London in the 1850s and settled in Williamstown, Victoria - so this is plausible and Australian immigration records of the time show that a Frank Paton, aged 19, an unassisted passenger on the "Shannon" from London, arrived in Melbourne in September 1875.
If Paton did spend time in Australia then it is unclear for how long. What is certain, however, is that he was in England during 1878 as this was the year that his painting "You Are No Chicken" - a modest sized oil on panel featuring two chicks staring at a frog - was accepted by the Royal Academy for exhibition. It was to be a turning point in the young artist's career as the work was purchased by Edward Ernest Leggatt. Although only the same age as Paton, Leggatt was already running a print and art dealership from a Fenchurch Street address in London. "You Are No Chicken" was engraved in mezzotint by J B Pratt in 1880. Its commercial success cemented a lifelong association with Leggatt, who became the main publisher of Frank Paton's work. 
In April 1881 Frank Paton married Mary Sophia Edwards (1852–1929), with the artist Basil Holmes (c.1825 - 1902) bearing witness to the union. Mary, known as 'Marian' within the family, was from Winterborne Houghton in Dorset. She was brought up from an early age by Basil Holmes and his wife Lydia, who was Mary's maternal aunt. Most likely under the tutorage of Basil Holmes, Mary became a talented, amateur artist in her own right as is evident from a pair of etchings by her own hand: "Old Inn Chigwell" and "A Glade near Woodford".
After marrying, Frank Paton mainly lived in rural communities in Kent and in Essex. He divided his time between London and the countryside, accepting commissions for animal portraits from their owners. He was a good family man and raised four sons and three daughters with his wife. Of these, his second eldest son Basil and youngest daughter Dorothy showed considerable artistic talent (the latter becoming a commercial artist and occasionally exhibiting works in public). 
Although never a member of the Royal Academy, a total of 20 works by Paton were exhibited at their annual selling exhibition between the years 1878 and 1890. However, Frank Paton is perhaps most widely known for his series of etched Christmas cards published annually by Edward Ernest Leggatt from 1880 until Paton's death in 1909. They were intended to be a cut above the average Christmas card and sold for half a guinea each. Their format became quite formulaic over the years. A central subject reflecting the title of the print was usually complemented by a series of often humorous sketches around its border. A number of the prints would be sent from the printers to be signed in pencil by Paton.
From 1890 Frank Paton no longer exhibited at the Royal Academy following a dispute with the organisers. His reputation firmly established, it was of little consequence and the artist continued to work until his final days. At the time of his death Paton was living in Walton-on-the-Naze, Essex. During the summer of 1909 the family had moved to a new house, which was undergoing alterations and repairs. Paton spent the day of 12 November 1909 discussing and supervising the works with his builder and then in the evening, at around 11.30, suffered a heart attack. Although a doctor was called, Frank Paton died from heart failure at around 5.30 am on 13 November 1909, just 10 days short of his 54th birthday. In 1919 Edward E. Leggatt donated a full set of copies of Frank Paton's prints to the British Museum. In the inside cover of the Museum's portfolio of the artist is an anonymous tribute to Paton, written shortly after his death. Frank Paton is described as, "A kindly, modest, unassuming man with a rare fund of humour, which is reflected in his etchings. He leaves a large circle of friends and admirers to mourn his untimely and terribly sudden death." Fittingly, Paton's last ever Christmas card was called "The End of the Day".
Christmas cards by Frank Paton.
1880 Xmas card<br>
1881 Xmas card<br>
1882 Xmas card<br>
1883 Xmas card<br>
1884 Cheapside - E.E. Leggatt's New Shop<br>
1884 Xmas card<br>
1885 Xmas card<br>
1886 Meeting of Unemployed<br>
1887 Not at Home<br>
1888 Round and Ready<br>
1889 The Good Old Days<br>
1890 Every Dog Has Its Day<br>
1891 Notice To Quit<br>
1892 The Pleasures of Hope<br>
1893 Out of the Hunt<br>
1894 Royal and Ancient (St Andrews)<br>
1895 The Ordeal by Fire<br>
1896 Recollections of a Record Reign<br>
1897 Gone Away<br>
1898 Our Grandfathers' Hobbies<br>
1899 British Interests<br>
1900 Coming Events Cast their Shadows Before<br>
1901 Dy’e Ken John Peel<br>
1902 A Deep Dream of Peace (Leigh Hunt)<br>
1904 Hunting Incidents<br>
1905 Are You There<br>
1906 Gun Fire "A Good Start"<br>
1907 Eight Above the Line<br>
1908 The World Went Very Well Then (Xmas)<br>
1909 The End of the Day (signed on the day he died)
From a book of Christmas Cards by Frank Paton, held at the British Museum.
Original etchings by Frank Paton.
After Thomas Blinks
Works exhibited by the Royal Academy.
1878 "You are no chicken" (139)

</doc>
