<doc id="18649548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649548" title="Private equity in the 2000s">
Private equity in the 2000s

Private equity in the 2000s relates to one of the major periods in the history of private equity and venture capital. Within the broader private equity industry, two distinct sub-industries, leveraged buyouts and venture capital experienced growth along parallel although interrelated tracks.
The development of the private equity and venture capital asset classes has occurred through a series of boom and bust cycles since the middle of the 20th century. As the 20th century ended, so, too, did the dot-com bubble and the tremendous growth in venture capital that had marked the previous five years. In the wake of the collapse of the dot-com bubble, a new "Golden Age" of private equity ensued, as leveraged buyouts reach unparalleled size and the private equity firms achieved new levels of scale and institutionalization, exemplified by the initial public offering of the Blackstone Group in 2007.
Bursting the Internet Bubble and the private equity crash (2000–2003).
The Nasdaq crash and technology slump that started in March 2000 shook virtually the entire venture capital industry as valuations for startup technology companies collapsed. Over the next two years, many venture firms had been forced to write-off large proportions of their investments and many funds were significantly "under water" (the values of the fund's investments were below the amount of capital invested). Venture capital investors sought to reduce size of commitments they had made to venture capital funds and in numerous instances, investors sought to unload existing commitments for cents on the dollar in the secondary market. By mid-2003, the venture capital industry had shriveled to about half its 2001 capacity. Nevertheless, PricewaterhouseCoopers' MoneyTree Survey shows that total venture capital investments held steady at 2003 levels through the second quarter of 2005.
Although the post-boom years represent just a small fraction of the peak levels of venture investment reached in 2000, they still represent an increase over the levels of investment from 1980 through 1995. As a percentage of GDP, venture investment was 0.058% percent in 1994, peaked at 1.087% (nearly 19x the 1994 level) in 2000 and ranged from 0.164% to 0.182% in 2003 and 2004. The revival of an Internet-driven environment (thanks to deals such as eBay's purchase of Skype, the News Corporation's purchase of MySpace.com, and the very successful Google.com and Salesforce.com IPOs) have helped to revive the venture capital environment. However, as a percentage of the overall private equity market, venture capital has still not reached its mid-1990s level, let alone its peak in 2000.
Stagnation in the LBO market.
Meanwhile, as the venture sector collapsed, the activity in the leveraged buyout market also declined significantly. Leveraged buyout firms had invested heavily in the telecommunications sector from 1996 to 2000 and profited from the boom which suddenly fizzled in 2001. In that year at least 27 major telecommunications companies, (i.e., with $100 million of liabilities or greater) filed for bankruptcy protection. Telecommunications, which made up a large portion of the overall high yield universe of issuers, dragged down the entire high yield market. Overall corporate default rates surged to levels unseen since the 1990 market collapse rising to 6.3% of high yield issuance in 2000 and 8.9% of issuance in 2001. Default rates on junk bonds peaked at 10.7 percent in January 2002 according to Moody's. As a result, leveraged buyout activity ground to a halt. The major collapses of former high-fliers including WorldCom, Adelphia Communications, Global Crossing and Winstar Communications were among the most notable defaults in the market. In addition to the high rate of default, many investors lamented the low recovery rates achieved
through restructuring or bankruptcy.
Among the most affected by the bursting of the internet and telecom bubbles were two of the largest and most active private equity firms of the 1990s: Tom Hicks' Hicks Muse Tate & Furst and Ted Forstmann's Forstmann Little & Company. These firms were often cited as the highest profile private equity casualties, having invested heavily in technology and telecommunications companies. Hicks Muse's reputation and market position were both damaged by the loss of over $1 billion from minority investments in six telecommunications and 13 Internet companies at the peak of the 1990s stock market bubble. Similarly, Forstmann suffered major losses from investments in McLeodUSA and XO Communications. Tom Hicks resigned from Hicks Muse at the end of 2004 and Forstmann Little was unable to raise a new fund. The treasure of the State of Connecticut, sued Forstmann Little to return the state's $96 million investment to that point
and to cancel the commitment it made to take its total investment to $200 million. The humbling of these private equity titans could hardly have been predicted by their investors in the 1990s and forced fund investors to conduct due diligence on fund managers more carefully and include greater controls on investments in partnership agreements.
Deals completed during this period tended to be smaller and financed less with high yield debt than in other periods. Private equity firms had to cobble together financing made up of bank loans and mezzanine debt, often with higher equity contributions than had been seen. Private equity firms benefited from the lower valuation multiples. As a result, despite the relatively limited activity, those funds that invested during the adverse market conditions delivered attractive returns to investors. Meanwhile, in Europe LBO activity began to increase as the market continued to mature. In 2001, for the first time, European buyout activity exceeded US activity with $44 billion of deals completed in Europe as compared with just $10.7 billion of deals completed in the US. This was a function of the fact that just six LBOs in excess of $500 million were completed in 2001, against 27 in 2000.
As investors sought to reduce their exposure to the private equity asset class, an area of private equity that was increasingly active in these years was the nascent secondary market for private equity interests. Secondary transaction volume increased from historical levels of 2% or 3% of private equity commitments to 5% of the addressable market in the early years of the new decade. Many of the largest financial institutions (e.g., Deutsche Bank, Abbey National, UBS AG) sold portfolios of direct investments and “pay-to-play” funds portfolios that were typically used as a means to gain entry to lucrative leveraged finance and mergers and acquisitions assignments but had created hundreds of millions of dollars of losses. Some of the most notable (publicly disclosed) secondary transactions, completed by financial institutions during this period, include:
The third private equity boom and the Golden Age of Private Equity (2003–2007).
As 2002 ended and 2003 began, the private equity sector, had spent the previous two and a half years reeling from major losses in telecommunications and technology companies and had been severely constrained by tight credit markets. As 2003 got underway, private equity began a five-year resurgence that would ultimately result in the completion of 13 of the 15 largest leveraged buyout transactions in history, unprecedented levels of investment activity and investor commitments and a major expansion and maturation of the leading private equity firms.
The combination of decreasing interest rates, loosening lending standards and regulatory changes for publicly traded companies would set the stage for the largest boom private equity had seen. The Sarbanes Oxley legislation, officially the Public Company Accounting Reform and Investor Protection Act, passed in 2002, in the wake of corporate scandals at Enron, WorldCom, Tyco, Adelphia, Peregrine Systems and Global Crossing, Qwest Communications International, among others, would create a new regime of rules and regulations for publicly traded corporations. In addition to the existing focus on short term earnings rather than long term value creation, many public company executives lamented the extra cost and bureaucracy associated with Sarbanes-Oxley compliance. For the first time, many large corporations saw private equity ownership as potentially more attractive than remaining public. Sarbanes-Oxley would have the opposite effect on the venture capital industry. The
increased compliance costs would make it nearly impossible for venture capitalists to bring young companies to the public markets and dramatically reduced the opportunities for exits via IPO. Instead, venture capitalists have been forced increasingly to rely on sales to strategic buyers for an exit of their investment.
Interest rates, which began a major series of decreases in 2002 would reduce the cost of borrowing and increase the ability of private equity firms to finance large acquisitions. Lower interest rates would encourage investors to return to relatively dormant high-yield debt and leveraged loan markets, making debt more readily available to finance buyouts. Additionally, alternative investments also became increasingly important as investors sought yield despite increases in risk. This search for higher yielding investments would fuel larger funds and in turn larger deals, never thought possible, became reality.
Certain buyouts were completed in 2001 and early 2002, particularly in Europe where financing was more readily available. In 2001, for example, BT Group agreed to sell its international yellow pages directories business (Yell Group) to Apax Partners and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst for £2.14 billion (approximately $3.5 billion at the time), making it then the largest non-corporate LBO in European history. Yell later bought US directories publisher McLeodUSA for about $600 million, and floated on London's FTSE in 2003.
Resurgence of the large buyout.
Marked by the two-stage buyout of Dex Media at the end of 2002 and 2003, large multi-billion dollar U.S. buyouts could once again obtain significant high yield debt financing and larger transactions could be completed. The Carlyle Group, Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe, along with other private investors, led a $7.5 billion buyout of QwestDex. The buyout was the third largest corporate buyout since 1989. QwestDex's purchase occurred in two stages: a $2.75 billion acquisition of assets known as Dex Media East in November 2002 and a $4.30 billion acquisition of assets known as Dex Media West in 2003. R. H. Donnelley Corporation acquired Dex Media in 2006. Shortly after Dex Media, other larger buyouts would be completed signaling the resurgence in private equity was underway. The acquisitions included "Burger King" (by Bain Capital), "Jefferson Smurfit" (by Madison Dearborn), "Houghton Mifflin" (by Bain Capital, the Blackstone Group and Thomas H. Lee Partners) and TRW Automotive by the Blackstone Group.
In 2006 USA Today reported retrospectively on the revival of private equity:
By 2004 and 2005, major buyouts were once again becoming common and market observers were stunned by the leverage levels and financing terms obtained by financial sponsors in their buyouts. Some of the notable buyouts of this period include:
Age of the mega-buyout.
As 2005 ended and 2006 began, new "largest buyout" records were set and surpassed several times with nine of the top ten buyouts at the end of 2007 having been announced in an 18-month window from the beginning of 2006 through the middle of 2007. Additionally, the buyout boom was not limited to the United States as industrialized countries in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region also saw new records set. In 2006, private equity firms bought 654 U.S. companies for $375 billion, representing 18 times the level of transactions closed in 2003. Additionally, U.S. based private equity firms raised $215.4 billion in investor commitments to 322 funds, surpassing the previous record set in 2000 by 22% and 33% higher than the 2005 fundraising total. However, venture capital funds, which were responsible for much of the fundraising volume in 2000 (the height of the dot-com bubble), raised only $25.1 billion in 2006, a 2% percent decline from 2005 and a significant decline from its peak. The following year, despite the onset of turmoil in the credit markets in the summer, saw yet another record year of fundraising with $302 billion of investor commitments to 415 funds.
Publicly traded private equity.
Although there had previously been certain instances of publicly traded private equity vehicles, the convergence of private equity and the public equity markets attracted significantly greater attention when several of the largest private equity firms pursued various options through the public markets. Taking private equity firms and private equity funds public appeared an unusual move since private equity funds often buy public companies listed on exchange and then take them private. Private equity firms are rarely subject to the quarterly reporting requirements of the public markets and tout this independence to prospective sellers as a key advantage of going private. Nevertheless, there are fundamentally two separate opportunities that private equity firms pursued in the public markets. These options involved a public listing of either:
In May 2006, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts raised $5 billion in an initial public offering for a new permanent investment vehicle (KKR Private Equity Investors or KPE) listing it on the Euronext exchange in Amsterdam (ENXTAM: KPE). KKR raised more than three times what it had expected at the outset as many of the investors in KPE were hedge funds seeking exposure to private equity but could not make long term commitments to private equity funds. Because private equity had been booming in the preceding years, the proposition of investing in a KKR fund appeared attractive to certain investors.
However, KPE's first-day performance was lackluster, trading down 1.7% and trading volume was limited. Initially, a handful of other private equity firms and hedge funds had planned to follow KKR's lead but shelved those plans when KPE's performance continued to falter after its IPO. KPE's stock declined from an IPO price of €25 per share to €18.16 (a 27% decline) at the end of 2007 and a low of €11.45 (a 54.2% decline) per share in Q1 2008. KPE disclosed in May 2008 that it had completed approximately $300 million of secondary sales of selected limited
partnership interests in and undrawn commitments to certain KKR-managed funds in order to generate liquidity and repay borrowings.
On March 22, 2007, the Blackstone Group filed with the SEC to raise $4 billion in an initial public offering. On June 21, Blackstone swapped a 12.3% stake in its ownership for $4.13 billion in the largest U.S. IPO since 2002. Traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BX, Blackstone priced at $31 per share on June 22, 2007.
Less than two weeks after the Blackstone Group IPO, rival firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts filed with the SEC in July 2007 to raise $1.25 billion by selling an ownership interest in its management company. KKR had previously listed its KKR Private Equity Investors (KPE) private equity fund vehicle in 2006. The onset of the credit crunch and the shutdown of the IPO market would dampen the prospects of obtaining a valuation that would be attractive to KKR and the flotation was repeatedly postponed.
Meanwhile, other private equity investors were seeking to realize a portion of the value locked into their firms. In September 2007, the Carlyle Group sold a 7.5% interest in its management company to Mubadala Development Company, which is owned by the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA) for $1.35 billion, which valued Carlyle at approximately $20 billion. Similarly, in January 2008, Silver Lake Partners sold a 9.9% stake in its management company to the California Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS) for $275 million.
Additionally, Apollo Global Management completed a private placement of shares in its management company in July 2007. By pursuing a private placement rather than a public offering, Apollo would be able to avoid much of the public scrutiny applied to Blackstone and KKR.
companies. The Company also invests in the securities of public companies.
Historically, in the United States, there had been a group of publicly traded private equity firms that were registered as business development companies (BDCs) under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Typically, BDCs are structured similar to real estate investment trusts (REITs) in that the BDC structure reduces or eliminates corporate income tax. In return, REITs are required to distribute 90% of their income, which may be taxable to its investors. As of the end of 2007, among the largest BDCs (by market value, excluding Apollo Investment Corp, discussed earlier) are: American Capital Strategies (NASDAQ:ACAS), Allied Capital Corp (NASDAQ:ALD), Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ:ARCC),
Gladstone Investment Corp (NASDAQ:GAIN) and Kohlberg Capital Corp (NASDAQ:KCAP).
Secondary market and the evolution of the private equity asset class.
In the wake of the collapse of the equity markets in 2000, many investors in private equity sought an early exit from their outstanding commitments. The surge in activity in the secondary market, which had previously been a relatively small niche of the private equity industry, prompted new entrants to the market, however the market was still characterized by limited liquidity and distressed prices with private equity funds trading at significant discounts to fair value.
Beginning in 2004 and extending through 2007, the secondary market transformed into a more efficient market in which assets for the first time traded at or above their estimated fair values and liquidity increased dramatically. During these years, the secondary market transitioned from a niche sub-category in which the majority of sellers were distressed to an active market with ample supply of assets and numerous market participants. By 2006 active portfolio management had become far more common in the increasingly developed secondary market and an increasing number of investors had begun to pursue secondary sales to rebalance their private equity portfolios. The continued evolution of the private equity secondary market reflected the maturation and evolution of the larger private equity industry. Among the most notable publicly disclosed secondary transactions
(it is estimated that over two-thirds of secondary market activity is never disclosed publicly):
The Credit Crunch and post-modern private equity (2007–2008).
In July 2007, turmoil that had been affecting the mortgage markets, spilled over into the leveraged finance and high-yield debt markets. The markets had been highly robust during the first six months of 2007, with highly issuer friendly developments including PIK and PIK Toggle (interest is ""P"ayable "I"n "K"ind") and covenant light debt widely available to finance large leveraged buyouts. July and August saw a notable slowdown in issuance levels in the high yield and leveraged loan markets with only few issuers accessing the market. Uncertain market
conditions led to a significant widening of yield spreads, which coupled with the typical summer slowdown led to many companies and investment banks to put their plans to issue debt on hold until the autumn. However, the expected rebound in the market after Labor Day 2007 did not materialize and the lack of market confidence prevented deals from pricing. By the end of September, the full extent of the credit situation became obvious as major lenders including Citigroup and UBS AG announced major writedowns due to credit losses. The leveraged finance markets came to a near standstill. As a result of the sudden change in the market, buyers would begin to withdraw from or renegotiate the deals completed at the top of the market:
Additionally, the credit crunch has prompted buyout firms to pursue a new group of transactions in order to deploy their massive investment funds. These transactions have included Private Investment in Public Equity (or PIPE) transactions as well as purchases of debt in existing leveraged buyout transactions. Some of the most notable of these transactions completed in the depths of the credit crunch include:
Contemporary reflections of private equity and private equity controversies.
Carlyle group featured prominently in Michael Moore's 2003 film "Fahrenheit 9-11". The film suggested that The Carlyle Group exerted tremendous influence on U.S. government policy and contracts through their relationship with the president’s father, George H. W. Bush, a former senior adviser to the Carlyle Group. Additionally, Moore cited relationships with the Bin Laden family. The movie quotes author Dan Briody claiming that the Carlyle Group "gained" from September 11 because it owned United Defense, a military contractor, although the firm’s $11 billion Crusader artillery rocket system developed for the U.S. Army is one of the few weapons systems canceled by the Bush administration.
Over the next few years, attention intensified on private equity as the size of transactions and profile of the companies increased. The attention would increase significantly following a series of events involving The Blackstone Group: the firm's initial public offering and the birthday celebration of its CEO. The Wall Street Journal observing Blackstone Group's Steve Schwarzman's 60th birthday celebration in February 2007 described the event as follows:
The Armory's entrance hung with banners painted to replicate Mr. Schwarzman's sprawling Park Avenue apartment. A brass band and children clad in military uniforms ushered in guests. A huge portrait of Mr. Schwarzman, which usually hangs in his living room, was shipped in for the occasion.
The affair was emceed by comedian Martin Short. Rod Stewart performed. Composer Marvin Hamlisch did a number from "A Chorus Line." Singer Patti LaBelle led the Abyssinian Baptist Church choir in a tune about Mr. Schwarzman. Attendees included Colin Powell and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg. The menu included lobster, baked Alaska and a 2004 Louis Jadot Chassagne Montrachet, among other fine wines.
Schwarzman received a severe backlash from both critics of the private equity industry and fellow investors in private equity. The lavish event which reminded many of the excesses of notorious executives including Bernie Ebbers (WorldCom) and Dennis Kozlowski (Tyco International). David Rubenstein, the founder of The Carlyle Group remarked, "We have all wanted to be private – at least until now. When Steve Schwarzman's biography with all the dollar signs is posted on the web site none of us will like the furor that results – and that's even if you like Rod Stewart."
Rubenstein's fears would be confirmed when in 2007, the Service Employees International Union launched a campaign against private equity firms, specifically the largest buyout firms through public events, protests as well as leafleting and web campaigns. A number of leading private equity executives were targeted by the union members however the SEIU's campaign was not nearly as effective at slowing the buyout boom as the credit crunch of 2007 and 2008 would ultimately prove to be.
In 2008, the SEIU would shift part of its focus from attacking private equity firms directly toward the highlighting the role of sovereign wealth funds in private equity. The SEIU pushed legislation in California that would disallow investments by state agencies (particularly CalPERS and CalSTRS) in firms with ties to certain sovereign wealth funds. Additionally, the SEIU has attempted to criticize the treatment of taxation of carried interest. The SEIU, and other critics, point out that many wealthy private equity investors pay taxes at lower rates (because the majority of their income is derived from carried interest, payments received from the profits on a private equity fund's investments) than many of the rank and file employees of a private equity
firm's portfolio companies.
In 2009, the Canadian regulatory bodies set up rigorous regulation for dealers in exempt (non-publicly traded) securities. Exempt-market dealers sell securities that are exempt from prospectus requirements and must register with the Ontario Securities Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18649568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649568" title="Trubion">
Trubion

Trubion was a publicly held biopharmaceutical company that was focused on creating a pipeline of protein-based therapeutic product candidates to treat autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cancer. Trubion was acquired by Emergent BioSolutions on October 28, 2010. Trubion was established in 1999 in the State of Washington as an early stage development company, and was later reincorporated in October 2002 in the State of Delaware.
In December 2005, Trubion entered into a collaborative agreement with Wyeth for the development and worldwide commercialization of CD20-directed therapeutics. The agreement also included the development and worldwide commercialization of certain other product candidates directed to targets other than CD20. The research portion of Trubion’s contract with Wyeth extended through December 22, 2009.
Former technology.
Trubion’s product development efforts were focused on three technology pillars: SMIP protein therapeutics, SCORPION protein therapeutics, and TRU-ADhanCe potency enhancing technology for immunopharmaceuticals.
SMIP, or small modular immunopharmaceutical, therapeutics are single chain polypeptides comprising one binding domain, one hinge domain and one effector domain designed in an effort to meet predetermined therapeutic specifications for specific diseases. SMIP therapeutics are mono-specific (they recognize and attach to single antigen targets and initiate biological activity). Trubion worked on SMIP drug candidates that targeted validated antigens with the same specificity and predictable biological activity as mAbs.
SCORPION protein therapeutics are also single chain polypeptides composed of functional domains from naturally occurring proteins. The difference between SMIP and SCORPION technologies is that SCORPION compounds are multi-specific therapeutics that are capable of targeting two or more antigens simultaneously.
TRU-ADhanCe potency enhancing technology was designed to enhance the potency of existing therapies that work through Fc-directed or antibody-directed cellular cytotoxicity, or ADCC. TRU-ADhanCe technology could be applied late in development to established manufacturing lines and generate candidates with increased ADCC and longer in vivo half lives.

</doc>
<doc id="18649582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649582" title="John S. Wilson">
John S. Wilson

John S. Wilson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18649584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649584" title="Kevin Wong">
Kevin Wong

Kevin Kahn Wong (born September 12, 1972, Honolulu, Hawai'i) is a professional beach volleyball player who currently competes on the AVP tour. In 2000, he placed fifth paired with Rob Heidger at the Sydney Olympics. Wong was named to People Magazine's "50 Most Beautiful People" issue in 2000. He currently lives in Hawaii. He is 6'7" and played his college volleyball at UCLA. His brother Scott Wong, an assistant women's volleyball coach at the University of Hawai'i, also played on the AVP tour.
Wong graduated from Punahou School. At UCLA, he helped the school to win the 1993 and 1995 NCAA Championships and was a three-time All-American. He received his degree in economics in 1995. 
He was honored by the Chinese Historical Society of Southern California in "Celebrating Chinese Americans in Sports", May, 2009. In 2012, he serves as beach volleyball analyst and announcer for NBC at the 2012 Olympic Games in London.
Career.
In 2000, Wong placed fifth paired with Rob Heidger at the Sydney Olympics. Kevin Wong along with partner Casey Jennings successfully ended the 2010 season by capturing gold at the Swatch FIVB World Tour by beating the Brazilian duo of Benjamin Insfran and Bruno Schmidt at The Hague, Netherlands.
In 2012, he serves as beach volleyball analyst and announcer for NBC at the 2012 Olympic Games in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18649602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649602" title="Roy Simon">
Roy Simon

Roy D. Simon is the Howard Lichtenstein Distinguished Professor of Legal Ethics at Hofstra University.
He was the 2008 Democratic Party nominee for the New York State Senate, running against then-Republican State Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos. He currently resides in West Hempstead and ran to be the State Senator representing the Ninth District in Long Island. Some of these communities include the Five Towns, Valley Stream, Rockville Centre, and others. Political pundits acknowledged that it would be difficult to oust Dean Skelos.
Education.
Simon attended Williams College for his undergraduate degree and NYU Law School for his JD. He started his academic work as an instructor the Washington University in St. Louis School of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="18649644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649644" title="Georges Boudarel">
Georges Boudarel

Georges Boudarel (21 December 1926 – 26 December 2003) was a French academic and Communist militant. He was accused of torturing French prisoners for the Viet Minh during the First Indochina War.
Biography.
Born at Saint-Étienne, Loire, Boudarel studied at a Marist seminary before becoming a history professor at the Saigon Lycée Marie-Curie in the late 1940s and during the First Indochina War. He led the Indochinese branch of the French Communist Party, called "Groupe culturel marxiste".
In 1949, Boudarel, now a teacher of philosophy at the lycée Yersin in Da Lat, left his job and joined with the Viet Minh in the North of Tonkin, where he was made a Political commissar in the prisoner camp "Camp 113" at Lang-Kieu, near the Chinese border, South of Ha-Giang. He went by the "nom de guerre" of Dai Dong. Numerous testimonies of survivors of the camp would later accuse Boudarel of torturing French Army prisoners "with perverse cruelty, he applied to his countrymen the method of degradation by hunger, physical decline, political indoctrination and denunciation among inmates". During the year where he was on duty at the camp, 278 prisoners out of 320 perished 
Boudarel left Vietnam in 1964 for the Soviet Union. He later worked in Czechoslovakia for the World Federation of Trade Unions.
After an amnesty law was voted by the Parliament of France in June 1966, notably amnestying crimes committed during the Indochina War, he returned to France where he obtained a position as a "maître de conférence" at Paris Diderot University, and researcher at CNRS. He took part in the Mai 68 movement.
On 13 February 1991, during a conference organised at the French Senate by the "Centre des hautes études sur l’Afrique et l’Asie modernes", he was recognised by Jean-Jacques Beucler, then secretary of State for Veterans, who had personally taken part in the Indochina War, and been a prisoner at Camp 113. Further testimonies emerged, and within a year, charges of Crime against humanity were raised by survivors of Camp 113. The charges were turned down by the Cour de Cassation because of the 1966 amnesty law. A recourse made on 25 February 2000 at the European Court of Human Rights against France, complaining about the decision by the French Cour de Cassation and alleged violations of freedom of speech, was similarly turned down in March 2003.
The ensuing controversy led to a proposal to amend article 213-5 of the French penal code so as to make crimes against humanity ineligible for amnesty.

</doc>
<doc id="18649648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649648" title="Nangoniel">
Nangoniel

Nangoniel was the Mapuche Toqui in 1585, and son of the previous toqui Cayancaru. He was the first Toqui to use cavalry with the Mapuche army.
Following the failure of his siege of Arauco, Cayancura, retired, leaving the command of the army to his son Nangoniel. He collected some infantry, and a hundred and fifty horse, which from then on began to be part of Mapuche armies. Nangoniel returned to invest the Arauco fortress again, and with his cavalry it became so closely invested, that the Spaniards were unable to supply it and were forced to evacuate it. Following this success he moved against the fort of Santísima Trinidad which protected the passage of Spnish supplies via the Bio-bio River but clashed with a division of Spanish troops, under Francisco Hernández, where he lost an arm and had other dangerous wounds. He retreated to a neighbouring mountain, where he was ambushed by a Spanish force and slain with 50 of his soldiers. The same day Cadeguala was proclaimed Toqui by the Mapuche army.

</doc>
<doc id="18649661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649661" title="Zbigniew Czerwiński (speedway rider)">
Zbigniew Czerwiński (speedway rider)

Zbigniew Czerwiński (born November 18, 1982 in Poland) is a Polish speedway rider who is a medalist of 2000 Individual U-19 European Championship and 2003 Team Polish Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18649666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649666" title="RAF Eastchurch">
RAF Eastchurch

RAF Eastchurch was a Royal Air Force station near Eastchurch village, on the Isle of Sheppey, Kent, England. The history of aviation at Eastchurch stretches back to the first decade of the 20th century when it was used as an airfield by members of the Royal Aero Club. The area saw the first flight by a British pilot in Britain.
In 1910 it was offered to the Royal Navy as a training aerodrome and it was known as the Naval Flying School, Eastchurch. It was also in the 1910s the airfield was designated Royal Naval Air Station Eastchurch. With the amalgamation of the Royal Naval Air Service and the Royal Flying Corps on 1 April 1918, the station was transferred to the newly formed Royal Air Force and was re-designated Royal Air Force Station Eastchurch, or RAF Eastchurch for short.
Early civilian aviation.
The members of the Aero Club of Great Britain established their first flying ground near Leysdown on the Isle of Sheppey in 1909. One of the Club's members, Francis McClean, acquired Stonepits Farm, on the marshes across from Leysdown, converting the land into an airfield for members of the Aero Club. A club house was established nearby at the Mussell Manor (now known as Muswell Manor). 
At the same time the Short Brothers established an aircraft factory at Shellbeach on Isle of Sheppey. This was the first aircraft factory in the British Isles and the first factory in the world for the series production of aircraft, these being license-built copies of the Wright A biplane.
It was here that John Moore-Brabazon (later Lord Brabazon of Tara) made a flight of 500 yards in his Voisin biplane "The Bird of Passage", officially recognised as the first flight by a British pilot in Britain. Later in 1909, Moore-Brabazon piloted the first live cargo flight by fixed-wing aircraft. In order to disprove the adage that pigs can't fly he attached a waste-paper basket to a wing strut of his aircraft and airlifted one small pig inside the basket. Later Moore-Brabazon, Professor Huntington, Charles Rolls and Cecil Grace all used the flying club's services. 
In May 1909 the Wright Brothers visited Sheppey and inspected the airfield before moving on to visit the Short Brothers' factory. They then took lunch at Mussell Manor with members of the Aero Club and there was considerable discussion regarding the possibility of establishing a flying school in Sheppey. 
In 1910 both the airfield and the aircraft factory were relocated to larger quarters at Eastchurch, about 2.5 miles (4 km) away, where the Short-Dunne 5, designed by John W. Dunne, was built and became the first tailless aircraft to fly. In 1911 Shorts built one of the first successful twin-engine aircraft, the S.39 or Triple Twin. At this time seaplanes had to be taken by barge to Queenborough on the Isle of Sheppey to be launched and tested.
Royal Navy use.
In November 1910 the Royal Aero Club, at the instigation of Francis McClean, offered the Royal Navy the use of its airfield at Eastchurch along with two aircraft and the services of its members as instructors in order that Naval officers might be trained as pilots. The Admiralty accepted and on 6 December the Commander-in-Chief at the Nore promulgated the scheme to the officers under his jurisdiction, stipulating that applicants be unmarried and able to pay the membership fees of the Royal Aero Club. Two hundred applications were received, and four were accepted: Lieutenants C.R. Samson, A.M. Longmore and A. Gregory, and Captain E L Gerrard, RMLI. It was originally planned that Cecil Grace would be their instructor but, following his untimely death, George Cockburn took his place, giving his services free of charge. Technical instruction was provided by Horace Short. The airfield later became the Naval Flying School, Eastchurch.
Royal Air Force use.
Towards the end of World War I, on 1 April 1918, the Royal Naval Air Service and the Royal Flying Corps amalgamated. The station at Eastchurch was transferred to the newly formed Royal Air Force and was re-designated Royal Air Force Station Eastchurch, or RAF Eastchurch for short. During the last few months of the War, No. 204 Training Depot Station, the 64th (Naval) Wing and the 58th (Training) Wing were based at Eastchurch.
RAF Eastchurch remained active during the inter-war years and it was home to No. 266 Squadron during the Battle of Britain. During World War II, Eastchurch was part of Coastal Command. A siding was laid to connect RAF Eastchurch with Eastchurch railway station on the Sheppey Light Railway. RAF Eastchurch closed in 1946. 
The site is currently used as HM Prison Standford Hill. While there are a number of new buildings some of the original buildings survive including a number of pillboxes. The main roads in the prison reflect the aviation links; Rolls Avenue and Airfield View, Short's Prospect and Wright's Way. In the entrance to HMP Swaleside are two brass plaques; one records that the prison is built on what was the airstrip of RAF Eastchurch and the other lists the owners of the airstrip from 1909 to the end of the RAF use.

</doc>
<doc id="18649669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649669" title="Zaihang">
Zaihang

Overview.
Shanghai Zaihang Real Estate Investment Consulting Co. is a private enterprise based in Shanghai. The word Zaihang (在行) literally means expertise, proficiency in the Chinese language.
History.
The company was established in 1993, starting as a housing agent specialized in commercial property transactions in China. Today it becomes a leading local company mainly focusing on commercial real estate consulting.
Services.
Zaihang offers advisory and consultancy services in real estate development, management and investment, as well as consulting and research (market analysis). In recent years it is engaged in some priority projects in China such as Expo 2010 in Shanghai, City Central Plaza in Suzhou, Shanghai Qingpu Outlet mall and Shanghai South Railway Station. The company publish its own works from 2002. Notably Commercial Property Investment, which is considered the first book ever published in this field in China.
Zaihang also releases Shanghai annual property rent statistics jointly with Shanghai Municipal Commercial Affairs Bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="18649671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649671" title="Pan-European Corridor X">
Pan-European Corridor X

The Corridor X is one of the pan-European corridors. It runs between Salzburg in Austria and Thessaloniki in Greece. The corridor passes through Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, Serbia, Macedonia and Greece. It has four branches: Xa, Xb, Xc and Xd.
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development has given loans to support infrastructure improvements along Corridor X.
Branches.
X:
Salzburg - Ljubljana - Zagreb - Belgrade - Niš - Skopje - Veles - Thessaloniki.
Branch A (Corridor Xa).
Corridor Xa runs between Graz, Austria and Zagreb, Croatia through three countries: Croatia, Slovenia and Austria.
Branch C (Corridor Xc).
Corridor Xc follows the route Niš - Sofia - Plovdiv - Edirne - Istanbul. 
The road in Serbia from Niš to the Bulgarian border near Dimitrovgrad currently is being upgraded to a motorway standard. Construction works are expected to be completed in all sections in 2017.
In Bulgaria some 31 km of Kalotina motorway from Kalotina to Sofia were tendered in 2012. Currently transit traffic has to pass via Sofia ring road, but a new bypass Northern Speed Tangent was tendered in 2012 and is expected to be completed in 2015. Trakia motorway runs from Sofia to Chirpan, where Maritsa motorway, when completed in 2014, will branch off to Turkey.
In Turkey motorway passes near Edirne to Istanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="18649676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649676" title="Jaybird Coleman">
Jaybird Coleman

Burl C. "Jaybird" Coleman (May 20, 1896 – January 28, 1950) was an American country blues harmonica player, guitarist and singer.
Born in Gainesville, Alabama, United States, the son of sharecroppers and one of four children. He was born, raised and worked on a farm, and picked up and learned the harmonica at 12 years of age. Coleman began performing the blues as an entertainer for American soldiers while serving in the United States Army. It was during this period that he was given the nickname "Jaybird" due to his independent manner. In the early 1920s, he teamed with fellow bluesman Big Joe Williams as a performer in the Birmingham Jug Band which toured through the American South.
Coleman made his first recordings as a solo artist in 1927. His career as a recording artist lasted only until 1930, after which he performed mostly on street corners throughout Alabama.
He died of cancer at the age of 53 in Tuskegee, Alabama in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="18649679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649679" title="Jimmy Millar (footballer born 1870)">
Jimmy Millar (footballer born 1870)

Jimmy Millar (born 2 March 1870 in Annbank, Scotland died 1907) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Scotland national football team as a Forward. He made his debut for Sunderland on 13 September 1890 against Burnley, Sunderland lost the game 3–2. Millar played for Sunderland under two different spells; in 1890–96 and 1900–04 respectively. Overall, at his time at Sunderland, he made 260 appearances, scoring 122 goals. His two spells at Sunderland were separated with a stay at Rangers. He represented the Scottish League XI three times during his time with Rangers. At the time of his death he was the trainer for Chelsea.

</doc>
<doc id="18649692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649692" title="Saint Margaret of England">
Saint Margaret of England

Saint Margaret of England, O.Cist., (died 1192) was born in Hungary to an Englishwoman who was related to St. Thomas Beckett, the murdered Archbishop of Canterbury.
When she was grown, Margaret took her mother with her on a pilgrimage to Jerusalem and they then settled in Bethlehem, where they lived austere lives of penance. Her mother died there in the Holy Land. After that Margaret made pilgrimages to the Virgin of Montserrat in Spain, and then to Our Lady of Le Puy in Le Puy-en-Velay, in the Auvergne region of France.
She then became a Cistercian nun at the Abbey of Sauvebénite near Le Puy, where she died. Miracles were reported at her tomb and it became a pilgrimage site. Margaret's feast day is observed on 3 February.

</doc>
<doc id="18649697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649697" title="Capitol Center (Columbia, South Carolina)">
Capitol Center (Columbia, South Carolina)

Capitol Center is a skyscraper in Columbia, South Carolina. At , it is the tallest office building in South Carolina. The capital center tower has about 2,000 people inside working every week and about 400 offices. A 25 story skyscraper, it was the tallest structure in South Carolina from its completion in December 1987 to the completion of the Prysmian Copper Wire Tower in Abbeville in 2009. The tower was built on the site of the former Wade Hampton Hotel which was imploded in July 1985. This modern building exterior is finished in double-paned tinted glass with horizontal bands of anodized aluminum color panels. The 25-story tower was completed in 1987 during a Columbia high-rise building boom, as the AT&T Building. Naming rights have been previously held by Affinity and South Trust Bank. During its construction in 1986, gubernatorial candidate Carroll Campbell successfully used the then unfinished structure, whose construction was partially financed by the State of South Carolina, as a symbol for excessive government spending.
Capitol Center contains of office space, a significant amount of which is leased to the state of South Carolina and to local law firms. Attached to the tower is a 7-story parking garage containing over 1,000 spaces. The 25th floor is home to The Capital City Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18649726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649726" title="Scarab Productions">
Scarab Productions

Scarab Productions, Inc. is a film, television and new media production company that specializes in family entertainment. It was founded in 2001 by producer, writer, director Rick Schneider-Calabash. The company currently has television and feature film projects in development with The Zanuck Company, Johnny Depp's Infinitum Nihil Warner Bros. Pictures and The Disney Channel. It is located in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18649736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649736" title="César Mora">
César Mora

Cesar Mora is a leading musician and actor in Colombia. He was born in Cali, and later spent fourteen years as part of the famed Son Del Pueblo band. 
Cesar composed the songs in the Colombian musical “Y Se Armo La Mojiganga” in which he also played the main character. His most recent albums are recorded with The Maria Canela Band under the musical direction of Luis Arroyo.

</doc>
<doc id="18649752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649752" title="List of stadiums in Indonesia">
List of stadiums in Indonesia

The following is a list of football stadiums in Indonesia, ordered by capacity. Currently all stadiums with a capacity of 25,000 or more are included.

</doc>
<doc id="18649762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649762" title="Yafteh">
Yafteh

Yafteh is an Upper Paleolithic cave located at the foot of Yafteh Mountain, north-west of Khoramabad, Western Zagros, Iran. 
The site was found and later excavated by two American archaeologists, Frank Hole and Kent Flannery, in the 1960s. It contained a thick Upper Paleolithic sequence which yielded bladelets and tools. A number of C14 dates indicate that the site was occupied mainly between 30 and 35 thousand years ago. Hole and Flannery published some results of their excavation at Yafteh in a general paper about their excavations in prehistoric sites in Loristan and Dehluran. The lithic assemblages from 1967 excavations were re-analyzed in 2005 by Bordes and Shidrang and later those assemblages were the main subject of a MA thesis in 2007. The site was re-excavated in 2005 by a joint Belgian-Iranian team directed by Marcel Otte and Fereidoun Biglari and excavated again by Otte and Sonia Shidrang in 2008. Yafteh has yielded the largest number of C14 dates from a single Paleolithic site in Iran that are clustered around 28–35 thousand years ago. A rich collection of ornaments made of marine shells, tooth and hematite has been discovered in the early Upper Paleolithic deposits in both early and recent excavations in the Yafteh cave. This collection was analyzed and published by Sonia Shidrang in the "Iranian Journal of Archaeology and History".

</doc>
<doc id="18649763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649763" title="Chu X-PO">
Chu X-PO

__NOTOC__
The Chu X-PO, also known as the Chu (AFAMF) X-PO, was a Chinese fighter prototype towards the end of the Second World War.
Development.
Designed by the Chief of the Air Force Technical Bureau, Major General Chu Chia-Jen, in 1941, the X-PO was a single-seat fighter monoplane, the single prototype of which was produced by AFAMF in 1943. Based largely on the Curtiss Hawk 75, it was of mixed construction with wooden three-spar wings, welded steel tube fuselage and covered in plywood skinning. It could carry up to four 20 mm cannon underwing, and had capacity to carry bombs via a centreline bomb rack, allowing it to function as a dive bomber.
Operational history.
It was anticipated that the X-PO would be produced in series at AFAMF No. 1 factory at Kunming, however the prototype was flown for the first time in 1943, at Yangling. After circling the airfield, the X-PO landed too fast, ground-looped and was written off. In the meantime, the American entry into World War II meant that American fighters were available to the Chinese, removing the need for China to manufacture indigenous fighter aircraft. As such no further production was carried out. No data except armaments, construction and engine have survived.

</doc>
<doc id="18649768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649768" title="Gary Gallon">
Gary Gallon

Gary Thomas Gallon (October 1, 1945 – July 3, 2003) was a Canadian environmental activist and policy advisor. 
President of the Canadian Institute for Business and the Environment, and editor of "The Gallon Environment Letter", Gallon dedicated 30 years to raising environmental awareness among Canadians and inspiring environmentalists worldwide. Gallon's early forays in environmental activism included helping to found the Society Promoting Environmental Conservation (SPEC, now one of the oldest environmental organizations in British Columbia) and co-founding Greenpeace. His later moves away from heady activism into the political arena made him an authority on "Green" economics. In the early 1990s he became president of Montreal-based think tank called the Canadian Institute for Business and the Environment (CIBE) "filling" what he called the "knowledge gap" of protecting the environment based on the logic of economics.
On July 3, 2003, Gary Gallon died after a long battle with cancer. He was 58.

</doc>
<doc id="18649769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649769" title="Robert Barrett">
Robert Barrett

Robert or Bob Barrett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18649779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649779" title="Border City Mills">
Border City Mills

Border City Mills is an historic textile mill site located at the corner of West Street and Weaver Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The company was established in 1873 for the manufacture of cotton textiles. The company's first president was S. Angier Chace and George T. Hathaway was treasurer.
The first Mill No.1 was erected in 1873 but was destroyed by fire in 1877. The current Mill No.1, located on West Street was constructed in 1880, from red brick, but of less ornate construction than the original 1873 mill. 
During the financial crisis of 1879, the company was re-organized with John S. Brayton as president.
Mill No. 3 was later built 1888, on Weaver Street. The company was still operating in 1940.
The site was determined eligible for the National Historic Register in 1983, but omitted due to owner's objection.
However, Border City Mill No. 2, nearby was later added in 1990, under a separate NRHP listing.

</doc>
<doc id="18649797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649797" title="Kisangani Mutinies">
Kisangani Mutinies

The Kisangani Mutinies, also known as the Stanleyville Mutinies or Mercenaries' Mutinies, were a continuation of the Congo Crisis. The First Kisangani Mutiny was in 1966, the Second was in 1967.
First Mutiny.
Amid rumours that the ousted prime minister Tshombe was plotting a comeback from his exile in Spain, some 2,000 of Tshombe's former Katangan gendarmes, led by mercenaries, mutinied in Kisangani (formerly Stanleyville) in July 1966. The mutiny was unsuccessful and was crushed.
Second Mutiny.
Exactly a year after the failure of the first mutiny, another broke out, again in Kisangani, apparently triggered by the news that Tshombe's airplane had been hijacked over the Mediterranean and forced to land in Algiers, where he was held prisoner. Led by a Belgian settler named Jean Schramme and involving approximately 100 former Katangan gendarmes and about 1,000 Katangese, the mutineers held their ground against the 32,000-man Congolese National Army (Armée Nationale Congolaise; ANC) for four months until November 1967, when Schramme and his mercenaries crossed the border into Rwanda and surrendered to the local authorities.
In Popular Culture.
The song Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner, co-written by singer-songwriter Warren Zevon and former mercenary David Lindell about a fictitious mercenary in sub-Saharan Africa, states that "in sixty-six and seven, they fought the Congo war." The Congo Crisis itself ended by the end of 1965, with the Kisangani Mutinies in 1966 and 1967 as part of its aftermath.

</doc>
<doc id="18649803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649803" title="Mildred Inez Caroon Bailey">
Mildred Inez Caroon Bailey

Mildred Inez C. Bailey (18 April 1919 – 18 July 2009) was an United States Army officer, who served as director of the Women's Army Corps from August 1971 until July 1975 with the rank of Brigadier General.
Biography.
Mildred Inez C. Bailey was born in Fort Barnwell, North Carolina, and raised in nearby Kinston. After graduating from high school, she enrolled in Flora McDonald College in Red Springs, North Carolina. She transferred to the Woman's College of the University of North Carolina (now The University of North Carolina at Greensboro) in her sophomore year and graduated in 1940. After graduation, she attended summer school at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Bailey went on to teach French in Taylorsville, North Carolina.
Bailey joined the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps (later the Women's Army Corps) at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, in the summer of 1942, and was sent to Officer Training School at Fort Des Moines, Iowa, where she was a member of third class of WAACs. Bailey was assigned to the United States Army Air Corps and stationed in Daytona Beach, Florida, until mid-1943, when the company she commanded was transferred to George Field Army Air Base in Illinois. Bailey was then sent sent to Walnut Ridge, Arkansas, for a short time before moving to Craig Air Force Base, Alabama, where she taught English to members of the French Air Force until the end of the war in 1945.
Bailey remained in the army after World War II and was sent to Miami, Florida, where she served as vocational guidance and counselor officer for veterans. In 1949, she was transferred to Stuttgart, Germany, with an intelligence assignment. She was then sent to Munich to command a WAC attachment at the 98th General Hospital.
In 1953, Bailey returned stateside to Washington, D.C., where she worked in the intelligence branch of the Military District of Washington headquarters. In 1957, she graduated from Strategic Intelligence School, and then reported to Fort McPherson, Georgia, where she served as the head of recruiting for the Southeastern United States for three years. In 1961, she was put in charge of the WAC detachment at Fort Myer, Virginia, the largest detachment in the U.S. While there she worked on building a woman’s exhibit for a traveling set of exhibits that would inform the country about the army. Bailey worked from 1963 to 1968 traveling with the tour and expanding the women's history presentation. Upon returning to Washington, she worked as a liaison officer for the Senate. In 1970, she made deputy commander at the training center in Fort McClellan, Alabama. On 2 August 1971 Bailey became the director of the Women's Army Corps and was promoted to brigadier general. She retired from the army in July 1975.
Brigadier General Bailey died in Alexandria, Virginia on July 18, 2009 and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18649810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649810" title="Colegio Técnico Comercial Santa María Goretty">
Colegio Técnico Comercial Santa María Goretty

Colegio Tecnico Comercial Santa Maria Goretty is a technical school located in downtown Cali in Colombia.
It started as a small primary school and has become a high school technical with accounting specialization. It takes its name from Maria Goretti (16 October 1890 – 6 July 1902), an Italian virgin-martyr of the Roman Catholic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="18649813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649813" title="Maarten Fontein">
Maarten Fontein

Maarten Fontein (born 22 February 1952, Leiden) is the former Marketing and Commercial Director for Alkmaar Zaanstreek (AZ), and is currently a member of the Executive Board of the European Club Association (ECA).
Fontein joined AZ on 1 May 2008, and is responsible for Sponsorships, International relations and affairs, and strategy. Prior to joining AZ, Fontein was CEO & Managing Director for AFC Ajax from November 2005 through April 2008. Prior to AFC Ajax, Fontein was employed by Unilever, holding various positions in the company's ice-cream and frozen foods divisions in The Netherlands, Australia, Sweden, Turkey, and China.
As of 9 July 2008, Fontein serves on the Professional Football Strategy Board as a representative of the ECA.

</doc>
<doc id="18649821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649821" title="Missa de Beata Virgine">
Missa de Beata Virgine

Many composers during the Renaissance wrote a "Missa de Beata Virgine". Some of the most famous include:

</doc>
<doc id="18649835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649835" title="Stout-legged Wren">
Stout-legged Wren

The Stout-legged Wren or Yaldwin's Wren ("Pachyplichas yaldwyni") is an extinct species of New Zealand wren, a family of small birds endemic to New Zealand.
History and etymology.
The holotype is a right tarsometatarsus (NMNZS 22683 in the collections of the National Museum) collected on 29 September 1983 from the Honeycomb Hill Cave. The specific epithet honours Dr John Yaldwyn, Director of the National Museum of New Zealand in Wellington, in recognition of his contributions to avian palaeontology.
Description.
It was the largest (by weight) of the New Zealand Wrens. The morphology of the wren indicates that it was strongly adapted to a terrestrial existence. Radiocarbon dates for the assemblages with which it is associated range from 25,000 BP to 1,000 BP. Either flightless or nearly so, it became extinct following the occupation of New Zealand by the Polynesian ancestors of the Māori, and the associated introduction of the "kiore" (Pacific rat).
Distribution and habitat.
The subfossil remains of the wren have only been found on New Zealand's South Island, and it seems to have formed a species pair with the closely related "P. jagmi", which was only found on North Island. Since it has been found in association with four other species of acanthisittids in four genera (at the Honeycomb Hill Cave site) it is likely that its ecological niche was different enough for it to have coexisted with them. Sites where it was found indicate that it inhabited lowland mixed podocarp broadleaf forest, ranging upwards into alpine tundra scrubland.

</doc>
<doc id="18649840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649840" title="Microwindows">
Microwindows

Microwindows is a windowing system which is full featured enough to be used on a PC or a PDA. The Nano-X Window System is an Open Source project aimed at bringing the features of modern graphical windowing environments to smaller devices and platforms. The project was renamed to Nano-X Window System, due to legal threats from Microsoft regarding the Windows trademark.
Overview.
Nano-X's origin is with NanoGUI. NanoGUI was created by Alex Holden by taking David Bell's mini-X server and Alan Cox's modifications and adding client/server networking. Gregory Haerr then took interest in the NanoGUI project and began making extensive enhancements and modifications to NanoGUI. Around version 0.5, Gregory Haerr added support for multiple API's, and began distributing Microwindows. In Microwindows 0.84, all previous NanoGUI changes were incorporated and since then has been the combined NanoGUI/Microwindows distribution. In January 2005, the system changed its name to the Nano-X Window System, with a planned first release as v0.91.
Technical.
The Nano-X Window System is extremely portable, and completely written in C, although some routines have been recoded in assembly for speed. It has been ported to the Intel 16 and 32 bit CPUs, as well as MIPS R4000 (NEC Vr41xx) StrongARM and PowerPC chips found on popular handheld and pocket PCs. There have been rumors of an SH3 port as well.
The Nano-X Window System currently runs on 32-bit Linux systems with kernel framebuffer support, or through the popular SVGAlib library. In addition, it has been ported to 16-bit Linux ELKS, and real mode MS-DOS. Microwindows screen drivers for 1, 2, 4, 8, 16 and 32 bits-per-pixel have been written, as well as a VGA 16 color 4 planes driver.
Recently, an X11 driver was completed that allows Microwindows applications to be run on top of the X Window desktop. This driver emulates all of Microwindows' truecolor and palette modes so that an application can be previewed using the target system's display characteristics directly on the desktop display, regardless of the desktop display characteristics.
Architecture.
Layered Design.
Microwindows is essentially a layered design that allows different layers to be used or rewritten to suit the needs of the implementation. At the lowest level, screen, mouse/touchpad and keyboard drivers provide access to the actual display and other user-input hardware. At the mid level, a portable graphics engine is implemented, providing support for line draws, area fills, polygons, clipping and color models. At the upper level, various API's are implemented providing access to the graphics applications programmer. These APIs may or may not provide desktop and/or window look and feel. Currently, Microwindows supports the Windows Win32/WinCE GDI and Nano-X APIs. These APIs provide close compatibility with the Win32 and X Window systems, allowing programs to be ported from other systems easily.
Device Drivers.
The device driver interfaces are defined in device.h. A given implementation of Microwindows will link at least one screen, mouse and keyboard driver into the system. The mid level routines in the device-independent graphics engine core then call the device driver directly to perform the hardware-specific operations. This setup allows varying hardware devices to be added to the Microwindows system without affecting the way the entire system works.
Application programmer interfaces.
Microwindows currently supports two different application programming interfaces (APIs). This set of routines handles client–server activity, window manager activities like drawing title bars, close boxes, etc., as well as handling the programmer's requests for graphics output. Both the APIs run on top of the core graphics engine routines and device drivers.
The basic model of any API on top of Microwindows is to initialize the screen, keyboard and mouse drivers, then hang in a select() loop waiting for an event. When an event occurs, if it is a system event like keyboard or mouse activity, then this information is passed to the user program converted to an expose event, paint message, etc. If it is a user requesting a graphics operation, then the parameters are decoded and passed to the appropriate GdXXX engine routine. Note that the concept of a window versus raw graphics operations is handled at this API level. That is, the API defines the concepts of what a window is, what the coordinate systems are, etc., and then the coordinates are all converted to "screen coordinates" and passed to the core GdXXX engine routines to do the real work. This level also defines graphics or display contexts and passes that information, including clipping information, to the core engine routines.
Microwindows API.
The Microwindows API tries to be compliant with the Microsoft Win32 and WinCE GDI standard. Currently, there is support for most of the graphics drawing and clipping routines, as well as automatic window title bar drawing and dragging windows for movement. The Microwindows API is message-based, and allows programs to be written without regard to the eventual window management policies implemented by the system. The Microwindows API is not currently client/server, and will be discussed in more detail in section 4.
Nano-X API.
The Nano-X API is modeled after the mini-x server written initially by David Bell, which was a reimplementation of X on the MINIX operating system. It loosely follows the X Window System Xlib API, but the names all being with GrXXX() rather than X...(). Currently, the Nano-X API is client/server, but does not have any provisions for automatic window dressings, title bars, or user window moves. There are several groups writing widget sets currently, which will provide such things. The user programs must also then write only to a specific widget set API, rather than using the Nano-X API directly, which means that only the functionality provided by the widget set will be upwardly available to the applications programmer. (Although this could be considerable, in the case that, say Gdk was ported.)
Microwindows API.
The fundamental communications mechanism in the Microwindows API is the message. A message consists of a well-known message number, and two parameters, known as wParam and lParam. Messages are stored in an application's message-queue, and retrieved via the GetMessage function. The application blocks while waiting for a message. There are messages that correspond to hardware events, like WM_CHAR for keyboard input or WM_LBUTTONDOWN for mouse button down. In addition, events signaling window creation and destruction WM_CREATE and WM_DESTROY are sent. In most cases, a message is associated with a window, identified as an HWND. After retrieving the message, the application sends the message to the associated window's handling procedure using DispatchMessage. When a window class is created, its associated message handling procedure is specified, so the system knows where to send the message.
The message-passing architecture allows the core API to manage many system functions by sending messages on all sorts of events, like window creation, painting needed, moving, etc. By default, the associated window handling function gets a "first pass" at the message, and then calls the DefWindowProc function, which handles default actions for all the messages. In this way, all windows can behave the same way when dragged, etc., unless specifically overridden by the user. Major window management policies can be redefined by merely re-implementing DefWindowProc, rather than making changes throughout the system.
Window creation and destruction.
The basic unit of screen organization in Microwindows API is the window. Windows describe an area of the screen to draw onto, as well as an associate "window procedure" for handling messages destined for this window. Applications programmers can create windows from pre-defined classes, like buttons, edit boxes, and the like, or define their own window classes. In both cases, the method of creating and communicating with the windows remains exactly the same. The following functions deal with window registration, creation, and destruction:

</doc>
<doc id="18649843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649843" title="Golparak">
Golparak

Golparak () is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District, Ahmadi District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 194, in 39 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="18649848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649848" title="Think Green Alliance">
Think Green Alliance

The Think Green Alliance is a community of businesses and organizations that are committed to environmentally friendly and sustainable operations, technologies, services and products. BaudryCybernomics Corporation, a Green IT company based in Toronto, launched the Alliance to bring green businesses together to promote and showcase their initiatives as well as provide an educational platform for businesses looking for ways to "green" their operations, vendors and offerings.
The Think Green Alliance was founded on June 1, 2008. The Alliance seeks leaders in the industry in terms of their adoption and integration of environmental strategies into their business plan. Emphasis is placed on organizations that take a step-by-step but concrete and measurable approach to Green initiatives and are committed to a continuous cycle of improvement. By showcasing companies that take action and make environmentally conscious decisions, the Think Green Alliance believes it will set precedence for other companies to improve their workplace practices.
Members and what makes them green.
AccessAnywhere: provides a unique, low cost, easy to use "VPN-as-a-Service", utility that enables small business owner/operators to enjoy the green benefits of tele-commuting (working from a remote home or office location), whereby the VPN is as important to its tele-workers as the rail and roads are to employees traveling to the office.
AutoShare: promoting car sharing and integrating hybrid cars into their fleet; a recent Canadian study found that the average member of a car sharing organization reduces their CO2 output by over 1 tonne, simply by joining and changing their lifestyle
BOMA Toronto: building audits/best practices to reduce energy consumption, operating costs and improving waste management
Bullfrog Power: provider of 100% green alternative energy
Compass Promotions: a promotional advertising and design agency who are committed to seeking effective methods to reduce their carbon footprint, and exercise this practice through their Compass on Campus Education Program
Compugen Inc.:Canada's largest privately owned IT solution provider has initiated The Green4Good program which offers Canadian enterprises an effective way to solve end-of-life IT asset disposition challenges, while donating cash and new technology to charity.
Computer Room Services: optimizing IT infrastructure from the datacenter side, including “intelligent” infrastructure planning and engineering and selection of energy-efficient equipment
Cybernomics: leader in Green IT, Virtualization, Lean Solutions, Proactive IT management; Think Green Alliance founding company
David Chernushenko: is an independent sustainability communicator and a consultant to private and public organizations in Canada and internationally through his company Green & Gold Inc.
Dell: has built environmental considerations into every stage of the Dell product life cycle - from development and design, to manufacturing and operations, to customer use and product recovery.
EcoLog: leading source of environmental health & safety news, legislation and risk information
EnVille Event Design & Catering: a Toronto based catering company created en Ville's environmental stewardship policy that has incorporated environmental strategies to their own catering business. 
EPEAT: premier program for environmental rating of computer desktops, laptops, monitors
Gracious Living: is a leading Canadian manufacturer and importer of a variety of products Garden, Pet, Garage and Indoor & Outdoor furniture. They have included environmentally friendly solutions (EFR) that redirects materials that were potentially headed for landfill sites and reintroduces them into the manufacturing mainstream as valuable raw material
Greater Toronto Marketing Alliance: pilot Cybernomics client for virtualization; bring GTA communities together and promote environmental initiatives within municipalities/governments; lead expedition to Norway and Sweden for analysis of green energy and “green” cities in Northern Europe
"Hazmat Management": in-depth analysis of current issues related to environmental performance emergency response, safety and waste management
Info-Tech Research Group: global leader in IT research and analysis; first research group to offer practical information and case studies on Green IT initiatives (from survey/research based on over 600 companies)
Intel: world leader in processor development, pioneer in IVT technology
Investeco is Canada's first environmental investment company. By investing in both private and public companies in sectors like renewable energy, water, sustainable agriculture, and clean technologies they are able to tap into the growing demand for environmentally superior products and services
iRecycle Computers: first company in Canada to offer SMB and consumer solutions for the growing problem of e-waste
Jacques Whitford: leading provider of engineering, sustainability, environmental and earth sciences solutions
Kyoto Cooling: pioneer in development of data center cooling solutions that are energy-efficient and environmentally sustainable
Kowalik Microsystems: offers homeowners and contractors the widest selection of affordable energy efficient electronic home improvement and home automation solutions
Miller Thomson LLP: one of Canada’s most respected law firms; making a lot of headway as first law firm to really engage green technology and business policies and regulation, working with the business community and all three levels of government
Nova Marketing Group: Nova is the maker of the nCode line of address quality software. Major corporations and government agencies use the nCode Toolkit and nCode Web Services Edition to validate, correct and transform their address data 
Our Cool Blue Architects: design firm dedicated to designing architecture which supports the beginning of ecological restoration and does not contribute to global warming and climate change
QMP Media: discusses green IT issues and publishes InformationWeek Canada, InformationWeek.ca, CRN Canada, CRNCanada.ca, Canadian Government Executive, and NetworkedGovernment.ca
Rimrock Corporation: MS Dynamics consulting boutique that simplifies and optimizes the ASP model using streamlined consulting practices and a backbone of virtualization
Softchoice Corporation:recognizes the growing importance organizations place on reducing the environmental impact of their IT investments
"Solid Waste and Recycling": industry journal that focuses on municipal and industrial waste management including collection, hauling, processing and disposal
Steam Whistle Brewing: using various green initiatives from the use of steam to brew and heat their facilities to the engineering of their beer bottles and recyclability of their packaging, they are Canada’s greenest brewing facility
The Printing House Limited: is focused on reducing their ecological footprint and is committed to applying continuous environmentally friendly improvements to their operations. TPH Green Initiatives include: achieved Chain of Custody Certification (CoC) from the Forest Stewardship Council of Ontario, Degradable bags, Toner Recycling, Low Volatile Organic Compouond (VOC) Inks, Hazardous Waste, Recycling Programs, Hydro Initiatives
Trend Point: provides energy and carbon metrics systems for high density sites such as data centers. Their products allow individual energy use and carbon emissions
Turtle Island Recycling: broad range of recycling options from organics to plastics to paper; also offer full waste management solutions for communities, events, residential & commercial buildings; developed first “zero-waste” building in Toronto
Whole Foods Market: provide organic food choices from sustainable farming; big proponent of local food and supporter of local farmers (through the Local Producer Loan Program, which $10 million available annually for low-interest loans to small, local producers); other initiatives include first "green building" award for HQ in Austin, TX, promotion of non-toxic cleaning products and reduction of waste through "nickel per bag" program
Zerofootprint: enable companies, universities, governments, cities, communities to measure, aggregate and track their carbon footprint through the use of innovative tools and technology
External links and sources.
Think Green Alliance website: http://www.thinkgreenalliance.com
Toronto Company Launches the Think Green Alliance to Promote Green Business: http://www.reuters.com/article/pressRelease/idUS119866+29-Jul-2008+PRN20080729 
PC World Canada Article: http://www.itworldcanada.com/Pages/Docbase/ViewArticle.aspx?ID=idgml-23fb15c6-2964-4030-81a2-d8d4aac4ad96&Portal=4fb7319b-aa7c-423a-822d-2f6e24698c71&ParaStart=0&ParaEnd=10&direction=next&News=Daily+ITwire&Next=Next

</doc>
<doc id="18649855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649855" title="Skip Manning">
Skip Manning

Skip Manning (born April 23, 1945) is a former NASCAR driver from Bogalusa, Louisiana. He competed in seventy-nine Winston Cup events in his career, spanning from 1975 to 1979. Manning won the rookie-of-the-year award in 1976. He had sixteen top-ten finishes during his career, with his best finish a 3rd at the Talladega Superspeedway in 1977.
Skip retired from NASCAR racing and went back to Bogalusa, Louisiana, with his wife Gloria Manning. He then went on to race all over the southeast in stock cars and super modifieds, breaking records and winning races. 

</doc>
<doc id="18649861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649861" title="MacGruber">
MacGruber

MacGruber was a recurring sketch on the NBC television series "Saturday Night Live", first appearing on the show in January 2007. The sketch is a parody of the 1985–1992 adventure series "MacGyver". The sketch stars Will Forte as special operations agent MacGruber, who is tasked in each episode with deactivating a ticking bomb but becomes distracted by personal issues, resulting in the bomb's detonation and (presumably) the deaths of his companions and himself. 
"MacGruber"'s popularity has led to a film based on the character, which was released on May 21, 2010.
Creation.
The character of MacGruber was created by "SNL" writer Jorma Taccone. The sketches are written by Forte, Taccone and John Solomon and directed by Taccone, except for the March 2008 and May 2008 installments, which were directed by Solomon.
Premise.
In the sketch's first appearance of each "SNL" episode, MacGruber finds himself and his assistants trapped in a control room with a ticking time bomb. MacGruber's female assistant (played in 2007 by Maya Rudolph and later by Kristen Wiig) and another assistant (usually played by that week's "SNL" host) "recap" their situation, explaining that they are in an abandoned mine, abandoned factory, or other adventure-type setting (it is a running gag that they are always locked in the control room, no matter how illogical the idea of a control room is in the context of the location where they are trapped), and that the bomb will detonate in twenty seconds. As he attempts to deactivate the bomb, MacGruber calls for people to pass him ordinary objects such as rubber bands or bubble gum wrappers (a reference to the sorts of objects typically used by MacGyver in devising a way out of a jam), but MacGruber inevitably loses focus before finishing the job and the bomb explodes, ending the sketch. The replacement of his female assistant from Maya Rudolph's character to Kristen Wiig's is explained in the movie version of the skit.
The sketch typically reappears for a second or third installment later in the episode, with the characters appearing none the worse for wear but MacGruber growing increasingly unhinged and his assistants becoming more disillusioned in his capabilities. Each installment ends with the bomb's detonation.
Family.
MacGruber's father is the famed Angus MacGyver (Richard Dean Anderson). His grandmother is portrayed by Betty White who is also his current fiancee. MacGruber also has an estranged homosexual son (Shia LaBeouf). He also has an older half-brother named Khaluber (The Great Khali) who does not speak English (though it is hard to understand him).
Themes.
Some of the personal issues that have distracted MacGruber and prevented him from stopping the bomb include alcoholism (Molly Shannon/Linkin Park episode), his son's homosexuality (Shia LaBeouf/My Morning Jacket episode), losing his savings due to the current economic crisis (Josh Brolin/Adele episode), discovering his long-lost father (Dwayne Johnson/Ray LaMontagne episode), his addiction to plastic surgery (Seth Rogen/Spoon episode), accusing his coworkers of talking about him behind his back (Jonah Hill/Mariah Carey episode), his grandmother telling embarrassing stories from his childhood (Betty White/Jay-Z episode), and his racism (Charles Barkley/Alicia Keys episode)
"MacGyver"/Pepsi cross-over.
During the January 31, 2009 episode of "SNL", "MacGyver" star Richard Dean Anderson appeared with Forte in three Pepsi commercials designed to resemble MacGruber sketches. In the commercials, MacGyver complains about the poor job MacGruber is doing and accuses him of being a sellout. The commercials were later included as part of the "SNL" episode on Hulu.
In the second commercial, later re-aired during Super Bowl XLIII, MacGruber and MacGyver are locked in the control room of an "illegal supply ship", where MacGruber becomes distracted by the temptation of Pepsi and announces he has changed his name to "Pepsuber." In the third commercial, the MacGruber theme song lyrics and MacGruber's dialogue have been replaced by the single word "Pepsi" repeated over and over. When his companions finally get fed up with this and ask if he can say anything but Pepsi, MacGruber says "Diet Pepsi", the control room explodes, and the commercial ends.
Anderson returned to "SNL" on the March 7, 2009 episode, in which it was revealed that MacGyver is actually MacGruber's long-lost father (making the latter's full name "MacGruber MacGyver"), who left his mother (Abby Elliott) for a stripper when MacGruber was a baby.
Feature film.
In June 2009, Will Forte confirmed on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" that a MacGruber film was being written by Forte, Taccone, and Solomon. The film was to star Forte, Wiig, Val Kilmer, and Ryan Phillippe, It was released on May 21, 2010, after being pushed back from April 16, 2010.
The film has stirred up controversy with Lee Zlotoff, creator of the TV series "MacGyver", whose contract stipulates he retained the right to a film version of the TV series. His lawyer has sent several cease-and-desist letters and is currently meeting with litigators to determine a course of action. So far no suit has been brought.

</doc>
<doc id="18649865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649865" title="Harri Mänty">
Harri Mänty

Harri Mänty (born 31 July 1971 in Västerås) is a Swedish musician, brought up in Finland, who was a member of the Swedish pop-rock band Kent between 1996 and 2006. He joined the band after Martin Roos left. In the band, he played guitar and percussion. Harri Mänty is a music graduate.
Before he joined Kent, he was the vocalist for hardcore punk band No Security. In 1993 they released the record "When the Gist is Sucked from the Fruit of Welfare, the ugly faces of truth show", which contained all that the band had recorded with record label Lost & Found. The band toured Europe, and had an offer to take part in a smaller tour of the USA, but never went through with it.
Together with Kent bandmate Sami Sirviö he has appeared in an advert for Finnish beer, Koff.

</doc>
<doc id="18649875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649875" title="Castle Gate">
Castle Gate

Castle Gate or Castlegate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18649893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649893" title="Rho1 Arietis">
Rho1 Arietis

Rho1 Arietis is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries, the ram. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 7.01, making it a challenge to see with the naked eye even under ideal dark-sky conditions. Based upon an annual parallax shift measurement of 12.07 mas, it is distant from the Earth. This is a white-hued, A-type star of unknown luminosity class.

</doc>
<doc id="18649894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649894" title="Equisetum variegatum">
Equisetum variegatum

Equisetum variegatum (commonly known as variegated horsetail or variegated scouring rush) is a horsetail native to the Northern Hemisphere.
Description.
It is a variable species with several ecotypes, some of which are distinct subspecies. The stems can grow to 40 cm (occasionally 80 cm) in height but are often much smaller. Some forms have prostrate stems that creep along the ground while other forms grow more erect. The stems are dark blue-green, slender and rough to the touch. They may be unbranched or have branches growing from the base. The stem nodes are covered with a sheath that is marked with a black band and has dark teeth with white edges. The stems are tipped with a small cone, 3-4 mm across, which is usually green with a black, bluntly-pointed tip.
Distribution and habitat.
It is found in northern parts of Europe, Asia and North America including Greenland, Iceland and the Faroe Islands. Its range extends south as far as the Pyrenees and Apennines in Europe, Mongolia and Japan in Asia and Connecticut, Wisconsin and Oregon in North America.
It prefers open, lime-rich sites, often those that flood in winter. It occurs in dune slacks, mountain flushes and beside lakes, rivers and canals. 

</doc>
<doc id="18649923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649923" title="Symphony No. 35 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 35 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 35 in B-flat major, Hoboken I/35, was written by Joseph Haydn. The autograph score is "carefully" dated "December 1, 1767." It has been speculated that this symphony was written to celebrate Prince Esterházy's return from a visit to the Palace of Versailles.
Movements.
The symphony is scored for two oboes, bassoon, two horns, strings and continuo. The "horns are given parts of terrifying difficulty."
It is in four movements:
The first movement's theme "suddenly develops a towering contrapuntal anger in the development" and is primarily in minor keys. 
The winds are dismissed for the slow movement.
The minuet features some colorful passages for the horn while the contrasting Trio is more subdued and scored for four-part strings.
The finale plays games with three hammerstrokes (tonic-dominant-tonic) which begin the exposition and are worked extensively in the development. The three chords also serve as the movements final cadence, confusing listeners into thinking that more will follow. This ambiguity is enhanced if the second part of the movement is repeated.

</doc>
<doc id="18649941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649941" title="Live from Paris (U2 album)">
Live from Paris (U2 album)

Live from Paris is a video and live album by U2, recorded at the band's concert at Hippodrome de Vincennes in Paris, France on July 4, 1987. The concert was originally released in video form on the bonus DVD in the box set version of the remastered edition of "The Joshua Tree", released on November 20, 2007. The following year, the concert was released as a digital music download exclusively in the iTunes Store, on 21 July 2008. Both the video and the album feature 18 tracks taken from U2's Paris concert from The Joshua Tree Tour, which took place on July 4, 1987.
Track listing.
Almost the full Parisian gig is included, with three cover songs being excluded from both "The Joshua Tree" remaster, and the iTunes audio release. The missing songs are "Stand by Me", "C'mon Everybody" (both played before "I Will Follow"), and "Help!" (played between "The Electric Co." and "Bad).

</doc>
<doc id="18649947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649947" title="Ignacio Escamilla">
Ignacio Escamilla

Ignacio Escamilla AKA "El Mostro" (born September 21, 1967) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Mexico. He represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, (21 years, 3 days) of the Mexican Swimming Team (seven men and three women). 

</doc>
<doc id="18649955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649955" title="Rho2 Arietis">
Rho2 Arietis

Rho2 Arietis is the Bayer designation for a M-type red giant star in the northern constellation of Aries. With an annual parallax shift of 9.28 mas, it is approximately distant from the Earth. It is classified as a semiregular variable star with periods of 49.9 and 54.8 days, while varying in visual magnitude between 5.62 and 6.01. This star is also known by its variable star designation, RZ Arietis.

</doc>
<doc id="18649962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649962" title="Just Hits">
Just Hits

Just Hits is a compilation album by American singer Bette Midler, released on the Atlantic Records label in Australia and New Zealand in 1987. The album was the third greatest hits compilation with Midler to be released in Australasia, following 1978's "The Best of Bette" and a second release with the same title on the K-tel label in 1981.
The eighteen track "Just Hits" includes two titles from Midler's then most recent studio album "No Frills" (1983), the Rolling Stones cover "Beast of Burden" and "Is It Love", but mainly focuses on material from her 1972 debut "The Divine Miss M" and repertoire standards like "Friends", "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy", "Do You Wanna Dance", "Leader of The Pack" and "Delta Dawn" and the 1980 soundtrack "The Rose" and songs like "When A Man Loves A Woman", "Stay With Me" and the title track "The Rose". The compilation also, somewhat unusually, includes the last sixty seconds of the Phil Spector medley ""Uptown"/"Don't Say Nothin' Bad (About My Baby)"/"Da Doo Ron Ron" from the 1973 album "Bette Midler" and consequently only "Da Doo Ron Ron". The rare single version of the 1977 track "You're Moving Out Today" also makes its third appearance on this compilation.
The picture used for the cover of "Just Hits" is in fact the very same as the K-Tel version of "The Best of Bette" which shows Midler in concert, taken from the movie "The Rose".
The first Bette Midler "greatest hits" compilation to be released worldwide, including the US and Canada, was 1993's "Experience the Divine".
Track listings.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="18649969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649969" title="Singles Collection (The Coral album)">
Singles Collection (The Coral album)

Singles Collection is a 3LP & 2CD compilation album by The Coral, and was released on 15 September 2008 in the United Kingdom on the Deltasonic label. It featured a new song "Being Somebody Else", which was released as a single on 8 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18649979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649979" title="The Rescue of Pluffles">
The Rescue of Pluffles

The Rescue of Pluffles is a short story by Rudyard Kipling. Its first appearance in book form was in Kipling's first collection of short stories, "Plain Tales from the Hills" (1888); it was first published in the "Civil and Military Gazette" on November 20, 1886. It centres on Mrs Hauksbee, and begins 
Mrs. Hauksbee was sometimes nice to her own sex. Here is a story to prove this; and you can believe just as much as ever you please.
In The Rescue of Pluffles, Pluffles is a subaltern (2nd Lieutenant) in a regiment known (for a concealing nickname) 'The Unmentionables'. He is callow, and 'trusts his own judgement': and, at 24, becomes "bound hand and foot to Mrs. Reiver's 'rickshaw wheels" - that is a hyperbolic way of saying that she dominates him so that he is at her whim. Mrs. Hauksbee and Mrs. Reiver hate each other "fervently." Mrs. Hauksbee learns that Pluffles has left a fiancée at home in England. She fights Mrs. Reiver in "the Seven Weeks' War", and finally wins by talking to him "after the manner of a mother". Pluffles and his fiancée are married. He leaves the army and returns to lead a happy life farming in England. "He would have come to extreme grief in India".
The story's last paragraph:
For these reasons, if anyone says anything more than usually nasty about Mrs. Hauksbee, tell him the story of the Rescue of Pluffles.

</doc>
<doc id="18649981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649981" title="Mark Hulse">
Mark Hulse

Mark Hulse is an English fitness guru and currently appointed Fitness Coach at Liverpool.
Biography.
Hulse is a graduate of Loughborough University and played for Loughborough Students Football Club.
In June 2006 Hulse was appointed fitness coach at Crystal Palace when Peter Taylor became manager. They had previously worked together with England Under-21. Hulse left Crystal Palace after working shortly with Neil Warnock in October 2007 and almost joined Bolton Wanderers under Sammy Lee, only for the deal to fall through when Lee was sacked.
In May 2008 Hulse was appointed fitness coach at Newcastle United to replace the departing fitness coach Adrian Lamb. Later in July Geordie Robbie Elliott returned to his hometown club to work under Hulse as strength and conditioning coach.
Hulse tried the "Italian Way" on request from Kevin Keegan, and put the Newcastle United players through two tough sessions a day in the build up towards the 2008-2009 season.
In June 2009 Hulse left Newcastle United to join Liverpool in a similar position.

</doc>
<doc id="18649983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649983" title="Donald Gow">
Donald Gow

Donald Robertson Gow (born 8 February 1868 in Blair, Scotland died 1945) was a Scottish footballer who played for Rangers, Sunderland and the Scottish national football team as a full back.
Club career.
Previously playing for Rangers, he made his debut for Sunderland against Bolton Wanderers on 19 September 1891 in a 4–3 defeat at Pike's Lane. Gow won the English Football League Championship while at Sunderland in 1892 and 1895. He played for Sunderland on two separate occasions, in 1891–1892 and 1893–1897 respectively, in total, making 96 league appearances scoring 1 goal at his time at Sunderland.
International career.
Gow made his debut and only appearance for Scotland against England on 17 March 1888 in a 5–0 defeat at Hampden Park. Gow captained the Scottish side in this game.

</doc>
<doc id="18649987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649987" title="East Adams Rural Hospital">
East Adams Rural Hospital

East Adams Rural Hospital is a twenty-bed Critical Access hospital located in Ritzville, Washington at the junction of Interstate 90 and US Route 395. Adams County Public Hospital District #2 operates the hospital in Ritzville, as well as Medical Clinics in Ritzville and Washtucna, and is associated with the Ritzville, Lind, and Washtucna Volunteer Ambulance Associations. Together, these organizations serve a area of eastern Adams County, Washington, and a District population of about 4,000. The hospital Emergency Room is a Level V Trauma Care facility that serves its community as well as accident victims from the adjacent major highways.
See also.
List of hospitals in Washington

</doc>
<doc id="18649988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649988" title="Rodrigo González (swimmer)">
Rodrigo González (swimmer)

Rodrigo González Sesma (born March 13, 1968) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Mexico. He represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in Seoul, South Korea (1988). He won the bronze medal in the Men's 100m Freestyle at the 1991 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18649997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18649997" title="Shell Green Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Shell Green Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

Shell Green Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery from World War I in the former Anzac sector of the Gallipoli Peninsula, Turkey. The battles at Gallipoli, some of whose participating soldiers are buried at this cemetery, was an eight-month campaign fought by Commonwealth and French forces against Turkish forces in an attempt to force Turkey out of the war, to relieve the deadlock of the Western Front (France/Belgium) and to open a supply route to Russia through the Dardanelles and the Black Sea.
The cemetery is on a former cottonfield at the edge of a steep slope leading from Bolton's Ridge to the sea, near the Southern end of the Anzac sector. The ground was captured by the 8th Australian Infantry on 25 April 1915 but remained sufficiently near to the front line for the rest of the campaign to suffer frequent Turkish shelling. Two cemeteries for Australian troops were established on the green in May. It continued to be used until December 1915 and the evacuation of the Anzac sector, by which time many of the graves had become elaborately decorated.
A cricket match was played on the green (and photographed) on 17 December 1915, whilst shells passed over it, as part of the Allied attempts to conceal preparations for the evacuation of the Anzac and Suvla Bay sectors.
After the Armistice the cemeteries were combined and 64 graves consolidated into it from four other cemeteries which were closed. Artillery Road and Artillery Road East Cemeteries contained 21 Australians killed between April and May 1915. Artillery Road was the name given to the track which leads from the coast road past Shell Green and up to Brown's Dip. Wright's Gully Cemetery contained the bodies of 8 Australians killed on 28 June 1915 and Eighth Battery Cemetery which contained 7 troops from the 8th Battery, Australian Field Artillery. The graves of 20 British soldiers and sailors who had been killed in 1922 and 1923 were transferred to the cemetery in March 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="18650006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650006" title="Climax Lawrence">
Climax Lawrence

Climax Lawrence (born 16 January 1979) is an Indian professional football player. He plays as a midfielder for Mumbai in the I-League.
National team.
In 2002 he was called to the Indian national football team by coach Stephen Constantine. Since then he's a part of the national team. In the AFC Challenge Cup, he scored the winning goal in the 91st minute against Afghanistan to help India to a 1-0 victory. He retired from national team on 1 February 2012.
Playing style.
He was known for his high-intensity work rate, delivering multiple attacks down the Indian midfield in a pulsating manner.

</doc>
<doc id="18650019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650019" title="Rho3 Arietis">
Rho3 Arietis

Rho3 Arietis (Rho3 Ari, ρ3 Arietis, ρ3 Ari) is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is faintly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 5.63. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 28.29 mas, this star is located at a distance of approximately from Earth.
This is an astrometric binary system. The visible component is an F-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of F6 V. It is around 2.4 billion years old and has a high abundance of elements other than hydrogen and helium when compared to the Sun.
Name.
This star, along with δ Ari, ε Ari, ζ Ari, and π Ari, were Al Bīrūnī's Al Buṭain (ألبطين), the dual of "Al Baṭn", the Belly. According to the catalogue of stars in the "Technical Memorandum 33-507 - A Reduced Star Catalog Containing 537 Named Stars", "Al Buṭain" were the title for five stars : δ Ari as "Botein", π Ari as "Al Buṭain I", ρ3 Ari as "Al Buṭain II", ε Ari as "Al Buṭain III" dan ζ Ari as "Al Buṭain IV"

</doc>
<doc id="18650035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650035" title="Daniel Pabst">
Daniel Pabst

Daniel Pabst (June 11, 1826 - July 15, 1910) was a virtuoso cabinetmaker of the Victorian Era, who created some of the most extraordinary hand-carved furniture in America. Sometimes working in collaboration with architect Frank Furness (1839-1912), he crafted pieces in the Neo-Grec, Renaissance Revival, Modern Gothic, and Colonial Revival styles. Examples of his work are in the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Philadelphia Museum of Art, the Art Institute of Chicago, and the Victoria and Albert Museum in Great Britain.
Background.
Born in Langenstein, Germany, Pabst immigrated to the U.S. in 1849 and settled in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he would spend his professional career. The excellence of his craftsmanship elevated him above his peers, as did the strongly architectonic (building-like) quality of his furniture designs—often massively scaled, with columns, pilasters, rounded and Gothic arches, bold carving and polychromatic decoration. He was a master at cameo-carving (intaglio) in wood: veneering a light-colored wood over a darker, then carving through to create a vivid contrast. Some pieces were adorned with decorative tiles, others with painted glass panels backed with reflective foil. Elaborate strap hinges and hardware were commonly used, and the furniture was sometimes ebonized. His Philadelphia shop grew to employ up to 50 workmen, but the company's records do not survive. Of the presumably thousands of pieces produced over half a century, only two are signed. Therefore, identification of his work must be made through other documentation or through attribution.
With Furness.
The most famous pieces attributed to Pabst are a Modern Gothic desk and chair made to the designs of Frank Furness. Created for the architect's brother Horace (and slightly altered from Frank's surviving drawings), they are now at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Furness family correspondence documents a set of bookcases by the pair — ""These bookcases were placed in position this day–February 18th 1871. They were designed by Capt. Frank Furness, and made by Daniel Pabst..."" — which are visible in a circa-1900 photograph of Horace Howard Furness's library. One of the bookcases is now at the University of Pennsylvania, others are now in the Barrie & Deedee Wigmore collection in New York City. 
In 1873 Theodore Roosevelt, Sr. (father of the future president) hired Furness to decorate his newly built townhouse at 6 West 57th Street, New York City (demolished). Based on designs in Furness's sketchbook, manufacture of the ornate paneling, bookcases, cabinetry and mantels is attributed to Pabst, along with individual furniture pieces. The massive dining table—with a base of carved egrets eating frogs—is in the collection of the High Museum of Art, Atlanta, Georgia. The cameo-carved master bedroom suite is at Sagamore Hill National Historic Site, President Theodore Roosevelt's summer home in Oyster Bay, New York. Antiques expert/dealer Robert Edwards (who discovered the Pabst-attributed cabinets now at the Brooklyn Museum and the Metropolitan Museum of Art) has identified a chair now in the Barrie & Deedee Wigmore collection as having come from the Roosevelt library. 
An -tall Modern Gothic exhibition cabinet at the Metropolitan Museum of Art is attributed to Furness and Pabst. It features cameo-carved doors in maple and walnut, painted glass panels backed with foil, a shingled-roof top, and ornate brass hardware. This tour de force, reminiscent of Furness's bank buildings of the late-1870s, may be the masterpiece of their collaboration.
Without Furness.
Pabst created masterworks without Furness. He received a medal for excellence at the 1876 Centennial Exposition for a large walnut sideboard (whereabouts unknown). 
""The most prominent object of the class was a black-walnut sideboard designed and made by Daniel Pabst of Philadelphia. The treatment was rather architectural throughout, too much so for practical purposes. Such a heavy piece should be built in a house, and not be treated as movable furniture. The wood was filled and highly polished on shellac, as is the common practice of our cabinet-makers with their best work... The hinges and metallic mountings were of oxidized silver of the finest workmanship and spirited in design. All the panels were filled with relief-carving, animal and floral forms being introduced; but these were not all of original design. A noticeable feature was the central mirror surmounted by a crocketed gable, richly carved, with finial composed of two birds resembling pelicans. Four finials on the posts which defined the three main divisions were finished with carved cockatoos. The amount of rich carving far surpassed that on any other Gothic piece in the Exhibition...""
The paneling, library, mantels and grand staircase of the John Bond Trevor mansion "Glenview," in Yonkers, New York – part of the Hudson River Museum – are attributed to Pabst based on an 1877 newspaper article that documents his work there, and similarities to other works attributed to him. The parlor's mantel features the flanking dog-faced beasts seen on mantels in several Furness houses, and the 1877 article specifically credits the diningroom's sideboard to Pabst. Its fox-and-crane decoration (from Aesop's Fables) is repeated on the sideboard at the Art Institute of Chicago.
Business.
Pabst formed a partnership with Franz Krausz (Krauss) about 1854. According to Philadelphia directories, Pabst was located at 222 South 4th Street, circa 1854-56; Pabst and Franz Krausz were listed as cabinet makers at 90 Cherry Street, circa 1855-57; both were working at 600 Cherry Street and residing at 234 Stamper's Alley in Philadelphia, circa 1858; the shop moved to 120 Exchange Place, circa 1861; and the company was listed under the name "Pabst and Krauss," circa 1866.
According to Philadelphia Land Records, Daniel Pabst and Franz Krauss, both cabinet makers of the City of Philadelphia, purchased the property at 269 South Fifth Street on February 16, 1865 for the sum of Four Thousand Five Hundred Dollars.
A company profile from 1886: Daniel Pabst, Designer and Manufacturer of Artistic Furniture, No. 269 South Fifth Street—One of the leading and most successful designers and manufacturers of artistic furniture in Philadelphia is Mr. Daniel Pabst, whose office and manufactory are located at No. 269 South Fifth Street. The business was established in 1854 by Pabst & Krauss, who were pioneers in the trade here. About 16 years ago Mr. Pabst became sole proprietor. The premises are very spacious, admirably arranged, and equipped throughout with every facility and convenience for the transaction of business, employment being given to 25 skilled workmen. Mr. Pabst designs and manufactures art and antique furniture of all kinds, which, for beauty and originality of design, superior and elaborate finish are unexcelled. The trade of the house extends through this and adjacent States. It is so well known and has retained its old customers for so long a time, that its reputation for honorable, straightforward dealing is established beyond the requirements of praise.
Legacy.
Pabst retired in 1896, but continued making furniture for friends and family members into his eighties. In June 1910, he was honored by the University of Pennsylvania for 50 years of carving senior-class "Honor Men Awards". He died in Philadelphia the following month, on July 15.
The largest collection of Pabst furniture is at the Philadelphia Museum of Art; including a 14-piece Renaissance Revival diningroom suite and a music cabinet made for Henry Charles Lea (c.1868), two pier mirrors made for Charles T. Parry (c.1870), a Modern Gothic cameo-carved bedroom suite made for Pabst's daughter Emma (c.1878), and a signed and dated Modern Gothic grandfather clock (""Daniel Pabst, Artist, 1884.""). In addition to the above museums, he is represented in the collections of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, the Brooklyn Museum, the Cleveland Museum of Art, the Detroit Institute of Art, the Munson-Williams-Proctor Arts Institute in Utica, NY, and the Winterthur Museum in Wilmington, DE.
A great-grandson, Richard Pabst, is assembling a complete list of his known and attributed works. The Philadelphia Museum of Art is preparing a comprehensive exhibition of his furniture.

</doc>
<doc id="18650041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650041" title="CONCACAF Under-20 Championship">
CONCACAF Under-20 Championship

The CONCACAF Under-20 Championship is the second longest running international association football event in the North America, Central America and the Caribbean region, CONCACAF, and is the qualification tournament for the FIFA U-20 World Cup. The format of the tournament has undergone changes over the years. The tournament proper is currently played with a first round of four round-robin groups from which the top two sides from each group advance to a single-elimination championship round.
Winners by country.
"Note: no titles or runners-up between 1998 and 2007".

</doc>
<doc id="18650046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650046" title="Wyoming Mills">
Wyoming Mills

Wyoming Mills is an historic textile mill site located at 110 Chace Avenue in Fall River, Massachusetts. It is also known as the former Marshall Hat Factory site.
The Wyoming Mills company was established in 1845 by Augustus Chace and William B. Trafford for the manufacture of cotton twine.
In 1896 the site was acquired by the James Marshall & Brothers hat company, which added a large red brick mill on the site. By 1911, the company employed 1,500 people and made more than 7,200 derby hats per day.
The site was determined eligible for the National Historic Register in 1983, but taken off the list due to the owner's objection.
The site is currently owned by Duro Industries, a textile dyeing and finishing company.

</doc>
<doc id="18650055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650055" title="History of Polish orthography">
History of Polish orthography

Poles adopted the Latin alphabet in the 12th century. This alphabet, however, was ill-equipped to deal with Polish phonology, particularly the palatal consonants (now written as ś, ź, ć, dź), the retroflex group (now sz, ż, and cz) as well as the nasal vowels (now written as ą, ę). Consequently, Polish spelling in the Middle Ages was highly inconsistent as writers struggled to adapt the Latin alphabet to the needs of the Polish language. There was no unified system; different writers came up with different systems before the modern Polish orthography was firmly established. 
In the earliest documents the letter c could signify c, cz, or k while the letter z was used for ś, z, ź, and ż. Writers soon began to experiment with digraphs (combinations of letters), new letters (φ and ſ), and eventually diacritics. 
Some examples from the Bull of Gniezno (1136) and the Holy Cross Sermons (13th-14th centuries):
Subsequent reforms.
Many orthography reforms happened in the end of the 18th century (under the auspices of Komisja Edukacji Narodowej (Onufry Kopczyński) and during the course of the 19th century, when the modern Polish language developed differently in the three parts created after the Partition of Poland.
A major reform of Polish orthography happened in 1936, as decided by Polska Akademia Umiejętności. Lesser changes happened after 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="18650064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650064" title="Avon Cities Jazz Band">
Avon Cities Jazz Band

The Avon Cities Jazz Band was a jazz band from Bristol, England, that formed in 1949 and eventually split in 2000. The band was known for performing jazz standards such as "Cotton Tail" (originally performed by the influential pianist Duke Ellington), and for creating their own tunes.
One popular example of their own compositions is "African Song". It was from one of their most popular albums, "Tempo Fugit", which was released in the 1990s. The Avon Cities were particularly successful in the 1970s and 1980s.
Members.
The core members of the band:
Other notable members of the band included:
Geoff Nichols and Mike Hitchings never left the band, playing from 1949 until 2000.
In 1952, Geoff Nichols, Mike Hitchins, Ray Bush and Basil Wright formed the Avon Cities Skiffle Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18650070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650070" title="Fairey Fantôme">
Fairey Fantôme

The Fairey Fantôme, also known as the Fairey Féroce, was a British fighter prototype of the mid-1930s. The prototype was designed and built by Fairey Aviation and three production aircraft were assembled in Belgium by Avions Fairey.
Development.
The Fantôme was designed in 1934 by Marcel Lobelle to meet a specification drawn up on behalf of the Belgian "Aéronautique Militaire" who were to hold an international competition to find a replacement for the Fairey Firefly II. It was of all-metal construction, with fabric skinning and a 925 hp (690 kW) Hispano-Suiza 12Ycrs engine, with provision for one 20 mm engine-mounted cannon and two .30 in (7.62 mm) wing-mounted Browning machine guns.
Operational history.
The Fantôme first flew on 6 June 1935; however, it crashed at Evere on 17 July of that year. However, Fairey had already produced parts and components for three other aircraft. These were shipped to Belgium in 1936 and completed under the name Fairey Féroce at Gosselies. Two of these were sold to the Soviet government; which later gave them to the Spanish Republican air force to aid with the Spanish Civil War. The fourth aircraft returned to Britain where it was acquired by the British Air Ministry, and no further production was undertaken.

</doc>
<doc id="18650088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650088" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Alleppey">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Alleppey

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Alleppey () is a diocese centred on the city of Alleppey in the Ecclesiastical province of Trivandrum in India. It lies along the Arabian Sea between the dioceses of Cochin and Quilon, covering an area of 333 square kilometers.
History.
The Diocese of Alleppey was erected by the Papal Bull “ Ea Redemptoris Verba” of Pope Pius XII, dated June 19, 1952 which divided the northern territory of the old Cochin Diocese at the Kuthiathodu Canal Line. The territory to the north of that line belongs to the Cochin Diocese and that to the south of it,to the Diocese of Alleppey.The executorial Decree of September 8, 1952 assigned to each of the Diocese of Alleppey and Cochin a supplementary personal jurisdiction over certain parishes in the territory of the other. This Decree was approved by the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith on September 24, 1952 and become effective on October 11, 1952.
The boundaries are: on the north, the Kuthiathodu CanalLine; on the south, a straight line from the curve of the Pampa River at Viyapuram to the Arabian Sea through Thottappally; on the east, a line along the middle of the Vembanadu Lake continued to the south by the Pallathuruthy Canal, one of the main branches of the Pampa River, to Viyapuram; on the west, the Arabian sea
The area assigned to the Diocsese comprises roughly the area of the Jesuit Mission of St.Andre of muteret . The Jesuit started mission work among the St Thomas Christian in this area about 1570. The greatest among the Jesuit missionaries who worked in this area was Fr.Giacomo Fenicio, an Italian, who was Vicar of St Andrew’s Church, Arthunkal, from 1584 to 1602 and again from 1619 till his death in 1632. He was a pioneer in Indology.
A century of intense mission work of the Jesuits, left the Christian community from Cochin to Purakad considerably increased and provided with several churches, the more important among them being St Andrew’s Aruthukal (1581).St Michael’s Kattor(1590),St Thomas Thumpoly(1600) and St George’s Manakodam (1640). A few other churches built during this period were destroyed either by wars or by sea erosion.
After the Schism of the Coonan Cross, the St Thomas Christians of the Mission of St Andre were reconciled to Rome by Msgr. Giuseppe Sebastiani during his second tour of Malabar in 1662.
Even after the capture of Cochin by the Dutch, the Jesuits continued to look after the Christians of this area till about the middle of the 18th Century. Then the Mission was taken over by the Carmelite Missionaries and remained under the Vicariate of Verapoly till the restoration of the old cochin diocese in 1886.
In 1570 Jesuit missionaries started to work in the area. Five churches were built:
On June 19, 1952 the Diocese of Alleppey was created by a division of the Diocese of Cochin. The "community of Five Hundreds" (Anjoottikkar) was a prominent group.
Bishops.
There have been three Latin Rite bishops of Alleppey:

</doc>
<doc id="18650097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650097" title="Symphony No. 36 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 36 (Haydn)

Joseph Haydn wrote Symphony No. 36 in E-flat major, Hoboken 1/36, some time in the first half of the 1760s. Scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo, the slow movement features solos for violin and cello. It is in four movements:

</doc>
<doc id="18650111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650111" title="Vijayalakshmi (Tamil actress)">
Vijayalakshmi (Tamil actress)

Vijayalakshmi Agathiyan is a Tamil film actress. She is the daughter of the National Film Award-winning Tamil film director Agathiyan.
Career.
Vijayalakshmi debuted in the 2007 film "Chennai 600028" under the direction of Venkat Prabhu. The film was eventually a blockbuster and she later portrayed the female lead role in the film "Anjathe" which was also a critically acclaimed film. After making a special appearance in Venkat Prabhu's "Saroja" in 2008, she has been actively working in her next films "Adhe Neram Adhe Idam" and the animated film, "Sultan The Warrior",a forthcoming Indian feature computer-animation film, for which she will be providing her voice for the lead female character.
Personal life.
Vijayalakshmi is a Bachelor of Technology graduate from Easwari Engineering College. Her elder sister, Karthika Agathiyan, is a popular television anchor on Makkal TV. She also has a younger sister named Niranjani, who is an upcoming costume designer in Kollywood. Her sister Karthika's husband Thiru is the director of Vishal's "Theeradha Vilaiyattu Pillai".

</doc>
<doc id="18650117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650117" title="Will Hammond Jr">
Will Hammond Jr

William Elliot Hammond (born on April 19, 1979 in San Francisco, California) is an American pop and R&B singer/songwriter. He is best known for composing the single "Hold You Tight" for Warner Bros. artist Tara Kemp in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18650120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650120" title="2004 Betta Electrical 500">
2004 Betta Electrical 500

The 2004 Betta Electrical Sandown 500 the ninth round of the Australian 2004 V8 Supercar Championship Series. It was held on the weekend of the 10 to 12 September at Sandown International Raceway in Melbourne, Victoria.
It was the 37th "Sandown 500" endurance race to be held at the Victorian circuit.
Top ten shootout.
Sourced from:
Official results.
Sourced from:

</doc>
<doc id="18650125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650125" title="Hard Working Class Heroes">
Hard Working Class Heroes

Hard Working Class Heroes (sometimes shortened to HWCH) is an Irish music festival for emerging bands. It has taken place in Dublin on an annual basis in and around September of each year since 2003. Organised by First Music Contact and Wrong Tape Speed, "The Irish Times" has referred to it as "an essential must-see/do on Ireland’s music calendar".

</doc>
<doc id="18650131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650131" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Neyyattinkara">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Neyyattinkara

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Neyyattinkara () is a diocese located in the city of Neyyattinkara in the Ecclesiastical province of Trivandrum in India.
History.
The lion share of the population of Neyyattinkara Roman Catholic Diocese belong to major ethnic group of Nadar Community. The Holy Throne has established the Diocese of Neyyattinkara for the exclusive evangelisation of the area, progress and preservation of the Nadar Ethnic Minority.

</doc>
<doc id="18650151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650151" title="Boscia senegalensis">
Boscia senegalensis

Boscia senegalensis, or hanza, is a member of the family Capparaceae. The plant originated from West Africa. Still a traditional food plant in Africa, this little-known fruit has potential to improve nutrition, boost food security, foster rural development and support sustainable landcare.
"B. senegalensis" is a perennial woody plant species of the "Boscia" genus in the caper (Capparaceae) family. This plant is classified as a dicot. Native to the Sahel region in Africa, this evergreen shrub can grow anywhere from in height under favourable conditions. The leaves of the plant are small and leathery, reaching . "B. senegalensis" produces fruits, clustered in small bunches, in the form of yellow spherical berries, up to in diameter. These fruits contain 1–4 seeds, which are a greenish hue when mature.
"B. senegalensis" is recognized as a potential solution to hunger and a buffer against famine in the Sahel region due to the variety of useful products it yields. It produces products for consumption, household needs, and medicinal and agricultural uses. 
Other common names include: "aizen" (Mauritania), "mukheit" (Arabic), "hanza" (Hausa), "bere" (Bambara), "ngigili" (Fulani), and "mandiarha" (Berber). The fruits are also known as "dilo" (Hausa), "bokkhelli" (Arabic), "gigile" (Fulani).
History, geography and ethnography.
"B. senegalensis" is a wild species, native to the Sahel region in Africa. It has not yet been domesticated. It currently grows in: Algeria, Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Somalia, Sudan, and Togo.
Ethnobotanical indigenous knowledge contributes to the importance of this plant to the Hausa peoples of Niger and Fulani herders in West Africa. During the famine of 1984–1985, it was reported that "B. senegalensis" was the most widely consumed famine food in both Sudan and Darfur, relied on by over 94% of people in northern Darfur.
Growing conditions.
"B. senegalensis" grows in altitudes of , in temperatures between and with rainfall conditions of annually. It can be found growing in marginal soils: rocky, lateritic, clay stony hills, sand dunes, and sand-clay plains. These characteristics make it a highly resilient species, able to grow without expensive inputs even in the extremely hot and dry desert region of the Sahel. Herein lies its significance for poor farmers – in times of severe drought and famine, when many other crops have failed, "B. senegalensis" can still survive and provide useful products. 
Other farming issues.
"B. senegalensis" can benefit farmers because it keeps soil from laying bare and thus prevents soil erosion and degradation. It also buffers against wind, stabilizes sand dunes, offers shade to surrounding plants and cycles nutrients. In Niger, the trees are often cut or burned down by farmers in the dry season, in order to make space on the field for staple crops as millet or sorghum. However, due to the strong surviving character of the tree, it reappears after the first rains and continues growing as a small bush.
How consumed and uses.
Fruits are ready for human consumption at the beginning of the rainy season, when most crops are just being planted, and there is little other food available. Fruits can be consumed raw and cooked. Raw fruits initially contain a sweet pulp that then dries out to a sugary solid, difficult to separate from seed. Fruits are often cooked prior to consumption. Juice can also be extracted and boiled down into a butter-like consistency that can be mixed with millet and milk to make cakes. In Sudan, the fruit is fermented into a beer.
The seeds of "B. senegalensis" are also important sources of nutrition during times of famine. To gain access to the seeds, fruits are dried in the sun, pounded to remove the outer seed coat and soaked in water for several days, changing the water every day. The seed soaking process, also known as "debittering", is essential to remove bitter and potentially toxic components. Seeds must be cooked prior to consumption. Cooked seeds are texturally similar to a chickpea and can be used as a cereal substitute in stews, soups and porridges. Additionally, seeds can be re-dried and stored for later use or ground into a flour that can be used to make porridge. Roasted seeds can also serve as a substitute for coffee.
Leaf extracts contain carbohydrate hydrolase enzymes that are useful for the production of cereal-based flour and for reducing the bulk of cereal porridges. Due to their proven biocidal activities, leaves are also added to granaries to protect cereals against pathogens. Leaves have many medicinal properties, notably anti-parasitic, fungicidal, anti-inflammatory and wound healing properties. Leaves, although not pleasant to taste, can be used as emergency forage for animals.
Young roots can be ground and boiled down into a thick, sweet porridge.
Wood can be used for home construction as well as for cooking fuel in times of dire need. 
"B. senegalensis" contains natural coagulants that can be used to clarify water sources. Components of the plant (bark, twigs, leaves, fruits) can be added to a bucket of murky water, and the natural coagulants will cause clay and other particulates to compact and sink the bottom, allowing clear water to be obtained from the top.
Nutritional information.
Fruits are a significant source of carboydrates, as they contain 66.8% carbohydrates.
The seeds are sufficiently nutritious, although they do lack some essential nutrients, notably lysine and threonine. The seeds have significant levels of protein (25% of dry matter) and carbohydrates (60%). In these regards, seeds outperform local staple cereals such as sorghum and millet. Additionally, seeds are rich in zinc, iron, methionine, tryptophan, B-vitamins and linoleic acid (essential fatty acid). Seeds contain 3.6 times the World Health Organization (WHO) ideal level of tryptophan.
Leaves have high antioxidant capacity (nearly 1.5 times that of spinach) and are high in calcium, potassium, manganese and iron. The bioavailability of these compounds, however, is not very well known. 
Economics.
Leaves, seeds and fruits of "B. senegalensis" are traded in many small markets in the Sahel region. Some opportunities to add value are: roasting seeds to be sold as a coffee bean substitute, fermenting fruit into beer, processing fruit and seeds into prepared food, or processing leaves into medicinal applications. It can help raise incomes of the poor by protecting their stored cereals from pests and by substituting for other purchases from the market. 
Gender Issues.
Women in rural areas usually have the responsibility of gathering and preparing "B. senegalensis" for consumption. This process can create an extra work burden for women, however, their dominion over this process may result in increased access to this food source and thus contribute to improving their nutritional status. 
Constraints to wider adoption.
A major constraint to the wider adoption of "B. senegalensis" is the recalcitrant nature of its seeds. Seeds of this type are not well suited for ex-situ conservation, as they rapidly lose viability, and embryos are killed when seeds are dried. This creates a barrier to widespread growth, as it is difficult to propagate large numbers of plants for large-scale genetic selection and breeding. Other drawbacks to consumption include the issue of toxicity and the associated need to use scarce water resources and additional labour to leach out toxins during the debittering process. 
Practical information.
One intervention with the potential to help poor farmers is the creation of cool temperature storage facilities – as "B. senegalensis" seeds can be stored for up to 2 months at .
It is imperative to spread knowledge of the wide range of benefits that "B. senegalensis" provides, in order to encourage small farmers to plant it. New plantings would offer increased protection to the soil as well as provide food and other resources in times of famine.
It is recommended that the techniques of grafting and generating hybrids (wide-crosses) with related species be explored, as both techniques have the potential to increase harvests and/or improve the fruits. Promising preliminary research is being conducted using in vitro tissue culture technologies to propagate "B. senegalensis". Additionally, direct seedling trials are recommended and being advanced by the Eden Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="18650162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650162" title="Arthur Olszyk">
Arthur Olszyk

Arthur L. Olszyk (1923–1996) was a pioneer in Milwaukee television news. 
Olszyk was born in Milwaukee in 1923. He graduated from Pulaski High School and afterward studied journalism at Marquette University. Immediately after graduation from Marquette in 1944, Olszyk began his career in broadcast journalism at WTMJ-AM. He remained with WTMJ, working in both radio and in television at WTMJ-TV, until his retirement in 1980. Olszyk received the By-Line Award from Marquette's School of Journalism in 1978, and in 1987 was inducted into the Milwaukee Press Club Hall of Fame. After retirement from WTMJ Olszyk taught broadcast journalism at Marquette University for seven years until his second retirement in 1987. Arthur Olszyk died on November 29, 1996 at age 73.
Olszyk began his career in television news before many people even knew about the medium. Some the earliest TV shows he produced were the weekly program Around Town, which was launched in 1948; Milwaukee Newsreel, in the 1950s; and the later daily documentaries, Special Assignment.
While at WTMJ Olszyk served as assistant news editor under Jack Krueger from 1953 to 1963. Promoted to news editor for WTMJ-TV in 1963, he remained at that position until his retirement. In 1993 he published the book, Live At the Scene: Local TV News in Milwaukee, 1944-1980.
Archival Collections.
The papers of Arthur L. Olszyk are organized within two series.
The Olszyk Papers series contains correspondence, office memoranda, press clippings photographs, and publications from Olszyk's tenure at WTMJ and from his work on Live. . . At the Scene: Local TV News in Milwaukee, 1944-1980. The bulk of the material comes from his tenure as news editor of WTMJ-TV.
The Marquette University Related Papers series contains records relating to Olszyk's teaching years at Marquette University. The correspondence was maintained in its original arrangement, a combination author and chronological file. As a result, some correspondence by a particular author may be located in either the author or chronological file, and the research will want to consult both to ensure that all appropriate correspondence is located. Records related to the administration of the College of Journalism (faculty meeting minutes, dean's memos, etc.) were removed and arranged within the College of Journalism records series.

</doc>
<doc id="18650163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650163" title="Bellestar">
Bellestar

Bellestar () it is a small town in the municipality of Montferrer i Castellbò, in Alt Urgell, Catalonia. It has a population of approximately 90. It lies to west of the small river Mare de Déu de la Trobada.

</doc>
<doc id="18650167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650167" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Punalur">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Punalur

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Punalur () is a diocese located in the city of Punalur in the Ecclesiastical province of Trivandrum in India.
History.
Belgian Carmelite missionaries were the First Fathers of Punalur and of places around Punalur. During the Second World War the First Fathers had to go back, entrusting the church work to the diocesan clergy of Quilon (Kollam).
Punalur was separated from the Diocese of Quilon (Kollam) and created into a separate unit by the Bull “Verba Christi” of Pope John Paul II, issued on 21 December 1985.
Territory.
Present Diocese of Punalur extended to the entire civil district of Pathanamthitta, taluks of Kottarakkara, Kunnathur, Mavelikara and several pakuthies of the taluks of Karunagappally and Chengannur.

</doc>
<doc id="18650187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650187" title="Coton House">
Coton House

Coton House is a late 18th-century country house at Churchover, near Rugby, Warwickshire in England. It is now used as a corporate commercial training centre. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The Manor of Coton was held before the Dissolution of the Monasteries by the monks of Coombe Abbey. In 1551 the estate was sold to the Dixwell family and a moated manor house was built on the monastic remains. On the death of Sir William Dixwell in 1757 the estate passed to his nephew William Dixwell Grimes, whose son Abraham Grimes in 1787 replaced the old manor house with the present house built to designs by architect Samuel Wyatt.
The two-storey sandstone house has an interesting entrance front, the central three bays being bowed to full height.
In 1874 the estate, then , was sold to Francis Arkwright. Much of the land was sold and in 1881 the house was let out to John Arthur James. His widow bought it in 1936. After her death it was converted in 1948 for use as a corporate training centre and staff hostel. From 1948 to 1968, Coton House served as a hostel for apprentices and students employed by a nearby Rugby industrial company (initially BTH which was part of the AEI group, and which was taken over by GEC in 1967).
Just after 7.30 am on Tuesday 22 June 2010 a fire broke out in the first floor and roofspace of Mansion House at Coton House and burnt it out. The smoke could be seen for miles away. More than 50 firemen arrived to fight the fire.[http://www.rugbyadvertiser.co.uk/news/FIRE-LATEST-Firefighters-continue-to.6376628.jp More news

</doc>
<doc id="18650212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650212" title="Conchas Dam">
Conchas Dam

Conchas Dam is a dam on the Canadian River in San Miguel County, New Mexico in the United States, about northeast of Santa Rosa. Forming Conchas Lake, it is a concrete gravity dam flanked by earthen wing dikes, standing high with a total length of . The dam serves mainly for irrigation water supply and flood control and is operated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
First proposed in the early 1930s, the dam was initially rejected because of its remote site and Depression conditions in New Mexico. However, the dam was made a possibility in 1935 with the passage of the Emergency Relief Appropriation Act, which authorized several public works projects in New Mexico to provide relief to unemployment. Initial site work began in 1935 with construction on the actual dam starting in 1936. In 1939 construction was completed at a cost of $15.8 million.
Conchas Dam holds back a permanent pool of , with a maximum flood-control capacity of . At normal water levels the reservoir has a surface area of , increasing to at full pool.
The dam and reservoir are the primary feature of the Tucumcari Irrigation Project. Water released from the dam is diverted into of canals which irrigate of land in the Canadian River valley. The irrigation works were built by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation from 1940–1942 and were turned over to the Arch Hurley Conservancy District in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="18650221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650221" title="Yenikend">
Yenikend

Yenikend or Yenikənd or Yenikänd or Yenikand or Yenik’end or Yengikend (Azerbaijani and Turkish for "new village") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18650233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650233" title="Come What May (film)">
Come What May (film)

Come What May is an American direct-to-video drama film released on March 17, 2009 by Advent Film Group. The filmmakers intentionally released it on DVD and not to theaters. George Escobar said, "Going straight to DVD will allow church groups to become the distributor." The film tells the story of Caleb Hogan who tries to overturn Roe v. Wade in a moot court championship.
Plot.
Caleb Hogan (Austin Kearney) wants to transfer to Patrick Henry College (PHC) to compete on the Moot Court team. His mother, Judith (Karen Jezek), who is a Constitutional lawyer, opposes his decision because Patrick Henry College teaches from a socially conservative perspective. Since Caleb insists that the PHC Moot Court team will provide him with the best training for working in her law firm, Judith agrees to pay for education on the condition that he wins the Moot Court National Championship.
The Moot Court topic is soon announced as a parental notification case, weighing the daughters right to have an abortion against her parents right to know about it. Caleb believes that the team will be most successful by arguing for a small exception to the apparent "right to abortion" by showing substantial parental interests, not because he himself supports abortion but because he insists that attempting to overturn Roe v. Wade will provoke a negative emotional response from the liberal judges. His partner, Rachel (Victoria Emmons), however, argues that they should make the case to overturn it and completely deny the right to an abortion.
Meanwhile, Judith is offered a case to argue in the Supreme Court on behalf of an abortion clinic who violated a state's parental notification laws. Against the wishes of her husband, Don (Kenny Jezek), and her son, Caleb, Judith takes the case and asks Rachel to work as an intern at her law firm to help her prepare. As the Moot Court championship tournament draws near, Caleb is faced with a growing rift forming between his parents, an escalating argument with his debate partner and the future of his education and his family at stake.
Production.
Production of "Come What May" began in mid-2007. The cast and crew included many homeschooled students, and the movie was filmed using digital high-definition video in order to keep the production on a small budget. Filming locations included Purcellville, Virginia, at Patrick Henry College and Lynchburg, Virginia at Liberty University. Pickup filming and re-shoots took place in January 2008 in Purcellville and Leesburg, Virginia. Post-production editing was performed in Tennessee, sound design was completed in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and the film's marketing and distribution activities were organized in Northern Virginia. In total, over 40 students from 16 different U.S. states participated in the making of "Come What May".

</doc>
<doc id="18650234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650234" title="Jimmy Hannah">
Jimmy Hannah

Jimmy Hannah (born c. 1868 in Glasgow, Scotland (date of death unknown) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Scottish national football team as a winger.
He married Isabella Potts in 1890 in Sunderland. Children Mary Neilson Hannah, Annie Hannah and James Hannah. On the 1901 Census he is listed as a publican in Durham. In 1911 he is listed as a barman.
He died in 1917 in Sunderland.
He signed for Sunderland from Third Lanark and made his debut for the Wearside club on 3 October 1891 against Everton in a 2–1 win at Newcastle Road. He played for Sunderland during 1891–1897 and won English League Championship Medals in 1893 and 1895. His goalscoring record in the FA Cup was to note, as he scored 10 times in 16 games in the competition, including a hat trick in Sunderland's record 11–1 win over Fairfield F.C. on 2 February 1895 in the first round. Overall, at his time at Sunderland, he played in 152 league games and scored 69 goals.
International career.
Hannah made his sole Scotland cap against Wales on 15 April 1889 in a 0–0 draw at The Racecourse Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="18650239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650239" title="Fairey F.2">
Fairey F.2

__NOTOC__
The Fairey F.2 was a British fighter prototype in the late 1910s. It was the first aircraft designed entirely by the Fairey Aviation Company.
Development.
The F.2 was ordered by the Admiralty in 1916 as a massive, three-seat long-range fighter. Powered by two Rolls-Royce Falcon engines, it was a three-bay biplane with a four-wheel "bedstead" main undercarriage, the wings folding aft from a point outboard of the engines. Armament consisted of a .303 in (7.7 mm) Lewis Gun on a Scarff ring on the extreme nose and a similar installation immediately aft of the wings.
Operational history.
Built at Harlington the F.2 was transported by road to Northolt Aerodrome where it first flew on 17 May 1917; however, by then Admiralty interest in the project had waned. The fighter was found to be hard to handle and slow, and as such no further production was continued.

</doc>
<doc id="18650270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650270" title="Behrampore (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Behrampore (Lok Sabha constituency)

Behrampore is a Lok Sabha constituency in West Bengal.
References.
http://164.100.24.209/newls/lokaralpha.aspx?lsno=13

</doc>
<doc id="18650276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650276" title="Brazil–United States cotton dispute">
Brazil–United States cotton dispute

The Brazil–United States cotton dispute was a World Trade Organization dispute settlement case (DS267) on the issue of unfair subsidies on cotton. In 2002, Brazil—a major cotton export competitor—expressed its growing concerns about United States cotton subsidies by initiating a WTO dispute settlement case (DS267) against certain features of the U.S. cotton program. Focusing on six specific claims relating to US payment programmes, Brazil argued that the US had failed to abide by its commitments 
in the Uruguay Round Agreement on Agriculture (AoA) and the Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures (SCM). On September 8, 2004, a WTO dispute settlement (DS) panel ruled against the United States on several key issues in case.
The United States is the second-largest producer and world’s largest exporter of cotton. In recent years, the United States has been exporting an increasing share of its annual production, due in large part to a decline in domestic mill use.
On August 31, 2009, after a series of recourses by both United States and Brazil, WTO issued a decision on the dispute DS267.
The implications of the ruling are that it shows that the US and European Union have used loopholes and creative accounting to continue dumping products on developing markets, hurting impoverished developing country farmers. The WTO dispute settlement panel also found that the USA misreported certain programmes as ‘non trade-distorting’, when in fact they were trade-distorting.
Implications for African countries.
A study, commissioned by ICTSD and conducted by Mario Jales of Cornell University, suggests that cotton prices would have risen over a 1998-2007 base period if the US had cut subsidies that were deemed unlawful by a dispute panel at the World Trade Organisation (WTO), following complaints by Brazil.
Farmers in poor countries could have gained from an average 6 percent increase in world cotton prices over the same base period, if the US had accepted proposals made by African nations to slash the lavish subsidies enjoyed by rich country producers.
Cotton production in the US could have declined by as much as 15 percent, the study suggests, if African proposals in the draft Doha
accord were applied to historical output levels over the ten-year period examined by the study, and production in the EU could drop by as much as 30 percent. However, production volumes could increase by as much as 3-3.5 percent in Brazil, Central Asia and West Africa - with production values growing by up to 13 percent.
Similarly, if African proposals that are included in the Doha draft were applied to trade flows over the ten-year period that the study examines, US export volumes would have fallen by 16 percent on average. Average export volumes would have increased dramatically for Brazil and India (12-14 percent), and by a lower but still substantial amount in Uzbekistan, the ‘C-4′ West African cotton producing countries (Benin, Burkina Faso, Chad and Mali), and Australia (2-2.5 percent).

</doc>
<doc id="18650277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650277" title="Edward Du Bois">
Edward Du Bois

Edward Du Bois may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18650280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650280" title="Jailhouse Jesus">
Jailhouse Jesus

Jailhouse Jesus is the colloquial term for an observed psychological phenomenon of new inmates to 'find religion' during their (usually first) incarceration. It is closely related to Stockholm Syndrome and is a Stress Induced Behavioral Disorder. Whether it comes from a genuine desire to "repent", an appeal to authority, or other factors is a subject for debate.
Congress passed a federal law recognizing a prisoner's religious rights; this law is known as the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act of 2000. This law allows inmates to practice a wide variety of religions, as well as attend regular services and possess many religious items.

</doc>
<doc id="18650282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650282" title="Peterhof">
Peterhof

Peterhof, Petergof, or Peterhoff may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18650295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650295" title="Kurt R. A. Giambastiani">
Kurt R. A. Giambastiani

Kurt Robert Achilles Giambastiani (born December 4, 1958) is a novelist whose works blend elements of science fiction, fantasy, adventure, and romance. Giambastiani's work is also usually imbued with a strong historical context, resulting in many of his novels being classified as alternate history, historical fantasy, or historical fiction.
Biography.
Born in San Rafael, California, Giambastiani first embarked on a career in music. He studied classical music at San Francisco State University before transferring to the Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance in Jerusalem, Israel. He moved to Seattle, Washington in 1984.
Upon returning to the United States from Israel, he spent several years as a violist with regional orchestras, including five years as principal violist with the Bellevue Philharmonic in Washington State. At the same time, Giambastiani built a second career as a software developer.
Giambastiani switched from music to writing in the early 1990s, concentrating on short stories in science fiction and fantasy. After several publications of his short fiction, he turned to novels and, in 2001, debuted with "The Year the Cloud Fell", the first volume in his Fallen Cloud Saga, which was a finalist for the Endeavour Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18650296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650296" title="Saraka">
Saraka

Sarak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18650323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650323" title="USS Elder (AN-20)">
USS Elder (AN-20)

USS "Elder" (AN-20/YN-15) was an "Aloe"-class net laying ship which was assigned to serve the U.S. Navy during World War II with her protective anti-submarine nets.
Built in West Virginia.
"Elder" (YN-15) was launched 19 June 1941 by Marietta Manufacturing Company, Point Pleasant, West Virginia; and placed in service 12 November 1941, Lieutenant T. D. E. Martin, USNR, in charge. She was redesignated "AN-20" on 20 January 1944.
World War II service.
Serving in the 1st Naval District "Elder" laid and tended nets at Boston, Massachusetts, until 15 March 1942, then sailed to Portland, Maine, to serve as controlling gate vessel in Hussey Sound. She was commissioned 15 December 1942, Lieutenant D. H. Morse, USNR, in command.
"Elder" returned to Boston 25 June 1943, and sailed 8 August, for San Diego, California, Pearl Harbor, and Funafuti, Ellice Islands, arriving 15 November. She assembled, launched, and tended nets there, and after the capture of the Gilbert Islands, sailed to Tarawa in December for mooring and net operations off that island, Makin, and Abemama. Departing the Gilberts in February 1944 with "LCT-247" in tow for Kwajalein, she laid and cared for nets in the Marshall Islands until the end of the year.
After an overhaul on the U.S. West Coast, "Elder" returned to the South Pacific Ocean to repair nets at the fleet base at Manus, arriving there 30 April 1945. The following month she got underway for Luzon, searching for and towing the disabled merchant tanker "SS McKitterick" Hills en route. She delivered the tanker to Mangarin Bay, Mindoro, then continued to Subic Bay for voyage repairs. 
"Elder" remained in the Philippines for the rest of the war. She laid sonar buoy moorings to protect against Japanese submarines entering Subic Bay; made a sounding survey of North Channel between Corregidor and Bataan; and in September began plotting the position of known wrecks in Manila Harbor. In October she returned to Subic Bay to remove and salvage net defense.
End-of-war activity.
"Elder" sailed back to Corregidor in November 1945 for a unique assignment. Until May 1946 she conducted diving operations in Caballo Bay to recover thousands of silver pesos, Philippine currency, which had been dumped in the bay to prevent its capture by the Japanese. 
Remaining in the Philippines, "Elder" operated from her base at Subic Bay on a variety of assignments. She assisted in the decommissioning of small craft; maintained moorings; transported passengers and cargo between Philippine ports; and occasionally escorted small craft to Okinawa.
Post-war activity.
"Elder" returned to the U.S. West Coast 3 August 1948 for duty at the Naval Net Depot at Tiburon, California. On 23 May 1949 she sailed for Alaskan waters where she conducted buoy operations at Adak; carried a scientific party from Great Sitkin Island to Adak; and transported three Navy petty officers to service the weather station of Simeonoff Island. She returned to her base at Tiburon 13 October 1949.
Fire aboard the vessel at sea.
In 1950 "Elder" was ordered to the western Pacific Ocean, but on 11 March when a week out of Pearl Harbor, a serious fire broke out in the engine room. With all headway lost and no water pressure, "Elder" appeared doomed. But sound training and Navy "know-how," combined with determined courage in the ship's intrepid damage control parties, subdued the raging flames. 
Her engines damaged beyond repair, the stricken net tender drifted helplessly for a week before assistance in the form of "Comstock" (LSD-19) and "Piedmont" (AD-17) arrived on 18 March. The next day "Elder" was taken in tow by "Deliver" (ARS-23) and began the long slow haul to Pearl Harbor.
Korean War support.
Her extensive repairs complete, "Elder" sailed from Pearl Harbor 26 January 1951 for net operations at Yokosuka, Japan, a key operating base in the Korean War. She returned to Tiburon 27 January 1952, and except for occasional cruises to Eniwetok, Kwajalein, and Guam for net and buoy operations, served on the west coast. In April 1954 she was assigned to the 13th Naval District for training duty with the harbor defense unit of the Pacific Northwest.
Final decommissioning.
She was decommissioned there 18 December 1959.
Honors and awards.
Elder received one battle star for World War II service because of her participation in the Gilbert Islands operation.

</doc>
<doc id="18650325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650325" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Calicut">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Calicut

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Calicut () is a diocese located in the city of Kozhikode in the Ecclesiastical province of Verapoly in India.
On Tuesday, May 15, 2012, Pope Benedict XVI appointed as the sixth Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Calicut, India (area 12,505; population: 10,453,000; Catholics: 50,201; priests: 125; religious: 833), Bishop Varghese Chakkalakal, who until then had been the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kannur (based in Kannur, India), and simultaneously appointed him as the Apostolic Administrator of the vacant see (sede vacante) of his previous Diocese, Kannur. Bishop Varghese Chakkalakal was born in Malapallipuram, India, located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kottapuram (based in Kottapuram, India), on February 7, 1953. He completed his philosophical and theological studies at St. Joseph's Seminary in Mangalore, India. Bishop Chakkalakal was ordained to the presbyterate for the Diocese of Calicut on April 2, 1981. After Ordination, he was: Assistant Pastor in the Parish of Lourdu Matha, Pallikunnu, India (1981-1982); Assistant Pastor in the Parish of San Antonio, in Pakkom, India (1982-1984); a student at St. Joseph's Pontifical Institute, in Alwaye, India (1984-1986); Assistant Pastor of three parishes: Chalil, West Hill, Ezhimala (1986-1987); a student at the Pontifical Urbaniana University at the Vatican in Rome, Italy, where he earned a degree in Canon Law (1987-1991); and as a Pastor in Perinthalmanna, India and Chali, India (1991-1992). Since 1992, he was a Professor of Canon Law and Moral Theology at St. Joseph's Seminary, Mangalore. On November 5, 1998, he was appointed the first Bishop of Kannur, India by Pope John Paul II, and received his episcopal consecration on February 7, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18650330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650330" title="The Given Day">
The Given Day

The Given Day is a novel by Dennis Lehane published in September 2008; it is about the early twentieth-century period and set in Boston, Massachusetts, where its actions include the 1919 police strike, and Tulsa, Oklahoma, where the thriving Greenwood District was known as the "Black Wall Street". Lehane has said he intends to write at least two follow-up novels. In October 2012 Lehane released his first follow up novel, "Live By Night."
Plot summary.
"The Given Day" is a historical novel set in Boston, Massachusetts and Tulsa, Oklahoma. The story has two main characters: Aiden "Danny" Coughlin, an ethnic Irish Boston Police patrolman, whose father is a prominent detective and captain in the department; and Luther Laurence, a talented African-American amateur baseball player from Columbus, Ohio. 
The novel starts at the end of World War I, when union organizing activities are high across the country. The year is 1918 and the BPD patrolmen have not been given a raise since 1905; they are working for below-poverty level wages. The Boston Social Club (BSC) is the fraternal organization of the BPD patrolmen and its members begin to discuss their grievances and possible actions. Due to his family's high status and reputation in the police department, Danny is reluctant to attend BSC meetings. His partner, Steve Coyle, is able to get him to attend some meetings where the BSC hopes to join the American Federation of Labor, a national union. BPD Captain Thomas Coughlin (Danny's father), FBI agent Rayme Finch, and a Department of Justice lawyer, the young J. Edgar Hoover, assign Danny to infiltrate the Roxbury Lettish Workingman's Society in promise of his detective's stripes. Danny is told that they may be collaborating with other radical cells to plan a national revolt on May Day. As Danny is undercover attending meetings with the Letts, he begins to identify with some of the principles they preach. He soon is elected as the vice-president of the BSC.
Luther Laurence and his pregnant wife, Lila, move from Columbus to Tulsa, Oklahoma to start a new life closer to some of her relatives in the Greenwood District. Laurence and his friend Jessie earn some extra money running numbers for a local bookie and gangster, Deacon Skinner Brocious. When Jessie gets caught skimming from Deacon, a deadly confrontation ensues. Laurence has to leave his wife in Tulsa and flees to Boston, where his uncle sets him up with the Giddreauxs, a black couple who lead the Boston chapter of the recently formed National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). In Boston Luther gets work as a handyman and servant in the home of police Captain Thomas Coughlin. While working for the Coughlins, Laurence becomes close friends with Nora O'Shea, an Irish immigrant and servant. She was taken in by the Coughlins five years earlier, when the captain found her shivering in the streets on Christmas Eve. Nora and Danny had a love affair, which ended when he discovered a dark secret from her past. She has become engaged to his younger brother, a rising attorney.
Luther is manipulated by Lieutenant Eddie McKenna, best friend to Captain Coughlin and godfather to Danny. Delving into Luther's past, McKenna has discovered that he is running from the deadly altercation in Tulsa. Laurence has been earning his board at the Giddreauxs' home by renovating an old building as the new NAACP headquarters in Boston. McKenna forces him to obtain NAACP membership information and to build a secret chamber in the new headquarters.
When the Coughlins discover Nora's secret, she is banned from their household. Luther is banned after being caught spending time with her and giving her food. Danny's involvement in the BSC takes him away from his family as well; his father is particularly opposed to Danny's new "radical and Bolshevik-like" views. Nora, Danny and Luther form a close friendship. Nora is on her own just as she was five years ago, the men of the BPD are counting on Danny to lead them to a fair wage and working conditions, and Laurence is trying to escape McKenna's clutches and make it back to his wife and child.
The story culminates in the historical Boston Police Strike, which is precipitated by the police commissioner's refusal to allow the nascent police union's right to affiliate with national labor organizations, or to exist. In the chaos of the strike, Luther saves Danny's life. By this time Danny had reunited with and married Nora. Luther reconciles the difficult situation he had run from in Tulsa, and succeeds in returning there to join his wife and recently born child in the Greenwood District. (This is before the area was destroyed in the 1921 Tulsa Race Riot.)
Babe Ruth storyline.
The notable historic ball player Babe Ruth is featured as a recurring character in "The Given Day", along with other historic figures. He appears in the prologue and various transitions within the novel. In the prologue, the Boston Red Sox and Chicago Cubs are traveling by train from Chicago to Boston during the 1918 World Series. The train breaks down in Ohio. Ruth happens upon a pick-up game among some African-American players, one of whom happens to be Luther Laurence. Ruth admires his skills, then is joined by other of the Cubs and Red Sox players, who want to take on the African Americans. Ruth's team ends up cheating and although he knows it is wrong, he sides with his teammates. He is ashamed of his action and reflects on it at different points when he re-appears in the book.
Reception.
Critics were generally favorable, commenting that Lehane had written a big American novel. Janet Maslin wrote in the New York Times, "He has written a majestic, fiery epic that moves him far beyond the confines of the crime genre." She concludes by writing, ""The Given Day" is a huge, impassioned, intensively researched book that brings history alive by grounding the present in the lessons of the past. When Mr. Lehane writes of “a man who wore his power like a white suit on a coal black night,” he could be writing about a distant time — or writing about his own."
Colette Bancroft of the "St. Petersburg Times" wrote, "That time and place give Lehane scope to tell a uniquely American story, one grounded in our history yet ringing with issues that concern us still, almost a century later: race, immigration, terrorism, economic instability, political corruption and the corrosive gap between the haves and have-nots."

</doc>
<doc id="18650334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650334" title="John G. Wilson">
John G. Wilson

John Guy Wilson (1842–1892) was a Manchester, UK patent agent and the founder of Wilson Gunn, one of the oldest firms of Patent and Trade Mark Attorneys in the UK. John G. Wilson built up the business until his death in the 1890s. As a side line he acted as agent to the Alliance Insurance Company. There is no record that Mr. Wilson ever became a member of the Chartered Institute of Patent Agents.
An extract from a Manchester trade journal of the time is shown below:
Mr. John G. Wilson, Practical Mechanical Engineer, Draughtsman, and Patent Agent, 55 Market Street – To the inventor and man of genius labouring to bring out some important creation of his own ingenuity, there is no more important institution than the Patent Office and Registry of Designs, where he can protect and make secure the results of his labours. At the offices of Mr. John G. Wilson is established the British and Foreign Patent Office, Trade Marks and Designs Registry. Mr. Wilson, having had twenty-five years' experience in this business, is able to decide or advise upon the practical utility or otherwise of any invention, thus saving intending patentees an immense amount of time and money. As a practical mechanical engineer, Mr. John G. Wilson enjoys a high reputation in this city, and has a large practice. The business of his firm in connection with British and foreign patents extends to all parts of the world. He has had a long and honourable connection with this city, and possesses the esteem and confidence of a very extensive and valuable connection.
Office Locations in Manchester.
John Guy Wilson opened his first office in 1864 at No. 109 Market Street, Manchester, and after a few months moved to No. 24 Market Place, Manchester, where he practised as Patent Agent, Practical and Mechanical Engineer, and Draughtsman, under the title of John G. Wilson & Co..
After a brief sojourn in 1868 at No. I Imperial Chambers, Market Place, Wilson moved to Mitre Buildings, Church Gates, Cateaton Street, in 1869. This locality, which is now known as Cathedral Gates, is opposite the side entrance to Manchester Cathedral.
Mr. Wilson moved in 1871 to No. 7Ia Market Street where he remained until 1887, when he again removed, this time a little lower down Market Street to No. 55 at the corner of Back Cannon Street and Market Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18650338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650338" title="Radamés González">
Radamés González

Radamés González Tamayo (; born February 4, 1956) is a former Cuban marathon runner. He won the gold medal at the 1979 Pan American Games and competed for his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18650355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650355" title="Edward Adams">
Edward Adams

Edward Adams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18650363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650363" title="John Kay (English footballer)">
John Kay (English footballer)

John Kay (born 29 January 1964 at Great Lumley, England) is an English former footballer.
Kay started his career at Arsenal as an apprentice, joining in April 1980 and turning professional in July 1981. He made his League debut against West Bromwich Albion on 26 February 1983 and went on to make a further seven appearances that season. He played another seven league matches in 1983-84 but in the 1984 close season he was given a free transfer.
He moved to Wimbledon and spent three years there, including a brief loan period at Middlesbrough. In 1987 he joined Sunderland, and made over 200 appearances in eight years with the club (as well as a loan spell at Shrewsbury Town before finishing his career with Preston North End and Scarborough.
Kay is fondly remembered by Sunderland fans for his hard tackling and determination. After one particularly tough challenge on Peter Haddock, a Leeds United player on 23rd December 1990, the Leeds manager, Howard Wilkinson said that the player's leg "looks like it's been run over by a tractor". Kay earned the nickname "The Tractor" in reference to this comment. During his final game for Sunderland, against Birmingham City in 1993, Kay broke his leg and instead of writhing in pain, he sat up on the stretcher and pretended to row it off the pitch.

</doc>
<doc id="18650369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650369" title="Paul Lemon">
Paul Lemon

Paul Lemon (born 3 June 1966 in Middlesbrough, England) is a former English footballer who played for Sunderland as a midfielder.
Club career.
Lemon made his debut for Sunderland on 4 September 1984 against Tottenham Hotspur in a 1–0 win at Roker Park. Overall, during 1984 to 1989 he made 107 league appearances scoring 15 goals for the club. While at Sunderland, he had to short loan spells at Walsall, and Reading, where he made two appearances without scoring and three appearances without scoring respectively. He then joined Chesterfield in 1989 and scored nine goals in 85 league appearances, until he left for Telford United in 1993.
Joined Derry City F.C. in August 1993 and made his debut on the 5th of September. Made 5 league appearances in total.
In May 2012 he was announced as the new Head Coach of Holbrook Sports, who play their football in the East Midlands Counties League.

</doc>
<doc id="18650372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650372" title="Rob Hindmarch">
Rob Hindmarch

Robert Hindmarch (27 April 1961 – 5 November 2002) was an English footballer who played as a central defender.
Club career.
Hindmarch made his debut for Sunderland on 14 January 1978 against Leyton Orient in a 2–2 draw at Brisbane Road. In total, he made 115 league appearances – the vast majority in the First Division – scoring two goals for the club.
The defender signed for Derby County in July 1984 where he spent six seasons at the club, making 164 appearances, scoring nine goals, and helping them to two successive promotions to reach the top flight. He joined Second Division Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1990 for £350,000 and was appointed club captain, but spent just a single season at Molineux. His time with the club was perhaps most known for a last minute equaliser he scored in the Black Country derby at West Bromwich Albion.
He dropped into the non-league with Telford United in May 1993, having gone two years without first team action at Wolves, and had a spell as player/manager of Irish club Cork City in the 1995/96 season. He later continued his coaching career by moving to New Jersey in the United States to work at a coaching school.
He died on 6 November 2002 after a battle with Motor neurone disease. He had two sons, Carl and Lee.

</doc>
<doc id="18650375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650375" title="Mick Buckley">
Mick Buckley

Mick Buckley (4 November 1953 – 7 October 2013) was an English footballer who played for Everton, Sunderland, Hartlepool United, Carlisle United and Middlesbrough as a midfielder.
Club career.
Buckley was born in Manchester. He started his professional footballing career with Everton in 1971 and made 135 appearances for them, with ten goals. A youth team product, who had rejected advances from Manchester United and Manchester City as a schoolboy, he made his debut in March 1972, with manager Harry Catterick viewing him as a long-term replacement for Colin Harvey. However it would not be until the arrival of Billy Bingham that Buckley fully came to the fore, and was a regular first-teamer during three of Bingham's seasons in charge. He suffered a series of injuries in 1977 and during his absence both Trevor Ross and Andy King forced their way into the first team picture, with Buckley sidelined when he returned to fitness. Unable to regain his first team spot, Buckley was sold to Sunderland in August 1978 for £80,000.
Buckley made his debut for Sunderland on 2 September 1978 against Preston North End in a 3–1 at Roker Park. He went on to make a total of 121 league appearances, scoring 7 goals for the club. He then moved to fellow North East team Hartlepool United in 1983 where he scored no goals in just six appearances, he spent one season at the club. Towards the end of his career, he spent seasons at Carlisle United and Middlesbrough.
Buckley died in October 2013 at the age of 59.

</doc>
<doc id="18650381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650381" title="German Book Prize">
German Book Prize

The German Book Prize ("Deutscher Buchpreis") is awarded annually in October by the Börsenverein des Deutschen Buchhandels, the German Publishers and Booksellers Association, to the best German language novel of the year. The books, published in Germany, Austria and Switzerland, are nominated by their publishers, who can propose up to two books from their current or planned publication list. The books should be in shops before the short-list is announced in September of the award year. The winner is awarded € 25,000, while the five shortlisted authors receive € 2,500 each. It is presented annually during the Frankfurt Book Fair.
The prize was created in 2005 to heighten awareness for authors writing in German. It is based on the same idea as literary prizes such as the Man Booker Prize or the Prix Goncourt.

</doc>
<doc id="18650382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650382" title="Bob Lee (footballer)">
Bob Lee (footballer)

Bob Lee (born 2 February 1953 at Melton Mowbray, England) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a forward.
Club career.
He began his career with Leicester City in 1971 and made 63 league appearances with 17 goals. While at Leicster he had a short loan spell with Doncaster Rovers from 1974 to 1975 making 14 appearances with four goals. Lee signed for Sunderland in 1976 and made his debut on 2 October 1976 against Everton in a 1–0 defeat at Roker Park. He made 109 league appearances in total, scoring 32 goals.
After playing for Sunderland he signed for Bristol Rovers in 1980 and went on to make 23 appearances, and scoring two goals. After that short stay, he left for Carlisle United, and had a slightly more successful stay, making 55 appearances, scoring 12 goals from 1981 to 1983. His final club was Darlington where he retired at in 1984, having made just five appearances without scoring.
He later went on to become a pub landlord in the 1990s in one of the villages close to his birth place, Melton Mowbray.

</doc>
<doc id="18650387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650387" title="Joe Bolton (footballer)">
Joe Bolton (footballer)

Joseph 'Joe' Bolton (born 2 February 1955) is an English former footballer who played primarily as a left back. Born in Birtley in Tyne and Wear he started his career at nearby Sunderland as a trainee and spent nine years at the club before moving to Middlesbrough and then Sheffield United, following which he was forced to retire through injury.
Playing career.
Sunderland.
Having joined the club as a trainee Bolton made his debut for Sunderland on 17 April 1972 against Watford in a 5–0 win at Roker Park. He soon established himself in the first team and remained a stalwart of the side for the next nine seasons. A cult hero with the fans at Roker Park he was a key member of the side that clinched the Division Two title in 1976. When he finally left Sunderland he had made 273 league appearances and scored 11 goals.
Middlesbrough.
In 1981 Bolton was signed by Sunderland's North East rivals Middlesbrough for £200,000. In two seasons he made 59 appearances, scoring a solitary goal.
Sheffield United.
Bolton signed for Sheffield United on a free transfer in August 1983, brought to the club by his former Sunderland team mate Ian Porterfield who was now manager at Bramall Lane. Viewed as a solid, no-nonsense defender during his time at the club, he helped United to promotion as they finished third in Division Three in his first season. After making 130 appearances for the club in three years injuries began to take their toll and he was released in May 1986.
Post professional career.
After an unsuccessful trial with Rotherham United Bolton dropped into non-league and spent a season and a half playing for Matlock Town before finally retiring and taking a job as a lorry driver.

</doc>
<doc id="18650392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650392" title="John Parke (footballer)">
John Parke (footballer)

John Parke (6 August 1937 – 27 August 2011) was a Northern Irish association football player who played for Linfield, Hibernian, Sunderland, KV Mechelen and the Northern Ireland national football team as a full back.
Club career.
He started his professional footballing career in his native Northern Ireland with Cliftonville before joining their rivals Linfield in 1954. Having been a key player in the club's 'Seven Trophy' season of 1961/62, he moved to Scotland with Hibernian in 1963 where he made 23 appearances, scoring no goals and moved to Sunderland in 1964. Parke made his debut for Sunderland on 21 November 1964 against Sheffield United in a 3–0 defeat at Bramall Lane. He went on to make 85 league appearances for the club. He joined Belgian club KV Mechelen before retiring in 1968.
International career.
He won his first cap for Northern Ireland on 12 November 1963 in a 2–1 win against Scotland. He went on to make a further 13 caps for his country, making it a total of 14 caps, with 0 goals.
Death.
Parke died of Alzheimer's disease in 2011, aged 74.

</doc>
<doc id="18650394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650394" title="Jimmy O'Neill (footballer born 1941)">
Jimmy O'Neill (footballer born 1941)

Jimmy O'Neill (born 24 November 1941 at Larne, Northern Ireland) was a Northern Irish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Northern Ireland national football team as a forward.
Club career.
O'Neill made his first appearance for Sunderland on 13 January 1962 against Bristol Rovers in a 6–1 win at Roker Park where he scored two goals. Overall, during 1961 to 1962 he made 7 league appearances, scoring 6 goals before moving to Walsall. He spent from 1962 to 1965 at Walsall, but only managed to make 38 appearances, scoring 13 goals. He then moved to Australia with Melbourne Hakoah before returning to England with Darlington. At his time with Darlington he made 23 appearances, and scored four goals. O'Neill returned to Northern Ireland with Coleraine before finishing his career back in Australia with Melbourne Hakoah.
International career.
He won his first cap for Northern Ireland on 11 April 1962 against Wales in a 4–0 defeat. This proved to be his first and only cap for his country.

</doc>
<doc id="18650398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650398" title="Nick Sharkey">
Nick Sharkey

Nick Sharkey (born 4 May 1943 at Helensburgh) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Sunderland as a forward.
Club career.
Sharkey began his career with Sunderland where he made his debut on 9 April 1960 against Scunthorpe United in a 1–0 win at Roker Park. In total, he made 99 league appearances, scoring 51 goals for the club from 1960 to 1966. He then joined Leicester City in 1966, but made just six appearances, scoring five goals. His next club was Mansfield Town where he signed for in 1968. He scored 17 goals in 69 games for the club. He finished up his footballing career with North East team Hartlepool United in 1970 where he made a total of 60 appearances with 12 goals to his name.

</doc>
<doc id="18650403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650403" title="Martin Harvey">
Martin Harvey

Martin Harvey (born 19 September 1941 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) was a Northern Irish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Northern Ireland national football team as a wing half.
Club career.
He played for local side Boyland F.C. and with a trial spell with Burnley before signing for Sunderland in 1959. His debut for the club came on 24 October 1959 against Plymouth Argyle in a 0–0 draw at Home Park. In total he made 314 league appearances, scoring five goals while at Sunderland.
In the late sixties, alongside Jimmy Montgomery, Cecil Irwin, Len Ashurst, Charlie Hurley and Jim McNab, Harvey formed one of the most notable and most settled back fives in Sunderland's history.
Harvey was capped twice for Northern Ireland 'B', and played three matches, all against Wales, for the Under 23 side in 1962, 1963 and 1964. By then, he was already a full international. His first cap was awarded when he was just nineteen years old, in April 1961. Over the next ten years, he was to collect a total of 34 caps, scoring three goals.
During the 1971-1972 season, Martin Harvey sustained serious back and other injuries which forced his premature retirement at the age of 30. He stayed on at Sunderland, joining the coaching staff, and appeared in his testimonial match against Newcastle United in April 1975. He then took a similar job at Carlisle United under manager Bobby Moncur. When Moncur left the club in February 1980, Harvey was appointed as caretaker manager, and despite it being widely known that the club's board wished to reappoint former manager Bob Stokoe, a strong run of form under Harvey saw the side climb from being just outside the relegation zone to a final finishing position of sixth place, earning him the manager's job on a permanent basis. However, Harvey was sacked just five games into the following season after a series of thumping defeats, and Stokoe appointed his successor within a matter of hours.
When Moncur was appointed manager of Plymouth Argyle in 1981, he brought Martin Harvey with him as assistant manager. The following year, Harvey was assistant to Northern Ireland manager Billy Bingham at the World Cup finals. Then, when Moncur left Argyle in September 1983, Harvey found himself temporarily in charge. He did well, guiding the team to a 1-1 home draw with Arsenal in the League Cup, and, although Argyle lost both their League fixtures under him, he was considered a strong candidate for the permanent position. However, the board decided not to take the risk, and went instead for the experienced Johnny Hore.
Harvey stayed on as assistant manager until, in October 1984, Hore was dismissed and he found himself in the driving seat again. This time, his stewardship was to last for some six weeks, during which Argyle won two and drew one of their six League fixtures, as well as winning their FA Cup first round tie against Barnet. At the beginning of December, Dave Smith was appointed Argyle manager.
In 1985-1986, Martin Harvey left Argyle briefly to work with Billy Bingham in Saudi Arabia and, for the second time, as assistant manager at the World Cup finals. He returned to Home Park, however, and continued to work for the club as a coach until 1990. Following a spell coaching for Millwall, he is thought to have settled in Devon.
International career.
Harvey won his first international cap for Northern Ireland on 25 April 1961 against Italy in a 3–2 defeat. His international career spanned from 1961 until 1971 where he made 34 caps, scoring 3 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18650411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650411" title="Ian Lawther">
Ian Lawther

Ian Lawther (20 October 1939 – 25 April 2010) was a Northern Irish footballer who played for Sunderland and five other clubs in the English Football League. He also played four internationals for Northern Ireland.
Club career.
Lawther started his footballing career in his native Northern Ireland with Crusaders before moving to England, with Sunderland in 1958. A fine header of the ball, with an excellent instinct for finding space, he made his debut for Sunderland on 31 August 1959 against Aston Villa in a 3–0 at Villa Park. Between 1959 and 1961, he scored 41 goals in only 75 league appearances for Sunderland, a remarkable rate which, given the overall calibre of the players around him, has gone largely unrecognised. The arrival of Brian Clough saw him squeezed out of contention, consequently a marvellous opportunity to combine his considerable abilities with Clough's was very unwisely overlooked. He then signed for Blackburn Rovers for £18,000 in 1961 making 59 appearances, and scoring 21 goals in his time there.
He then moved to Scunthorpe United in 1963 for £12,000 and scored 22 goals for the Lincolnshire based club in 60 league appearances. Following this, he joined Brentford for £15,000 in 1965, and went on to make 139 league appearances, scoring 43 goals for the club. Halifax Town was his next club as he signed for £3,000 in 1968, and he played for two seasons scoring 23 goals in 101 league appearances. The club he served longest was Stockport County, but he was far less productive at his time there than with other clubs, scoring 29 goals in 164 appearances. He finished up his playing career in Bangor City before retiring.
International career.
He won his first international cap for Northern Ireland on 6 April 1960 against Wales in a 3–2 defeat. He won three further caps for his country, making a total of four appearances without scoring a goal.

</doc>
<doc id="18650413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650413" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Cochin">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cochin

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cochin () is a diocese located in the city of Cochin in the Ecclesiastical province of Verapoly in India. The Diocese is exclusive for the Seven Hundred Community(Latin Syrian Community).Diocese of Cochin have personal jurisdiction over the so-called "Seven Hundred Community" in any Catholic Diocese of Kerala. Diocese of Alleppey have personal jurisdiction over the other Latin Catholics who reside within the territory of the Diocese of Cochin. 
The territory of the diocese of Cochin covers 235 square kilometers in the state of Kerala. It is situated between the Arabian Sea in the west, the Archdiocese of Verapoly in the north and in the east, and the Diocese of Alleppey in the south.
The Diocese's Cathedral church and thus, seat of its Bishop, is Santa Cruz Basilica, Fort Cochin. The current Bishop of Cochin is Bishop Joseph Kariyil, appointed by Pope Benedict XVI on May 8, 2009.
Historical summary.
The Diocese of Cochin, now diminutive in size due to successive bifurcations in the course of time, once used to be the Mother Diocese of many a bishopric in the Sub-continent. The erstwhile Mother Diocese extended in the west coast from Malabar, down south to Cape Comorin (the present Kanya Kumari and still further down, Ceylon ( now, Sri Lanka ) and stretched along the east coast all the way up, encompassing Nepal, Bangladesh and beyond Burma ( now, Myanmar ) and still further east to Hong Kong, Malacca and Macau.
Brief History.
History of the Diocese of Cochin begins with the arrival of the Portuguese Missionaries in India. These neo-apostles reached Kappad near Kozhikode on May 20, 1498, along with Vasco Da Gama.
A second expedition under Captain Alvarez Cabral, comprising 13 ships and 18 priests, anchored at Cochin on Nov. 26, 1500. Cabral soon won the goodwill of the Raja of Cochin. He allowed four priests to do apostolic work among the early Christian communities, St.Thomas Christians scattered in and around Cochin. Thus Portuguese missionaries established Portuguese Mission in 1500.
During the reign of Catholic emperor of Portugal John III, more Franciscan friars and priests reached Goa. Along with them a highly trained team of Jesuit missionaries led by Father Francis Xavier reached Cochin. Later, he requested the help of Jesuit General St. Ignatius and the emperor for more missionaries from Portugal. Francis Xavier visited Cochin several times and stayed more than 120 days. He used to offer mass at St. Antony's Church. This church is still at Cochin, known as Lenthapally (Dutch church). At present this church is under the department of the Archaeological Survey of India as an historical monument.
Jesuits, Dominicans, Augustinians and Carmelites followed them. At the arrival of the Portuguese, the St Thomas Christians in Cochin area joined the Roman Latin rite thus the Latin Syrian Community was formed.
A monastery of the Franciscans "Santo Antonino" was established in Cochin in 1518 and two others of the Jesuits in 1550 and 1561. In 1553 the Dominicans founded their college and monastery in Cochin.
The whole of the east was under the jurisdiction of the diocese of Lisbon. On June 12, 1514, Cochin and Goa became two prominent mission stations under the newly created Funchal diocese in Madeira. Pope Paul III by the Bull Quequem Reputamus raised Funchal as an archdiocese and Goa as its suffragon, deputing the whole of India under the diocese of Goa.
When the diocese of Goa was established in 1534, Cochin became part of the new diocese.
The diocese of Cochin was erected on Febr. 4, 1557 by Pope Paul IV in his Decree Pro Excellenti Praeeminentia. The Pope also declared the magnificent Portuguese Church of Santa Cruz as the Cathedral of the new diocese. At that time, Cochin was the second diocese in India and had the jurisdiction over the whole of South, East India, Burma and Ceylon.
The first bishop of Cochin was a Dominican priest Dom George Temudo (1557-1567).
In 1663 the Dutch conquered Cochin and destroyed all the catholic churches and institutions except the Cathedral and the church of St. Francis Assisi. During the British conquest of Cochin, the cathedral was destroyed.
The diocese of Cochin stood witness to many important historical events including the Synod of Diamper which was held on June 10 1599, conducted by the Archbishop, Alexis De Menezes of Goa.
Since 1646, the administration of the diocese was difficult. It was often affected by the conquests of Cochin by the Dutch. Bishops who were consecrated as the bishops of the diocese could not reach here. As a result fractions, rebellions and schisms erupted in the diocese. In order to bring the dissidents back to the mother church, Holy See sent Carmelite Missionaries. Thus was established the Vicariate of Malabar in 1657. In 1709 it was changed into the Vicariate of Verapoly. In 1838 the diocese of Cochin was annexed to the Vicariate of Verapoly. From 1838 and 1886, the diocese of Cochin was governed by the Vicar Apostolic of Verapoly.
On June 23, 1886, Pope Leo XIII promulgated the famous Concordat called Humane Salutis Auctor by which the Diocese of Cochin was restored to its original condition and placed again as a suffragan under the Diocese of Goa. Simultaneously, the Vicariate of Verapoly was raised to archdiocese and the Diocese of Quilon was erected as its suffragan.
After the reorganization in 1886, five Portuguese bishops ruled the diocese. In 1950 the diocese was handed over to the native clergy. Dr. Alexander Edezhath (1951-1975) was the first Indian bishop. He was succeeded by Bishop Joseph Kureethara (1975-1999). After his demise, in 2000 Bishop John Thattumkal was appointed as the bishop of the diocese and he was suspended from his responsibilities over a scandal. Bishop Joseph Kariyil was appointed as the new bishop of Cochin on May 8, 2009 and was installed as the bishop of Cochin on July 5, 2009
Churches.
Of the thirty onechurches, five district churches namely, Santa Cruz Basilica, St. Joseph's Kumbalam, St. Antony's Kannamaly, Santa Cruz Perumbadappu, St. Mary' Thankey serve as Forane Churches.

</doc>
<doc id="18650424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650424" title="Ernest L. Eliel">
Ernest L. Eliel

Ernest Ludwig Eliel (December 28, 1921 – September 18, 2008) was an organic chemist born in Cologne, Germany. Among his awards were the Priestley Medal in 1996 and the NAS Award for Chemistry in Service to Society in 1997.
When the Nazis came to power he left Germany and moved to Scotland, then Canada, then Cuba. He received his B.S. from the University of Havana in 1946. He moved to the USA in 1946 and taught at the University of Notre Dame from 1948. In 1972 he moved to be the W.R. Kenan, Jr. Professor of Chemistry at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Eliel was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1980. He served as president of the American Chemical Society in 1992. He died in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
His research focussed on the stereochemistry and conformational analysis of flexible organic molecules, including derivatives of cyclohexane and saturated heterocyclic rings, using nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy (NMR) extensively. His 1962 textbook "Stereochemistry of Carbon Compounds" influenced generations of organic chemists.

</doc>
<doc id="18650425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650425" title="Cecil Irwin (footballer)">
Cecil Irwin (footballer)

Cecil Irwin (born 8 April 1942 in Ellington, England) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland.
Club career.
Irwin made his debut for Sunderland on 20 September 1958 against Ipswich Town in a 2–0 defeat at Roker Park. He went on to make 313 league appearances, scoring just a single goal at his time with the club.
Player/Manager career.
After finishing his stint with Sunderland, he moved on to Yeovil Town as a player-manager, staying with them from 1972–75, when his contract was not renewed. He moved on to play for Ashington, also managing the Colliers for a year.
Managing career.
Cecil continued to manage after his playing days were done, managing Ashington, just outside his hometown of Ellington twice more, first in 1996–98, and again in 2000–02, the latter time managing his squad to promotion, but unable to stick in the new league and being let go after relegation the next year.

</doc>
<doc id="18650429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650429" title="Colin Nelson">
Colin Nelson

Colin Nelson (born 13 March 1938 in Boldon, County Durham, England) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a full back.
Club career.
He made his debut for Sunderland against Bristol City in a 4–1 on 25 October 1958 at Ashton Gate. In total he made 146 league appearances, scoring two goals at his time with the club from 1958 to 1964. He then moved to Mansfield Town, where he made 38 appearances without scoring from 1964 to 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="18650434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650434" title="Robert Burton-Chadwick">
Robert Burton-Chadwick

Sir Robert Burton-Chadwick, 1st Baronet (20 June 1869 – 21 May 1951) was a shipping magnate and an English Conservative politician.
Chadwick was born at Oxton, Cheshire, the son of Joseph Chadwick and Norah Irene Gibbs, being baptised with the name of Robert Chadwick. He was head of the shipping firm of Chadwick and Askew, of London and Liverpool and was eventually Director of Chadwick, Weir and Company, of London.
Chadwick served with the Duke of Lancaster's Own Yeomanry in the Second Boer War from 1900 to 1901. During World War I, he became an Honorary Captain in the Hospital service of Royal Naval Reserve. He was decorated with the Royal Humane Society certificate for saving life.
Chadwick was elected as M.P. for Barrow in Furness in 1918 and in 1922 took the seat of Wallasey which he held until 1931. He held membership of a number of political organisations associated with the right of the Conservative Party, notably the British Fascists and the Middle Class Union. He was Parliamentary Secretary to the Board of Trade between 1924 and 1928. In 1935, he was created a baronet, of Bidston, Cheshire. He changed his name by deed poll to Robert Burton-Chadwick in 1936.
From 1940 to 1947 he was Counsellor to the British Embassy at Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Chadwick married Catherine Barbara Williams, daughter of Thomas Williams, in 1903. Their eldest son Noel was killed in action serving with the Royal Air Force in 1941. His second son Robert became 2nd Baronet on the death of his father in Westminster registration district aged 81 in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="18650443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650443" title="Greater Oklahoma City Chamber">
Greater Oklahoma City Chamber

The Greater Oklahoma City Chamber is a not-for-profit business federation that advocates and provides services for 4,500 members in the Greater Oklahoma City region.
Leadership.
Roy H. Williams, President and CEO of the Greater Oklahoma City Chamber
J. Larry Nichols, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chairman and CEO of Devon Energy Corp.
David Thompson, Chair-Elect & Vice Chair of Economic Development and President OPUBCO Communications Group
Carl E. Edwards, Treasurer & Vice Chair, Bioscience and Managing Partner of Price Edwards & Company
Fred J. Hall, Immediate Past Chairman and President of The Fred Jones Companies, Inc.
Dean Schirf, Corporate Secretary
History.
The land run of 1889 settled the Oklahoma City area in a single day. Thousands of people staked claims in an area that a day earlier had only a railroad station and three buildings. 
It didn't take long for leaders to begin organizing the city. The Board of Trade, the forerunner of the Greater Oklahoma City Chamber of Commerce, was organized to promote the community.

</doc>
<doc id="18650446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650446" title="Peter Wakeham">
Peter Wakeham

Peter Francis Wakeham (born 14 March 1936 in Kingsbridge, England) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a goalkeeper.
Club career.
Wakeham joined Torquay United as a junior, turning professional in October 1953. With first choice Billy Hayes and his deputy George Webber in front him, he finally made his debut towards the end of the 1953-54 season, playing in the 3-2 win at home to Newport County on 19 April 1954. That was his only game that season as Webber returned for the final two games of the season. With the signing of Alf Jefferies in the 1954 close season, Wakeham again found himself third choice, behind Jefferies and Hayes, and made no first team appearances that season.
The 1955-56 season began with Jimmy Kirk as first choice, with Hayes and then Wakeham as understudies. Wakeham played the final three games of the season as Torquay won twice to finish in fifth place in Division Three (South). Wakeham began the following season as first choice, but lost his place to Mervyn Gill and played just fourteen times as Torquay finished second, missing out on promotion on goal average to Ipswich Town. He began the 1957-58 season as first choice, with Gill as his understudy, and played 36 times in the league as Torquay struggled, eventually finishing in 21st place and finding themselves in the new Fourth Division the following season.
He played four times the following season, leaving for Sunderland in September 1958. His debut for Sunderland came on 1 November 1958 against Grimsby Town in a 1–0 at Roker Park. In total he made 134 league appearances for the Wearside club. He then moved to Charlton Athletic in July 1962, and went on to make 55 league appearances for the club, until moving to Lincoln City in May 1965. For his next club he made 44 appearances during 1965 to 1966, he had also had a short spell with Poole Town.
He was a reserve for the England Under-23 team against Rumania at Wembley in October 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="18650452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650452" title="Joe McDonald (footballer)">
Joe McDonald (footballer)

Joe McDonald (10 February 1929 – 2003) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Scotland national football team. He was born in Blantyre, Scotland.
Club career.
He started his footballing career with Falkirk in 1951, and went on to make 79 appearances without scoring for the club before moving to Sunderland in 1954. McDonald made his debut for Sunderland on 16 April 1954 in a 2–2 draw against Sheffield United at Roker Park. While playing for Sunderland, he made 155 appearances, scoring one goal. He joined Nottingham Forest; and made 109 appearances for them from 1958 until 1961 without a goal, playing in the 1959 FA Cup Final and Charity Shield. Before retiring he played for non-league team Wisbech Town.
International career.
He won his first cap for Scotland against Northern Ireland on 8 October 1955 in a 2–1 defeat at Windsor Park. He went on to make one further cap for his country, in total making two, and scoring no goals. McDonald also played for a Great Britain side chosen to play Northern Ireland in 1955, to mark the 75th anniversary of the Irish Football Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18650458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650458" title="Trinidad and Tobago Newsday">
Trinidad and Tobago Newsday

Trinidad and Tobago Newsday is a daily newspaper in Trinidad and Tobago. "Newsday" is the newest of the three daily papers after the "Trinidad and Tobago Guardian" and the "Trinidad and Tobago Express" respectively. The newspaper was founded in 1993 by Therese Mills, former editor-in-chief of the "Guardian". "Newsday" bills itself as "The People's Newspaper".
In addition to its main offices at 23A Chacon Street, Port of Spain, the paper maintains satellite bureaux in Chaguanas and San Fernando, Trinidad, and Scarborough, Tobago.
In 2010, "Newsday" began printing copies of the "USA Today" International Edition on its presses. Mills compared her paper with its new American partner, calling them "both young newspapers. ... When "Newsday" started in 1993, we faced enormous challenges as we threw down the gauntlet to two well-established national dailies. In four years, however, "Newsday" had become the number one daily newspaper in readership in this country.”
Kris Rampersad, who like Mills is a former editor at the "Guardian", served as senior journalist and investigative reporter in politics and other social issues for "Newsday", winning several awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18650460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650460" title="Willie Fraser (footballer)">
Willie Fraser (footballer)

Willie Fraser (born 24 February 1929 in Australia) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Scotland national football team as a goalkeeper.
Club career.
Born in Australia, Fraser started his professional footballing career with Third Lanark in 1946 and he made 63 appearances for the club until his departure to Airdrieonians in 1950. He joined Airdrie in 1950 and played for them up to 1954 and made a total of 103 appearances at his time there. He joined his third club, Sunderland, in 1954 and made his debut for them on 20 March 1954 against Tottenham Hotspur in 3–0 win at White Hart Lane. Fraser played for Sunderland from 1954 up until 1959 in that time he had made 127 appearances for the North East club. He left Sunderland and came to Nottingham Forest for one season, but played a mere two games and left for North Shields in 1959 before retiring.
International career.
He won his first cap for Scotland on 16 October 1954 against Wales in a 1–0 victory at Ninian Park. He won one further cap for his country, making a total of two caps.

</doc>
<doc id="18650463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650463" title="Harry Kirtley">
Harry Kirtley

Harry Kirtley (23 May 1930 – 13 December 2007) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Sunderland, Cardiff City and Gateshead.
Club career.
Kirtley made his debut for Sunderland on April 16, 1949 in a 1–1 tie against Manchester City at Maine Road. In his career at Sunderland, he made 101 appearances and scored 18 goals during 1948 to 1955. From Sunderland he moved to Cardiff City where he scored 4 goals in 38 appearances in one season. He then returned to the North East with Gateshead, he played 96 times and scored 14 goals up to leaving in 1960. He had a short stint with Welsh side Rhyl before retiring, and settled in Rhyl afterwards.
Kirtley died in 2007 and current chairman of Sunderland, Niall Quinn, said "It's always very sad when we lose a member of our Sunderland family."

</doc>
<doc id="18650466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650466" title="Tommy Wright (footballer born 1928)">
Tommy Wright (footballer born 1928)

Tommy Wright (born 20 January 1928 in Clackmannan, Scotland died 5 May 2011 in Sunderland) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Scotland national football team as a midfielder.
Club career.
He started his professional footballing career with Partick Thistle, where he made 35 appearances scoring 20 goals ranging from 1946 until 1949. From Partick Thistle, he joined Sunderland in 1949, and made his debut on 12 March 1949 against Portsmouth in a 4–1 defeat at Roker Park. He was part of the Sunderland team that finished third in the 1949–50 season and played regularly. Overall, in his Sunderland career he scored 51 goals in 170 league appearances, before moving to East Fife in 1955, in a deal seeing Charlie Fleming going the other way. He made 36 appearances scoring 18 goals during 1955 to 1957 at his time at East Fife. He then moved to Oldham Athletic in 1957 where he made 7 appearances and scored 2 goals in a single season. He then moved on a short spell to North Shields before retiring in 1957.
International career.
Wright won his first international cap for Scotland against Wales in a 2–1 on 18 October 1952 at Ninian Park. He won two further caps for his country, making it three in total, without scoring a goal. A regular at the "Whitegates Comrie" until he was taken to a retirement home in Sunderland.

</doc>
<doc id="18650474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650474" title="Arthur Hudgell">
Arthur Hudgell

Arthur Hudgell (born 28 December 1920) is an English former footballer who played for Sunderland as a full back. Hudgell played for Non League side Eton Manor before signing for Crystal Palace in 1946. He made 25 league appearances for Crystal Palace scoring a single goal. Sunderland then brought Hudgell into the club in 1946, for £10,000, and he made his debut on 1 February 1947 against Blackburn Rovers in a 2–1 win at Ewood Park. He retired from football in 1957, after playing 260 league games for Sunderland, scoring no goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18650482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650482" title="Jack Stelling">
Jack Stelling

Jack Stelling (born 23 May 1924 in Washington, England) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a full back. He signed from Sunderland after being found playing for Non League side Usworth Colliery after the Second World War. Stelling made his first appearance for Sunderland on 5 January 1946 against Grimsby Town in a 3–1 win at Blundell Park. During his time at Sunderland spanning from 1946 until 1956 he had made 259 league appearances scoring 8 goals. Shortly after he retired from playing football in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="18650489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650489" title="Tommy Reynolds">
Tommy Reynolds

Tommy Reynolds (2 October 1922 in Felling, England - March 1998) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a winger. He died in 1998.
Club career.
He joined Sunderland from youth club Felling Juniors, and made his debut against Charlton Athletic on 11 September 1946 in a 5–0 defeat at The Valley. Raised in the North East, he raced his own greyhounds at the local dog track. He left Sunderland for King's Lynn, after spending from 1946 until 1953 at the club, scoring 18 goals with 167 league appearances.
He then made 43 appearances for Darlington.
He also managed a number of pubs, notably the North Moor in Sunderland, now demolished, and The Bush in the Hendon area of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18650492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650492" title="Adam Wawrosz">
Adam Wawrosz

Adam Wawrosz (24 December 1913 – 18 December 1971) was a Polish poet, writer, and activist from the Zaolzie region of Cieszyn Silesia. He is considered the most important writer of the folk literature of Cieszyn Silesia.
He was born in the village of Końska (now part of Třinec) to a tailor's family as the youngest of nine children. His father died in World War I and his mother was left with seven children. After the death of his father Wawrosz was raised in the village of Tyra, where he also attended local Polish elementary school. Wawrosz later graduated from a course for tailors in Sucha Górna, and from a course in puppetry in Stare Troki.
After the outbreak of World War II Wawrosz volunteered in the Polish Army and fought in the Independent Operational Group Polesie of general Franciszek Kleeberg in the battle of Kock in October 1939. He was later jailed by Nazis and subsequently incarcerated in Gross-Born, Sachsenhausen and Dachau concentration camps. After World War II he worked in Třinec Iron and Steel Works. Wawrosz was an active member of the Polish Cultural and Educational Union and in 1958–1962 was an artistic director of its Puppet Theatre "Bajka".
Wawrosz wrote in literary Polish and Cieszyn Silesian dialect. Texts written in dialect form a backbone of his works. The ones written in literary Polish are mostly documentary in character, as some of them were written in concentration camps. The ones written in dialect focus on the life of ordinary people of Cieszyn Silesia, their life, culture and traditions. Wawrosz wrote poetry, prose and also plays for amateur theatres.
Wawrosz's poetry from the concentration camps can be seen for example in the poem "Lato" (Summer) from "Niezapominajki" (Forget-me-nots) poetry collection.

</doc>
<doc id="18650497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650497" title="Fred Hall (footballer born 1917)">
Fred Hall (footballer born 1917)

Fred Hall (born 18 November 1917 in Chester-le-Street, England) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a defender.
Club career.
Hall arrived at Sunderland from Blackburn Rovers in 1946, and made his debut for the club on 31 August 1946 against Derby County in a 3–2 at Roker Park. Shortly after joining he was appointed as captain, as a central figure in the team. While playing for Sunderland during 1946 to 1954 he scored a single goal in 215 league appearances. After his Sunderland career, he joined Barrow in 1955 and went on to make 16 appearances with one goal in a single season, he then retired in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="18650499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650499" title="Murshidabad (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Murshidabad (Lok Sabha constituency)

Murshidabad (Lok Sabha constituency) is a parliamentary constituency in Murshidabad district, West Bengal, India. While six assembly segments of No. 11 Murshidabad (Lok Sabha constituency) are in Murshidabad district, one assembly segment is in Nadia district.
Assembly segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, parliamentary constituency no. 11 Murshidabad is composed of the following segments from 2009:
In 2004 Murshidabad Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following assembly segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18650507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650507" title="Dickie Davis">
Dickie Davis

Dickie Davis (22 January 1922 - August 1999) is a British former footballer, born in Birmingham, England, who played for Sunderland and Darlington as a striker.
Club career.
Davis made his debut for Sunderland on 7 December 1946 against Leeds United in a 1–1 draw at Elland Road. He finished as the Football League First Division's top scorer in the 1949–50 season with 25 goals. During his time at Roker Park spanning from 1946 to 1953, where he made 144 league appearances, scoring 73 goals. He then moved onto Darlington in 1954 and scored 32 goals in 93 league appearances in 4 seasons at Feethams. In 1957 he retired from football, aged 35.

</doc>
<doc id="18650512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650512" title="Jimmy Gorman">
Jimmy Gorman

Jimmy Gorman (3 March 1910 – 1 February 1991) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a full back. He was born in Liverpool, England.
Club career.
He made his debut for Sunderland against Brentford on 23 January 1937 in a 3–3 draw at Griffin Park. Gorman was part of the Sunderland team victorious in the 1937 FA Cup Final over Preston North End when they won 3–1 and also took part in the 1942 Football League War Cup Final which Sunderland lost 6–3 over a Two-legged match to Wolverhampton Wanderers. His stay at Sunderland lasted from 1937 to 1939 due to the outbreak of the Second World War, where he made 85 league appearances without scoring a goal.

</doc>
<doc id="18650516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650516" title="Len Duns">
Len Duns

Len Duns (26 September 1916 – 20 April 1989) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as outside right. He was born in Newcastle Upon Tyne, England.
Club career.
Duns made his debut for Sunderland on November 2, 1935 in a 2–2 tie against Portsmouth at Fratton Park. In the first five games in the 1937 Cup run, Duns scored at least once, and by the age of 21 he had won both the FA cup and the league championship. In his career at Sunderland, he made 248 appearances and scored 54 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18650520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650520" title="Eddie Burbanks">
Eddie Burbanks

Eddie Burbanks (1 April 1913 – 26 July 1983) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a left winger. He was born in Campsall, England.
Club career.
Burbanks made his debut for Sunderland on April 27, 1935 in a 4-1 win against Portsmouth at Roker Park, where he scored one goal. In Sunderland's first FA Cup win in 1937, Burbanks scored the third goal to wrap up the victory. In his 156 appearances for Sunderland, he scored 30 goals. He played also in Leeds United (1953–1954) when he became (until today) the oldest player to have ever played for the club when he captained the side against Hull on 24 April 1954. In 13 appearances with the Elland Road club he scored 1 goal.

</doc>
<doc id="18650522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650522" title="Edgewater Technology">
Edgewater Technology

Edgewater Technology is a technology management consulting firm headquartered in Wakefield, Massachusetts, United States. Edgewater, recognized by CNN/Money as the 28th fastest growing small business in 2008. and ranked among the Globe 100 best businesses in MA 2008, The company provides services (primarily in North America) both vertically by industry and horizontally by product and technology specialty.
History.
Edgewater Technology (Edgewater) was founded in 1992 by Shirley Singleton and David Clancey. Shirley Singleton served as the Company's President from 1992 through 2002. The company grew from a five person shop to a 150 person professional services organization before being acquired in 1999 by StaffMark, a publicly traded international billion dollar staffing organization. Edgewater was an operating subsidiary focusing on project-based IT consultancy business under the StaffMark organization. In January 2002, StaffMark changed its name to Edgewater Technology, Inc., as well as its Nasdaq ticker to EDGW, moved its public company structure from Fayetteville, AR to Wakefield, MA. Shirley Singleton was then named the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer.
Under Shirley Singleton’s direction, Edgewater has grown from a privately held, five-person shop into a publicly traded, technology management consulting firm with more than 320 consulting professionals nationally.
In December 2000, during an incident known as the Wakefield massacre, an Edgewater employee, Michael McDermott, shot and killed seven fellow employees, for which he was sentenced to life imprisonment.
In April 2004, Edgewater Technology, Inc. nominated Paul Guzzi, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, to serve on board of directors. 
In December 2005, Edgewater Technology, Inc. appointed Nancy Leaming, the President and Chief Executive Officer for Tufts Health Plan, to serve on board of directors.
Subsidiaries.
In October 2004, Edgewater acquired Ranzal and Associates, a provider of Enterprise Performance Management solutions with a concentration in Oracle / Hyperion's toolkit.
Acquisitions.
Edgewater has a two prong approach to growth - both organic and acquisitive. The Company has made a number of strategic acquisitions:

</doc>
<doc id="18650530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650530" title="Bert Davis">
Bert Davis

Bert Davis (11 August 1906 – 1981) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as an outside winger. He was born in Bradford, England.
Club career.
Davis began his professional career at Bradford {Park Avenue} where he helped them win the Third Division North title in his first season in 1928 and also scored the winner in a famous F A cup upset of Derby County in 1930. Davis left Bradford in 1932 and made his debut for Sunderland on August 27 in a 3-2 win against the Manchester City at Roker Park. He helped Sunderland become league champions in the 1935-1936 season, but was ousted his position by Len Duns, forcing him to miss out on Sunderland's 1937 FA Cup. In his career at Sunderland, Davis made 162 appearances and scored 40 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18650533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650533" title="Charlie M. Thomson">
Charlie M. Thomson

Charles Morgan Thomson (11 December 1910 – 8 May 1984) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Scotland national football team as a defender. He was born in Glasgow, Scotland.
Club career.
Thomson made his debut for Sunderland on October 3, 1931 in a 2-2 tie against the Blackburn Rovers at Roker Park. His achievements while at Sunderland include winning the English Football League Championship in the 1935–36 season and the 1937 FA Cup Final. He made 264 appearances and scored eight goals over his career at Sunderland.
International career.
He won his first and only international cap for Scotland against Czechoslovakia on 15 May 1937 in a 3–1 at Stadion Sparta-Letna. He wasn't capped again for his country, and retired in 1939 due to the outbreak of the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="18650536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650536" title="Bert Johnston (footballer)">
Bert Johnston (footballer)

Robert "Bert" Johnston (2 June 1909 – 27 September 1968) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Scotland national football team as a central defender. He was born in Falkirk, Scotland. He made his debut for Sunderland on 25 April 1931 against West Ham United in a 3–0 win at Upton Park. He joined Sunderland aged just 20 and found it hard to break into the team, though after others left, he played more regularly. Johnston played for Sunderland from 1929 until 1939 making 146 league appearances, without scoring a goal. Although his playing career was curtailed by the Second World War, he worked as a coach for Sunderland between 1951 and 1957.
Johnston represented Scotland once, in a 5–0 victory against Czechoslovakia in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="18650538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650538" title="Rcirc">
Rcirc

rcirc is an Internet Relay Chat (IRC) client written in Emacs Lisp. It is one of two IRC clients included in GNU Emacs since release 22.1, alongside ERC.
Rcirc is "compact, written in a single file of less than 2,500 lines of code". It allocates separate buffers for each server and channel, and includes tab completion and inbound message timestamps. It allows opening new buffers for composing messages, useful for multiline work. All IRC commands are bound to control-c command shortcuts. Sound alerts are available for private messages and for when a user's nick is mentioned in channel.

</doc>
<doc id="18650539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650539" title="Alexander Hastings">
Alexander Hastings

Alexander Hastings (17 March 1912 – 1988) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Scotland national football team primarily as a left half.
Club career.
Born in Falkirk, Scotland, Hastings made his debut for Sunderland in a 1-1 tie against Portsmouth at Fratton Park. He served as a captain throughout much of the 1930s, and led Sunderland to a 1936 League Championship. In his career for Sunderland, Hastings made 304 appearances and scored eight goals, becoming known as one of Sunderland's "great names."
International career.
He won his first international cap for Scotland on 13 November 1935 against Northern Ireland in a 2–1 at Tynecastle Stadium. He won one further cap, in total winning just two caps over 1935 to 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="18650543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650543" title="Ali Karimi (footballer born 1982)">
Ali Karimi (footballer born 1982)

Ali Karimi (; born August 30, 1982 in Tabriz, Iran) is an Iranian footballer.
Club career.
He played most of his career for his hometown teams Tractor and Shahrdari. 
Club Career Statistics.
Last Update 3 January 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="18650544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650544" title="Jimmy Connor (footballer born 1909)">
Jimmy Connor (footballer born 1909)

James "Jimmy" Connor (born 1 June 1909, date of death 1981) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Scotland national football team as an outside left. He was born in Renfrew, Scotland.
James "Jimmy" Connor was one of most popular players ever in red and white. He was an outside-left who loved to move inside the full-back and hit a shot with his fierce left foot. In 1936 when Sunderland won Division 1 (now the Premiership) Connor had his greatest moment for Sunderland when he scored the winner in a 5-4 win against Champions Arsenal at Roker. Bob Paisley, the famous Liverpool Manager voted Jimmy Connor, the best player he had ever seen as a child in his autobiography. 
Club career.
He made his debut for Sunderland against Manchester City on 30 August 1930 in a 3–3 draw at Roker Park. His Sunderland career lasted from 1930 to 1939, although the later years were halted due to a severe injury in 1937, and he never fully recovered. The injury also caused him to miss the 1937 FA Cup Final and he retired in 1939. In total, he had made 254 league appearances for Sunderland, scoring 49 goals. Jimmy Connor was one of the stars of our last title winning team in 1936.
International career.
Connor won his first cap for Scotland on 18 May 1930 in a 2–0 victory over France at Stade Olympique Yves-du-Manoir. He won 3 further caps for his country from 1930 to 1934, in total with four caps and no goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18650551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650551" title="Harry Shaw (footballer)">
Harry Shaw (footballer)

Harold Shaw (22 May 1905 – 14 June 1984) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a full back. He was born in Hednesford, Staffordshire, England.
Club career.
He made his debut for Sunderland against Newcastle United on 22 February 1930 in a 3–0 defeat at St. James' Park. He played for Sunderland from 1930 until 1935 making 195 league appearances with 4 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18650552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650552" title="Alex Hall (Scottish footballer)">
Alex Hall (Scottish footballer)

Alex Hall (6 November 1908 – 5 September 1991) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a defender. He was born in East Calder, Scotland.
Club career.
Sunderland acquired Hall from Dunfermline for £750 in 1929. He made his debut on 4 May 1929 in a 0–4 loss against Sheffield United at Bramall Lane, and was placed on the reserve list until the 1934–35 season. In his career at Sunderland, he made 238 appearances with only one goal, and led Sunderland to win the 1937 FA Cup Final. The Second World War effectively ended his career, but he made one appearance for Hibernian in the 1946–47 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18650553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650553" title="Danny Salomon">
Danny Salomon

Danny Salomon (born November 4, 1978) is an American actor. Salomon was born in Brooklyn, New York, and grew up in Ocean Township, Monmouth County, New Jersey.
Salomon appeared in "Pizza with Bullets", "The Ocean", and "The Rebound".
A longtime environmental activist, Salomon recently led a grassroots campaign to help preserve the California coastline from offshore drilling and continues to work with such organizations as Global Green, Under the Canopy, the Natural Resource Defense Council, and the Ocean Futures Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18650556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650556" title="Patrick Gallacher">
Patrick Gallacher

Patrick "Patsy" Gallacher (21 August 1909 – 4 January 1992) was a Scottish footballer who played for Stoke City, Sunderland and the Scotland national football team as a striker.
Club career.
Gallacher was born in Bridge of Weir and started his footballing career Linwood St Conval and Bridge of Weir before moving to Sunderland. He made his debut for Sunderland on 21 September 1929 against Arsenal in a 1–0 loss at Roker Park. He was part of the 1937 FA Cup Final winning side against Preston North End. In his career at Sunderland, Gallacher made 309 appearances and scored 108 goals in all competitions. He helped the "Black Cats" to win the First Division in 1935–36, scoring 20 goals in that title winning season. He then moved on to Stoke City in December 1938 just before the World War II. He only managed to four matches for Stoke due to injury and left at the end of the 1938–39. He then played in Ireland for Coleraine and Cork United before signing for Cheltenham Town in September 1948 playing 8 games before leaving.
International career.
Gallacher won his first cap for Scotland on 20 October 1934 against Northern Ireland in a 2–1 defeat at Windsor Park in which he scored Scotland's only goal. This turned out to be his only ever cap for his country.

</doc>
<doc id="18650557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650557" title="Gregory Millman">
Gregory Millman

Gregory J. Millman (born in St. Louis, Missouri) is a freelance journalist and author of books on financial markets and on homeschooling. 
Millman graduated in 1975 from the University of Missouri in St. Louis, with a B.A. degree in French. He worked as a factory laborer, then earned MBA and MA (Asian Studies) Degrees from Washington University in St. Louis and went to Taiwan where he continued studies in Chinese and began to work as a freelance writer for business publications. He returned to the United States in 1981, where he worked in banking, consulting, and project finance before returning to journalism in 1988.
Shortly after an article he wrote for the September 1991 issue of "Corporate Finance Magazine" cited non-public documents, agents from the U.S. Department of the Treasury showed up at the door of his home demanding that he reveal his source. When Millman refused, the Justice Department issued subpoenas for his telephone records and the records of people he had called.
The investigation extended to include the telephone records of the Alicia Patterson Foundation, which awarded Millman a fellowship for 1992. Foundation chairman Joseph Albright and director Margaret Engel recounted in the "Washington Post" how the IRS obtained a thirteen-month record of the Foundation’s telephone calls – even though neither Millman nor his sources had ever used that telephone. A subsequent conference on telephone privacy at the National Press Club addressed this and similar instances of surveillance of reporters.
In May 1993, Millman testified at Congressional hearings on a draft version of the Telephone Consumer Privacy Protection Act of 1993, sponsored by Representative Edward John "Ed" Markey. which included requirements for notification when telephone records were subpoenaed.
In 1995, The Free Press published Millman’s "The Vandal’s Crown: How Rebel Currency Traders Overthrew the World’s Central Banks", an investigation of the new financial markets and their power, and it was translated into ten languages. It was published in the United Kingdom under the title "Around the World on a Trillion Dollars a Day". In 1999, Times Books published his "The Day Traders: the Untold Story of the Extreme Investors and How They Changed Wall Street Forever".
In 2008, Tarcher-Penguin published "Homeschooling: A Family’s Journey", a journalistic memoir of homeschooling six children, co-authored by Gregory J. Millman and his wife, Martine Parmer Millman. The book recounts the experience of homeschooling children through elementary and high school, and also puts the experience in context with reporting on contemporary social, economic, and educational issues.

</doc>
<doc id="18650560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650560" title="Jock McDougall">
Jock McDougall

Jock McDougall (born 21 September 1901 in Port Glasgow, Scotland died 26 September 1973 in Port Glasgow) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Scotland national football team as a central defender.
Club career.
McDougall started his professional footballing career with Airdrieonians in 1921 until he was sold to Sunderland in 1929 for £4,500. He made his debut for Sunderland on 7 September 1929 against Manchester City in a 5–2 win at Roker Park. Overall, he made 167 league appearances scoring 4 goals from 1929 to 1934 whilst at Sunderland. He then moved to Leeds United and played 52 league appearances, and scored no goals. He then retired from playing in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="18650566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650566" title="William Clunas">
William Clunas

William "Billy" Clunas (29 April 1899 – 1967) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Scottish national team, primarily in the right half position. He was born in Johnstone, Scotland.
Club career.
Clunas made his debut for Sunderland on 1 December 1923 against Huddersfield Town in a 2–1 win at Roker Park. Former Sunderland captain Raich Carter hailed Clunas as the best penalty kick taker he had ever seen; Clunas only missed two in his whole career, scoring 26. Overall, during his time at Roker Park, he made 256 league appearances and scored 42 goals, and also played 16 times in the FA Cup, scoring twice.
International career.
He won his first cap for Scotland against England on 12 April 1924 in a 1–1 draw at The Wembley Stadium. In total Clunas won two caps for his country, scoring one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="18650570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650570" title="Arthur Andrews (footballer born 1903)">
Arthur Andrews (footballer born 1903)

Arthur Andrews (born 12 January 1903 in Sunderland, England, died 1971 in Sunderland) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a defender. 
Having started out at Durham City, he made his debut for Sunderland on 9 December 1922 against Everton in a 1–1 draw at Goodison Park. Andrews played for Sunderland from 1922 to 1931 and made a total of 227 league appearances scoring two goals.
He subsequently played for Blyth Spartans.

</doc>
<doc id="18650572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650572" title="Arthur Hawes">
Arthur Hawes

Arthur Robert Hawes (2 October 1895 – 1963) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as an inside forward. He made his debut for Sunderland on 24 December 1921 against West Bromwich Albion in a 5–0 at Roker Park where he also scored two goals. He played for Sunderland from 1921 to 1927 where he made 139 league appearances and scored 39 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18650575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650575" title="Charlie Parker (footballer)">
Charlie Parker (footballer)

Charles William Parker (1 September 1891 – 1969) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Carlisle United, Stoke and Sunderland.
Club career.
Parker was born in Seaham and played for local clubs Seaham Albion, Seaham Harbour and Hartlepool BD before joining Stoke in 1913. He soon became popular with the club's supporters and he helped Stoke re-gain their League status in 1914–15. He remained with Stoke through World War I and was a key member of the Stoke squad for their return to the Football League in 1919–20 as the played in 35 matches. However in October 1920 he was sold to First Division, Sunderland by manager Arthur Shallcross which prompted and angry reaction by the fans who believed that it was an unnecessary sale of a popular player.
He signed for Sunderland from Stoke City for £3,300 in 1920, and made his debut for Sunderland against Bradford City on 23 October 1920 in a 2–2 draw at Valley Parade. He was appointed as club captain in 1924 as Charlie Buchan left for Arsenal. In total, he made 245 league appearances and scored 12 goals in his time at Sunderland from 1920 to 1929, where he left for Carlisle United to become player-coach. One of his career highlights was to play for England against Wales, at the Victory International on 8 October 1919 at the Victoria Ground, Stoke (England 2–0 Wales).

</doc>
<doc id="18650576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650576" title="PlanMaker">
PlanMaker

PlanMaker is a spreadsheet program that is part of the SoftMaker Office office suite. Versions are available on Microsoft Windows, Windows Mobile, Windows CE and Linux.
PlanMaker is largely similar to Microsoft Excel in function and workflow. However, it includes a number of improvements, notably the styling and graphical effects in graphs and charts.

</doc>
<doc id="18650577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650577" title="Billy Ellis">
Billy Ellis

William Thomas "Billy" Ellis (5 November 1895 –18 November 1939) was an English footballer born in Wolverhampton who played in the Football League for Sunderland, Birmingham, Lincoln City and York City as a winger.
He made his debut for Sunderland against Middlesbrough on 6 March 1920 in a 2–0 win at Ayresome Park. Ellis specifically linked up well with Charlie Buchan who he created many goals for from the left wing. During his time at Sunderland from 1920 to 1927 making 192 league appearances and 32 goals on the way. He went on to play for Birmingham, Lincoln City and York City, and died in Sunderland in 1939 at the age of 44.

</doc>
<doc id="18650582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650582" title="Ernie England">
Ernie England

Ernie England (born 3 February 1901 in Shirebrook, Derbyshire, England, died 22 February 1982) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a full back. He made his debut for Sunderland on 27 December 1919 against Manchester City in a 1–0 defeat at Hyde Road. Overall, at his time at Sunderland he made 335 league appearance scoring no goals, though he scored 3 own goals, before joining West Ham United in 1931. He made his West Ham debut on 3 January 1931 in a 5-5 against Aston Villa. Making only five appearances for West Ham he left to join Mansfield Town, for whom he made over 150 appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="18650584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650584" title="John Poole (footballer)">
John Poole (footballer)

John 'Jack' Smith Poole (1892–1967) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland and Bradford City, who later became a trainer of the latter. He was born in Codnor. After retiring from playing he had a lengthy spell as manager of Mansfield Town.
Career.
John Poole was originally signed from Sutton United by Nottingham Forest but failed to break into the first team. With the outbreak of World War I he began appearing as a guest player for Sheffield United. After the war he signed for Sunderland where he made his Football League début before finishing his playing career at Bradford City.
Managerial career.
After retiring from playing he became coach at Bradford before becoming manager of Mansfield Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18650588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650588" title="Bert Hobson">
Bert Hobson

Bert Hobson (c. 1890 - 1963) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a defender. He made his debut for Sunderland on 24 March 1913 in a 3–1 win against Sheffield United at Bramall Lane. He stayed at Roker Park with Sunderland from 1913 to 1922 and made 160 league appearances, with a single goal, although his appearances were halted due to the First World War.

</doc>
<doc id="18650589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650589" title="Roman Ivanov">
Roman Ivanov

Roman Ivanov (; born March 19, 1984 in Tolyatti, Russia) is a Russian speedway rider who is a member of Russia national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18650592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650592" title="Peter Price (footballer born 1949)">
Peter Price (footballer born 1949)

Peter Price was a Welsh footballer (soccer player) who played professionally in England for a decade that spanned the 1960s and 1970s. He was one of that generation who bridged the gap between terminological eras, beginning his career as an inside forward and ending it as a striker despite playing a similar role throughout. After an apprenticeship and full time pro at Liverpool he joined Peterborough, during which time he played for the Welsh Under 23 side scoring the winning goad against Scotland at Swansea for whom he scored 62 goals in 119 appearances. In 1972 Price signed for Portsmouth. Price failed to make much of an impact due to a back problem which eventually ended his career early at Fratton Park and returned to his former club two years later. He ended his career at Barnsley, making his final appearance in the Spring of 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18650593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650593" title="Billy Troughear">
Billy Troughear

William B. "Billy" Troughear (1885–1955) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland and Leicester Fosse in the Football League. He played as a right back.
Life and career.
Troughear was born in Workington, Cumberland, in 1885. He played football for local clubs Workington Marsh Mission and Workington before signing for Sunderland in 1909. He made his debut in the Football League First Division on 6 November 1909 against Blackburn Rovers in a 0–0 draw at Ewood Park. Troughear made 100 league appearances for Sunderland without scoring, and moved on to Second Division club Leicester Fosse for the 1914–15 season. He later played for Flimby Rangers before returning to Workington. He died in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="18650595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650595" title="StarDraw">
StarDraw

Founded in 1993 by ex-Microsoft development manager David Snipp Stardraw is a company that makes audio/visual system integration and design software.
Software.
Stardraw has two different but related sets of software both for the Audio-visual (A/V) market
Computer aided design.
Stardraw's design software is for creating documentation of audio/visual systems. This includes A/V schematics (similar to a Computer network diagram), Rack Layouts, Presentation Drawings (Pictorial Schematics), Panel Layouts for custom metalwork, Plan View drawings, and associated reports such as Bills of Materials, Quotations and Cable Schedules.
The software includes preset equipment icons to make it quick to create a illustrations of a A/V system design.
Their software of this type includes
Control Software.
Stardraw control is their Integrated development environment for creating Touchscreen remote control of a wide variety of equipment.
Typical uses include room automation in boardrooms, auditoriums, museums or home theaters, where users use fixed and wireless touch-screens to control devices such as video projectors and displays, PCs, DVD and VCR players and recorders, cameras, teleconferencing systems, audio/video switchers and processing equipment, motorized projection screens, drapes, lighting, HVAC systems, and a wide variety of other types of equipment. Other common uses include entertainment systems, industrial command and control centers, security systems, hotels and restaurants.
What separates their software from rivals AMX and Crestron is that it does not require any special hardware instead it runs on any machine running Microsoft Windows, further more the drivers and scripts for it are written in the general programming language C# rather than a proprietary language and designed in a graphical environment similar to that used by Microsoft's programming languages.
The software also present a Web service interface which enables non-windows devices to control the software for example Tablet computers such as Apples iPad
References.
Sound & Communications Magazine - 20 Years with Stardraw.com

</doc>
<doc id="18650597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650597" title="Albert Milton">
Albert Milton

Albert Milton (born c. 1885) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a full back.
Club career.
After being sold by Barnsley to Sunderland in 1908, Milton made his debut on 9 September 1908 in a 3–0 win against Middlesbrough at Ayresome Park. Though Milton played for The Black Cats from 1908 to 1914, he never won a League Championship, as in the 1912–13 season he was injured and missed the majority of the title claim, as well as the 1913 FA Cup Final defeat to Aston Villa. Overall for Sunderland, he made 123 league appearances without a goal.

</doc>
<doc id="18650601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650601" title="Harry Low">
Harry Low

Harry Low (born c. 1882 in Aberdeen, Scotland died 19??) was a Scottish footballer who played for Aberdeen and Sunderland as a wing half. Low made his debut for Sunderland on 2 September 1907 against Manchester City in a 5–2 defeat at Roker Park. He was part of the 1913 FA Cup Final losing side against Aston Villa after pulling out of the Scotland squad to be part of the FA Cup semi final against Newcastle United. Overall, at his time at the club, he made 202 league appearances scoring 34 goals from 1907 to 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="18650605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650605" title="Fereidoun Biglari">
Fereidoun Biglari

Fereidoun Biglari () is an Iranian archaeologist and a museum curator.
Career.
Fereidoun Biglari is co-founder (with Saman Heydari and Korosh Roustaei) and head of the Paleolithic department in National Museum of Iran which established in 2001. His field of research covers Lower Paleolithic of Iran and western Asia and Middle Paleolithic of Iran in general and Zagros region (Iran and Iraq) in particular. His MA thesis presented a detailed analysis on an Acheulean assemblage discovered on a terrace site called Ganj Par in Sefidrud valley at Gilan in 2003. 
He is co-director of a joint archaeological project in collaboration with the laboratory “PACEA” Prehistory and Quaternary Geology Institute (CNRS-University of Bordeaux 1), Bordeaux, France in the Central Zagros and Isfahan regions. He was awarded a doctoral fellowship in 2007, and currently is a PhD candidate at University of Bordeaux 1. He established the Zagros Paleolithic Museum in Kermanshah in collaboration with Kermanshah provincial office of Iranian Cultural Heritage Organization in 2008. The Museum is the first established museum in Iran that devoted to Paleolithic period of Iran.
He has been continuously involved in the research, surveys and excavations of Paleolithic sites in Iran which resulted in many discoveries in both Zagros and the Iranian Central Plateau.
Publications.
He has published many papers in international journals such as Antiquity (England), Current anthropology (U.S.), Paleorient (France), Near Eastern Archaeology (U.S.), Archaeologische Mitteilungen aus Iran und Turan (Germany), Iranian Journal of Archaeology and History (Iran), Iran (England), Archaeological Reports (Iran), Anthropologie (Czech Republic), and also in some edited books which published in Germany, France, Japan, Mexico, and Iran.
Most recently, he co-edited Iran Palaeolithic / Le Paléolithique d’Iran, with Marcel Otte, and Jacques Jaubert, which published in BAR series (S1968) in 2009. Papers published in this volume are from the session Iran Palaeolithic presented at the XV UISPP World Congress, September 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18650609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650609" title="Argavand">
Argavand

Argavand may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18650611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650611" title="Gavin Jarvie">
Gavin Jarvie

Gavin Jarvie (1879–?) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a defender. 
Jarvie was born in Newton, Scotland. He made his debut for Sunderland on 2 September 1907 against Manchester City in a 5–2 defeat at Roker Park. He played for Sunderland from 1907 to 1911 making 95 league appearances while scoring two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18650616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650616" title="Henry Forster (footballer)">
Henry Forster (footballer)

Henry Forster (born c. 1883 in Annfield Plain, England died 19??) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a defender. He made his debut for Sunderland against Sheffield United on 9 February 1907 in a 3–2 defeat at Bramall Lane. In total, Forster made 103 appearances for Sunderland without scoring.

</doc>
<doc id="18650619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650619" title="Tommy Tait (footballer born 1879)">
Tommy Tait (footballer born 1879)

Tommy Tait (born 13 September 1879 in Carluke, Scotland died on 2 October 1942 in Cleland, Scotland) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Scotland national football team as a defender.
Club career.
Sunderland signed Tait from Bristol Rovers in 1906 and he made his debut for the club on 1 September 1906 against Newcastle United in a 4–2 at St. James' Park. Tait played for Sunderland from 1906 to 1912, though he didn't win a trophy. He made 181 league appearances and scored 3 goals while at Sunderland.
International career.
Tait made his one and only cap for Scotland against Wales in a 2–2 draw on 6 March 1911 at Ninian Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18650621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650621" title="English McConnell">
English McConnell

English McConnell (14 May 1883 – 13 June 1928) was an Irish footballer who played for Sunderland, Chelsea and Ireland as a wing half.
Club career.
McConnell started his footballing career with Irish side, Cliftonville in 1902 before signing for Glentoran where he won the Irish League Championship in the 1904–05 season; he made 26 appearances while with Glentoran, scoring a single goal. McConnell then signed for English team, Sunderland, in 1905 and made his debut on 28 October 1905 against Blackburn Rovers in a 3–0 win at Roker Park. He played for Sunderland from 1905 to 1908 and made 39 league appearances scoring no goals. He then signed for Sheffield Wednesday in 1908 making his debut against Leicester City on 1 September 1908 and went on to make 44 league appearances scoring no goals until being signed by Chelsea in 1910. 
He signed for Chelsea for £1,000 but only stayed at the club for two seasons before moving to South Shields after making just 21 appearances, with no goals for Chelsea. He stayed at South Shields from 1911 to 1912 before moving back to Ireland, with Linfield and won the Irish League Championship in the 1913–14 season, he played out the rest of his career with Linfield, till it was halted by the First World War. He died in 1928.
International career.
McConnell gained his first international cap for Ireland on 21 March 1904 against Wales, with Ireland winning the match 1–0. He made 11 further appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="18650625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650625" title="Robert McNeill (footballer)">
Robert McNeill (footballer)

Robert McNeill (born c. 1868 in Glasgow, Scotland died 19??) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a full back. He made his Sunderland debut against Burnley on 8 September 1894 in a 3–0 win at Newcastle Road. McNeill played for Sunderland during 1894-1901 and won an English Football League Championship medal in 1895. He also won the 1894/95 World Championship with Sunderland, scoring 2 goals at the final. He left Sunderland to sign for Greenock Morton in 1901, after making 141 league appearances with no goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18650629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650629" title="James Watson (footballer)">
James Watson (footballer)

James Watson (born c. 1883 in Inverness, Scotland died 19??) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and Middlesbrough. Watson made his Sunderland debut against Wolverhampton Wanderers on 24 October 1903 in a 2–1 defeat at The Molineux Stadium. He was at Sunderland during 1903 to 1904 and played in just five games, scoring no goals. He later played for Middlesbrough.

</doc>
<doc id="18650630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650630" title="William Lampman House">
William Lampman House

The William Lampman House is located at 147 Grandview Avenue, in Catskill, New York. The site is located on the west side of Catskill Creek, which bisects the town. Contactor, builder and lumberdealer William E. Lampman built the house around 1891. It is significant as an excellent example of the Second Empire style of architecture in Catskill. It is a three story, brick L-shaped house on a stone foundation. Its characteristic mansard roof is topped with slate shingles. The house was constructed with a traditional center hall plan. In the 1940s, it was converted to apartments, but still retains many characteristic architectural features in the interior. Also on the property is a contributing two story carriagehouse, which has fallen into disrepair.
The house was entered on the National Register of Historic Places on August 10, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18650634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650634" title="Dusty Rhodes (footballer)">
Dusty Rhodes (footballer)

Ephraim "Dusty" Rhodes (born 1882 in South Bank, England, died 30 September 1960) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a defender. Rhodes made his debut for Sunderland on 18 October 1902 against Bury in a 3–1 defeat at Gigg Lane. He played for Sunderland from 1902 until 1908 making 114 league appearances and scoring 5 goals.
In 1908 he moved to Brentford, eventually serving as manager from August 1912 to May 1915.
He married Daisy Caroline Shinner in 1904 and they had three children.

</doc>
<doc id="18650641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650641" title="Harry Buckle">
Harry Buckle

Harry Buckle (born 6 March 1882 in Belfast, Ireland, modern-day Northern Ireland died 19??) was an Irish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Ireland national football team.
Club career.
He made his debut for Sunderland, after joining from Irish side Cliftonville, against Stoke City on 8 November 1902 in a 1–1 draw. He went on to make 44 league appearances scoring 14 goals for Sunderland, before moving onto Portsmouth helping them to win a trophy. He had a short stay at the south coast side, and quickly moved onto Bristol Rovers and became the third player to receive international recognition for the club. Coventry City was his next club as he combined playing and managerial roles, to become Coventry's first ever manager. Buckle then moved around Irish clubs; Belfast Celtic, Glenavon, Belfast United and Fordsons before retiring from playing.
He scored in the final of the Gold Cup for Belfast Celtic against Glentoran in 1912.
International career.
Buckle gained his first international cap for Ireland while at Sunderland, against England on March 12 1904 in a 3–1 defeat. In all he made three international appearances, without scoring.

</doc>
<doc id="18650643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650643" title="Integrated pilot training">
Integrated pilot training

Integrated pilot training one of the two ways aviators may train to become qualified. Pilots will normally enter into an ab-initio scheme with a Flight Training Organisation (FTO) where they may have as little as zero hours flight experience, up to or above the minimum requirements of the law of that country or ICAO state.
History.
Integrated pilot training was first put to the United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority by Oxford Aviation Training in 1962. It thus became the world's first provider or ab-initio pilot training. Since then the idea has been adopted world-wide.

</doc>
<doc id="18650645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650645" title="Jimmy Gemmell">
Jimmy Gemmell

James "Jimmy" Gemmell (17 November 1880 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke, Sunderland and Leeds City as an Inside forward.
Club career.
Gemmell was born in Glasgow and played for Duntocher Hibernian and Clyde before joining Sunderland in 1900. He made his debut for Sunderland on 8 December 1900 against Sheffield Wednesday in a 1–0 win at Roker Park. He was at Sunderland in two different spells; in 1900–07 and 1910–12 respectively, separated by a stay at Leeds United. During his first stay at Sunderland, he won the 1902 English Football League Championship. Gemmell made 213 league appearances for Sunderland, scoring 46 goals.
In 1907 Gemmell signed for Second Division Stoke but after making 11 appearances scoring twice he was sold to Leeds City due to Stoke having serious financial difficulties.

</doc>
<doc id="18650648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650648" title="Gladys Noel Bates">
Gladys Noel Bates

Gladys Noel Bates (born March 26, 1920, McComb, Mississippi, died October 15, 2010, Denver, Colorado) was an African-American civil rights pioneer, and educator who filed a lawsuit, Gladys Noel Bates vs the State of Mississippi, in 1948 charging salary discrimination against black teachers and principals. Although her lawsuit was not successful, it brought enough attention to the issue of wage equality in education to begin to equalize salaries.
Lawsuit.
The “Gladys Noel Bates Teacher-Equalization Pay Suit” was the first civil rights suit filed in the history of the State of Mississippi. This landmark lawsuit was the forerunner for school desegregation cases of the 1950s.
Background.
In 1948, salaries for black teachers in Mississippi was on the bottom rung of the nation’s teacher pay scale. Black teachers were paid one-half the salary of white teachers. In some school districts, the ratio was even lower. The difference in pay was based solely on skin color, even when black and white teachers had equal education, experience and Teacher certification. The Black teachers’ organization in Jackson, Mississippi was the Mississippi Association of Teachers in Colored Schools (MATCS). It later became known as the Mississippi Teachers Association (MTA). MATCS talked quietly with the NAACP leaders about the possibility of filing a lawsuit for equal pay for Black teachers. After many secret discussions, it was decided that the logical choice for a plaintiff would be Gladys Noel Bates because she was both a teacher and an active officer of the Jackson NAACP.
Preparation.
During the long months of preparation for the lawsuit, all of the parties involved were pledged to absolute silence for they realized a slip of the tongue could result in Mrs. Bates being fired before the suit was filed.
The chief counsel for the NAACP at that time was a young attorney by the name of Thurgood Marshall. Attorney Marshall came and met with the small group of MATCS and NAACP representatives in Jackson. Attorney Marshall told the group, point blank, that until they secured $5,000, they were not in a position to seriously consider filing a lawsuit. This was quite a bit of money in the 1940s. It would be especially difficult for this group to raise that amount.
Fundraising.
In addition to the money needed to file, no public school employee wanted to have in his possession any incriminating evidence which linked him to the suit. Mrs. Bates was often cautioned to keep papers in a safe place so that names of school and association personnel would not be placed in jeopardy.
The teachers decided to raise money for the lawsuit by increasing their membership dues by one dollar. They called this new fund the welfare or benevolent fund. Teachers, when asked by their white superintendents why the increase in dues was necessary, gave the well rehearsed reply that this money was needed for flowers and memorials for illnesses and deaths of black teachers. This was yet another survival tactic used by the African-American teachers during those years.
The other problem that MATCS and the NAACP faced was how to bank these so-called “welfare” funds. This also had to be done in full secrecy. MATCS opened an account under an assumed name at the Tri-State Bank in Memphis, Tennessee. All litigation expenses connected with the lawsuit were paid from this account.
Additional monies were secured at MATCS meetings by passing a gunny sack around the room. All teachers at the meetings would put their clenched fists inside the sack whether they had money in their hands or not. This was to protect members in case a snitch was in their presence. The snitch would not be able to disclose who had or had not contributed money to the case.
Final preparations.
The next effort was to secure a local attorney to fight the case. For a time this seemed a serious roadblock. The only hope was an elderly man in Meridian, Mississippi, Attorney James A. Burns. He was very frail and it was seriously doubted that his health would permit his undertaking this strenuous physical and emotional case. To Mrs. Bates’ great relief, he replied that he felt taking on this case was the right thing for him to do. He agreed to become the attorney for the Bates’ lawsuit.
Attorney Burns climbed a bus every week to come to Jackson, Mississippi to file papers and research State and municipal records for little more than bus fare and meals. He was paid $1500 for four years of yeoman service to the cause of civil rights.
Filing and consequences.
The lawsuit was filed on March 4, 1948. Mrs. Bates and her husband were fired from their teaching positions by the end of the 1948 school year. The Bates’ along with her parents and a few teachers who had expressed favorable opinions about the suit, were ostracized from society and fired from their teaching positions as well.
Mr. and Mrs. Bates were not only fired but Blacklisted from all public school teaching positions in the state of Mississippi. Gunshots were fired through the windows of the Bates’ home and it was ultimately burned to the ground in 1949.
Results.
Legal results.
This lawsuit was in litigation for four years (1948–1951) and, finally, the United States Supreme Court refused to hear the case, not because it was unmerited, but, relying on the precedent set by the Cook vs Davis Supreme Court case, it had ruled that all administrative remedies had to be exhausted before the case could be heard by the Court. The plaintiff must first seek relief from the local school board; if not given, then relief should be sought from the county board of education. If no relief is given there, then redress should be sought from the State. The obvious flaw and futility of this gesture is that a plaintiff would never survive the first step before employment would be terminated, as was the case with Mrs. Bates and her husband.
Long-term results.
Black teachers did win a moral victory, and, in reality, equalization of their salaries. After litigation was begun, month by month and year by year as the lawsuit was winding its way through the District and Appeals courts, Black teachers’ salaries were brought to parity with those of white teachers in the State of Mississippi. So, by 1951, equal salaries were a reality and the lawsuit became moot.
Personal life.
Mrs. Bates was born to Andrew J. Noel, Sr. (1883–1960) and Hallie Sue Davis Noel (1893–1985). Both parents instilled the importance of duty to God, family and community in their five children. In addition, they emphasized the importance of higher education. Her father obtained his college education by selling his inheritance (land) and putting himself through college. Her mother was a graduate of the University of Chicago.
Mrs. Bates was reared and educated in Jackson, Mississippi. Mrs. Bates attended Alcorn A&M College in 1937-39. She received her B.A. from Tougaloo College (1939–1942) and a Masters degree from West Virginia State University (1952). She further studied at the University of Colorado, Denver.
In 1938, John M. Bates (1913–1995) and Gladys Winnie Noel were married. From this union two children were born, Kathryn Sue Bates (1939) and John Milton (“Bunky”) Bates, Jr. (1945–2005).
Prior to their marriage, John Bates, Sr. attended schools in Fairmont, West Virginia and was graduated from West Virginia State College. He joined the coaching staff of Alcorn A&M in Alcorn, Mississippi in 1937. In 1979, John earned his doctorate in education from the University of Colorado.
While visiting relatives in Denver in 1960, John and Gladys applied to the Denver Public Schools for teaching positions and were hired.
The Bates’ have received community recognition in the form of some of the most prestigious awards presented for community service. Dr. Bates was the only person to head both the North East Park Hill Civic Association and its successor organization, The Greater Park Hill Community, Inc. organization.;
The John M. and Gladys N. Bates Award recognizes an individual contributions in the areas of human relations, multiculturalism and the field of education.
Dr. and Mrs. Bates have become nationally recognized and valued participants in community activities to enhance: educational opportunities, graffiti removal, gang interdiction, confronting drug abuse, encouraging strong interracial community relationships, creating jobs and economic opportunity, and mentoring emerging leaders of the community, they advocated using all of the community tools available.
Bates died October 15, 2010.
Community involvement.
Mrs. Bates and her husband were members of organizations committed to the betterment of the community. Organizations that have benefited from their leadership, dedication, and active participation include: Northeast Park Hill Civic Association, East Denver Optimists, Denver Area Council Boy Scouts, East Denver YMCA, NAACP, Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Shorter Community AME Church, CORE, Urban League, Denver Class Room Teachers Association, Colorado Education Association, Park Hill Action Committee, and Greater park Hill Community, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18650649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650649" title="James Farquhar">
James Farquhar

James Farquhar (born c. 1879 in Elgin, Scotland died 19??) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a Midfielder.
Club career.
He made his Sunderland debut on 18 February 1899 against Sheffield Wednesday in a 1–0 win at Olive Grove. He was a part of the Sunderland team that won the 1902 English Football League Championship. Overall, at his time at the club, he made 188 league appearances scoring 18 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18650657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650657" title="Colin McLatchie">
Colin McLatchie

Colin Campbell McLatchie (born c. 1878 in New Cumnock, Ayrshire, Scotland died 7 January 1952) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a winger. He made his Sunderland debut on 5 November 1898 against Wolverhampton Wanderers in a 2–0 defeat at the Molineux Stadium. He won the 1902 English Football League Championship while with Sunderland. In total, he made 121 league appearances and scored 31 goals. McLatchie later played with Grimsby Town and Preston North End.

</doc>
<doc id="18650661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650661" title="Sandy McAllister">
Sandy McAllister

Sandy McAllister (born c. 1878 in Kilmarnock, Scotland died 1914) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a Central defender. Before playing football, McAllister was a coal miner in Scotland.
Club career.
He made his debut for Sunderland against Stoke City on 20 February 1897 in a 4–1 win. at Newcastle Road. He won the English Football League Championship with Sunderland in 1902. He died shortly after, while at war in France with the Northumberland Fusiliers after catching Food Poisoning. He had made 211 appaearances and scored 5 goals in his Sunderland career.

</doc>
<doc id="18650668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650668" title="Bayesian additive regression kernels">
Bayesian additive regression kernels

Bayesian additive regression kernels (BARK) is a non-parametric statistical model for regression and statistical classification.
The unknown mean function is represented as a weighted sum of kernel functions, which is constructed by a prior using
alpha-stable Lévy random fields. This leads to a specification of a joint prior distribution for the number of kernels, kernel regression coefficients and kernel location parameters. It can be shown that the alpha-stable prior on the kernel regression coefficients may be approximated by t distributions. With a heavy tail prior distribution on the kernel regression coefficients and a finite support on the kernel location parameter, BARK achieves sparse representations. The shape parameters in the kernel functions capture the non-linear interactions of the variables, which can be used for feature selection. A reversible-jump Markov chain Monte Carlo algorithm is developed to make posterior inference on the unknown mean function, and the R package is available on CRAN. For binary classification using a probit link, the model can be augmented with latent normal variables and hence the same method for Gaussian noise applies in the classification problem.

</doc>
<doc id="18650669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650669" title="Matthew Ferguson (footballer)">
Matthew Ferguson (footballer)

Matthew Ferguson (born c. 1873 in Bellshill, Scotland died 1902) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a central defender. He made his debut for Sunderland against Bury on 1 September 1896 in a 1–0 defeat at Newcastle Road. In 1902, Ferguson won an English Football League Championship with Sunderland though, the same year, he died and ultimately missed out on international caps for his country, Scotland. Through his time at Sunderland, spanning from 1896 to 1902 he made 167 league appearances, scoring 5 goals. Ferguson died in the close season of 1902, aged 26, just weeks after Sunderland clinched the 1901-02 League championship. His career highpoint was the league title win, but he was perhaps best remembered for keeping goal in a friendly against Tottenham on January 2, 1900 - after Sunderland goalkeeper Ted Doig injured his wrist the day before. A large attendance at his funeral proved his popularity.

</doc>
<doc id="18650675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650675" title="Samuel P. Ely (shipwreck)">
Samuel P. Ely (shipwreck)

Samuel P. Ely is a shipwreck in Two Harbors, Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. She was a schooner that sailed the Great Lakes carrying iron ore, coal, and other bulk freight. She was built in 1869 and was a fairly typical example of the 200-foot schooner built in the 1870s, though she was reinforced for the demands of carrying iron ore.
Career.
"Samuel P. Ely" first served in the Winslow fleet, often traveling from Escanaba, Michigan, to Cleveland, Ohio, and occasionally to Marquette, Michigan. In 1881, it was purchased by the Bradley Transportation Company of Cleveland. As part of the Bradley fleet, it often served the ore docks at Duluth, Minnesota, Ashland, Wisconsin, and Two Harbors, Minnesota. Later in her career, she was often towed as a barge behind a steamboat, "Sarah E. Sheldon" or other Bradley steamers.
"Samuel P. Ely" visited Two Harbors approximately 150 times between 1884 and 1896.
The wreck.
In October 1896, "Samuel P. Ely" traveled from Kelley's Island, Ohio to Duluth, Minnesota, in tow of "Hesper" and carrying a load of limestone. "Hesper" was also towing "Negaunee", a similar barge. "Hesper", along with "Samuel P. Ely" and "Negaunee", reached Duluth on 27 October 1896. The two barges unloaded their limestone while "Hesper" unloaded her cargo of coal. On 29 October 1896, "Hesper" steamed up to Two Harbors with "Negaunee" and "Samuel P. Ely" in tow. A storm had impeded their progress to Two Harbors, with heavy headwinds and high seas, and "Hesper" was barely able to make it into port while towing "Samuel P. Ely". Around 8:00 in the evening, "Hesper" had to cast off the towline, and although the crew of "Samuel P. Ely" dropped the anchors, they were unable to hold the ship, and she drifted toward the breakwater. Around midnight, she was wedged against the rocks of the breakwater and could not be moved. Finally, around 3:00 in the morning, "Samuel P. Ely" sank, although the crew was able to escape drowning by clinging to the rigging of the masts.
The next morning, many residents of Two Harbors were watching the scene from the shore, but any plan to rescue the crew was complicated by the possibility of the tugboat becoming entangled on the breakwater as well. Finally, someone devised a plan whereby the tugboat "Ella G. Stone" would travel close to the wreck and float a small sailboat out to the wreck while tethered on about of line. This plan was successful, although it took three trips to retrieve all ten men of the crew.
Deterioration and preservation.
"Samuel P. Ely" suffered further damage after she sank. The ship's location became known to recreational scuba divers in the mid to late 1950s, and local historians and divers noted that several items were removed from the wreck between 1958 and 1961. Several small pieces of equipment were removed at first. In 1961, a large wooden anchor was removed and put on display in someone's lawn in Superior, Wisconsin. The deck capstan was removed in 1974 and brought to Lake Superior Maritime Collections in Duluth. One of the deck winches was removed in 1978 and brought to the SS Meteor Marine Museum in Superior, while another winch was removed to an unknown location. There were also reports that divers had removed parts of the red oak deck planking to make furniture and picture frames. After the wreck was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992, it became illegal to remove artifacts from the wreck.
High seas, repair work to the breakwater structure, and other forces have caused deterioration of the wreck. In 1994, a group of concerned divers began a project to preserve "Samuel P. Ely", since the deck was starting to collapse into the hull. They performed a series of dives under the ice in March 1994 and lifted the deck through holes in the ice, then installed 3/4 inch steel tie rods to hold the sides of the hull together. After the sides of the hull were fastened into place, the deck was lowered back onto place onto the original ledges that supported it. The group also installed simple measuring devices to monitor the movement of the hull over time. This group later evolved into the Great Lakes Shipwreck Preservation Society. In 2001, members of the group returned to do some more strengthening work, including installing thicker steel rods with turnbuckles.

</doc>
<doc id="18650678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650678" title="Luc Devroye">
Luc Devroye

Luc P. Devroye is a Belgian computer scientist/mathematician and a James McGill Professor in the School of Computer Science of McGill University in Montreal, Canada. He studied at Katholieke Universiteit Leuven and subsequently at Osaka University and in 1976 received his PhD from University of Texas at Austin under the supervision of Terry Wagner. Devroye specializes in the probabilistic analysis of algorithms, random number generation and enjoys typography. Since joining the McGill faculty in 1977 he has won numerous awards, including an E.W.R. Steacie Memorial Fellowship (1987), a Humboldt Research Award (2004), the Killam Prize (2005) and the Statistical Society of Canada gold medal (2008). He received an honorary doctorate from the Université catholique de Louvain in 2002, and he received an honorary doctorate from Universiteit Antwerpen on March 29, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18650725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650725" title="Initiative (chess)">
Initiative (chess)

Initiative in a chess position belongs to the player who can make threats that cannot be ignored. He thus puts his opponent in the position of having to use his turns responding to threats rather than making his own. A player with the initiative will often seek to maneuver his pieces into more and more advantageous position as he launches successive attacks. The player who lacks the initiative may seek to regain it through counterattack.
Discussion.
Due to moving first, White starts the game with the initiative, but it can be lost in the opening by accepting a gambit. Players can also lose initiative by making unnecessary moves that allow the opponent to gain tempo, such as superfluous "preventive" moves intended to guard against certain actions by the opponent, that nonetheless require no specific response by them. The concept of tempo is closely tied to initiative, as players can acquire the initiative or buttress it by gaining a tempo.
The initiative is important in all phases of the game, but more important in the endgame than in the middlegame and more important in the middlegame than in the opening . Having the initiative puts the opponent on the defensive.
Grandmaster Larry Evans considers four elements of chess: "pawn structure", "force" (material), "space" (controlling the center and piece mobility), and "time". Time is measured in tempi. Having a time advantage is having the initiative . The initiative should be kept as long as possible and only given up for another advantage .

</doc>
<doc id="18650739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650739" title="29th Street (film)">
29th Street (film)

29th Street is a 1991 American comedy-drama film. It was written and directed by George Gallo and was adapted from the story by Frank Pesce and James Franciscus.
Plot.
In 1976, Frank Pesce Jr. (Lapaglia) is a lucky man. His father, Frank Sr. (Aiello), is, however, very unlucky. One day, Frank Jr. buys a lottery ticket and finds that he has a good chance of winning. But Frank Sr. has some gambling debts to the mob and they are willing to take Frank Jr.'s ticket. Frank must decide what to do with the ticket. The plot is based on the true story of the first person to win the New York Lottery.
Reception.
"29th Street" got 75% good reviews based on 8 reviews, considered "Fresh", on Rotten Tomatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="18650792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650792" title="Tressa Thompson">
Tressa Thompson

Tressa Thompson (born May 6, 1975, in Creighton, Nebraska) is an American shot putter.
She is a three-time NCAA shot put champion from the University of Nebraska in the late 1990s. In the early 1990s, Thompson won several high school shot put state titles. In 2000, she placed second at the USA Indoor shot put competition.
Just before she was due to go to the 2000 USA Olympics Trials (not the Olympics), Tressa tested positive for cocaine and methamphetamine.
Her addictions became the focus of an episode of the A&E television series "Intervention". Following the show Tressa was sent to a 90-day intensive in-patient therapy known as "Hope By The Sea." She also reportedly went from the treatment facility to a sober living facility to continue her sobriety. According to the show, Tressa has been sober since March 2010, having had several relapses since the initial show about her addiction was filmed in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18650805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650805" title="Soul Singing">
Soul Singing

"Soul Singing" is a song by the American rock band The Black Crowes, released on July 23, 2001, as the second single from the group's sixth studio album "Lions".
Writing and production.
"Soul Singing" was co-written, like all original Black Crowes songs, by Chris and Rich Robinson. The song began with a riff that Rich had written a "long time" before the recording of "Lions". Chris then added the vocal melodies and corresponding lyrics, which pertained to his then-wife, Kate Hudson. While Chris believed this early form of "Soul Singing", with one instrumental section throughout, sufficed, Rich argued a second section was needed. "So we talked about that one for a while", recalled Rich, who ultimately won the argument.
Rich recorded his guitar part with a James Trussart metal-bodied electric, which offered a resonator-like tone. "I knew that guitar was the only one that could go from sounding acoustic in the verses to electric in the chorus in the way that I wanted", said Rich.
Track listing.
All songs written by Rich & Chris Robinson.

</doc>
<doc id="18650817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650817" title="Cyron Brown">
Cyron Brown

Cyron Brown (born June 28, 1975 in Chicago, Illinois) is a former American football defensive end. 
Brown played football and basketball at Albert G. Lane Tech High School in Chicago, Illinois, where he earned All-American honors in football and All-City honors in basketball. He played football at Illinois for three years until transferring to Western Illinois in 1997. Undrafted in 1998, Brown was a member of the Denver Broncos from 1998 to 2002, primarily as a member of the practice squad. Brown won a ring as a member of the Broncos Super Bowl XXXIII championship team in 1998. In 1999, Brown was suspended for four games for violating the league’s substance abuse policy. Brown was the first Bronco to violate the policy. Since 2003, Brown has played for five different the Arena Football League teams.

</doc>
<doc id="18650818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650818" title="USS Holly">
USS Holly

USS "Holly" is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="18650868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650868" title="Louis Miriani">
Louis Miriani

Louis C. Miriani (January 1, 1897 – October 18, 1987) was an American politician who served as mayor of Detroit, Michigan (1957–62). He was the last Republican mayor of Detroit.
Biography.
Miriani, graduated from the University of Detroit Law School. He was chief counsel and later director of the Detroit Legal Aid Bureau. He was elected to the Detroit City Council in 1947, and was council president from 1949–1957. He became Mayor in 1957 after the death of Albert Cobo, and was elected in his own right shortly afterward by a 6:1 margin over his opponent. He served until 1961, when he was defeated for reelection by Jerome Cavanagh in an upset fueled largely by African-American support for Cavanagh. Under his administration, Detroit's Cobo Hall and other parts of the Civic Center were completed, and the city's infrastructure was expanded. Miriani was again elected to the City Council in 1965.
In 1969, Miriani was convicted of federal tax evasion and served approximately 10 months in prison. He retired from politics after his conviction.
He died after a long illness on October 18, 1987 in Pontiac, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="18650871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650871" title="Timetrap">
Timetrap

Timetrap is a "" novel written by David Dvorkin.
Plot.
The USS "Enterprise" investigates the distress call of the Klingon ship 'The Mauler'. It is being assaulted by powerful energies. Despite their situation, the Klingon ship refuses all offers of help. However, Captain Kirk and two security officers beam aboard anyway. The Mauler is seemingly destroyed. 
Kirk, lacking his security team, finds himself seemingly one hundred years in the Klingon Empire's future.

</doc>
<doc id="18650873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650873" title="Netezza">
Netezza

Netezza (pronounced Ne-Tease-Ah) designs and markets high-performance data warehouse appliances and advanced analytics applications for uses including enterprise data warehousing, business intelligence, predictive analytics and business continuity planning.
Netezza is widely credited for either inventing or bringing renewed attention to the data warehouse appliance category, depending upon whether one regards long-time data warehouse technology vendor Teradata as having been in the data warehouse appliance category all along. 
Founded in 2000, the company is based in Marlborough, Massachusetts, with 19 offices in more than 12 countries, including the UK, Japan, China and Germany. As of August 2010, Netezza had a workforce of 469 employees. The company opened a new development lab in Cambridge, Massachusetts in August 2010. 
On September 20, 2010, IBM and Netezza announced a definitive agreement for IBM to acquire Netezza for $27 per share which valued Netezza at $1.7B.
Introduction.
Data warehouse appliances architecturally integrate database, server and storage components into a single unit. Netezza's appliances use a proprietary Asymmetric Massively Parallel Processing (AMPP) architecture that combines open, blade-based servers and disk storage with a proprietary data filtering process using field-programmable gate arrays (FPGAs).
FPGAs are increasingly used in conventional high performance computing applications where specific computational kernels are performed on the FPGA instead of a microprocessor. Netezza’s FPGA implementation performs complex data filtering so that only relevant portions of big data sets are passed along to the processor to run the SQL query. Additionally, spare FPGA resources are used to perform data compression and decompression, reducing the load on the processor. Because the FPGA handles the compression, and the data set is smaller, data throughput is significantly boosted. In-database processing reduces latency and accelerates data analysis by eliminating the need to move data out of, and results back into, the warehouse.
This has resulted in a resurgence of customer desire to migrate their bulk data processing back into the machine (e.g. Extract Transform Load), obviating the need for large-scale rollouts of companion ETL tool environments. This industry sentiment has taken the ETL tool vendors by surprise, as none of them are ready for the logistical scaling necessary to keep a Netezza machine burning at full capacity. ETL tools typically provide "a means" to push queries to the Netezza machine, but common in-the-box processing approaches regularly submit hundreds of queries, many of them asynchronously, in mere minutes to the Netezza machine. This closes off their processing windows in a fraction of the time of the ETL tools.
History.
Netezza was incorporated in Delaware on August 18, 2000 as Intelligent Data Engines, Inc. and changed its name to Netezza Corporation in November 2000. In July 2007, Netezza Corporation had its initial public offering under the ticker “NZ” on NYSE Arca.
Jim Baum was appointed CEO of Netezza in January, 2008 after founder Jit Saxena announced his retirement. Baum started at Netezza as COO in 2006. Prior to joining Netezza, Baum was president and CEO of Endeca in Boston for five years. 
IBM (NYSE: IBM) and Netezza Corporation (NYSE: NZ) on September 20, 2010 announced they have entered into a definitive agreement for IBM to acquire Netezza, a publicly held company based in Marlborough, Massachusetts, in a cash transaction at a price of $27 per share or at a net price of approximately $1.7 billion, after adjusting for cash. Netezza will expand IBM's business analytics initiatives to help clients gain faster insights into their business information.
Markets.
, the primary vertical markets into which Netezza sells are digital media, energy and utilities, retailing, telecommunications, financial services, health care, and government. Most of Netezza's business continues to be in the United States, and much of the rest in the United Kingdom, but the company makes sales in a growing number of additional countries: 75% of the company's product revenue was from U.S.-based customers, while 25% was from international customers for the three months ended July 31, 2010, as compared to 88% of its product revenue from customers in the United States and 12% from international customers for the three months ended July 31, 2009. Netezza is reported to have made recent inroads into Japan and Europe.
, the company reported 373 customers worldwide for its primary product, up from 191 in July 2008.
Products.
TwinFin, Netezza’s primary product, is designed for rapid analysis of data volumes scaling into petabytes. The company introduced the 4th generation of the TwinFin product in August 2009. Netezza introduced a scaled-down version of this appliance under the Skimmer brand in January 2010. 
In February 2010, Netezza announced that it had opened up its systems to support major programming models, including Hadoop, MapReduce, Java, C++, and Python models. Netezza's partners predicted to leverage this analytic application support are Tibco Spotfire, MicroStrategy, Pursway, DemandTec and QuantiSense.
The company also markets specialized appliances for retail, spatial, complex analytics and regulatory compliance needs. Netezza additionally sells software-based products for migrating from Oracle Exadata and for implementing data virtualization and federation (data abstraction) schemes.
The Netezza appliance also is the foundation of IBM DB2 Analytics Accelerator (IDAA).
Technology.
Netezza’s proprietary AMPP architecture is a two-tiered system designed to quickly handle very large queries from multiple users. 
The first tier is a high-performance Linux SMP host that compiles data query tasks received from business intelligence applications, and generates query execution plans. It then divides a query into a sequence of sub-tasks, or snippets that can be executed in parallel, and distributes the snippets to the second tier for execution. 
The second tier consists of one to hundreds of snippet processing blades, or S-Blades, where all the primary processing work of the appliance is executed. The S-Blades are intelligent processing nodes that make up the massively parallel processing (MPP) engine of the appliance. Each S-Blade is an independent server that contains multi-core Intel-based CPUs and Netezza’s proprietary multi-engine, high-throughput FPGAs. The S-Blade is composed of a standard blade-server combined with a special Netezza Database Accelerator card which snaps alongside the blade. Each S-Blade is, in turn, connected to multiple disk drives processing multiple data streams in parallel in TwinFin or Skimmer. 
AMPP employs industry-standard interfaces (SQL, ODBC, JDBC, OLE DB) and provides load times in excess of 2 TB/hour and backup/restore data rates of more than 4 TB/hour.
In 2009, the company transitioned from PowerPC processors to Intel CPUs. In August, 2009, with the introduction of the 4th generation TwinFin product, Netezza moved from proprietary blades to IBM blades.
Customers.
, the company's customer base includes Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, Capital Blue Cross of Harrisburg Pennsylvania, Con-way Freight, DataLogix, Dish Network,Epsilon, interCLICK, IntercontinentalExchange, Japan Medical Data Center, Kelley Blue Book, Marshﬁeld Clinic, MediaMath, MetroPCS, MicroAd, La Capitale Assurances Générale, MyLife.com, NYSE Euronext, Paciﬁc Northwest National Laboratory, Canadian Tire, Safeway and The Nielsen Company. 
In April 2010 the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) purchased a data warehouse and analytics appliance from Netezza as part of a $178m smart-grid project being funded by the US Department of Energy.
Netezza also holds an annual user conference called Enzee Universe which hosts technology tracks, case studies, trainings, and speakers such as Stephen L. Baker.
Competition.
Netezza’s main competitors include Oracle Exadata and Teradata, as well as Microsoft, Sybase IQ, Infobright's Infopliance, Vertica, Aster Data Systems and Greenplum.
Recognition & Criticism.
Netezza was added to Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for DBMS in January, 2009.
Netezza was mentioned in "The Spy Files", released by the controversial whistleblower organization WikiLeaks. The file claims Netezza bought a copy of The Geospatial Toolkit, a location-based analytic software from The Intelligent Integration Systems, Inc., "allegedly reverse engineered the code and sold a hacked version to the Central Intelligence Agency for use in remotely piloted drone aircraft". It goes on to state, "IISI, which says that the software could be wrong by a distance of up to 40 feet, sued Netezza to prevent the use of this software. Company founder Rich Zimmerman stated in court that his 'reaction was one of stun, amazement that they (CIA) want to kill people with my software that doesn’t work.'"

</doc>
<doc id="18650883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650883" title="Friday the 13th (disambiguation)">
Friday the 13th (disambiguation)

Friday the 13th is a date considered to be bad luck in western superstition.
Friday the 13th may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18650888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650888" title="Save Me (Royal Bliss song)">
Save Me (Royal Bliss song)

Life In-Between's first single, "Save Me", was released July 15, 2008. It is available for sale digitally at online retailers such as iTunes, Amazon, and Rhapsody. The song impacted radio one day earlier on the 14th with a total of 11 adds at radio and climbing to 25 within a few days. Merovingian Music "(abrv MRV)" has released two web sites to accompany and promote the new single "Save Me". The first is an interactive e-card which provides to anyone that may be unfamiliar, an introduction to the band. The second is a media packed web tools site for those who want to take action and promote.
In October 2008 the band's label released the first video single for the song, "Save Me". To coincide with the videos release, ThePuppetVideo.com was put in place to view the video and help raise awareness. The video features a protagonist puppet used to explore the band's tormented psyche and shows the devolution and decline of the human condition when all hope is lost. A masked man in stop-motion symbolizes the character in a state of emotional decay and turmoil as he morphs into an actual puppet who is void of feeling, emotion and life itself.

</doc>
<doc id="18650903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650903" title="Rufous-backed Thrush">
Rufous-backed Thrush

The Rufous-backed Thrush ("Turdus rufopalliatus") is a songbird of the thrush family. It is endemic to the Pacific slope of Mexico. It is also known as the Rufous-backed Robin.
Description.
This species resembles its widespread relative the American Robin in general appearance, but is a bit smaller at long, with an average wingspan of and weight of . It is named for the adult's rufous or olive-rufous upper back, which contrasts with the grayish head, nape, and rump. The chest and flanks are also rufous. The belly and undertail coverts are white; the throat is white with many black streaks. The bill and eye-ring are yellow. Females are typically somewhat duller-colored than males. Juveniles, like other juvenile "Turdus" thrushes, are spotted below; they are browner and have pale flecks above.
The subspecies of the Islas Tres Marías, also found around San Blas, Nayarit, is sometimes considered a separate species, Grayson's Robin or Grayson's Thrush, "Turdus graysoni" (Ridgway, 1882). It looks "washed out", with little rufous tinting.
The song is slow and warbling, with repetition of phrases. An example is ""weedele loo loo freerlii..."" The alarm call is a long, mellow, descending whistle, ""cheeoo" or "teeeuu"". Other calls resemble those of the American Robin; the flight call is thinner.
Range and habitat.
The Rufous-backed Robin inhabits dry deciduous forests, including the edges, and in human-planted habitats, at heights from the ground to high in trees. Its main range extends from southeastern Sonora to the southeastern corner of Oaxaca along the coast and in the Río Balsas drainage. The isolated populations in Mexico City and Oaxaca City are probably descended from escaped cage birds. A number of vagrants have reached the Mexican-border states of the United States, where they are often found in riparian woods.
Behavior.
This species is shyer than the American Robin. In winter it often forms flocks. The diet is typical of thrushes: fruit and invertebrates, especially insects. Reproduction resembles that of other "Turdus" species. The eggs are whitish with heavy red-brown markings.

</doc>
<doc id="18650907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650907" title="Irv Brown">
Irv Brown

Denver, Colorado native sports broadcaster Irv Brown has been called "Denver's go-to guy" for sports talk or sports action commentary.
Brown earned seven letters at North High School, where he starred in football, basketball and baseball. He played basketball and baseball at the University of Northern Colorado. After college, he coached football and baseball at Arvada High School, and he also coached baseball at the University of Colorado and Metro State College. From 1969 to 1977, Brown had a successful career as a basketball referee, officiating six Final Fours. Brown served as commissioner of the Colorado Athletic Conference in the early 1990s.
Brown began his broadcasting career in the late 1970s on KHOW radio. For the past 25 years he has been on the air with Joe Williams, currently hosting the show "The Fan". Brown and Williams later co-authored The Great Book of Denver Sports Lists.
Brown was inducted into the Colorado Sports Hall of Fame in 1997, and in 2007 he was named the new commissioner of the MCBL (Mountain Collegiate Baseball League).
Brown continues to host "The Irv and Joe Show" on Mile High Sports Radio AM 1510 and FM 93.7 with longtime partner Joe Williams. He was also an analyst for the NBA on ESPN during the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18650908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650908" title="Lubov">
Lubov

Lubov (real name unknown) is the pseudonym of a Russian-born painter (born in St. Petersburg) specializing in science fiction and fantasy art.
General information.
A Chesley Award nominee, Lubov's work has appeared internationally in numerous print publications and galleries, on multiple cards for the games and Galactic Empires, and on the covers of various books, comics, event programs, and magazines. She is also a regular guest artist and speaker at numerous science-fiction and fantasy conventions, worldwide.
Her "Dungeons & Dragons" work includes "On Hallowed Ground".
Education.
Lubov claims to have trained at the Saint Petersburg Academy of Arts in Russia, where her focus was on the classical application of oils. Seeking (she says) political and cultural freedom, she claims to have immigrated from Russia to the United States, where she says she studied at School of the Art Institute of Chicago on a four-year scholarship.
Science fiction & fantasy conventions.
From 1993 to the present, Lubov's focus on the worlds of science fiction and fantasy led her to become a regular seminar speaker and/or guest artist at numerous conventions, including Westercon, Xanadu, Loscon, Demicon, LoneStarCon 2, LepreCon, Balticon and others.
Awards.
Lubov's work has won numerous awards in the worlds of science-fiction and fantasy.

</doc>
<doc id="18650916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650916" title="Oak Street Cinema">
Oak Street Cinema

The Oak Street Cinema was a small, single-screen movie theater in the Stadium Village neighborhood of Minneapolis, MN near the University of Minnesota campus. The theater played both first-run independent films and repertory showings, including retrospectives of such filmmakers as Ingmar Bergman, Michelangelo Antonioni, Akira Kurosawa and others, as well as genre-based retrospectives. It had also been home to several local film festivals, including the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Film Festival. The theater has hosted visits from several well-known filmmakers and celebrities, such as Terry Gilliam, Michael Moore, Peter Fonda, Cyd Charisse, and many others.
The building was demolished in September 2011 after 95 years of existence.
History.
The theater, originally called the "Oak", was built in 1916, but was renamed the "Campus Theater" in 1935 and remodeled by design firm Liebenberg & Kaplan, who also designed several other area theaters, including the nearby Varsity Theater, located on the other side of campus in Dinkytown. It was designed in Art Deco style, and seated about 400 people, in addition to a meeting area in the basement for film students. The "Campus Theater" closed as a film theater in 1989 and was briefly used to perform stage shows before it re-opened for films in 1995 under the leadership of Bob Cowgill (now a professor at Augsburg College), Barry Hans and Randy Carpenter. It was then re-christened, this time to its final name the "Oak Street Cinema". The theater has been owned and operated by the Minnesota Film Arts since 2003, an organization created when the theater, under Cowgill's leadership, merged with the U Film Society.
Financial troubles and Closing.
When Bob Cowgill stepped down in 2004, the theater fell quickly into debt, in excess of $145,000 by the end of 2005. Cowgill's successor, Jamie Hook, was fired in September 2005 for mismanaging the budget and missing grant application deadlines. In the meantime, MFA board members Al Milgrom and Tim Grady personally loaned the organization over $75,000 to keep it afloat, guaranteed against the value of the property, which Grady estimated at approximately $600,000. By the beginning of 2006, the board of the Minnesota Film Arts publicly considered selling the theater, resulting in a protest by Cowgill and community members, under the auspices of the group "Save The Oak", which they created for that cause.
As of 2009, the theater was still struggling along amidst continuing financial troubles. Local papers reported that the theater was likely to be sold and demolished to make way for the Campus Crossroads development, however that project was delayed due to difficulty raising capital because of the global financial crisis. MFA leadership acknowledged that selling the theater was necessary, but sought to calm fears that the theater would be demolished at that time. The theater finally closed in 2011 to make way for a new retail and residential development, and has since been demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="18650919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650919" title="Kenny Simpkins">
Kenny Simpkins


</doc>
<doc id="18650947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650947" title="The Three-Minute Universe">
The Three-Minute Universe

The Three-Minute Universe is a "" novel written by Barbara Paul.
Plot.
The Sackers, a race of physically repellent beings, murder an entire race to steal a powerful device. This device rips a hole in the fabric of space, bringing in a brand-new universe that threatens the old one.

</doc>
<doc id="18650951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650951" title="Isabelle Autissier">
Isabelle Autissier

Isabelle Autissier (born 18 October 1956) is a French sailor, navigator, writer, and broadcaster. She is celebrated for being the first woman to have completed a solo world navigation in competition (BOC Challenge 1991).
While competing in the 1994-95 BOC Challenge Autissier's boat "Ecureuil Poitou Charentes II" was dismasted and severely damaged approximately south of Adelaide, Australia. Autissier was rescued on 1 January 1995 by a Seahawk helicopter launched from the Royal Australian Navy frigate, HMAS Darwin.
In the 1998-99 Around Alone race Autissier was rescued by fellow competitor Giovanni Soldini when her boat "PRB" capsized approximately west of Cape Horn.
Bibliography.
http://www.finerminds.com/personal-growth/profound-lessons-from-the-sea/

</doc>
<doc id="18650955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650955" title="Svetozar Čiplić">
Svetozar Čiplić

Svetozar Čiplić is a Serbian politician and former Minister of Human and Minority Rights. 
He was born in Novi Sad in 1965.
He graduated from the Novi Sad Law School, where he also received a Master’s degree. He has been employed at the school since 1995, where he teaches constitutional law.
He was member of the Novi Sad Executive Council, in charge of administration and regulations in 2001. From 2002 to 2007, he served on the bench of the Serbian Constitutional Court. From 7 July 2008 to 14 March 2011, he was the Minister of Human and Minority Rights, until his Ministry merged into Ministry of State Administration and Local Self-Government.
Ciplic publicly stated that minority ethnic group voter registration went smoothly despite widespread allegations of fraud.
He is married, with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18650974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650974" title="Alan Ford (architect)">
Alan Ford (architect)

Alan B. Ford, AIA, (born December 20, 1952) is an architect and author best known for his work on K-12 sustainable schools.
A regular contributor to architectural journalism, Ford is author of "Designing the Sustainable School" and co-author of "A Sense of Entry: Designing the Welcoming School". In 2008, Ford was a member of the national AIA Soloso (now Architect’s Knowledge Resource) Editorial Content Review Board and subject matter expert for the website’s design content. He has been published in such prominent journals as "Architect Colorado" and "World Architecture News".
The best known works to which Ford has applied his architectural expertise are the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library (Donovan and Green) in Simi Valley, California; the Walt Disney World Swan resort hotel (Michael Graves with Alan Lapidus Architects) in Lake Buena Vista, Florida; and the Tycon Towers development (John Burgee Architects with Philip Johnson) in Vienna, Virginia.
Biography.
Personal life.
Alan Ford was born on the Travis Air Force Base in California, where his father was stationed at the time. While growing up, Ford and his family were relocated to Alaska, Georgia and Florida.
By age six Ford had discovered and sought to develop his own creative talent through music. He cycled through various instruments and ultimately began playing guitar at the age of fourteen, which he continued into his twenties. Inspired by the 1970 Atlanta Pop Festival in Byron, Georgia, Ford went on to form the band Nothing (later renamed Free Form). From 1970 to 1972, Alan performed as a professional musician with his band. He began as a rhythm guitarist, often providing backup vocals, but later assumed the role of lead guitarist with occasional spots as lead vocalist.
In 1973, Ford parted from his band and moved to Boulder, Colorado in pursuit of a career in the recording industry. However, upon an unsuccessful attempt at securing a job with a Boulder-based recording studio, he began working at a dental supply company to save money for college.
Ford earned a Bachelor of Environmental Design from the University of Colorado at Boulder in 1978 and a Master of Architecture from the University of Colorado Denver in 1980.
Alan Ford is now married with a wife and two kids. They live in an 1896-built Victorian home in Denver’s Park Hill neighborhood. In 2000, Ford and his wife (also an architect) designed their own remodel of the house, which consisted of an addition that received widespread media acclaim. The renovation also earned a 2003 Architect’s Choice Award, sponsored by the "Rocky Mountain News", the American Institute of Architects’ Denver chapter and the city and county of Denver.
Career.
Upon receiving his Master of Architecture in 1980, Ford landed a job with W.C. Muchow and Partners Architects in Denver, where he remained for three years. In 1984, Ford moved to New York City where he joined the office of John Burgee Architects and Philip Johnson. He later went on to do work for Alan Lapidus/Michael Graves in 1989, I. M. Pei & Partners in 1990 and Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates in 1991. Alan attributes the cultivation of his fervor for architecture – which ultimately materialized in the form of architectural journalism – to the inspiration he found in Philip Johnson's passion for the profession.
In 1993, Ford co-founded Hutton Ford Architects P.C. with Paul Hutton, where he was a managing principal until 2007. On June 1, 2007, in a move to diversify his firm's range of services, Ford established Alan Ford Architects P.C.; however, both he and Hutton continue to collaborate on a number of joint ventures under the entity Hutton Ford Architects, LLC.
Alan Ford continues to practice as a licensed Colorado architect and principal of Alan Ford Architects. He authored the book "Designing the Sustainable School" and co-authored "A Sense of Entry: Designing the Welcoming School" with former partner Paul Hutton. In addition to his interest in K-12 sustainable school design, Ford has a passion for masonry detailing, which is evidenced by his Park Hill residence and a significant number of past projects.
Ford has served on the editorial board of the award-winning AIA magazine "Architect Colorado", and as an honorarium professor and guest critic at the University of Colorado, School of Architecture. He is also the former subject matter expert/editor of design content for the national AIA Soloso website (now the Architect’s Knowledge Resource), where he regularly contributed content promoting sustainability, design innovations and the architectural profession.
Alan Ford Architects P.C..
Alan Ford Architects P.C. is a Colorado architecture firm based in the unique Taxi2 development within the River North Art District in Denver. The firm was founded in 2007 by Alan Ford, who previously was a design and managing partner with Hutton Ford Architects. Alan Ford Architects specializes in the design of high-performance, sustainable K-12 schools, but also has extensive experience in a variety of additional project types including office, retail and mixed-use developments; performing arts facilities; single family and multifamily residential; and sports and fitness centers.

</doc>
<doc id="18650992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650992" title="Bogoljub Šijaković">
Bogoljub Šijaković

Bogoljub Šijaković (Serbian Cyrillic: Богољуб Шијаковић) (born 1955, in Nikšić) is a Montenegrin-born Serb politician who served as the Serbian Minister of Religion.
He was a member of the former Serb People's Party of Montenegro (which merged into New Serb Democracy in 2009).
He received his degree from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy and PhD from the Faculty of Philosophy in Sarajevo in 1989.
He is a professor of philosophy at the Orthodox Theological Faculty in Belgrade.
From 2000 to 2001, he was Yugoslav Federal minister of religion.
On July 7, 2008, he was elected Serbian Minister of Religion.

</doc>
<doc id="18650998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18650998" title="Viola B. Sanders">
Viola B. Sanders

Viola Brown Sanders (born February 21, 1921 - April 28, 2013) was an American naval officer who served as deputy director of Women in the Navy from 1958 to 1960, and in 1962 was appointed as the 6th director of Women in the Navy (Assistant Chief of Naval Personnel for Women).
Biography.
Captain Viola B. Sanders, born 21 February, 1921 in Sidon, Mississippi, is the daughter of John S. and Viola Brown Sanders. She graduated from Greenwood High School and went on to attend Sunflower Junior College (now Mississippi Delta Community College) in Moorhead, Mississippi, for two years. In 1941, she received a BS in education from Delta State Teachers College (now Delta State University) in Cleveland, Mississippi, and was later chosen as the college’s first outstanding alumna. She then taught grades seven to twelve in Glen Allan, Mississippi.
Sanders enlisted in the WAVES in March 1943. She attended Officer Candidate School at Smith College in Massachusetts, and completed communications training at nearby Mount Holyoke College. On October 19, 1943, she was assigned as communications officer at Naval Air Station in New Orleans, Louisiana, where she remained throughout the remainder of the war. She was transferred to Naval Station Great Lakes, where she worked in recruit training. When women’s recruit training was transferred to Naval Training Center, Bainbridge, Maryland, in late 1951, Sanders was assigned to set up the facilities for the women’s regiment. After completing the move, she became the regimental commander in Bainbridge, a position she held for a year.
In 1953, Sanders was sent abroad to Naval Supply Depot, Yokosuka, Japan, where she served as a naval intelligence officer. She returned to the U.S. in 1955 as administrative officer for U.S. Antarctic Programs, and aided in the office of Rear Admiral Richard Evelyn Byrd in Washington, D.C. In 1958, she was asked to be deputy director for Winifred Quick Collins, the Director of Women in the Navy. She later worked with the Naval Reserve at Norfolk, Virginia, for a year. She was then called back to Washington to serve as Director of Women in the Navy in 1962. Sanders retired from the Navy on August 31, 1966.
Retirement.
After her retirement Sanders lived in Southern Pines, North Carolina, for a short time before returning to Greenwood, Mississippi, where she was very active in civic and veterans affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="18651007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651007" title="Fessenden Nott Otis">
Fessenden Nott Otis

Fessenden Nott Otis (6 March 1825 – c. 1900) was a pioneer in the medical field of urology. He studied art in New York and was a teacher of drawing and perspective before entering medical school. Upon graduating in 1852, he served as ships surgeon for the Pacific Mail Steamship Company from 1853-59.

</doc>
<doc id="18651008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651008" title="Memory Prime">
Memory Prime

Memory Prime is a "" novel written by Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens.
Plot.
'Memory Prime' is the name of a planet home to aritifical intelligences called 'Pathfinders'. These beings help Federation personnel sort the information coming from all over Federation territory. The planet is also the host to a current series of scientific award ceremonies. Unfortunately the visitors are being stalked by a killer and Spock is being accused of being part of a Vulcan terrorist cell, the Adepts of T'Pel.

</doc>
<doc id="18651013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651013" title="Carpenter's Road Lock">
Carpenter's Road Lock

Carpenter's Road Lock is a rising radial lock in the London Borough of Newham, near Marshgate Lane in Stratford, England. This tidal lock was installed c. 1931, to allow navigation of the Bow Back Rivers between the Waterworks River and Old River Lea, as part of extensive flood prevention works. The lock supports an integral footbridge.
The 2012 Olympic stadium is sited about south of the lock, on an island site between the Old River Lea and the City Mill River which branches just to the south of the lock. For the Olympic games, the lock has been restored and a wide bridge will has been constructed above the lock from Stratford City to the stadium.
The lock is unusual in being a pair of "rising radial gates"; this is where a section of a cylindrical surface forms the lock gate. The section is rotated into the lock bed to open the lock. This is used because the lock is tidal, and traditional gates would need to be of the bi-directional type – that is mounted in two pairs. It is not thought that another lock of this type exists within the British Waterways system.
The lock controlled access to the northern section of the City Mill River, the southern approach being controlled by the bottom lock. Two locks were needed as, when tidally controlled, there was insufficient headroom for barges passing beneath the Northern Outfall Sewer, which passes over the City Mill River.
A stop lock put in place as part of the London 2012 Games. Originally the Carpenter's Road Lock was set for restoration by British Waterways as part of the Olympic legacy.

</doc>
<doc id="18651016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651016" title="Stephen Peyser">
Stephen Peyser

Stephen Peyser (b. July 28, 1986 in Lloyd Harbor, New York) is an American professional lacrosse player with the Long Island Lizards of Major League Lacrosse. Peyser also played with the Orlando Titans and New York Titans of the National Lacrosse League. He plays the midfield position.
Collegiate career.
Peyser won two national championships while playing with the Johns Hopkins Blue Jays. As a freshman he played in all sixteen games and helped the Blue Jays win the 2005 NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship. In 2006, Peyser missed a significant part of the season due to a broken jaw suffered prior to the season. In his junior season he was awarded USILA third team All-American honors, and again helped his team win the national championship. Peyser was named to the 2007 NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship All-tournament team for his efforts in the tournament. As a senior, Peyser and the Blue Jays were again in the national championship game; however, this time they were defeated by the Syracuse Orange.
As collegiate lacrosse has developed more specialists, Peyser's abilities as both a face-off man and offensive and defensive midfielder is unique. His ability contributed to the Blue Jays success during his collegiate career.
Professional career.
Peyser began his professional career with the New Jersey Pride in 2008. The Pride drafted Peyser 5th overall in the first round of the 2008 MLL Collegiate Draft. Peyser joined the New Jersey Pride which already featured his two older brothers, Michael and Gregory. During Week 6 of the 2008 MLL season, the Peyser brothers (Michael, Gregory, and Stephen) became the first trio of brothers to play on the same Major League Lacrosse team together.
Peyser has had an immediate impact on the league, and was named Rookie of the Week for Week 11 of the 2008 season.
He also joined his brother Greg as a member of the indoor lacrosse 2009 New York Titans. During the season, he was named to the All-Star Game as an injury replacement.

</doc>
<doc id="18651018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651018" title="Gregory Peyser">
Gregory Peyser

Gregory Peyser (born September 7, 1983 in Lloyd Harbor, New York) is an American professional lacrosse player with the Long Island Lizards of Major League Lacrosse. Peyser also played with the Orlando Titans and New York Titans of the National Lacrosse League. He played collegiate lacrosse at Johns Hopkins University. He plays midfield and is known as a face-off specialist.
Collegiate career.
Peyser was a team captain as a senior while playing for the Johns Hopkins Blue Jays. In his junior season he was awarded USILA third team All-American honors, and helped his team win the 2005 NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship game. He finished his career with the all-time leading face-off wins percentage in Blue Jays history.
In 2003, Peyser helped Team USA win its fifth consecutive Under-19 World Lacrosse Championships, and was honored with being named the tournaments Most Outstanding Midfielder.
Professional career.
Peyser began his professional career with the Philadelphia Barrage in 2006. The Barrage drafted Peyser 9th overall in the second round of the 2006 MLL Collegiate Draft.
Peyser has been a member of the New Jersey Pride since the 2007 season, when he joined his brother Michael on a team that already shared a number of brothers as teammates, including the Donegers and the Molletts. The Pride acquired Peyser in exchange for the team's first round selection in the 2007 MLL Collegiate Draft (which turned out to be Navy's Bill Looney). During the 2008 MLL Collegiate Draft, the Pride selected Peyser's younger brother Stephen. During Week 6 of the 2008 MLL season, the Peyser brothers (Michael, Gregory, and Stephen) became the first trio of brothers to play on the same Major League Lacrosse team together.
During the 2009 NLL season, he was named a reserve to the All-Star game but was unable to play due to injury.
Arena Football League.
In 2007, when the 2008 National Lacrosse League season was cancelled, Peyser, who had played football in high school, competed for a roster spot during try-outs for the Arena Football League's New York Dragons. He was eventually cut from the team and played the 2008 lacrosse season with the New York Titans once the season was reinstated.

</doc>
<doc id="18651021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651021" title="Michael Peyser">
Michael Peyser

Michael Peyser (born January 7, 1981 in Lloyd Harbor, New York) is an American professional lacrosse player with the New Jersey Pride of Major League Lacrosse. He played collegiate lacrosse at Johns Hopkins University. He is a long-stick defenseman.
Collegiate career.
Peyser was a two-time USILA All-American while playing for the Johns Hopkins Blue Jays. In 2002, he was awarded an Honorable Mention All-American distinction. While in 2003, his senior season, he was awarded Second Team All-American honors. He was the leader of the Blue Jay defensive unit as a senior, and helped his team reach the 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship game where they were defeated by University of Virginia.
Professional career.
Peyser began his professional career with the Boston Cannons in 2003. The Cannons drafted Peyser 11th overall in the second round of the 2003 MLL Collegiate Draft. In his first season he appeared in twelve games. In 2004 he appeared in eleven games for the Cannons, before taking the next two seasons off.
Peyser has been a member of the New Jersey Pride since the 2007 season, when he was acquired from the league's "player pool" of free agents. He joined his brother Gregory on a team that already shared a number of brothers as teammates, including the Donegers and the Molletts. In 2008, Peyser scored his first career goal. During the 2008 MLL Collegiate Draft, the Pride selected Peyser's younger brother Stephen. During Week 6 of the 2008 MLL season, the Peyser brothers (Michael, Gregory, and Stephen) became the first trio of brothers to play on the same Major League Lacrosse team together.

</doc>
<doc id="18651041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651041" title="Verica Kalanović">
Verica Kalanović

Verica Kalanović (, ; born 1954) is a Serbian politician, and the former Minister of Regional Development and Local Self-Government in the Government of Serbia.
Career.
Kalanović was born in Trstenik, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia and graduated in 1977 from the Faculty of Technology and Metallurgy in Belgrade, where she also received a master’s degree in 1980.
From 1980 to 1993, she worked in Prva Petoletka in Trstenik. From 1993 to 2003, she was professor at the post-secondary technical school in Trstenik. From 2000 to 2001, she was member of the Trstenik municipality executive council.
From 2003 to 2006, she was head of G17 Plus caucus in the parliament of Serbia and Montenegro. She was president of the Serbia-Montenegrin Parliament's Committee for interior economic relations and finances, a member of the parliamentary delegation in the Council of Europe and a member of the committee for local and regional development in the Council of Europe.
She was State Secretary in the Ministry of Economy and Regional Development from 2007 to July 2008.
On July 7, 2008, she was elected Minister for National Investment Plan., and resigned to the post following announcement of Cabinet re-shuffle which took place on 2 September 2013.
Kalanović is married with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18651045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651045" title="Korangi Road">
Korangi Road

Korangi Road is one of the best and widest roads in the city of Karachi. It connects low-income areas like Korangi and Landhi to the wealthier parts of Karachi (Defence Housing Authority, Clifton, Saddar, and PECHS).
Korangi Road starts at the Korangi Creek Cantonment, passes through the "Hino-Chowk" at Qayyumabad (one of the busiest roundabouts of Karachi, as the traffic from Karachi Port to Korangi Industrial Area passes through it) and ends at the Finance and Trade Centre (or Gora Qabristan), Shara-e-Faisal.
The 3.2-kilometer-long road has 3+3 lanes for large vehicles but 4+4 small vehicles can run side by side. There are also two parallel service roads of 3 lanes.

</doc>
<doc id="18651047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651047" title="Stanisław Burza">
Stanisław Burza

Stanisław Burza (born 26 September 1977 in Tuchów, Poland), nicknamed "Stan Storm", is a Polish speedway rider who is a 2004 and 2005 Team Polish Champion.
Stanisław Burza and his wife, Małgorzata, have one daughter, Justyna (b. 2006). "Burza" in Polish language means thunderstorm.

</doc>
<doc id="18651058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651058" title="The Final Nexus">
The Final Nexus

The Final Nexus is a "" novel written by Gene DeWeese.
Plot.
In this sequel to "Chain of Attack", the Enterprise must deal with an ancient series of warp-gates, now malfunctioning, that threatens to tear apart the galaxy.

</doc>
<doc id="18651084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651084" title="Sander (crater)">
Sander (crater)

Sander is a crater on Mercury, within Caloris Basin. It has dark walls and bright patches on its floor. Unlike the rays of Basho crater, the bright areas are not believed to be immature but are inherently bright. It is named after the German photographer August Sander (1876–1964).

</doc>
<doc id="18651119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651119" title="Ford Sierra RS Cosworth">
Ford Sierra RS Cosworth

The Ford Sierra RS Cosworth was a high-performance version of the Ford Sierra. It was the result of a Ford Motorsport project with the purpose of producing an outright winner for Group A racing in Europe.
Development.
The project was defined by Stuart Turner in the spring of 1983. He had recently been appointed head of Ford Motorsport in Europe, and he realised right away that Ford was no longer competitive in this area.
Turner got in touch with Walter Hayes, at the time Vice President of Public Relations at Ford, to get support for the project. Hayes had earlier been the driving force behind the development of the Ford GT40 that won Le Mans in 1966, and the Cosworth DFV engine that brought Ford 154 victories and 12 World Championships in Formula One during the 1960s and 1970s. Hayes found the project very appealing and promised his full support.
Turner then invited Ken Kohrs, Vice President of Development, to visit Ford’s longtime partner, the automotive company Cosworth, where they were presented a project developed on Cosworth’s own initiative, the YAA engine. This was twin cam, 16-valve engine based on Ford’s own T88 engine block, better known as the Pinto. This prototype proved an almost ideal basis for the engine Turner needed to power his Group A winner.
Therefore, an official request for a turbocharged version (designated Cosworth YBB) capable of 180 HP on the street and 300 HP in race trim, was placed. Cosworth answered positively, but they put up two conditions: the engine would produce not less than 150 kW (204 HP) in the street version, and Ford had to accept no less than 15,000 engines. Turner’s project would only need about 5,000 engines, but Ford nevertheless accepted the conditions. The extra 10,000 engines would later become one of the reasons Ford also chose to develop a four door, second generation Sierra RS Cosworth.
To find a suitable gear box proved more challenging. The Borg-Warner T5, also used in the Ford Mustang, was chosen, but the higher revving nature of the Sierra caused some problems. Eventually Borg-Warner had to set up a dedicated production line for the gear boxes to be used in the Sierra RS Cosworth.
Many of the suspension differences between the standard Sierra and the Cosworth attributed their development to what was learned from racing the turbocharged Jack Roush IMSA Merkur XR4Ti in America and Andy Rouse's successful campaign of the 1985 British Saloon Car Championship. Much of Ford's external documentation for customer race preparation indicated "developed for the XR4Ti" when describing parts that were Sierra Cosworth specific. Roush's suspension and aerodynamics engineering for the IMSA cars was excellent feedback for Ford. Some production parts from the XR4Ti made their way into the Cosworth such as the speedometer with integral boost gauge and the motorsport 909 chassis stiffening plates.
In April 1983, Turner’s team decided on the Sierra as a basis for their project. The Sierra filled the requirements for rear wheel drive and decent aerodynamic drag. A racing version could also help to improve the unfortunate, and somewhat undeserved, reputation that Sierra had earned since the introduction in 1982.
Lothar Pinske, responsible for the car’s bodywork, demanded carte blanche when it came to appearance in order to make the car stable at high speed. Experience had shown that the Sierra hatchback body generated significant aerodynamic lift even at relatively moderate speed.
After extensive wind tunnel testing and test runs at the Nardò circuit in Italy, a prototype was presented to the project management. This was based on an XR4i body with provisional body modifications in fibreglass and aluminium. The car’s appearance raised little enthusiasm. The large rear wing caused particular reluctance. Pinske insisted however that the modifications were necessary to make the project successful. The rear wing was essential to retain ground contact at 300 km/h, the opening between the headlights was needed to feed air to the intercooler and the wheel arch extensions had to be there to house wheels 10” wide on the racing version. Eventually, the Ford designers agreed to try to make a production version based on the prototype.
In 1984 Walter Hayes paid visits to many European Ford dealers in order to survey the sales potential for the Sierra RS Cosworth. A requirement for participation in Group A was that 5,000 cars were built and sold. The feedback was depressing. The dealers estimated they could sell approximately 1,500 cars.
Hayes didn’t give up however, and continued his passionate internal marketing of the project. As prototypes started to emerge, dealers were invited to test drive sessions, and this increased the enthusiasm for the new car. In addition, Ford took some radical measures to reduce the price on the car. As an example, the car was only offered in three exterior colours (black, white and moonstone blue) and one interior colour (grey). There were also just two equipment options: with or without central locking and electric window lifts.
Production.
The Ford Sierra RS Cosworth was first presented to the public at the Geneva Motor Show in March 1985, with plans to release it for sale in September and closing production of the 5,000 cars in the summer of 1986.
In practice, it was launched in July 1986 and 5545 were manufactured in total of which 500 were sent to Tickford for conversion to the Sierra 3 door RS500 Cosworth. The vehicles were manufactured in RHD (Right Hand Drive) only and made in Ford's Genk factory in Belgium. The following number of vehicles were registered in the UK: 
Sierra RS500 Cosworth.
Mike Moreton was head of the team that planned to develop an evolution edition aimed at making the car unbeatable on the race tracks. In March 1987, Aston Martin in Tickford was signed for the job of converting the 500 cars.
The Cosworth RS500 was announced in July 1987 and was homologated in August 1987.
The main difference to the Sierra 3 door Cosworth was the uprated Cosworth competition engine. Its new features were: 
The RS500 also had minor external cosmetic differences to its parent the Sierra 3 door Cosworth: 
Exactly 500 RS500s were produced, all of them RHD for sale in the UK only - the biggest market for this kind of Ford car. It was originally intended that all 500 would be black, but in practice 56 white and 52 Moonstone Blue cars were produced .
Motorsport achievements.
Touring Car Racing.
The car also fulfilled Ford's expectations on the race track. The 1987 World Touring Car Championship came like a gift to Ford. Class BMW Motorsport drivers, some trouble with gear boxes, amongst other things, and only 340 HP in the first Sierra RS Cosworth prevented Ford from dominating the first half of the season.
In August 1987 the Sierra RS500 Cosworth was homologated. Fords took pole position in all the remaining six events, and was first over the finishing line in five of them. Disqualification of the works Eggenberger cars from the 1987 James Hardie 1000 in Australia for wheel arch panel irregularities though was a bitter pill for the Fords, depriving West German pair Klaus Ludwig and Klaus Niedzwiedz of the World Championship and handing it to Schnitzer BMW's Italian driver Roberto Ravaglia. The pill was harder to swallow since the Texaco RS500 Sierras ran in the same configuration at five of the last six WTCC races, but were only protested against at Bathurst (Eggengerger modified the wheel arches to make them legal for the final race of the championship, the InterTEC 500 at the Fuji Speedway in Japan). The Eggenberger Motorsport team did however claim the entrants prize.
The RS500 was highly successful in Australian touring car racing with Dick Johnson Racing dominating the 1988 and 1989 Australian Touring Car Championship's with team boss Dick Johnson and his team mate John Bowe finishing 1-2 in both years. The pair also won the 1989 Tooheys 1000 at Bathurst while Tony Longhurst and Tomas Mezera had won the 1988 Tooheys 1000 in an RS500. Allan Moffat and Gregg Hansford also drove an Eggenberger built RS500 to victory in the 1988 Sandown 500 in what was Moffat's last win on Australian soil. Stiff competition from the 4WD twin-turbocharged Nissan Skyline GT-R, a revitalised BMW M3 Evolution and to a lesser extent the Holden Commodore SS Group A (both the VL and later VN models), saw the ageing Sierras largely outpaced in the 1991 ATCC. However, following a change in regulations for the last year of Group A racing in Australia in 1992, the Sierras were back on the pace and winning races.
The Sierra RS500 claimed pole for the Bathurst 1000 five times in its six years of competition at the Mount Panorama Circuit. The poles won were in 1987 (Ludwig), 1988 (Johnson), 1989 (Peter Brock), 1990 (Niedzwiedz) and 1992 (Johnson).
Along with the BMW M3, the Cosworth Sierras were the first Group A touring cars that were not road cars that had been put into use as race cars. Both Ford and BMW designed their cars as race cars, which under Group A rules needed to be put into production as road cars (cars needed a production run of 5,000 with a further 500 "evolution" models to be homologated for racing). All other leading Group A contenders up to 1987 (Jaguar XJS, Holden Commodore, BMW 635 CSi, Mitsubishi Starion, Rover Vitesse, Ford Mustang, Nissan Skyline and Volvo 240T) were road cars first that later found a home in touring car racing.
Rallying.
The Sierra Cosworth was also pressed into service as a rally car, and saw some success. After the abolition of the Group B formula in the World Rally Championship at the end of 1986, manufacturers had to turn to Group A cars and Ford, like most others, found itself without a fully suitable car. The Cosworth was very powerful but, with only rear-wheel-drive, lost out to the four-wheel-drive Lancias and Mazdas on loose-surface events, whilst the four-wheel-drive XR4x4 had an excellent chassis but an elderly engine producing only around 200 bhp, at least 100 less than the Lancia. For the 1987 season the team ran both, using the XR4x4 on loose surfaces and the Cosworth on tarmac, but the XR4x4's power disadvantage was too great and from 1988 the team concentrated on the Cosworth alone, and continued to use it until the arrival of the Sierra RS Cosworth 4x4 in 1990. 
The rear-drive car never won a loose-surface World Rally Championship event, but in the hands of drivers such as Stig Blomqvist, Carlos Sainz and Ari Vatanen it frequently finished in the top five, except when conditions were particularly slippery. On tarmac it was a much more serious competitor, and a young Didier Auriol won the 1988 Corsica Rally outright, the only time that season that Lancia were beaten in a straight fight. However, as Lancia developed the Delta Integrale further and new cars such as the Toyota Celica GT-Four ST165 appeared, the Cosworth became steadily less competitive. 
Thanks to strong support and readily available parts from Ford Motorsport, the Cosworth was a popular car with private teams. Moreover, below World Championship level four-wheel-drive opposition was limited at the time, and the Cosworth was as fast as any of its two-wheel-drive rivals. It lacked the fine handling of the BMW M3, for example, but on the other hand it was much more powerful. It was also very reliable. Consequently it became a very popular car at national championship level, and during the late 1980s Sierra drivers won many national series. Jimmy McRae took the British Rally Championship in a Sierra in 1987 and 1988, whilst Carlos Sainz won the Spanish Championship in the same years, to name but two. The Cosworth was popular with spectators because it was visually dramatic, with its flame-spitting exhaust and tail-sliding, rear-drive handling; and it was popular with amateur drivers because it was competitive, robust and relatively cheap. To this day it is a fairly common sight on lower-level events.
2WD Sierra Sapphire RS Cosworth.
The second generation 4 door Sierra Sapphire Cosworth was assembled in Genk, Belgium, with the UK-built Ford-Cosworth YBB engine. Cylinder heads on this car were early spec 2wd heads and also the "later" 2wd head which had some improvements which made their way to the 4X4 head. Suspension was essentially the same with some minor changes in geometry to suit a less aggressive driving style and favour ride over handling. Spindles, wheel offset and other changes were responsible for this effect. Approximately 13,140 examples were produced during 1988-1989 and were the most numerous and lightest of all Sierra Cosworth models. Specifically the LHD models which saved weight with a lesser trim level such as roll up rear windows, no air conditioning etc.
In the UK, the RHD 1988-1989 Sierra Sapphire RS Cosworth is badged as such with a small "Sapphire" badge on the rear door window trims. All 1988-1989 LHD models are badged and registered as a Sierra RS Cosworth with no Sapphire nomenclature at all. "Sapphire" being viewed as a Ghia trim level that saw power rear windows, air conditioning and other minor options. Enthusiasts of the marque are mindful of this and will describe the LHD cars by their body shell configuration, 3 door or 4 door. Example: 4 door Sierra RS Cosworth.
Sierra RS Cosworth 4×4.
In January 1990 the third generation Sierra RS Cosworth was launched, this time with four wheel drive. As early as 1987, Mike Moreton and Ford Motorsport had been talking about a four wheel drive Sierra RS Cosworth that could make Ford competitive in the World Rally Championship. The Borg Warner MT75 gear box that was considered an essential part of the project wasn’t available until late 1989 however.
Ford Motorsport’s desire for a 3-door "Motorsport Special" equivalent to the original Sierra RS Cosworth was not embraced. The more discreet 4-door version was considered to have a better market potential. It was therefore decided that the new car should be a natural development of the second generation, to be launched in conjunction with the face lift scheduled for the entire Sierra line in 1990.
The waiting time gave Ford Motorsport a good opportunity to conduct extensive testing and demand improvements. One example was the return of the bonnet louvers. According to Ford’s own publicity material, 80% of the engine parts were also modified. The improved engine was designated YBJ for cars without a catalyst and YBG for cars with a catalyst. The latter had the red valve cover replaced by a green one, to emphasize the environmental friendliness. Four wheel drive and an increasing amount of equipment had raised the weight by 100 kg, and the power was therefore increased to just about compensate for this.
The Sierra RS Cosworth 4x4 received, if possible, an even more flattering response than its predecessors and production continued until the end of 1992, when the Sierra was replaced by the Mondeo. The replacement for the Sierra RS Cosworth was not a Mondeo however, but the Escort RS Cosworth. This was to some extent a Sierra RS Cosworth clad in an "Escort-like" body. The car was released in May 1992, and was homologated for Group A rally in December, just as the Sierra RS Cosworth was retired.
The 4x4 Cosworth made a few appearances as a works rally car in 1990, and then tackled a full World Championship programme for 1991 and 1992. It was not a great success and never won a World Championship event, although in the hands of drivers such as Francois Delecour and Massimo Biasion it did take several second and third places. Initially it was unreliable, the gearbox being an especially weak point, and although by 1992 the reliability problems had been solved the Cosworth was never quite as effective in most conditions as some of its rivals. It was a relatively large car, slightly heavy, and less sophisticated than the latter generations of the Lancia Delta and Toyota Celica in terms of transmission systems and electronics. Biasion was reputedly strongly critical of the car on his first events for the team in 1992, but earned its best World Championship finish on that year's Rally of Portugal, where he finished second. He also brought its World Championship career to a close with fifth place on that Lombard RAC Rally. By then technical development of the Sierra had ceased, and most of the team's effort was directed towards the upcoming Escort Cosworth, which promised to be a much more competitive prospect.
Like the rear-drive car, the Cosworth 4x4 was popular at lower levels of rallying and a consistent winner at national championship level, and it remains a popular car among amateur rally drivers.

</doc>
<doc id="18651121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651121" title="Letter to the Falashas">
Letter to the Falashas

This is the letter written in 1905 by the Karate Jews of St.Petersburg under Samuel ben Moses Shapshal to the Falashas.
""Peace to You dear brothers. Hallow you YHWH of Israel, children of Abaraham, Yitzhaq and Yakov!
From many books we learned, that you are our brothers and that You live in distant country of Abisinia, in country which is called by Israelites as Qush and that Your religion is Law of Moshe, which was given to Israel on the Mt. Sinai via prophet Moshe. As we learned we use to call Yourself as Falash or Kara, because you believe strictly in Tanakh, You dont accept Talmud or Mishna, which are accepted by Jews.
We want to inform You, that our nation, which derives own origin from Israeli nation, and which call yourself as Qara, Qarai, Bene Miqra, or Qaraim. We live 20 centuries in country which is at this time part of Great Russian Empire. In our opinion we moved in Persia after destruction of Solomons Temple, than we moved in country of Khazars, which is near Black Sea. We are more than one century over rule of russian emperors. We are not numerus. 10 000 Qaraim is in Russia, 5 000 in Egypt and Algeria. Some Qaraim are in Jerusalem, Istanbul and in countries of Germany. Our religion is religion of Israeli nation, we believe only in Tanakh and we dont accept intermarriages with Jews or with other nations which dont believe in our religion. Our prayers are in hebrew- Leshon kodesh (holy language). Our prayers were wroten in ancient time by our great sages and we use for our prayers a lot of psalms by King David. Torah of Moshe which we profess has 5 parts. Bereshiit, Shemot, Vayikra, Bamidbar and Devarim. Beside it we have 19 books of prophets. If You with YHWH help will receive this letter, please answer us our questions.
1) Why do you identify as Kara or Falasha?
2) What of differences are between You and Jews?
3) Are you descendants of ancient Israelites as same as we?
4) If you are descendants of Israelites when did you move in Abissinia?
5) If you are descendants of Israelites do You accept only Tanakh as we?
6) Are in Your country other descendants of Israelites (Jews, which call Yourself Rabbanites)? If yes do you practice intermarriages with them? Do you use their meat?
7) What are Your relations with other Jews?
8) Do you practice circumcisions, do you keep Shabbat and Pessah as the reminder of exodus from Egypt?
9) How do You celebrate Shavuot, when do you start to count 50 days? From the 2nd day of Pessah or from the first day(Sunday) of week of Pessah as is wroten: Mimashurat ha-Shabbat? We count 7 weeks from the 1st day of week (after Shabbat). If Pessah is in the 1st day of week, than we count 7 weeks from this Sunday. For us is always Shavuot in day after Shabbat – in Sunday.
10) Do you wear according to Torah tzitzit? Do you wear it only during worship or do you wear its on your clothings? We wear tzitzit only in the time of prayers.
11) What kind of calendar do you use and what are names of your months?
12) Which date do you use? Do you use date from creation of World or from other time? We start our months according to New Moons.
13) Have you got the Torah of Moshe and prophets? If you have Books of prophets, on which language its are wroten and what are its names?
14) Have you got works of your Hakhams? What about are these books? Which language is used and when its were wroten?
15) Where do you pray? How do you call your prayerhouses? Which language do you use for your prayers and when its were wroten?
16) Have you got Kohanim and Levites? If not who substitute their? Who is head of your community and how do you call this person? Who pray in your community in front of YHWH (who is kantor) and how do you call your worships?
17) Have you got fast days? What are their names and what its remember?
18) Do you celebrate the Purim, which was established in the time of Mordokhai and Esther?
19) What is you're the oldest book and what is wroten in it and what language was used?
20) Do you read and write in Hebrew? Do you use tapping? Do you use tapping over or under text? We use tapping under written text.
21) On the base of our requests we want to wrote informations about your customs, traditions, about your social and economical status. What type of job do you do? How do you live, what kind of dress do you wear? Are among you wealthy people? Teach you your children to read and write? In which age use your sons to be married and what about your daughters?
How many people are you? What kind of language do you use? What are differences between you and local nations? With this letter we send you next letter in Hebrew-leshon kodesh. If you know this langure please answer us in hebrew because we know this language very well. We hope that you will answer us all our questions and they you will inform us that in your distant country live our brothers –Israelites, believers in ONE God, Qaraim. Could you inform us which address we have to use and how to write next letters. Could you inform us if are in your country people which travell in distant countries of Europe and Russia or in Egypt, Palestine and Holy town Yerushalayim. If someone of you will travell into Russia he will be able to find us in Peterburg, Moscow, Odessa, in Crimea (Yevpatoriya, Sevastopol, Simferopol, Feodosiya) there we have our communities.
We will pray to YHWH to hallow you, we are sending you the best regards. Yours humble servants.
Signed:
Community of Qaraim in St. Peterburg 14 of July 1896.""

</doc>
<doc id="18651137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651137" title="Girls For A Change">
Girls For A Change

Girls For A Change (GFC) is a national organization that empowers girls to create social change. The organization invites young women to design, lead, fund and implement social change projects that tackle issues girls face in their own neighborhoods.
Mission.
GFC empowers girls for personal and social transformation. The program inspires girls to have the voice, ability and problem solving capacity to speak up, be decision makers, create visionary change and realize their full potential.
Vision.
Through GFC, girls develop the voice, ability and problem solving capacity to speak up, be decision makers, create visionary change and realize their full potential. GFC seeks to address the very heart of issues confronting girls – increasing confidence in their own voice and convictions, developing life-skills, and improving the ability to identify paths and resources within their communities that can contribute to positive change and break cycles for a lifetime.
GFC envisions a world where girls with strong voices become active leaders and passionately engaged citizens, impacting not only their own neighborhoods but also their nations as girls become informed and participating citizens in their civic, political and cultural communities. By connecting them with adult women trained to serve as volunteer coaches, girls develop trusted relationships with powerful role models for civic engagement while women become strong advocates for girls and their neighborhoods.
Origins.
In 1999, co-founder and CEO Whitney Smith created an initiative in California to address growing concerns of girls feeling helpless in the face of community problems. A Steering Committee (later the Board of Directors) was set up.
In 2002, Niko Clifford joined the staff and helped expand the organization through multiple partnerships.
Model.
Girl Action Teams.
In Silicon Valley, Phoenix, and Richmond, Girls For A Change offers free after school programming for middle- and high-school girls. These Action Teams, composed of 5-30 girls and two adult female coaches, identify challenges in their communities and design and implement creative solutions to address them as a team following GFC's 7 Steps of Social Change.
Change Your World Trainings.
Starting in 2008, GFC began offering this day long conference at a variety of venues (including corporate seminars, youth-empowerment conventions, and schools). During the workshop, women and girls are taught the basics of social change and given the tools to create change in their community. The trainings also include a history of powerful social change makers and encouraged girls to identify their own social change agent inspirations.
Let's Go.
A modified and adaptable version of the Girl Action Teams, to be launched in Fall 2013.
Media coverage.
Girls For A Change has been featured in well known publications such as the Washington Post, the San Jose Mercury News, and the Huffington Post.
Notable Partnerships.
Miss Representation".
In 2011, Girls For A Change began a partnership with Miss Representation, a documentary film and associated non-profit that "explores how mainstream media contribute to the under-representation of women in influential positions by circulating limited and often disparaging portrayals of women."
Girls For A Change developed the Social Action Representative program with MissRepresentation.org and helps create bi-monthly action alerts which call the public to action around issues of sexism and gender inequity in the media and provides resources and tools for action. The most well known of these campaigns is #NotBuyingIt, which has been used internationally on Twitter to call attention to misogynistic materials and incidents in the media.
U By Kotex.
In 2010 Girls For A Change began an ongoing partnership with U By Kotex®, Kotex's brand aimed at young women which also seeks to empower women and girls to celebrate their bodies and talk openly about periods and vaginal care. Girls For A Change developed curriculum for "Love Your Body, Change Your World" trainings, which have traveled all over the US and Canada from 2010 to 2012.
In 2013, U By Kotex® - in partnership with GFC - launched Generation Know*, a program that encourages young women to know their bodies, reject myths that impact their health, and inspires them to educate their peers. Girls For A Change developed new curriculum for a Get In The Know* international tour, which took place January - April 2013. The organization also developed the Girl Ambassador Program, which trained 28 college-age young women on creating social change around vaginal health care, body positivity, and the mission of Generation Know*. The Ambassador's represent Girls For A Change and U By Kotex®'s initiative and lead social action around these issues in their communities.
Other partners (past or present) include Sephora, Nike, U By Kotex, and Miss Representation, meSheeky, Eileen Fisher, and Theta Nu Xi Multicultural Society, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18651153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651153" title="Jasna Matić">
Jasna Matić

Jasna Matić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јасна Матић, born January 14, 1964) is a Serbian business consultant and a politician.
She was born in Belgrade and received a degree in Civil Engineering in 1994 from the University of Belgrade's Faculty of Civil Engineering as well as a degree in Business Administration in 2001 from Washington University in St. Louis.
From 1994 to 1999, she worked as a civil engineer and project coordinator in Masinoproject Kopring, Belgrade. She is versed in presentation skills, public speaking, negotiating, and management of organisations and processes.
From 2001 to 2002, she was Adviser to the Yugoslav Deputy Prime Minister. She was also a World Bank consultant in Washington D.C. from 2000 to 2001.
She was Chief Adviser of the project for the promotion of Serbia’s competitiveness to Booz Allen Hamilton, USAID.
From 2004 to 2007, she was Director of the Serbian Investment and Export Promotion Agency - SIEPA.
She was appointed State Secretary of the Ministry of Economy and Regional Development in 2007 and held the position until July 2008.
On July 7, 2008, she was elected Minister of Telecommunications and Information Society and was dismissed on March 14, 2011.
She currently holds the position of the State Secretary for Digital Agenda in the Ministry of Culture, Information, and Informational Society.
Speaks English, and has a working knowledge of Italian and German.

</doc>
<doc id="18651157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651157" title="30th General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
30th General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 30th General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1890 and 1894.
The Liberal Party led by William Stevens Fielding formed the government.
Michael J. Power was chosen as speaker for the house.
The assembly was dissolved on February 14, 1894.
List of Members.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18651158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651158" title="Qasr Hur">
Qasr Hur

Qasr Hur is a village in the governorate of Minya, Egypt, around 300 km south of Cairo, on the edge of the Western or Libyan desert. The village is predominantly Muslim with a small Christian minority. The Coptic Orthodox priest of Qasr Hur has been tending the ruined church of the Monastery of Abu Fanah until the mid eighties of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18651165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651165" title="Symphony No. 30 (Mozart)">
Symphony No. 30 (Mozart)

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart wrote Symphony No. 30 in D major, K. 202/186b in Salzburg, completing it on May 5, 1774.
The work is scored for two oboes, bassoon, two horns, two trumpets, timpani and strings, but the timpani part has been lost. There has been at least one attempt to reconstruct the timpani part.
\relative c {
</score>
The work is in 4 movements:
The first movement is in sonata form and opens with a falling, dotted fanfare motif. A transitional section follows which contains a dialogue between violins and bass alternating between loud and soft dynamics and ending with a trill. The second theme group of the sonata-form structure contains two sections. The first is a ländler scored for two violins against bass while the second is a minuet for the tutti featuring trills on almost every beat. The expositional coda returns to the ländler style. The development focuses on the minuet-style with the phrase-lengths elongatated. Following the recapitulation, the movement coda returns to this minuet and regularizes its phrase-lengths before the final cadence.
In the trio of the minuet, the first violin is syncopated an eighth-note ahead of the accompaniment.
The finale starts off with a falling dotted fanfare motif similar to the one that starts the opening movement. The answering phrase and the movement's second theme have a contradanse character.

</doc>
<doc id="18651199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651199" title="USS Holly (AN-19)">
USS Holly (AN-19)

USS "Holly" (AN-19/YN-14) was an "Aloe"-class net laying ship which was assigned to serve the U.S. Navy during World War II with her protective anti-submarine nets.
Built in West Virginia.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Holly" (YN-14) was launched by Marietta Manufacturing Company, Point Pleasant, West Virginia, 17 April 1941; and after the long trip down the Ohio River and the Mississippi River was placed in service at Algiers, Louisiana, 11 October 1941, Ens. R. G. Osburn, Jr., in command.
World War II service.
Pacific Ocean operations.
The net tender spent the first year of her service at various Gulf and East Coast ports servicing harbor nets. She performed this duty at Key West, Florida; Newport, Rhode Island; and, Boston, Massachusetts. "Holly" commissioned at Boston 15 December 1942, Lt. J. M. C. Tighe in command.
"Holly" sailed 24 December 1942 to tend nets in New York harbor and harbors on the island of Jamaica, en route to the Panama Canal Zone where she arrived 19 January 1943. There she continued servicing net defenses until departing in convoy for Bora Bora 19 February. In the months that followed she steamed between Pago Pago, Suva Harbor, Noumea, and Espiritu Santo, working on vital net facilities which helped keep American bases and staging areas secure. "Holly's" classification was changed to "AN-19", 20 January 1944.
Under attack by aircraft.
In early 1944, the ship joined LST Flotilla 5 in preparation for the invasion of the Mariana Islands. Arriving Kwajalein 6 June 1944, the ship sailed 3 days later with an LST group for the invasion area. During the preinvasion bombardment and reconnaissance 17 June, the fleet came under heavy air attack. "Holly's" guns assisted in downing several enemy planes; and, when "LCI-468" was damaged in the battle, moved swiftly to take her in tow. With the assault well underway, the net tender proceeded to Eniwetok 25 June, arriving 5 days later.
End-of-war activity.
"Holly" resumed her net servicing duties in the South Pacific Ocean during the remainder of the war, returning to San Pedro, California, soon after the surrender of Japan 15 August 1945. After a short voyage to Pearl Harbor to help dismantle net defenses September-October she arrived Bremerton, Washington, 28 October 1945, 
Post-war decommissioning.
"Holly" was decommissioned at Astoria, Oregon, 7 June 1946. "Holly" remained in the Pacific Reserve Fleet until being stricken 1 September 1962, and transferred to the National Defense Reserve Fleet, Olympia, Washington, under U.S. Maritime Administration custody.
Honors and awards.
"Holly" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="18651200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651200" title="Mildgyth">
Mildgyth

Saint Mildgyth (or Mildgytha) () (died 676) was the youngest daughter of Merewalh, king of Mercia and Saint Eormenburh. She was the youngest sister of Saint Mildburh of Wenlock and Saint Mildrith. The three sisters have been likened to the three theological virtues: Mildburh to faith, Mildgyth to hope, and Mildrith to charity.
She was a Benedictine nun and later abbess of a Northumbrian convent. All that is known of St Mildgytha was that she was a nun and that “miraculous powers were often exhibited” at her tomb in Northumbria. She seems to have died long before her sisters, while still quite young, which may account for so little mention being made of her.
Her feast day is 17 January.

</doc>
<doc id="18651216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651216" title="Žarko Obradović">
Žarko Obradović

Žarko Obradović (, ; born 1960 in Ivangrad, SR Montenegro, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian politician who was a Minister of Education and Science in the Government of Serbia. 
He holds a position of Lecturer at the Megatrend University and the Dean at the University’s Faculty of Public Administration.
Apart from his native Serbian, Obradović speaks English fluently and has a working knowledge of French. He is married, and a father of two daughters.
Biography.
Obradović graduated from the Faculty of Political Sciences at the University of Belgrade, where he later also received his MA and PhD. He published two books and ten papers.
From 1998 until 2000, he was Deputy Minister for Local Self-Government and in the Interim Government, while from October 2000 until January 2001 he held a position of Deputy Minister of Higher Education.
He has been MP since 2001. He was President and Deputy President of the Socialist Party of Serbia caucus in the Serbian parliament and has been Deputy President of the Socialist Party of Serbia from December 2006.
On 7 July 2008 he was appointed Minister of Education in the Cabinet of Mirko Cvetković, and held that position in the Cabinet of Ivica Dačić as well until Cabinet reshuffle in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18651232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651232" title="Double, Double (Star Trek novel)">
Double, Double (Star Trek novel)

Double, Double is a "" novel written by Michael Jan Friedman.
Plot.
One android has survived the destruction of Roger Korby and his scientific facilities. The robot creates another Captain Kirk and fools the U.S.S. Hood with a distress signal. The Hood's command crew is soon overtaken by murderous androids and Kirk himself is framed for murder. 
Kirk's android double takes over his command position on the Enterprise. The regular Kirk rallies the survivors of the Hood and his own crew into destroying the android's threat.

</doc>
<doc id="18651237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651237" title="Carnonacae">
Carnonacae

The Carnonacae were a people of ancient Britain, known only from a single mention of them by the geographer Ptolemy c. 150. From his general description and the approximate locations of their neighbors, their territory was along the western coast of modern Ross-shire. Ptolemy does not provide them with a town or principal place.

</doc>
<doc id="18651242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651242" title="Antoninus (philosopher)">
Antoninus (philosopher)

Antoninus was a Neoplatonist philosopher who lived in the 4th century. He was a son of Eustathius and Sosipatra, and had a school at Canopus, Egypt. He was an older contemporary of Hypatia who lived and worked nearby in Alexandria. He devoted himself wholly to his pupils, but he never expressed any opinion upon divine matters, and although Eunapius attributes this to Antoninus' piety, he also points out that Antoninus refrained from theurgic rites "perhaps because he kept a wary eye on the imperial views and policy which were opposed to these practices." His moral conduct is described as exemplary. He and his disciples were strongly attached to paganism; but he is said to have been able to see that its end was near at hand, and he predicted that after his death all the splendid temples of the gods would be changed into tombs:
He foretold to all his followers that after his death the temple would cease to be, and even the great and holy temples of Serapis would pass into formless darkness and be transformed, and that a fabulous and unseemly gloom would hold sway over the fairest things on earth. To all these prophecies time bore witness, and in the end his prediction gained the force of an oracle.

</doc>
<doc id="18651243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651243" title="Petar Škundrić">
Petar Škundrić

Petar Škundrić () (born February 21, 1947) is a Serbian politician, member of the Socialist Party of Serbia and was a minister in the Serbian Government from 2008 to 2011.
Škundrić graduated and obtained his masters and PhD degrees at the Faculty of Technology and Metallurgy of the University of Belgrade.
He is professor at the Faculty of Technology and Metallurgy in Belgrade, and honorary professor at the Saint Petersburg State Institute of Technology.
He is one of the founding members and first secretary general of the Socialist Party of Serbia, and was a member of parliament of the former state union of Serbia and Montenegro. Presently he is a member of the board of SPS.
On July 7, 2008 he was elected Minister of Energy and Mining in the Government of Serbia, a post he held until March 2011, when the portfolio was split into the Infrastructure and Environment ministries.
Škundrić is married and father of two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="18651248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651248" title="Interprovincial Amateur Hockey Union">
Interprovincial Amateur Hockey Union

The Interprovincial Amateur Hockey Union (IAHU or IPAHU) was the premier amateur ice hockey league in Canada after the split between the amateur and professional ice hockey teams of the Eastern Canadian Amateur Hockey Association (ECAHA) in 1908.
History.
In November 1908, the Montreal Victorias resigned from the ECAHA and proposed to set up a new amateur ice hockey league. The founding meeting of the new Interprovincial league was held on November 14, 1908. That same day, the Montreal Hockey Club resigned from the ECAHA after not being allowed to hold onto Didier Pitre, whom the Club had signed from Montreal Shamrocks. Montreal HC then met with the Victorias to apply. The league's first president was Blair Russel of the Victorias. The first vice-president was Percy Quinn of Toronto AAC, second vice-president was A. Sutherland of Ottawa Cliffsides and the treasurer was A. A. Eaves of the Montreal Hockey Club. The same day the team representatives wrote the league's constitution.
The teams began play in January 1909 with a four-team league of the Victorias, Montreal Hockey Club, Ottawa Cliffsides and Toronto AAC. Toronto AAC would continue play in the Ontario Hockey Association senior series as well.
In February 1909, it was announced that a new championship trophy for Canadian amateur teams was donated by Sir Montagu Allan. The new Allan Cup was given to the Victorias of the IAHU as the premier amateur team. Ottawa Cliffsides were IAHU champions and became Allan Cup champions as well. The Cliffsides would lose the Allan Cup in a challenge to Queen's College of Kingston, Ontario.
For 1910–11, the league doubled to eight teams, with two Ottawa teams and two Montreal teams in the Central division, and a new Eastern division with teams in Grand Mere, Trois Rivieres, Westmount and Sherbrooke. The league expanded again for 1911–12 to thirteen teams, with four in the Central, five in the Eastern and four in a new Montreal division. In 1912–13, the league expanded to fifteen teams in five divisions. It was the peak of membership in the Interprovincial, as in 1913–14 the Montreal teams left to join the Montreal City League, the Ontario teams to various senior leagues, leaving only a single East division of five teams. 1913–14 was the final season of the Interprovincial.
Teams.
† Allan Cup champion

</doc>
<doc id="18651281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651281" title="Srđan Srećković">
Srđan Srećković

Srđan Srećković (Serbian Cyrillic: Срђан Срећковић) (born 1974) is a Serbian politician.
He was born in Belgrade, where he also obtained his master’s degree at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Economics.
He was deputy president of the Serbian Renewal Movement (SPO).
He was Jat Airways Assistant Director-General, and served as assistant minister of trade, tourism and services from 2004 to 2007.
On July 7, 2008, he was elected Minister of Diaspora. On March 14, 2011, he was elected Minister of Religion and Diaspora.
He is married and speaks English.

</doc>
<doc id="18651294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651294" title="The Egyptian Gazette">
The Egyptian Gazette

The Egyptian Gazette is an English-language Egyptian daily, part of the "Al Gomhuria" group of news publications. 
First published on January 26, 1880, it is the oldest English-language newspaper in the Middle East. 
Khaled Bakir is chairman of the "Gazette"'s board and Ramadan Abdel Kader has been the editor-in-chief since July 2005.
History.
"The Egyptian Gazette" was founded as a four-page weekly tabloid in Alexandria by five Britons, including Andrew Philip, as editor, and Moberly Bell, later managing editor of "The Times" in London.
In the 1930s, Cairo became more important than Alexandria as a news centre and the newspaper's offices were moved to the Egyptian capital on February 28, 1938.
Shortly before World War II, ownership of "The Egyptian Gazette" passed to the "Société Orientale de Publicité" (SOP) (), in which Oswald J. Finney, a wealthy British businessman, was the major shareholder. "The Egyptian Gazette" found itself associated with "The Egyptian Mail", another English-language Egyptian newspaper, founded in 1914, and also owned by the SOP. The market was split between the two dailies, with the "Mail" appearing in the morning, and the "Gazette" in the evening.
At the end of the war and with the departure of most of the British Army stationed in Egypt, the market for English-language newspapers shrank dramatically. As a result, and as continues to the present day, "The Egyptian Gazette" is published every day except Tuesdays, when the now-weekly "The Egyptian Mail" appears.
In May 1954, following the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 and the nationalization program of President Nasser, El Tahrir Printing and Publishing House took over ownership of the newspaper from the SOP. Amin Abul Enein was appointed managing editor, bringing the newspaper under the editorial authority of an Egyptian for the first time.
Contributors.
While never garnering quite the same international reputation as "Al-Ahram Weekly", the English-language weekly published by "Al-Ahram", "The Egyptian Gazette" has provided several important journalists with an opportunity to print their material.
Among these are Muhammad Husayn Haykal, one-time Egyptian education minister; David Du Bois, academic and son of the pan-Africanist leader W. E. B. Du Bois; and, more recently, George Richards, founder editor of the Edinburgh Middle East Report.

</doc>
<doc id="18651304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651304" title="William Cameron (Canadian politician)">
William Cameron (Canadian politician)

William Cameron (September 25, 1847 – December 11, 1920) was an educator, farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Pictou County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1887 to 1897 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Sutherland's River, Pictou County, Nova Scotia, a descendant of Scottish immigrants, and was educated at Dalhousie College. In 1882, he married Mary Catherine Dawson. Cameron taught school and was also a high school principal. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in an 1887 by-election held after Adam Carr Bell resigned his seat to run unsuccessfully for a federal seat.
William Cameron died in 1920. At the time of his death he was serving as county clerk of Pictou County.

</doc>
<doc id="18651317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651317" title="Hill 10 Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Hill 10 Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

Hill 10 Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery in the former Suvla Bay sector of the Gallipoli Peninsula, Turkey. The battles at Gallipoli, some of whose participating soldiers are buried at this cemetery, was an eight-month campaign fought by Commonwealth and French forces against Turkish forces in an attempt to force Turkey out of the war, to relieve the deadlock of the Western Front (France/Belgium) and to open a supply route to Russia through the Dardanelles and the Black Sea. 
The main landings were in April 1915, but failure to make any progress led to a further landing at Suvla Bay to the North of the existing Allied positions on 6 August. However indecision and confusion led delays allowing the Turkish defenders to reinforce their positions, resulting in a stalemate.
Hill 10 was a small hill North of the Suvla Bay salt lake and was captured by 9th Lancashire Fusiliers and the 11th Manchesters the following morning. Originally a burial site containing just 3 graves from November 1915, the cemetery was greatly enlarged after the Armistice, when graves consolidated from six smaller cemeteries - the 88th Dressing Station, 89th Dressing Station, Kangaroo Beach, 'B' Beach, 26th Casualty Clearing Station and Park Lane cemeteries. 150 of the graves are unidentified, but there are memorials to the 55 British 
soldiers and sailors and the single Royal Australian Navy Bridging Train member known to be amongst them.

</doc>
<doc id="18651331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651331" title="Ila Yara">
Ila Yara

Ila Yara was the original kingdom founded about the 12th century by Ajagun-nla (meaning "mighty warrior or great warrior"), also nicknamed "Orangun", the legendary son of Oduduwa. The kingdom split into two after Orangun Apakiimo was installed (as the 6th Orangun) towards the end of the 15th century. A young prince Arutu, who lost the contest for the Orangun throne, led a rebellion and exodus of his supporters, and founded the Ila, Nigeria kingdom further northward (near the Isedo kingdom of Obalumo, while Orangun Apakiimo soon evacuated Ila Yara to found the Oke-Ila kingdom further eastward (after attracting other polities including a segment of the Isedo kingdom). Both kings of the Oke-Ila and Ila kingdoms
are titled "Orangun".

</doc>
<doc id="18651334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651334" title="Universidad de San Martín de Porres">
Universidad de San Martín de Porres

, http://www.fcctp.usmp.edu.pe/
The Universidad de San Martín de Porres (USMP) is a private university located in Lima, Peru. It was founded in 1962 by the Dominican Order of the Catholic Church.
The university counts two large branches, in Lima and Chiclayo.
The University community of teachers, students and graduated professionals are dedicated to the values and objectives of this Dominican institution. It is headquartered in the Santa Anita district of the Lima Metropolitalian Area, with additional campuses in other districts of Lima: San Isidro, La Molina and Pueblo Libre.
According to the 2012 university rankings by British company Quacquarelli Symonds (QS), San Martín de Porres University occupies the fifth position among all Peruvian universities, and the 151st position in Latin America overall. Above USMP are: Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú (31st), Universidad Nacional Mayor de San Marcos (46th), Universidad Peruana Cayetano Heredia (81st) and Universidad de Lima (144th).

</doc>
<doc id="18651352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651352" title="List of conflicts in Egypt">
List of conflicts in Egypt


</doc>
<doc id="18651353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651353" title="Tamara Stojčević">
Tamara Stojčević

Tamara Stojčević was born in Belgrade, in 1966. She is the secretary-general of the Serbian government.
She graduated from the University of Belgrade's Law School. She passed the bar examination in 1993.
She held several posts in the Belgrade City Assembly. She worked as a lawyer, deputy secretary, secretary of the Vracar municipal assembly and advisor to the secretary of this municipal assembly. She was deputy secretary of the Belgrade City Assembly and then the secretary, and from 2004 the head of the city administration.
From 2002 to 2004, she was deputy member of the Serbian Electoral Commission, and from 2001 to 2005 deputy secretary of the Belgrade City Electoral Commission. Between 1999 and 2002 she held the position of secretary of the Municipal Electoral Commission of the Vracar municipality.
In 2007 she was elected the secretary of the Serbian parliament, and on July 8, 2008 she was appointed secretary-general.
She speaks English.

</doc>
<doc id="18651361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651361" title="The State (book)">
The State (book)

__NOTOC__
The State () is a book by German sociologist Franz Oppenheimer first published in Germany in 1908. Oppenheimer wrote the book in Frankfurt am Main during 1907, as a fragment of the four-volume "System of Sociology", an intended interpretative framework for the understanding of social evolution on which he laboured from the 1890s until the end of his life. The work summarizes Oppenheimer's general theory on the origin, development and future transformation of the state. "The State," which Oppenheimer's missionary zeal pervades, was widely read and passionately discussed in the early 20th century. It was well received by—and influential on—as diverse an audience as Israeli halutzim, American and Slavic communitarians, West German Chancellor Ludwig Erhard, and anarcho-capitalists like Murray Rothbard.
A classical liberal and socialist sympathiser, Oppenheimer regarded capitalism as "a system of exploitation and capital revenues as the gain of that exploitation", but placed the blame not on the genuinely free market, but on the intervention of the state. Oppenheimer's view of the state is profoundly opposed to the then dominant characterisation propounded by G. W. F. Hegel of the state as an admirable achievement of modern civilisation. Proponents of this view tend to accept the social contract view that the State came about as every larger groups of people agreed to subordinate their private interests for the common good.
In contrast, Opphenheimer's view was an advancement of the "conquest theory" of the state that developed during the late 19th century by Ludwig Gumplowicz. According to conquest theory, the state came into being through war and conquest, a consequence of which was the establishment of social classes; the dominant conquerors and the subordinate conquered. This, in turn, led to the emergence of a political system to consolidate the power of the conquerors, to perpetuate and regulate class divisions. Oppenheimer's views led the American essayist, Albert Jay Nock, writing in the first half of the 20th century, to remark that, "Taking the State wherever found, striking into its history at any point, one sees no way to differentiate the activities of its founders, administrators and beneficiaries from those of a professional-criminal class."
Publication history.
"The State" was first published in Germany in 1908. The 1922 English edition does not include the alterations Oppenheimer made to the 1929 German edition. In his introduction to the 1922 edition, Oppenheimer refers to authoritative editions of the work in English, French, Hungarian and Serbian, noting in addition the proliferation of pirated editions in Japanese, Hebrew, Russian and Yiddish.

</doc>
<doc id="18651382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651382" title="TauRx Therapeutics">
TauRx Therapeutics

TauRx Therapeutics Ltd is a life sciences/pharmaceutical company incorporated in Singapore with primary research facilities and operations in Aberdeen, Scotland. 
The company was co-founded in 2002 by the late gynecologist, surgeon and venture capitalist K. M. Seng and Claude Wischik, Professor of Old Age Psychiatry at the University of Aberdeen, Scotland, who is currently the company's Executive Chairman.
The company's protein aggregation inhibitors target the underlying pathology of dementia, with the aim of modifying or halting disease progression. Their lead compound, LMTX™, targets aggregation of tau and is believed to act on synuclein, TDP-43 and huntingtin protein. Its primary development in Alzheimer's disease is focused in its activity as a Tau Aggregation Inhibitor (TAI). 
In 1988, while at Cambridge University, Wischik and coworkers discovered that abnormal fibres of tau protein form inside nerve cells in patients with Alzheimer's disease, and that their aggregation into tau tangles correlates to the development of dementia. In 1997, Wischik and his team moved to the University of Aberdeen, where they continued their pioneering research into tau pathology and protein aggregation inhibition. In 2002, the company was formed as a spin-out of the University of Aberdeen.
Rember - a first generation TAI - was used in Phase 2 clinical trials in Alzheimer's, with encouraging results announced by Wischik and colleagues in July 2008 at the Alzheimer's Association's International Conference on Alzheimer's Disease (ICAD 2008) in Chicago.
In the latter part of 2012, the company announced that it had initiated Phase 3 clinical trials with LMTXTM for mild and moderate Alzheimer's disease and behavioral variant FTD (bvFTD).

</doc>
<doc id="18651411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651411" title="Norodom Ranariddh Party">
Norodom Ranariddh Party

The Norodom Ranariddh Party (NRP, "Kanakpak Norodom Ranariddh") is a Cambodian political party created by Prince Norodom Ranariddh, who has left the Royalist FUNCINPEC party of which he was previously leader/chairman.
A congress of people chose to change the name of their political party called Khmer National Front Party to the Norodom Ranariddh Party on 16 November 2006 and elected Prince Samdech Krom Preah Norodom Ranariddh as the president of NRP.
It was briefly known as the Nationalist Party from 2008 to 2010.
Political ideology.
The party promotes various ideologies altogether. Firstly its conservative-right ideology promotes the preservation of Cambodia's "cultural landmarks" while improving the capital city "Phnom Penh's master plan" to mend "buildings in the city in order to" be an excellent "modern city." The party also wants to keep the existence of the " Khmer race and its culture, religion and language." The NRP wants to nationally stop the "increase in the price of goods" they will get rid of "the monopoly on foreign good import" and take away "tariffs on" the necessary foods Cambodia gets from other countries.
On the ideas it promotes in its left wing ideology it believes in making the "minimum wages for factory workers" become larger. The NRP would oppose the "blocks of flats which have been constructed to poor technical standards" particularly those with no necessary emergency systems.
Finally the liberal part of this party's ideology is promoting freedom from the rulers of Cambodia who only think of "power, money and themselves" and because of that they would frighten Cambodian people by being a "dictatorial" and militaristic government. Therefore NRP will oppose this and defend "democracy" and the "rule of law". Apart from that, finally with the party's position on the "city's judicial systems" it will "reform" it freeing it from any damaging misguidance so it can give its "independence and fairness for the people."
Political activities.
The Norodom Ranariddh Party has created recently an alliance with three political parties called the Sam Rainsy Party, FUNCINPEC party and the Human Rights Party. Together they wanted the international community and Cambodia to oppose the Cambodian elections that were "won" on 27 July 2008 by the Cambodian People's Party because this alliance of four parties say that the CPP "manipulated and rigged" the elections.
Now some time recently Prince Norodom Ranariddh had chosen to go and be in "retirement from politics" on Friday 3 October 2008. However he still will have influence on "NRP policy". While that's happening the party will "appoint" as "acting president" Chhim Siek Leng "as its next leader."
Norodom Ranariddh entered politics again on 11 December 2010, when the NRP (which had been known as the Nationalist Party after Norodom Ranariddh left) renamed itself again.

</doc>
<doc id="18651421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651421" title="Rose al-Yūsuf">
Rose al-Yūsuf

Rose al-Yūsuf (also written Rose al-Yousef, روز اليوسف in Arabic)) is an Egyptian weekly magazine founded on 26 October 1925. It is a pro-government publication published by "Rose al Yusuf Establishment" ( مؤسسة روز اليوسف in Arabic).
The editor of the magazine Mohamed El-Tabii had a great role in establishing the paper, alongside Fatma al Yusuf, the owner, a Lebanese actress of Turkish origin who had gone into journalism and created a great name for herself.
Later on other renowned Egyptian journalists worked as editors in the magazine including Mostafa Amin and Ali Amin.
The magazine started as a cultural and literary publication by Rose al Yusuf, but became a political magazine by 1928. It had since lost its independence, functioning as a mouthpiece for the Hosni Mubarak regime prior to Mubarak's ouster from the presidency. Like other government propaganda sources, the magazine is now adopting a tone more in line with the general anti-Mubarak sentiment.
In 1935, the publisher added a daily newspaper with the same name.
Both the weekly magazine and daily newspaper are published in Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="18651444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651444" title="Senkamanisken">
Senkamanisken

Senkamanisken was a Nubian king who ruled from 640 to 620 BC at Napata. 
Senkamisken used titles based on those of the Egyptian Pharaohs.<br>
Horus name: Seh(er)tawy ("Pacifier (?) of the Two Lands") <br>
Nebty Name: Khahermaat ("Who appears in Equity") <br>
Golden Horus Name: Userpehty ("Whose strength is mighty")<br>
Prenomen: Sekheperenre <br>
Nomen: Senkamanisken
He was married to Queen Nasalsa who bore him two sons: Anlamani and Aspelta. Both sons would ultimately assume the Nubian/Kushite throne after his death. at Napata, Nubia's capital city. His pyramid is Nu.3 in Nuri. Statues of Senkamanisken have been found buried or hidden in the Gebel Barkal presumably due to Psamtik II's attack on Kush in 592 BC. A spinx has also been found which was inscribed with his name. Objects bearing the name of this king have also been found in Meroë indicating that he placed a degree of importance to this site which would be the political capital of the Kushite kingdom after Psamtik II's sack of Napata in 592 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="18651453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651453" title="The Cry of the Onlies">
The Cry of the Onlies

The Cry of the Onlies is a "" novel written by Judy Klass.
Plot.
Boaco Six is caught up in revolution and Captain Kirk is sent in to re-establish diplomatic ties. His efforts are going well until an experimental Federation ship destroys a Boacan vessel. In order to stop a war, Kirk attempts to track down and uncover the secrets of the Federation ship.

</doc>
<doc id="18651460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651460" title="Publicly traded private equity">
Publicly traded private equity

Publicly traded private equity (also referred to as publicly quoted private equity or publicly listed private equity) refers to an investment firm or investment vehicle, which makes investments conforming to one of the various private equity strategies, and is listed on a public stock exchange.
There are fundamentally two separate opportunities that private equity firms pursued in the public markets. These options involved a public listing of either:
Business Development Companies.
Historically, in the United States, there had been a group of publicly traded private equity firms that were registered as business development companies (BDCs) under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
Typically, BDCs are structured similar to real estate investment trusts (REITs) in that the BDC structure reduces or eliminates corporate income tax. In return, REITs are required to distribute 95% of their income, which may be taxable to its investors. 
As of the end of 2008, among the largest BDCs (by market value, excluding Apollo Investment Corp, discussed elsewhere) are: American Capital Strategies (), Ares Capital Corp. (), BlackRock Kelso Capital Corp, Gladstone Investment Corp () and Kohlberg Capital Corp ().
Venture Capital Trusts.
A Venture Capital Trust or VCT is a highly tax efficient UK closed-end collective investment scheme designed to provide capital finance for small expanding companies and capital gains for investors. VCTs are companies listed on the London Stock Exchange, which invest in other companies which are not themselves listed.
First introduced by the Conservative government in the Finance Act, 1995 they have proved to be much less risky than originally anticipated. The last created VCTs to encourage investment into new UK businesses.
History.
Although there had previously been certain instances of publicly traded private equity vehicles, the convergence of private equity and the public equity markets attracted significantly greater attention when several of the largest private equity firms pursued various options through the public markets. Taking private equity firms and private equity funds public appeared an unusual move since private equity funds often buy public companies listed on exchange and then take them private. Private equity firms are rarely subject to the quarterly reporting requirements of the public markets and tout this independence to prospective sellers as a key advantage of going private.
Blackstone Group IPO.
On March 22, 2007, the Blackstone Group filed with the SEC to raise $4 billion in an initial public offering. On June 21, Blackstone swapped a 12.3% stake in its ownership for $4.13 billion in the largest U.S. IPO since 2002. Traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BX, Blackstone priced at $31 per share on June 22, 2007.
KKR Private Equity.
In May 2006, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts raised $5 billion in an initial public offering for a new permanent investment vehicle (KKR Private Equity Investors or KPE) listing it on the Euronext exchange in Amsterdam (ENXTAM: KPE). KKR raised more than three times what it had expected at the outset as many of the investors in KPE were hedge funds seeking exposure to private equity but could not make long term commitments to private equity funds. Because private equity had been booming in the preceding years, the proposition of investing in a KKR fund appeared attractive to certain investors.
However, KPE's first-day performance was lackluster, trading down 1.7% and trading volume was limited. Initially, a handful of other private equity firms and hedge funds had planned to follow KKR's lead but shelved those plans when KPE's performance continued to falter after its IPO. KPE's stock declined from an IPO price of €25 per share to €18.16 (a 27% decline) at the end of 2007 and a low of €11.45 (a 54.2% decline) per share in Q1 2008. KPE disclosed in May 2008 that it had completed approximately $300 million of secondary sales of selected limited
partnership interests in and undrawn commitments to certain KKR-managed funds in order to generate liquidity and repay borrowings.
Less than two weeks after the Blackstone Group IPO, in 2007 Kohlberg Kravis Roberts filed with the SEC in July 2007 to raise $1.25 billion by selling an ownership interest in its management company. KKR had previously listed its KKR Private Equity Investors (KPE) private equity fund vehicle in 2006. The onset of the credit crunch and the shutdown of the IPO market would dampen the prospects of obtaining a valuation that would be attractive to KKR and the flotation was repeatedly postponed.
Response to private equity IPOs.
The initial public offering completed by Blackstone intensified the level of attention directed toward the private equity industry overall as media commentators focused on the large payout received by the firm's CEO Steve Schwarzman. Schwarzman received a severe backlash from both critics of the private equity industry and fellow investors in private equity. An ill-timed birthday event around the time of the IPO led various commentators to draw comparisons to the excesses of notorious executives including Bernie Ebbers (WorldCom) and Dennis Kozlowski (Tyco International). David Rubenstein, the founder of Carlyle Group remarked, "We have all wanted to be private
– at least until now. When Steve Schwarzman's biography with all the dollar signs is posted on the web site none of us will like the furor that results – and that's even if you like Rod Stewart."
Meanwhile, other private equity investors would also seek to realize a portion of the value locked into their firms. In September 2007, the Carlyle Group sold a 7.5% interest in its management company to Mubadala Development Company, which is owned by the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA) for $1.35 billion, which valued Carlyle at approximately $20 billion. Similarly, in January 2008, Silver Lake Partners sold a 9.9% stake in its management company to CalPERS for $275 million. 
Additionally, Apollo Management completed a private placement of shares in its management company in July 2007. By pursuing a private placement rather than a public offering, Apollo would be able to avoid much of the public scrutiny applied to Blackstone and KKR.
companies. The Company also invests in the securities of public companies.

</doc>
<doc id="18651470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651470" title="Al-Dustour (Egypt)">
Al-Dustour (Egypt)

Al-Dostor (also Al-Dostour and Al-Dustour) (, meaning "The Constitution", Egyptian Arabic: ), is an independent Egyptian opposition newspaper founded in December 1995 and published in Arabic. Its original editor in chief was Ibrahim Eissa, currently Esam Nabawy. The head of the newspaper's board is Reda Edouard. Started as a weekly newspaper published every Wednesday, it later came to be issued both daily and weekly. Its electronic version may be found at http://dostor.org
"Al-Dostor" and the Egyptian government.
"Al Dostor" was originally published with a registration in Cyprus in order to get around the restrictive newspaper publication laws in Egypt during the Mubarak era.
After "Al-Dostor" published a statement attributed to Islamic groups in 1998, the Egyptian Ministry of Information closed down the paper. The published statement was considered unacceptable and a potential cause of sectarian strife by the Egyptian Ministry of Information. Seven years later, on March 23, 2005, the paper was revived, initially being published every Wednesday, and since 31 March 2007 it has been issued both daily and weekly.
Since the day of its first issue, "Al-Dostor" has been harshly critical of the government, formerly that of the Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak, his family, and the former ruling party, The National Democratic Party (NDP). It was one of Egypt’s top critics of Mubarak’s 30-year rule (1981-2011) and showed sharp opposition to his son Gamal Mubarak's likely succession to power.
In 2007, "Al-Dostor's" former editor-in-chief, Ibrahim Eissa, was arrested, then freed on bail on 13 September 2007 pending an appellate court decision in a sentence of a year-long prison term and a fine of 20,000 Egyptian Pound (≈ US$ 3,800 at the time). He and three other independent Egyptian newspaper editors, Wael El Abrashy of "Sawt Al-Umma", Adel Hammouda of "Al-Fajr", and "Al-Karama's" former editor Abdel Halim Kandil, were charged with " 'insulting' the Egyptian president and publishing 'false' information likely to 'disturb' public order."
In 2008, in a separate case, Eissa was again arrested and sentenced to six months, later reduced to two months in prison, on 26 March 2008, by the Boulak Abo El Ela Court of Misdemeanor for publishing "false information concerning Mubarak's health harming public security and the country's economy" due to articles and headlines in "Al-Dostor" speculating on the health of the 80 year-old president. Governmental authorities alleged that Eissa's articles caused a withdrawal of foreign investment in the Egyptian economy equivalent to US$ 350 million. Eissa was freed, a second time, on bail of 200 EP (≈ US$ 37 at the time) to hold off on implementation of the verdict until another appeal.
On October 6, 2008, Mubarak announced that he would pardon Eissa, the first time that such a pardon had been issued in the history of the modern Egyptian press. "Al-Dustor" praised the pardon in its pages and asked the president to honor his promise to cancel custodial sentences in cases of publication.
The paper has continued its opposition role under new President Mohamed Morsy. In September 2012, its former editor-in-chief, Islam Afify, was charged by a Cairo court with "defaming the president" and "harming the public interest with 'inflammatory' articles'" and his travel privileges were revoked. "Al-Dostor" frequently criticized the Muslim Brotherhood, accusing it of intentions to make Egypt an Islamic state. Afify was jailed temporarily but later released due to the new president's decision to end pretrial detention for journalists. 
However, Afify ultimately resigned as editor-in-chief, claiming "continued editorial interference from the owners." The paper was purchased by Wafd Party president and businessman, Al-Sayed al-Badawy, after which Chief Editor Ibrahim Eissa was fired. He has since been replaced by Esam Nabawy.
At the time of Mubarak's departure (February 2011), Al-Dostor was the fifth largest daily newspaper in Egypt, with a daily edition selling 45,0000 and weekly edition selling 85,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="18651475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651475" title="Machacalis">
Machacalis

Machacalis is a Brazilian municipality located in the northeast of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 6,855 living in a total area of 329 km². The city belongs to the statistical mesoregion of Vale do Mucuri and to the statistical microregion of Nanuque. It became a municipality in 1954. 
Machacalis is located at an elevation of 285 metres 18 kilometres west of the state boundary with Bahia. The nearest major population centre is Teófilo Otoni. The population lived mainly in the rural areas.
The distance to Teófilo Otoni is 210 km; and the distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 636 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Águas Formosas, Fronteira dos Vales, Santa Helena de Minas, Bertópolis, Umburatiba and Crisólita. 
The main economic activities are services, and subsistence agriculture. The GDP in 2005 was R$23 million, with 15 million from services, 1 million from industry, and 5 million from agriculture. There were 308 rural producers on 27,000 hectares of land. Only 11 farms had tractors (2006). 4,000 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops were coconuts, sugarcane, beans, and corn. There were 33,000 head of cattle (2006). There was 1 bank (2007) and 270 automobiles (235 motorcycles), giving a ratio of 25 inhabitants per automobile. 
The social indicators rank it in the bottom tier of municipalities in the state.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country--0,467--putting it in last place.
There were 3 health clinics and 1 hospital with 58 beds (2006). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Teófilo Otoni. Educational needs were met by 5 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 2 pre-primary schools. 

</doc>
<doc id="18651477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651477" title="Tikjda">
Tikjda

Tikjda is a ski resort located in a mountain range named Djurdjura, north of Algeria, with an altitude of 1,600 metres (5,250 feet), in the province of Bouïra.
In the summers, Tikjda offers walks, rock climbing and many short excursions, with places like Point de vue du Djurdjura and Gouffre de l'Akouker. The area around Tikjda has many peaks and hillsides covered with cedar forests.
The Mediterranean Sea can be spotted on clear days.

</doc>
<doc id="18651481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651481" title="Port Talbot bus station">
Port Talbot bus station

Port Talbot bus station is an 8-stand bus station situated in the town centre of Port Talbot, South Wales. It is adjacent to the Aberavon Shopping Centre. 
The station is served by local services to the surrounding communities and Neath Port Talbot Hospital by First Cymru. First Cymru also operate inter-urban services to nearby Neath and Swansea and services to Bridgend and Cardiff further away. It is served by National Express services to London and Birmingham to the east; and Swansea, Llanelli, Carmarthen and Haverfordwest to the west. 
The bus station building is a single-storey structure with seating and lighting, as well as a manned First Cymru information desk during office hours. There are also WC facilities, as well as a disabled toilet that can be accessed using a Radar key. The exterior features 8 bays, room for buses to manoeuvre and parking spaces for out of service buses and staff cars. The bus station is maintained by Neath Port Talbot County Borough Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18651509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651509" title="K. C. Jones (American football)">
K. C. Jones (American football)

Kirk Cameron Jones (born March 28, 1974) is a former American football center for the Denver Broncos from 1997-2000. Played college football at the University of Miami from 1993-1996 at the position of Center. Jones was inducted into the University of Miami Sports Hall of Fame 2008.
Jones was interviewed about his time at the University of Miami for the documentary "The U", which premiered December 12, 2009 on ESPN.

</doc>
<doc id="18651517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651517" title="Mario Carotenuto">
Mario Carotenuto

Mario Carotenuto (June 29, 1915 - April 14, 1995) was an Italian actor of theatre and cinema. 
Carotenuto, the son of an actor of silent films, got various jobs, even humble, for many years before starting his artistic career in 1946, first as a radio actor and then joining some small companies of avanspettacolo. He made his film debut in 1950, in "Abbiamo vinto", then he took part in dozens of films, often comedies, sometimes as leading actor. He was also very active on stage and in television.
He died in Rome in 1995. He was the younger brother of the actor Memmo Carotenuto.

</doc>
<doc id="18651521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651521" title="South West Challenge Cup">
South West Challenge Cup

The South West Challenge Cup is an annual pre-season football tournament, held in North Devon, England in July and hosted by various non-league clubs in the area. Twenty-four clubs have participated in the tournament since its inception. It is currently known as the Joma South West Challenge Cup under a sponsorship deal with the sportswear company Joma. 
The inaugural tournament took in July 2008 and was originally sponsored by Erreà in 2008 and 2009. The first winners were Eastleigh. The current champions are Blackpool.
Rules.
In the group stage matches, each half lasts 40 minutes, before reverting to the standard 45 minutes for the knockout stages. The tournament features an unconventional points system through the group stages, which the tournament organisers state is ""designed to encourage attacking football"". 
2010 Tournament.
This year's tournament was sponsored by Spanish sportswear company Joma, who took over from Errea as the competition sponsor. There were five host clubs – Barnstaple Town (Mill Road, Barnstaple), ' (Sports Ground, Bideford), ' (Upcott Field, Holsworthy), Ilfracombe Town (Marlborough Park, Ilfracombe) and Torrington (Vicarage Field, Great Torrington).
The tournament consisted of thirteen teams playing to the usual format. All of the clubs were English, apart from Scottish side Kilmarnock. For the first time, the competition featured a Premier League club, Blackpool, who were promoted having won the 2010 Football League Championship play-off Final at the end of the season.
The thirteen teams were entered into a draw for the tournament which took place on 14 June 2010. The competition started on 19 July with the final being played on 25 July. 
2009 tournament.
The 2009 tournament took place from 13 to 19 July and was expanded to twelve sides divided into four groups. There are five host clubs – Appledore (Marshford, Appledore), Barnstaple Town (Mill Road, Barnstaple), Bideford (Sports Ground Bideford), Ilfracombe Town (Marlborough Park, Ilfracombe) and Torrington (Vicarage Field, Great Torrington.
2008 winners Eastleigh returned to defend the trophy. They were joined by five Football League sides – Championship side Blackpool; Exeter City and Wycombe Wanderers who, in the 2008–09 season, finished 2nd and 3rd respectively in League Two and won promotion to League One; fellow League One side Yeovil Town, as well as League Two outfit Grimsby Town. There were two Conference National sides – Luton Town, who finished bottom of League Two in 2008–09 and so were relegated, and Rushden & Diamonds. From North Devon, three sides – Barnstaple Town and Bideford, who took part in the 2008 tournament, were joined by Ilfracombe Town of the Western Football League Premier Division. The final entrant was Belgian lower league side, Montegnée.
The teams were divided into four groups of three with each side playing each other once in the group stage. The winners of each group then meet in the semi-finals. However, the Group A game between Exeter City and Eastleigh, and the Group C game between Wycombe Wanderers and Luton Town on 17 July were cancelled due to waterlogged pitches at Bideford and Appledore, resulting in Exeter and Luton winning their groups, as there was insufficient time to re-arrange either match, with the semi-finals the next day.
Grimsby refused to play in the final due to fixture congestion and safety concerns over a 6:00PM kick-off time, and no compromise with the tournament organisers could be reached. As a result, Belgian club Montegnée, originally knocked out in the group stages, were invited to play in the final at Grimsby's expense. Luton went on to win the 2009 South West Challenge Cup with a 3–1 victory over Montegnée. 
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Final.
Grimsby Town withdrew due to fixture congestion and safety issues, Montegnée were invited to take their place in the final
2008 tournament.
There were three host clubs four the tournament – Appledore (Marshford, Appledore), Barnstaple Town (Mill Road, Barnstaple) and (Sports Ground, Bideford). Eight sides entered, and played eleven matches over the course of six days. Although there were four teams in each group, each side played only two of the other sides in the group rather than all three.
The eight clubs that entered the inaugural tournament were:

</doc>
<doc id="18651545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651545" title="Let the Season Take Wing">
Let the Season Take Wing

"Let the Season Take Wing" is a 1992 Christmas music single by Christian music/Pop music singer-songwriter Amy Grant. The single was released only on cassette tape and was sold exclusively in Target stores during the 1992 Christmas season. The single was available free with any purchase of Grant's 1992 "Home for Christmas" album.
The song is similar in style and sound to the other original compositions on "Home for Christmas" and is considered by some to be a "thirteenth track" of sorts for that album. The album artwork for the single appears to be from the same photo session as that for the Christmas album. Though the song was released as a single, A&M Records did not turn much attention to promoting the song, as it was a Target exclusive. Target promoted the song instead. This song was written by Robert E. Irving & Kevin Quinn.
Grant worked as a spokesperson for Target on various promotional campaigns and charity projects during the 1980s, 1990s, and early 2000s. She frequently contributes to the Target House charity. Grant's involvement with Target met some controversy when some in her Christian music fan base disapproved of Target's association with Planned Parenthood.
Grant had previously recorded a song titled "Love Makes You Real" for a 1989 Target Christmas television commercial. However, that song was never made available for retail, in Target stores or elsewhere. Grant would later release Target-exclusive singles to promote her 1997 album, "Behind the Eyes". Likewise, she released a Target-exclusive edition of her 1999 holiday album, "A Christmas to Remember", which included a bonus track: Grant's cover of "Merry Christmas, Darling".
"Let the Season Take Wing" has never been released on the CD format. When the single was released, Grant owned a great deal of her own songs (a rarity in the modern music industry) but was simultaneously represented by two record labels (another rarity in the industry). A&M Records distributed her music to mainstream pop radio and retailers, while Word Records distributed her music to Christian radio and retailers. In 2007, Grant left both labels and took all of the music that she owns herself, as well as most of the music still owned by either A&M or Word, to EMI Records. EMI took the opportunity presented by their new record deal with Amy Grant to issue new, digitally remastered editions of the artist's albums and new compilations of her hit songs.
It is not clear whether EMI now owns "Let the Season Take Wing" or whether the song remains the property of either A&M Records or Amy Grant herself. In September 2008, EMI released a new Amy Grant holiday compilation entitled "The Christmas Collection". EMI issued a preliminary track listing for that release in July 2008 but noted that it was not final, leading to speculation and a fan campaign directed at "Let the Season Take Wing" appearing in remastered form on the compilation. The final album released by EMI, however, did not contain the song.

</doc>
<doc id="18651559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651559" title="Rules of Engagement (Star Trek novel)">
Rules of Engagement (Star Trek novel)

Rules of Engagement is a "" novel written by Peter Morwood and published by Pocket Books in 1990.
Plot.
James T. Kirk is sent to assist in the evacuation of Federation personnel from the crisis-wracked planet of Dekkanar. He is ordered to only participate in the evacuation, not to even raise shields or fire weapons. The situation becomes complicated when Captain Kasak takes an experimental Klingon warship to the planet as well
The novel also offers an alternate explanation, via Kasak's viewpoint, of why Klingons' facial features have changed over the years.
Reception.
The novel entered the "New York Times" Best Seller list for paperbacks at #13 on February 4, 1990. The book moved up to #10 the following week (with a note that its sales were indistinguishable from the #9 book). The book peaked at #8 in the February 18, 1990, listing before slipping back to #13 on February 25, 1990, and falling off the list after that.

</doc>
<doc id="18651561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651561" title="IFBB Professional League">
IFBB Professional League

IFBB Professional League is a series of bodybuilding and fitness and figure competition events (collectively known as the "season") open to athletes accredited as professionals by the International Federation of BodyBuilding & Fitness. With its background in Mr. Olympia introduced in 1965 as the first IFBB professional competition, the series took its current name in 2005 when the IFBB Professional Division officially changed its name.
History of the IFBB Professional League.
First Mr. Olympia was held in 1965 and, in 1975, Arnold Schwarzenegger was named chairman of the first Professional Committee. In 1977, the movie “Pumping Iron”, starring Arnold and Lou Ferrigno, was released. In 1978, Bill Pearl became the first Professional Judging Director. The first Night of Champions was held in New York City.
In 1980, Joe Weider created the Mr. Olympia and the Grand Prix series of competitions were organized throughout the USA and eventually, Europe and Australia/New Zealand. Oscar State (O.B.E.) created the first Professional Rules and Code of Ethics. In 1982, IFBB professional bodybuilding was officially managed by a “Professional Liaison Officer”. In 1986, this title was changed to “Director, Professional Committee”. In 1987, IFBB professional bodybuilding was restructured and became the “IFBB Professional Division”, which was headed by an IFBB Vice President. In 1989, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jim Lorimer teamed up to create the Arnold Classic. In 1990, John Balik created the Iron Man Pro Invitational. 
Fitness & figure competition.
In 1995, Joe Weider created the Fitness Olympia and, in 2003, the Figure Olympia.
Bikini Olympia was inaugurated in 2010.
Progress.
In 1965, Joe and Ben Weider created IFBB professional Bodybuilding (and later, professional Fitness and Figure) as a way for elite amateur athletes to further their competitive career and to earn money. In 1966, Larry Scott received $1,000 for his Mr. Olympia win. In 2006, there were over 40 IFBB professional competitions and the total prize money topped 1.6 million dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="18651588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651588" title="Lynn Culbreath Noel">
Lynn Culbreath Noel

Lynn Culbreath Noel (born January 9, 1926 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an African-American news reporter. 
Although born in Philadelphia, the Culbreath family moved to Norristown, Pennsylvania shortly after her birth. 
After matriculating from Rittenhouse High School, she graduated from Meharry Medical College in Nashville, Tennessee and the University of Denver. She married Andrew J. Noel, Jr. in 1945, giving birth to two daughters and one son.
Hired by KMGH, Channel 7 as a news reporter in 1965, she was promoted to Public Affairs Director and transferred to Channel 7’s affiliate in Bakersfield, California in 1973, remaining with the station until her retirement in 1996. Mrs. Noel has been awarded numerous times for her in-depth documentaries.
In the 1970s, she became the first African-American female news reporter to appear on a Denver television station.
Mrs. Noel is the sister of summer Olympic bronze medal winner Josh Culbreath, and sister-in-law of Gladys Noel Bates and Rachel Bassette Noel, and currently resides in Denver, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="18651600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651600" title="Grete Frische">
Grete Frische

Grete Frische (15 June 1911 – 17 August 1962) was a Danish actress, screenwriter and director. The daughter of a playwright, Frische is best known for her screenplays, especially the war drama "Støt står den danske sømand" (English: "The Viking Watch of the Danish Seaman") which received the 1949 Bodil Award for Best Danish Film. During a short career of less than 24 years, Frische wrote 22 produced screenplays including five of the popular "Far til Fire" (English: "Father of Four") family comedies and two adaptations of Morten Korch novels.
Early life.
Frische was born in Copenhagen, Denmark, the daughter of the actor and playwright Axel Frische and Christine Jørgine Christensen. In accordance with her father's wishes, Frische began her career by studying English and History at Bedford, England rather than attending theater school. While studying in England, she met a young Burmese student, whom she married, and moved to Mandalay and Rangoon. Before the outbreak of World War II, she divorced her husband, became ill, and returned home to Denmark.
Career.
Shortly after her return in 1938, Frische made her stage debut at Det Ny Teater as Fedosia in "Opstandelse" under the direction of her father. Her theater talents were evident and she was engaged in roles at the Betty Nansen and Rialto Theaters in Copenhagen. She completed an education as a dramatist and film director at ASA and Nordisk Film companies, where she was a director's assistant to Benjamin Christensen and Emanuel Gregers, and in May 1943 she arrived at the newly established Saga Studio as a writer and film director. Frische wrote novellas and radio plays and the book "Vejen til Mandaley" (The Road to Mandalay), however her dramatic talent was seen best through her screenplays. Beginning in May 1945, Frische became a freelance screenwriter, working mostly for ASA Film for whom she wrote five of the "Far til fire" ("Father of Four") family comedies. She also adapted two Morten Korch novels for the screen: "Fløjtespilleren" and "Flintesønnerne". In 1948, Frische wrote the true war drama "The Viking Watch of the Danish Seaman" ("Støt står den danske sømand") which she based upon the wartime diary of Kaj Frische. The film received critical acclaim and won the 1949 Bodil Award for Best Danish Film.
In the 1940s, Frische also directed several of her own stories including "Kriminalassistant Bloch" ("Detective Bloch"), "En ny dag gryr" ("A New Day Dawns") and "Så mødes vi hos Tove" ("We Meet at Tove's"). She also performed on screen as well as in Cabaret theater shows. In the 1940s, Frische also popularized the comedy character of Snøvle-Sofie which she performed for a weekly radio program. The character was often transferred to Frische's films as a whining, but tough gossip, such as the surly housemaid she played in "We Meet at Tove's".
In 1959, Frische was scheduled to perform in the film "Eventyr på Mallorca" ("Adventure on Mallorca"), but shortly after her arrival in Palma Frische became ill and needed to return home. After a long illness, she wrote a film about her life in the hospital. Frische died at the age of 51. In a career which spanned less than 24 years, Frische produced 22 screenplays, performed in 10 movies, and directed 4 films.

</doc>
<doc id="18651605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651605" title="Pastors and Masters">
Pastors and Masters

Pastors and Masters is a short novel by Ivy Compton-Burnett published in 1925. Set in the present in an old English university town, it is about two academics with literary pretensions and the small circle of family and friends surrounding them.
Plot summary.
70-year-old Nicholas Herrick owns and heads a small day school for 10- to 14-year-old boys in the vicinity of his old alma mater but only spends ten minutes a day at the school to read prayers in the morning. The school is run by Charles Merry, a 50-year-old man without a degree who has become a schoolmaster out of financial necessity. Married with four young daughters, he does his best to keep up appearances and make parents believe—mainly on Herrick's behalf—that they are sending their sons to the right school, despite their inadequate equipment and their motley staff of only four: Merry himself; his wife (known as Mother), a mother figure as unqualified to teach as her husband; Miss Basden, an unmarried middle-aged schoolmistress with slight feminist tendencies; and Mr Burgess, a very young and inexperienced graduate.
Herrick, who lives together with his unmarried sister Emily, deplores the fact that he has never got round to writing a novel, which in his eyes would make him a "real author". As a matter of fact, his lack of talent has prevented him from ever having a book published, and so he keeps spending his days idling in his study. When a very old don dies and Herrick helps clear out his rooms he finds the typescript of a short novel which he believes the deceased academic has written. He steals it and claims that he has had a sudden inspiration for his long-due book. At about the same time Richard Bumpus, a don and a friend of the Herricks, announces his intention to publish a short novel, a complete rewriting of the book he authored as a young man and the only copy of which, as he found it of inferior quality and thus inadequate for publication, he asked William Masson, a friend and colleague, to bury in someone's grave.
The night Herrick and Bumpus want to give a reading from their respective works in progress Masson surprises everyone by stating that he has actually kept, and read, Bumpus's youthful foray into fiction and that he is looking forward to comparing the two versions. When the two authors discover that their first sentences are identical it becomes clear that neither of them has written anything recently and that the only novel which ever existed is Bumpus's early work.

</doc>
<doc id="18651610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651610" title="Castles in Tyne and Wear">
Castles in Tyne and Wear

There are four castles in Tyne and Wear, a metropolitan county in North East England. One is a gatehouse, one is a keep, one is an enclosure and one is an artillery fort.
All four of Tyne and Wear's castles are Scheduled Ancient Monuments. A Scheduled Ancient Monument is a "nationally important" archaeological site or historic building, given protection against unauthorised change.
The purpose of a castle was not simply militaristic, but was also considered to be a stamp of authority over the population of an area and a status symbol. Some would have acted as centres of trade and administration for a manor. The earliest castle in Tyne and Wear is Tynemouth Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="18651613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651613" title="List of Major League Baseball players with 2,500 games played">
List of Major League Baseball players with 2,500 games played

This is the list of Major League Baseball players who have played in at least 2,500 games in their career.

</doc>
<doc id="18651617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651617" title="Ronald Green (Dominican politician)">
Ronald Green (Dominican politician)

Ronald Milner Green is a Dominican politician who has served as the head of the United Workers' Party (UWP). In that capacity, Green was also the Leader of the Opposition of Dominica from 2005 until 2009, when he lost his seat in the House of Assembly in the general election. Green is now serving in the Assembly as an appointed senator.
Career.
Green holds a B.S. Degree in Health and Physical Education from the City College of New York, a MA in Education from Manhattan College in addition to pre-doctoral level studies at Columbia University. He was employed by various local NGOs before he first entered Parliament as MP for the La Plaine consistuency in the 1995 general election. 
From 1995 to February 2000 Green served as Minister of Education, Sports and Youth Affairs in the UWP administration. He was re-elected as Member of Parliament for La Plaine in 2000 and 2005. In 2006 he became deputy leader of the UWP. Following the resignation of Earl Williams he became the Political Leader. On August 8, 2008, he was sworn-in as Leader of the Opposition. 
In the 2009 general election, Green had been declared the winner by two votes, but an official recount the morning after the election instead determined that he lost his seat by two votes. Overall, the UWP's representation in parliament fell from seven seats to three. Green and the UWP have challenged his loss in court, as well as the results of four other UWP candidates. He acknowledged having still been a United States citizen on Nomination Day, but renounced his U.S. nationality prior to Election Day. Most of the petitions have since been dismissed, including Green's challenge to his lost seat.) On 5 August 2010, Green was appointed as a senator by the new Opposition Leader, Hector John. Green was replaced by Edison James as political leader of the UWP at its January 2012 convention; Green was elected as a trustee of the party.

</doc>
<doc id="18651631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651631" title="Classified Information Procedures Act">
Classified Information Procedures Act

The Classified Information Procedures Act or (CIPA, through ), is codified as the third appendix to Title
18 of the U.S. Code, the title concerning crimes and criminal procedures. The U.S. Code citation is 18 U.S.C. App. III. Sections 1-16.
Legislative Revision History.
The hidden table below lists the acts of Congress that affected the Classified Information Procedures Act directly. The years in which the legislative revisions were made appear in bold text preceding the Public Laws that enacted them. The links to the "codification" and "section notes" may provide additional information about the legislative changes as well.
Purpose.
The primary purpose of CIPA was to limit the practice of graymail by criminal defendants in possession of sensitive government secrets. "Gray mail" refers to the threat by a criminal defendant to disclose classified information during the course of a trial. The gray mailing defendant essentially presented the government with a "dilemma": either allowed disclosure of the classified information or dismiss the indictment.
The procedural protections of CIPA protect unnecessary disclosure of classified information. 
CIPA was not intended to infringe on a defendant's right to a fair trial or to change the existing rules of evidence in criminal procedure, and largely codified the power of district courts to come to pragmatic accommodations of the government's secrecy interests with the traditional right of public access to criminal proceedings. Courts therefore did not radically alter their practices with the passage of CIPA; instead, the Act simply made it clear that the measures courts already were taking under their inherent case-management powers were permissible.
CIPA, by its terms, covers only criminal cases. CIPA only applies when classified information is involved, as defined in the Act's Section 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18651632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651632" title="Glen Andrews">
Glen Andrews

Glen or Glenn Andrews may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18651641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651641" title="Projekt TYTAN">
Projekt TYTAN

The ISW Tytan (Polish: Indywidualny System Walki Tytan "Individual Warfare System Titan") is a Polish Future Soldier military project. The project started in 2006 and is currently in its first stage of development. 
First Polish industry proposal of the new battle gear has been shown on 2008 Future Soldier Fair in Czech Republic. The soldier modernization program developed by Bumar Group is called "Ułan 21"("Uhlan 21")
Tests.
Elements of battle gear will be tested by Zintegrowana Grupa Bojowa (Integrated Battle Group).
Group consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="18651652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651652" title="Greater East Asia Railroad">
Greater East Asia Railroad

Greater East Asia Railroad (大東亜縦貫鉄道 "Daitoa Jyukan Tetsudo") was an idea for a railroad linking Japan with the Asian mainland and Europe, formulated in 1938 during the Second Sino-Japanese War leading to World War II. Part of the plan included a tunnel or bridge somewhat similar to the more recent Japan-Korea Undersea Tunnel proposal. 
References.
" Bibliography "

</doc>
<doc id="18651655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651655" title="Mike Vilimek">
Mike Vilimek

Mike Vilimek (born January 5, 1979) was a professional Canadian football player who is currently retired. Vilimek played the fullback position. During the offseasons, Vilimek held marketing and business development positions at Ballard Power Systems, Protexis Inc., and Serebra Learning Corp. He has also held leadership positions at ACL (software), Talent Technology, and Oracle Corporation.
Early years.
Vilimek was born in Vancouver and played tailback and linebacker in high school at Windsor Secondary School in North Vancouver, British Columbia. Following high school, Vilimek attended Simon Fraser University located in Burnaby. As a tailback, Vilimek set school records for most rushing yards in a single game (315) versus Humboldt State on November 3, 2001, and most rushing yards in a single season (1,187) in 2001. Vilimek was also named SFU’s athlete of the year in 2001.
He graduated with a bachelor's degree in business with a focus on marketing and international business.
Professional career.
Vilimek was invited to a mini-camp with the San Francisco 49ers but did not sign with the team. Vilimek was drafted in the first round (2nd overall) of the CFL Draft by the Ottawa Renegades in 2002. Vilimek was transferred to fullback and played on special teams for 3 seasons with Ottawa from 2002 to 2004. As a free agent, Vilimek signed with the Montreal Alouettes in 2005. In his first season in Montreal, Vilimek scored 5 touchdowns and lead the team in special teams tackles.
Vilimek tore his ACL in a game versus the Toronto Argonauts on July 26, 2007, and missed the remainder of the season.
On December 11, 2008, Vilimek was released along with Jeff Keeping.

</doc>
<doc id="18651665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651665" title="Gérard Huet">
Gérard Huet

Gérard Pierre Huet (born July 7, 1947) is a French computer scientist.
Biography.
Gérard Huet graduated from the Université Denis Diderot (Paris VII), Case Western Reserve University, and the Université de Paris.
His specialities are software architecture, design of programming languages and of proof assistants, project management, and international relations.
He is senior research director at INRIA, a member of the French Academy of Sciences, and a member of Academia Europaea. Formerly he was a Visiting Professor at Asian Institute of Technology in Bangkok, a Visiting Professor at Carnegie-Mellon University, and a Guest Researcher at SRI International.
He was the author of a unification algorithm for simply typed lambda calculus, and of a complete proof method for Church's theory of types (Constrained Resolution). He worked on the Mentor program editor in 1974–1977 with Gilles Kahn. He worked on the KB equational proof system in 1978–1984 with Jean-Marie Hullot. He led the Formel project in the 1980s, which developed the Caml programming language. He designed the Calculus of Constructions in 1984 with Thierry Coquand. He led the Coq project in the 1990s with Christine Paulin, who developed the Coq proof assistant. He invented the Zipper data structure in 1996. He was Head of International Relations for INRIA in 1996–2000. He designed the Zen Computational Linguistics toolkit in 2000–2004. 
He organized the Institute of Logical Foundations of Functional Programming during the Year of Programming at the University of Texas in Austin in Spring 1987. He organised the Colloquium “Proving and Improving Programs’’ in Arc et Senans in 1975, the 5th International Conference on Automated Deduction (CADE) in Les Arcs in 1980, the Logic in Computer Science Symposium (LICS) in Paris in 1994, and the First International Symposium in Sanskrit Computational Linguistics in 2007. He was coordinator of the ESPRIT European projects Logical Frameworks, then TYPES, from 1990 to 1995.
He has made major contributions to the theory of unification and to the development of typed functional programming languages, in particular CAML. More recently he has been a scholar on computational linguistics in Sanskrit. In particular, he is working on Eilenberg machines and on the formal structure of Sanskrit. He is webmaster of the Sanskrit Heritage Site.

</doc>
<doc id="18651687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651687" title="Fitzsimons">
Fitzsimons

Fitzsimons (also spelled FitzSimons, Fitzsimmons or FitzSimmons) is an Irish surname of Norman origin. The Gaelicisation of this surname is Mac Síomóin. 
The name "FitzSymons" and its pre-standardization variants (Fitzsimons, Fitzsimmons, Fitz-Simons, etc.) is not a sept, or clan, name, but rather an individual patronymic passed down through various, yet discreet, colonial families arriving at different times in Irish history. Some families "went native" during the Gaelic revival of the 14th and 15th centuries, and many refused to endorse the Protestant Reformation. Others became important members of the Protestant Ascendancy and its supporting mittelstand. Two distinct families can be identified: those who arrived when the surname was first recorded in Ireland in 1177, attached to an adventurer seeking swordlands in Ulster, known as Sir John de Courcy of Carrickfergus Castle, earl of Ulster. These Fitzsimons are now native to the east-central seaboard of Ulster, in Lecale, Ards and Down. 
In 1323, a junior member of the Fitzsymons' of Simonshide, Herefordshire, settled in Dublin. This family is thought to be distinct from the Ulster Fitzsimons. Settling in Dublin, and the north and south reaches of Dublin County, they expanded into Meath, Westmeath, King's and Queen's County of the central English Pale. This branch may have been the root of the Wexford Fitzsimons family which produced a Signer of the Declaration of Independence (or the Wexford family may have sprung from a Norman adverturer arriving with Strongbow). Of the Pale Fitzsimons, it is thought discret branches settled at Tullynally, County Meath, the line of Sir William Johnson and 'went' native by intermarrying with the O'Reillys and MacMahons of south central Ulster. These are generally the families now with ties to County Cavan and County Longford. 
The English family which sent its youngest son to Dublin in1323 died out in the name, only the Irish branch now survives. The name "Fitzsimons" is quite common in England itself. These originating in Norfolk, Lincolnshire and Nottinghamshire are thought to be Scandinavian and of the "genere Danus", as the area was settled by Danish Vikings and predate the Norman invasion in 1066 AD.

</doc>
<doc id="18651694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651694" title="Dennis Hawkins">
Dennis Hawkins

He finished his league career at Newport.

</doc>
<doc id="18651698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651698" title="Gacaca, Living Together Again In Rwanda?">
Gacaca, Living Together Again In Rwanda?

Gacaca, Living Together Again In Rwanda? is the first documentary film in a trilogy by Anne Aghion examining the aftermath of the Rwandan Genocide. Directed by Anne Aghion and produced by Dominant 7, Gacaca Productions, and Planète, this 2002 film won UNESCO's Fellini Prize. Filmed in Rwanda, the language of "Gacaca" is Kinyarwanda with English subtitles. In Kinyarwanda, "gacaca" means "grass", which was the location of the reparation trials in Rwanda.
Plot.
The first film in this award-winning trilogy ventures into the rural heart of the African nation of Rwanda. Follow the first steps in one of the world’s boldest experiments in reconciliation: the Gacaca (Ga-CHA-cha) Tribunals. These are a new form of citizen-based justice aimed at unifying this country of 8 million people after the 1994 genocide which claimed over 800,000 lives in 100 days. While world attention is focused on the unfolding procedures, award-winning documentarian Anne Aghion bypasses the usual interviews with politicians and international aid workers, skips the statistics, and goes directly to the emotional core of the story, talking one-on-one with survivors and accused killers alike. In this powerful, compassionate and insightful film, with almost no narration, and using only original footage, she captures first-hand how ordinary people struggle to find a future after cataclysm.

</doc>
<doc id="18651705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651705" title="KOFM (FM)">
KOFM (FM)

KOFM (103.1 FM) is a radio station based in Enid, Oklahoma. The station goes under the moniker as "Continuous Country Favorites".
History.
The heritage KOFM call letters were on an Oklahoma City Top 40 station on 104.1. Audio from this era can be found at http://radiowavesokc.dyndns.org/DISK%201/airchecks/KOFM/ . KOFM dropped its format in 1986 to become AC "Magic 104" KMGL. The owners of Enid station KUAL (short for "Quality Radio") saw a local opportunity for a better callsign, and switched their station from beautiful music to a top 40 format—and applied for the recently abandoned KOFM call letters. KOFM launched with the slogan "Maximum Music".
KOFM original on-air talent was JJ Scott in mornings, Frank Baker in Afternoons, also Keith Hillyard and J. Curtis Huckleberry. Beyond those day parts, much of KOFM was automated. A much more diverse mix of Top 40 music before the flip to the current Contemporary Country format in the early 90s.
In the late 1980s, KOFM became the most popular radio station in NW Oklahoma as its "ski-shirts" were seen all over. The station's "Maximum Music Machine" remote broadcast vehicle could be found throughout NW Oklahoma.
As stated in the early 1990s, 103.1 KOFM switched to Contemporary Country as it remains today. Live and Local community driven in which it is one of two live and local on-air stations (KGWA-AM is the other) serving Enid and the surrounding area reaching into 14 counties. The other stations serving the market are run by Citadel Media/ABC Radio Networks.
Alan Clepper took over in the mornings and duties of Program Director in 1999. The KOFM Morning Show which is known as "Clepper in the Mornings" is rated by Arbitron as #1 in AM Drive in NW Oklahoma. 103.1 KOFM "Continuous Country Favorites" has remained live and local, and is the most listened to radio station in Enid and Garfield County according to Arbitron. J. Curtis Huckleberry is still a staple in the community and is News Director for KOFM and its sister station, News Talk 960 KGWA. Both Alan and J. Curtis have been recognized by the Oklahoma Association of Broadcasters as "Personality of the Year" as well as nationally with "Radio Ink" magazine. 103.1 KOFM has been recognized as "Station of the Year" by the Oklahoma Association of Broadcasters and a finalist as "Small Market Station of the Year" by Radio Ink magazine. Both 103.1 KOFM and AM 960 KGWA are owned by Williams Broadcasting. Daniel J. Smith, is the General Manager of Williams Broadcasting. Cheryl Myatt is the General Sales Manager of KOFM.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18651728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651728" title="List of Australian heads of government by time in office">
List of Australian heads of government by time in office


</doc>
<doc id="18651732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651732" title="Coherence (signal processing)">
Coherence (signal processing)

The spectral coherence is a statistic that can be used to examine the relation between two signals or data sets. It is commonly used to estimate the power transfer between input and output of a linear system. If the signals are ergodic, and the system function linear, it can be used to "estimate" the causality between the input and output.
Definition and Formulation.
The coherence (sometimes called magnitude-squared coherence) between two signals x(t) and y(t) is a real-valued function that is defined as:
where Gxy is the cross-spectral density between x and y, and Gxx and Gyy the autospectral density of x and y respectively. The magnitude of the spectral density is denoted as |G|. Given the restrictions noted above (ergodicity, linearity) the coherence function estimates the extent to which y(t) may be predicted from x(t) by an optimum linear least squares function.
Values of coherence will always satisfy formula_2. For an "ideal" constant parameter linear system with a single input x(t) and single output y(t), the coherence will be equal to one. To see this, consider a linear system with an impulse response h(t) defined as: formula_3, where * denotes convolution. In the Fourier domain this equation becomes formula_4, where Y(f) is the Fourier transform of y(t) and H(f) is the linear system transfer function. Since, for an ideal linear system: formula_5 and formula_6, and since formula_7 is real, the following identity holds,
However, in the physical world an ideal linear system is rarely realized, noise is an inherent component of system measurement, and it is likely that a single input, single output linear system is insufficient to capture the complete system dynamics. In cases where the ideal linear system assumptions are insufficient, the Cauchy–Schwarz inequality guarantees a value of formula_9.
If Cxy is less than one but greater than zero it is an indication that either: noise is entering the measurements, that the assumed function relating x(t) and y(t) is not linear, or that y(t) is producing output due to input x(t) as well as other inputs. If the coherence is equal to zero, it is an indication that x(t) and y(t) are completely unrelated, given the constraints mentioned above.
The coherence of a linear system therefore represents the fractional part of the output signal power that is produced by the input at that frequency. We can also view the quantity formula_10 as an estimate of the fractional power of the output that is not contributed by the input at a particular frequency. This leads naturally to definition of the coherent output spectrum:
formula_12 provides a spectral quantification of the output power that is uncorrelated with noise or other inputs.
Example.
Consider the two signals shown in the lower portion of figure 1. There appears to be a close relationship between the ocean surface water levels and the groundwater well levels. It is also clear that the barometric pressure has an effect on both the ocean water levels and groundwater levels.
Figure 2. shows the autospectral density of ocean water level over a long period of time. expected, most of the energy is centered on the well-known tidal frequencies. Likewise, the autospectral density of groundwater well levels are shown in figure 3. is clear that variation of the groundwater levels have significant power at the ocean tidal frequencies. To estimate the extent at which the groundwater levels are influenced by the ocean surface levels, we compute the coherence between them. Let us assume that there is a linear relationship between the ocean surface height and the groundwater levels. We further assume that the ocean surface height controls the groundwater levels so that we take the ocean surface height as the input variable, and the groundwater well height as the output variable.
The computed coherence is shown in figure 4 (note that coherence is often denoted as formula_13.) 
This result indicates that at most of the major ocean tidal frequencies the variation of groundwater level at this particular site is over 90% due to the forcing of the ocean tides. However, one must exercise caution in attributing causality. If the relation (transfer function) between the input and output is nonlinear, then values of the coherence can be erroneous. Another common mistake is to assume a causal input/output relation between observed variables, when in fact the causative mechanism is not in the system model. For example, it is clear that the atmospheric barometric pressure induces a variation in both the ocean water levels and the groundwater levels, but the barometric pressure is not included in the system model as an input variable. We have also assumed that the ocean water levels drive or control the groundwater levels. In reality it is a combination of hydrological forcing from the ocean water levels and the tidal potential that are driving both the observed input and output signals. Additionally, noise introduced in the measurement process, or by the spectral signal processing can contribute to or corrupt the coherence.
Extension to non-stationary signals.
If the signals are non-stationary, (and therefore not ergodic), the above formulations may not be appropriate. For such signals, the concept of coherence has been extended by using the concept of time-frequency distributions to represent the time-varying spectral variations of non-stationary signals in lieu of traditional spectra. For more details, see.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18651741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651741" title="Nottle">
Nottle

Nottle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18651753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651753" title="Tshotlego Morama">
Tshotlego Morama

Tshotlego Morama, born in Lethakane in 1987, is a Motswana Paralympic sprinter.
Representing Botswana at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, she won gold in the women's 400m sprint in the T46 disability category, setting a new world record in the process, with a time of 55.99. She remains the only athlete ever to have represented Botswana at the Paralympics.
Morama also won gold at the 2007 All-Africa Games, setting a new African record in the women's 200 metres.
Morama was due to represent Botswana again at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, but ultimately did not compete, having withdrawn prior to the Games due to injury.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18651758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651758" title="The Pandora Principle">
The Pandora Principle

The Pandora Principle is a "" novel written by Carolyn Clowes.
Plot.
A Romulan Bird Of Prey drifts over the Neutral Zone and into Federation territory. Admiral James T. Kirk and the "Enterprise" take the ship back to Earth, unaware of the deadly force hiding inside. 
It is soon learned one way to battle the threat is via the traumatic childhood knowledge of Saavik and her birth planet Hellguard.

</doc>
<doc id="18651779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651779" title="Botswana at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Botswana at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Botswana was due to a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
Tshotlego Morama, who had won gold in the women's 400m sprint in the T46 disability category at the Athens Paralympics, was due to be the country's only representative. However, she withdrew prior to the Games due to injury and, shortly before the Games began, it was announced the country's (unspecified) other athletes, who might have replaced her, had been "rejected by organisers because they do not meet the qualifying criteria", namely having participated in international events.
The official website of the International Paralympic Committee does not even list Morama as a non-starter, and considers that Botswana did not take part in the 2008 Games. 

</doc>
<doc id="18651780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651780" title="USS Holly (1881)">
USS Holly (1881)

USS "Holly" (1881) was a lighthouse tender borrowed by the U.S. Navy from the U.S. Commerce Department during World War I and armed as a patrol craft. "Holly" was used to patrol the waters near Norfolk, Virginia. Post-war she was returned to the Commerce Department.
Built in Baltimore, Maryland.
The first ship to be so named by the Navy, "Holly", a wood and steel lighthouse tender, was built in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1881, and was owned by the Department of Commerce, Lighthouse Service, until being taken over by the Navy 15 April 1917. 
World War I service.
She served in the 5th Naval District, operating from Norfolk, Virginia, on general and patrol duty during the balance of World War I. 
Post-war decommissioning.
The steamer was returned to the Lighthouse Service by Executive order dated 1 July 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18651785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651785" title="Morocco in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980">
Morocco in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980

Morocco debuted at the Eurovision Song Contest 1980 in The Hague, Netherlands. 
The Moroccan broadcaster Société Nationale de Radiodiffusion et de Télévision (SNRT) selected Samira Bensaïd to sing the first Moroccan entry, "Bitaqat Khub" (Love Card), sung in the Arabic language, the first time the language was sung at the contest.
At Eurovision.
Bensaïd's did not go well with the juries from around Europe, gaining only 7 points, all from Italy, coming second last only to Finland.
Morocco has not returned to Eurovision since the entry.

</doc>
<doc id="18651787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651787" title="Welton Irie">
Welton Irie

Welton Irie (born Welton Dobson, 1961, Jamaica), sometimes credited simply as Welton, is a Jamaican reggae deejay, best known for his work in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Biography.
Welton Irie began his career performing as simply 'Welton' on the "Sir John the President" and "Big John's Stereophonic Sound" sound systems (the latter later known as "Echo Tone Hi Fi"), in 1976, initially heavily influenced by Ranking Trevor. After building up a sizeable following, he was able to introduce young talent such as General Echo to the sound system. Welton moved on to the "Gemini" and "Virgo" sound systems and began a partnership with Lone Ranger, the two beginning their recording careers together as a duo for Studio One, in a similar vein to Michigan & Smiley with tracks such as "Chase Them Crazy". On Studio One boss Coxsone Dodd's recommendation, he extended his stage name to Welton Irie. The pair's partnership was short-lived with both going on to solo careers. Solo hits soon came with "The Bomb", "Army Life", the Jamaican number one hit "Ballerina" recorded with Sly & Robbie, and "Lambs Bread International".
His debut album, "Ghettoman Corner", was recorded for producer Glen Brown and was based on rhythms from Sylford Walker's "Lamb's Bread" album. Walker's album was re-released with the inclusion of six of Irie's deejay versions as "Lamb's Bread International" by Blood & Fire in 2000.
In the early 1980s he worked with Henry "Junjo" Lawes' "Volcano" sound system, and in 1983 returned to "Gemini", touring internationally with Johnny Ringo and Squiddly Ranking. In the mid-1980s, with the prevalent style of reggae changing, Irie stopped deejaying and worked as a selector for Gemini. He revived his career in the mid-2000s and began performing live once again.

</doc>
<doc id="18651788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651788" title="MS Baltic Queen">
MS Baltic Queen

MS "Baltic Queen" is a cruiseferry owned by the Estonia-based ferry operator Tallink and normally operated on their Tallinn–Mariehamn–Stockholm route. The ship was built by the STX Europe shipyard in Rauma, Finland.
Concept and construction.
Initially known under the project name "Cruise 5", "Baltic Queen" was ordered from (what was then) Aker Yards shipyard in Rauma, Finland in April 2007. She is a sister ship to and and Tallink's fifth newbuilt cruiseferry. The ship's planned route was a mystery to the general public for a long time, until on 11 November 2008 Tallink revealed that she would be placed on the Tallinn–Stockholm service on completion. The ship was launched from drydock and officially named "Baltic Queen" on 5 December 2008. By this time the shipyard had been renamed STX Europe. Tallink took delivery of the ship on 16 April 2009.
Service history.
"Baltic Queen" entered service on the Tallinn–Mariehamn–Stockholm route on 24 April 2009, replacing Tallink's first newbuilt ship , which was moved to the Riga–Stockholm service. "Baltic Queen"s Tallink Silja fleetmate encountered problems with her steering on 22 November 2009, and she had to be taken out of service for repairs. As a result the "Baltic Queen" was moved to the Turku–Mariehamn–Stockholm service as a temporary replacement from 26 November until 11 December 2009.
Decks and facilities.
Numbered from bottom to top.

</doc>
<doc id="18651795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651795" title="Boat Basin Park">
Boat Basin Park

The Boat Basin Park, is situated at Boat Basin, Clifton, Karachi.
Boat Basin Park has constructed spread over an area of 240 acres (40 acres dry area and basin on 200 acres). The park was constructed by the defunct Karachi Development Authority (KDA) in the late 1960s. Later, the KDA handed over control of the park to the defunct Karachi Metropolitan Corporation and after the introduction of devolution of power the park was placed under the control of the city district government Karachi.

</doc>
<doc id="18651808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651808" title="Martha McPhee">
Martha McPhee

Martha McPhee is an American novelist. The daughter of notable literary journalist John McPhee, she graduated from Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine and received her M.F.A. from Columbia University.
She received a National Endowment for the Arts grant to complete her first novel, "Bright Angel Time", which was published in 1997 and was a New York Times Notable Book. Her second novel, "Gorgeous Lies", a follow-up to "Bright Angel Time", was a finalist for the National Book Award in 2002. Her third novel, "L'America", was published in 2006. Her work has appeared in several literary journals included The New Yorker and Harper's Bazaar. She currently lives in New York City, where she teaches at Hofstra University. She has two children, Livia and Jasper Svendold McPhee.

</doc>
<doc id="18651827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651827" title="Max's Famous Hotdogs">
Max's Famous Hotdogs

Max's Famous Hot Dogs is a restaurant in Long Branch, New Jersey known for its hot dogs. Max's uses quarter pound Schickhaus beef/pork dog slow cooked on a griddle. Max's Hotdog style is a Jersey Shore variant of Kosher style. It is popular with local celebrities and is said to be a favorite of Bruce Springsteen and the late Cardinal John O'Connor. Among those who have visited Max’s are Jon Bon Jovi, Steven Van Zandt, Red Buttons, Gov. Brendan Byrne, Connie Francis, actors Joe Pantoliano, Joe Pesci, Nick Puccio, John Travolta, Jackie Mason, Dean Martin and singer Frankie Valli.
History.
In 1928, Max Altman, opened a small restaurant on the northern end of the Long Branch pier. Max named the place after himself and did business with Milford Maybaum, who in 1950 bought him out and kept the name. Soon after Max's was purchased, Maybaum expanded the business by moving it south of the Long Branch Pier and amusements. After a short time, Maybaum became known as Mr. Max by patrons and friends. Max's developed the idea for the Jersey fresh corn on the cob and family style portions of French fries and onion rings. 
Located on the Jersey shore, Max's was a seasonal business. Maybaum closed the restaurant each winter, headed south to Miami Beach and indulged in his other passion,horse racing. During that time, "Max" met Celia Levy through a mutual friend. In 1967 after a brief but intense courtship, Celia, a New York native, became Celia Maybaum. For the next 13 years, the two ran Max's together during the summers and each winter returned to Florida to race horses. 
Celia Maybaum soon became known as "Mrs. Max". Over the years "Mrs. Max" has become an enduring iconic symbol of Max's Famous Hot Dogs. "Max" died in 1980 but the legacy continues as the second and third generations of the Maybaum family keep the tradition of Max's alive. 
Today, Maybaum's son Robert "Bobby" Maybaum and his wife Madeline, daughters Jennifer and Michele, and grandmother Celia, continue to work at the restaurant.
In 1978 Gov. Byrne proclaimed Max’s as the finest hot dog emporium; in 1991 Joan Haberle, secretary of state, proclaimed Mrs. Max as the Queen of Hot Dogs; and in 1992 Gov. James Florio proclaimed that a trip to the Jersey Shore without a stop at Max’s in Long Branch would have been considered an incomplete visit. In 1995 Gov. Christine Todd Whitman proclaimed "Democrats and Republicans are in agreement on very few issues, but we can all concur that Max’s in Long Branch serves the most outstanding hot dogs in New Jersey."
Max's is also known for its fierce competition with The Windmill in Long Branch.

</doc>
<doc id="18651829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651829" title="Edipo Alcalde">
Edipo Alcalde

Synopsis.
Set amidst the rebel wars (representing the Theban plagues) of contemporary Colombia, young Mayor Edipo must mediate a peace deal between conflicting guerrilla groups and the army. It is raining when he leaves. His journey is interrupted when he gets into a shoot-out on a lonely bridge. Returning fire, Edipo somehow escapes. As soon as he gets to town he hears that a prominent leader Layo was brutally slain. No one knows who shot him. Meanwhile a blind coffin-maker Tiresias wanders town making dire prophecies concerning Edipo's future. It is he who tells the mayor that Layo was murdered by a family member. Edipo's fate is sealed when he gets involved with the beautiful and much older Yocasta, a woman who last had sex thirty years before with her husband Layo. She got pregnant and bore a son ... tragedy ensues.
DVD release.
The film was released on DVD on February 27, 2007 in Spanish with English and French subtitles.

</doc>
<doc id="18651841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651841" title="Doctor's Orders (novel)">
Doctor's Orders (novel)

"Doctor's Orders" is a "" novel written by Diane Duane.
Plot.
In response to good-natured complaints about his command style, Captain Kirk leaves Doctor McCoy in command of the Enterprise. Kirk beams down to the planet 'Flyspeck' in order to facilitate its acceptance into the Federation. Kirk soon vanishes, leaving McCoy stuck with the ship against his will; regulations forbid him from passing on command to Commander Spock. 
Kirk is nowhere to be found and to complicate matters, the Klingons show up, claiming to have a stake in 'Flyspeck' as well. It is later found that Kirk had been lost in the time stream, as one of Flyspeck's races do not fully live in linear time.

</doc>
<doc id="18651874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651874" title="Marion County Fair (Indiana)">
Marion County Fair (Indiana)

The Marion County Fair is an annual fair held in Marion County, Indiana. The fair began in 1930 and runs for 10 days in late June. 
The fair maintains a rural theme despite being located in the most populus county in Indiana, with 4-H exhibits, live music, traditional dance shows, and historical displays. 
External links.
http://www.ces.purdue.edu/Marion/fairdates.htm

</doc>
<doc id="18651878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651878" title="John Bello">
John Bello

John Joseph Bello (born March 30, 1946 in New Britain, CT) is an American entrepreneur best known for creating and building the SoBe brand of New Age beverages.
Early life.
Bello grew up in Plainville, Connecticut, the son of the late Generoso “Jerry” and Edith (Melito) Bello. He is a 1964 graduate of Plainville High School in Plainville, Connecticut, where he played football, was student council president and was named to The National Honor Society. Bello went on to matriculate at Tufts University in Medford, Massachusetts, on a Navy ROTC scholarship. There, he played football for two years, was a member of Delta Upsilon fraternity, and played drums in a rock band called “The What Four.” He earned a bachelors degree cum laude in history in 1968. While at Tufts he also met the former Nancy Nelson, to whom he was married 1969.
Naval career.
Upon his graduation from Tufts, Bello was commissioned an Ensign in the United States Navy and served a four-year tour that included a tour of duty in South Vietnam as Supply Officer for PBR Mobile Base II on the Mekong Delta with a mission of combat support for several river patrol boat (PBR) squadrons. He was awarded the Navy Commendation Medal with Combat V for meritorious service. In 1972, After Vietnam, Bello was assigned to the Moffett Field Naval Air Station Moffett Field as the Navy Exchange Officer. He resigned his commission as a Lieutenant to attend graduate school.
Early Business Career.
Bello entered the Amos Tuck School at Dartmouth College, graduating with an MBA in 1974. While at Tuck he was named an Edward Tuck Scholar. After Tuck, his first business position was in brand management at General Foods, where he worked on Sanka and Maxwell House coffee brands. After an interim experience in athletic footwear as product director for Keds Brand footwear, he moved on to a strategic planning and marketing functions in the Pepsi Cola Division of PepsiCo where he worked on Mountain Dew and the Pepsi Challenge.
National Football League Properties.
In 1979, he joined NFL Properties (NFLP), the marketing and merchandising arm of the National Football League, where he ascended to the position of President of NFL Properties in 1986. At NFLP, he helped transform licensed apparel from a small business selling novelty merchandise in specialty stores into everyday fashion transcending fan-wear, sold at major chain sporting goods and department stores. In addition to creating NFL ProLine authentic sideline gear and apparel made available to consumers to so that they could "Wear What the Pros Wear", Bello drove major sponsorships with Coke, Canon, Gatorade, Miller Brewing, GTE, Apple, Citibank, American Airlines and many consumer food products through a Sunday insert program called the "NFL Tailgate Party." He also played a major role in creating the NFL Experience, a fan festival that is now a fixture and fan favorite at Super Bowls. Also, Bello helped organize the American Bowl series of international pre-season games starting with the 1986 game between the Refrigerator Perry led Super Bowl Champion Chicago Bears and Dallas Cowboys played in front of 81,000 fans at London's Wembley Stadium. Bello's innovative approach to promoting and enhancing the NFL experience included bedecking pro golfer Payne Stewart in NFL Team colors as he played on the tour, sponsoring NASCAR racers, women's lines of NFL team clothing and made for TV events such as the Quarterback Challenge and The NFL's Fastest Man.
During Bello's tenure at NFLP, the business grew from $30 million in retail sales, sponsorships and publishing to $3 billion when he left in 1993. Bello is broadly credited with creating the model by which every major sports league now operates. He was ranked 46th on Sporting News’ list of Most Powerful People in Sports in 1992.
Bello left NFLP on Labor Day in 1993 amid controversy. He resigned as a result of losing a power struggle with then-NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue who was seeking to consolidate league operations under the commissioner's office.
SoBe Beverages.
Upon his departure from the NFL, Bello took a position as VP Marketing with Brooklyn, New York-based Ferolito, Vultaggio and Sons, makers of AriZona iced tea. At AriZona he joined a former Pepsi colleague Mike Schott, then COO of AriZona Beverages. After four months he left AriZona to create his own beverage company in partnership with Tom Schwalm that became the South Beach Beverage Company, named after the trendy South Beach area of Miami.
The new company, based in Norwalk, Connecticut, marketed so-called "New Age" beverages—exotic juice blends and ready-to-drink iced teas—but faced formidable competition from its predecessors, including Snapple, Mystic, Nantucket Nectars and AriZona. South Beach needed a point of differentiation in the marketplace, so Bello added trace elements of various herbs and nutrients—such as ginseng, ginkgo biloba, guarana, carnitine, Echinacea, yohimbe, taurine and praline—and promoted their benefits beyond hydration. He launched a "3G" line of drinks, which included supposed energy boosters like ginseng, ginkgo biloba and guarana. He also expanded the brand's iced tea portfolio to include more exotic offerings such as Black Tea, Oolong Tea (with bee pollen), Green Tea (with Echinacea) and Red Tea (with selenium). Under Bello's direction, SoBe launched a line of "3C" Elixirs (containing calcium, carnitine and chromium) in varieties such as Orange-Carrot, Orange-Tomato (including lycopene), Energy (with guarana, yohimbe and arginina), Power (taurine, creatine and praline), Zen Blend (triple ginseng tea with schizandra), Wisdom (with ginkgo biloba, St. John's wort and gotu kola) and Eros (with dong quai, damiana, foti and zink).
He created the "dueling lizards" design and took a lead role in the company's guerrilla marketing effort, proclaiming himself as the "Lizard King" in radio advertisements. He gave the brand an "attitude" by enlisting athletes who were somewhat out of the mainstream—such as golfer John Daly and downhill skier Bode Miller—as official spokespersons for the brand. The SoBe marketing team also wooed independent beverage distributors, offering them very high margins and a small chunk of equity in the company.
From its creation in 1995, SoBe's sales rose rapidly and climbed to $275 million by 2000. The following year, the brand rode the "good-for-you" trend among American consumers to break the quarter billion dollar barrier in 2000. SoBe was sold to PepsiCo for a reported $370 million cash on October 30, 2000. Bello remained with Pepsi overseeing SoBe until early 2004.
By the end of 1999 the company had sold 14.8 million cases of drinks and taken in $166.4 million. South Beach challenged rival AriZona in sales and was pursuing Snapple for leadership in the new age drink category. Less than pleased, rival AriZona slapped the company with a lawsuit claiming that SoBe had copied its bottle design or stolen trade secrets.
In 2001, Bello was named Ernst and Young's National Entrepreneur of the Year in the Consumer Products category for his accomplishments at SoBe.
Other Business Activity.
Upon leaving Pepsi, Bello formed JoNa Ventures, a family investment vehicle that included among other endeavors investment and active involvement in Firefighter Brands, Soup Kitchen International and Eye Therapies.
With former NFL associates Bruce Burke and Peter French, Bello formed Firefighter Brands, a social enterprise intended to benefit local firefighting units with revenues generated from the sale of Firefighter Branded coffee, chips, chili's, trail mixes and energy drinks. The project was supported by a group of well to do and high profile community minded investors but ultimately failed due to lack of cohesive co-operation among various firefighting entities.
In 2005, Bello invested in and became chairman of Soup Kitchen International, a company he helped found that markets soups created by Al Yeganeh, the New York-based soup chef made famous as the "Soup Nazi" on the popular "Seinfeld" TV show, for retail stores, and developed franchised restaurants.
In 2006 Bello became a general partner of Sherbrooke Capital, a venture capital firm that provides growth capital to early stage health and wellness companies that led the $6.35 million equity-financing round for IZZE in early 2005. In the spring of 2006, Bello was appointed Chairman of the Board of the IZZE Beverage Company, a maker of sparkling juices. Izze was subsequently sold to PepsiCo for an undisclosed sum. In addition, he serves on the board of Boathouse Sports, a Sherbrooke portfolio company. Currently, Bello is in partnership with his college roommate and fraternity brother Dr. Lee Nordan serving as chairman of Eye Therapies. ET is a development and marketing company for products in the OTC ocular care and cosmetic market.
Personal.
Bello's outside activities include: Charter Trustee, Tufts University; Board of Advisors for Athletics, Tufts University; Board Member, Dartmouth College’s Tuck Center for Private Equity; Board Member Gordon Entrepreneurial Institute at Tufts University and Board of Directors, New York Council Boy Scouts of America and former Trustee, the Hotchkiss School. He has lectured at colleges and MBA programs including Tuck, NYU, Yale, Cornell, Georgetown, Tufts, Dartmouth, Gonzaga and at high schools and at business forums and symposiums about his NFL and SoBe experiences and entrepreneurship.
Bello resides in Scottsdale, Arizona and Rye, New York with his wife Nancy. The couple has three grown children: Lauren, Lindsay and John Michael.

</doc>
<doc id="18651883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651883" title="Charles Albert Berczy">
Charles Albert Berczy

Charles Albert Berczy (August 22, 1794 – June 8, 1858) was the son of pioneer William Berczy.
Early years.
Charles Albert was born in Newark, Upper Canada in 1794 to William and his wife Jeanne-Charlotte Allamand. Charles moved with his family to Montreal after as brief stay in York, Upper Canada.
In Montreal, Charles worked at the British Commissary General as a clerk and later as acting Deputy Assistant Commissary General (1814–1816).
In 1818, he moved back to Upper Canada and began a business selling tobacco with his brother William Bent Berczy in Amherstburg.
Later years.
His public life began with his appointment as Justice of the Peace for the area in 1826. He moved to Toronto following his appointment as Post Office Surveyor and Inspector of Toronto (1835–1838), and later as the city's Post Master (1838–1853). Both appointments were the result of his close ties with Sir Francis Bond Head, the Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada. 
In Toronto, Charles further joined the ranks of the city's business elites. During his time in Toronto, he held such positions as:
Personal life.
During his stay in Amherstburg, Berczy courted Ann Eliza Finch and married her on June 21, 1828. They had one son and seven daughters.
Towards the end however, Charles Albert Berczy's life began to unravel and as a result, he decided to end his own life in 1858 in Toronto. Berczy was survived by his daughter Charlotte De Moll Berczy (1830-1909), who married James Knight Goold and died in Brantford, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="18651896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651896" title="Don Granato">
Don Granato

Don Granato (born August 11, 1967 in Downers Grove, Illinois) is a former American ice hockey player. Granato was previously head coach of the Worcester IceCats and Chicago Wolves of the AHL He was also head coach of the Columbus Chill and Peoria Rivermen of the East Coast Hockey League (with whom he won the Kelly Cup as a coach in 2000). He also coached the Green Bay Gamblers and Wisconsin Capitols of the United States Hockey League.
During the 2000–01 AHL season, Granato won the Louis A. R. Pieri Memorial Award as the outstanding coach of the AHL.
He is also the brother of Cammi and Tony, and the brother-in-law of Ray Ferraro.

</doc>
<doc id="18651926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651926" title="Cachaça Sapucaia">
Cachaça Sapucaia

Brand of "artisanal cachaça" in Brazil. The fermentation agent is maize flour (called fubá in Portuguese) and the distillation unit is a copper pot still. The resulting product comes out in 3 batches: "head", "core" and "tail". 
Sapucaia's Cachaça take only the "core", discarding the other two which have undesirable components.
Traditionally produced in five varieties: Sapucaia Florida 2 years white (silver) and aged (gold), Sapucaia Traditional 5 years (gold), Sapucaia Family Reserve 10 years, Sapucaia Royal 18 years, since 1933 in Pindamonhangaba city, state of São Paulo. 
Bands : Sapucaia, Sapucaia Velha, Florida, Senzala and Quizumba.

</doc>
<doc id="18651942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651942" title="Spiralling">
Spiralling

"Spiralling" is a song released by Keane, on 4 August 2008 at 10:59 (CEST) as the first single of their third album, "Perfect Symmetry". It was released in a similar fashion to that of "Atlantic" as a digital download only single; however, it was available as a free download from Keanemusic.com for the first week of release.
On 31 July, the message "When we fall in love, we're just falling in love with ourselves" appeared on the band's website in reference to the track. On 11 August 2008, the song was released as an official digital download on various online music stores. The song was said to be inspired by wrestling legend Ric Flair who Tom Chaplin described as a personal hero for his try hard mentality in the ring. His trademark "woo" inspired the song.
Frontman Tom Chaplin described the song as "a train of thought about human endeavour, built on an outrageous groove".
The song went on to become the most broadcast song of the world during its first week of release, as well as the fastest-downloading song ever for Universal, reaching 500,000 downloads in less than a week.
Keane performed the song live to an audience for the first time at the 2008 GQ Awards on 2 September 2008.
The song won Best Track at the Q Awards on 6 October 2008, with all three members of the band present at the ceremony to accept the award.
It also spent a total of 18 weeks in the UK Singles Chart despite only being a download single.
Music video.
The music video for "Spiralling" was released on the Keane Official Website on 26 September. Composer Tim Rice-Oxley left a note reading "Andras Ketzer has perfectly represented the difference between the idealised dream and the dystopian reality of human existence". It features robots walking in such a manner of the "I, Robot" film adaptation and shots of lead singer Tom Chaplin staring at TV sets while sitting in a couch. There are also shots of him singing the song from inside a blue room.
Charts.
On 17 August 2008, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at #28 on downloads alone and peaked at #23 without a video or physical release. The song has spent 10 weeks in the UK Top 40 without entering the Top 20. Despite remaining as Keane's longest lasting single in the UK Top 100 (18 weeks), it became the band's joint-lowest charting single at the time mainly due to it not being physically released. However, it marked the band's ninth consecutive UK Top 40 single.
The song debuted on #26 in the Dutch Top 40 on 23 August 2008 issue and peaked at #12.
On 5 October 2008, the song re-entered the UK Singles Chart at #36 and peaked at #23 again.
Covers.
Sugababes performed an acoustic cover of "Spiralling" in the BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge on 9 October 2008 and features on the "No Can Do" Single which peaked also at #23

</doc>
<doc id="18651948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651948" title="Smokehouse">
Smokehouse

Prior to the widespread availability of mains electricity and freezers, meat was preserved by heavy salting. Hogs were slaughtered after the onset of cold weather, and hams and other pork products were salted and hung up or placed on a shelf to last into the following summer. Whether the meat should be smoked as well as salted is personal preference, frequently backed up with strong local or family prejudice. A smokehouse is a building where meat or fish is cured with smoke. The finished product might be stored in the building, sometimes for a year or more. Even when smoke is not used, such a building—typically a subsidiary building—is sometimes referred to as a "smoke house." When smoke is not used, the term "meat house" is common. As a preserved ham represents a big financial investment, smokehouses in the Carolinas and Virginia can frequently be identified by their framing, so closely spaced as to prevent forcible entry and theft. The lower interior walls of both meat houses and smoke houses are characterized by the extremely furring of the wood, caused by the salt. The upper areas of smokehouses are also black with the smoke. A meat house has a solid wood floor; a smokehouse will have a brick pit in the center of the dirt floor, or sometimes a broken/cast-off cast iron pot, for the fire. Jefferson's smokehouse at Monticello is an integral part of the brick outbuildings. It has a conventional brick fireplace built into an exterior wall; its flue discharges into the smokehouse.
History.
Traditional smokehouses served both as meat smokers and to store the meats, often for groups and communities of people. Food preservation occurred by salt curing and extended cold smoking for two weeks or longer. Smokehouses were always secured to prevent animals and thieves from accessing the food.
Design and use.
Traditionally, a smokehouse is a small enclosed outbuilding often with a vent, a single entrance, no windows, and frequently has a gabled or pyramid style roof. Communal and commercial smokehouses are larger than those that served a single residence or estate. The use of slightly warmed, dry air from a very slow hardwood fire will ensure the proper drying of meats.

</doc>
<doc id="18651977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651977" title="Bankia (genus)">
Bankia (genus)

Bankia is a genus of ship-worms, marine bivalve molluscs of the family Teredinidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="18651981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651981" title="The Real Ghostbusters (comics)">
The Real Ghostbusters (comics)

The Real Ghostbusters is a comic series spun off from the "The Real Ghostbusters" animated series. Versions were published by Marvel UK and NOW Comics. Publication of the series began on March 28, 1988.
Publication history.
NOW Comics.
NOW Comics began publishing the series in August 1988. The series ran for two volumes, two annuals and one special. The first volume ran for twenty-eight issues. The series was primarily written by James Van Hise, with the exceptions being issue 4 by La Morris Richmond and issue 21 which featured Marvel UK reprints due to production delays. John Tobias, Phillip Hester, Evan Dorkin and Howard Bender were among the pencilers for the series. 
The series went on hiatus for a time due to the publisher's financial difficultie, but was subsequently re-launched. The second volume ran for four issues, one special ("The Real Ghostbusters Spectacular 3-D Special") and two annuals (one regular and one 3-D). The series had a main story that ran from the 3-D Special through issue 4, followed by back-up stories reprinted from the Marvel UK run. They also contained game pages and health tips for kids and parents. Several issues of volume 1 and the main issues of volume 2 used covers taken from the Marvel UK run.
NOW Comics also published a three issue miniseries in 1989 called "Real Ghostbusters Starring in Ghostbusters II" that was collected as a trade paperback.
Marvel UK.
"Marvel UK" published a magazine-sized comic for 193 issues that also spawned 4 annuals and 10 specials. The series started its run on March 28, 1988. Each issue contained three to four comic stories, a prose story alternating from a regular tale to one narrated by Winston Zeddemore, a prose entry of "Egon Spengler’s Spirit Guide" typically discussing the entities in the comic, a bio of a character or ghost that appeared in the series, and a short Slimer strip. The comics featured a rotating line-up of creators, including John Carnell, Dan Abnett, Andy Lanning, Brian Williamson, Anthony Williams, Stuart Place, Richard Starkings, and Helen Stone.
The series ran weekly and eventually began to feature reprints from the American comics as well as stories that appeared previously in the series. The American comics were often broken up into four to five parts, and incorporated the failed Slimer! series beginning with issue 121. The last original story ran in issue 171 with the remaining issues being reprints from the earlier comics and the American books.
Four annual comics were produced in a hardcover format. Each book contained several comic strips, full-page Slimer strips, and prose stories. The books also included game and activity pages, and reprints of bios found in the regular books.
Some of these issues were collected by Titan Books into trade paperbacks. These include:
Marvel UK also reprinted NOW Comics' tradepaperback "Real Ghostbusters Starring in Ghostbusters II" in 1989 as well as reprinting various issues as a compendium called "The Real Ghostbusters: The Giggling Ghoul and Other Stories" also in 1989.
Outside of the ongoing title, the Ghostbusters were also featured in the 30 issue run of "The Marvel Bumper Comic". An anthology style comic that was published by Marvel UK from 1988–1989, and that featured strips based on different characters and properties.
Slimer.
A spinoff series that spotlighted the popular Ghostbusters character Slimer was also published. NOW Comics published a series that ran nineteen issues from 1989 through 1990, as well as spawning a one shot special called "The Real Ghostbusters 3-D Slimer Special". Some of these issues were reprinted as a tradepaperback in 1991.
Marvel UK also published a 19 issue series.

</doc>
<doc id="18651989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651989" title="Cyclone Gene">
Cyclone Gene

Severe Tropical Cyclone Gene (RSMC Nadi designation: 12F JTWC designation: 15P) was the deadliest storm as well as the most damaging tropical cyclone of the 2007–08 South Pacific cyclone season east of 160ºE. RSMC Nadi monitored Gene as the 12th tropical disturbance, as well as the fourth tropical cyclone and the third severe tropical cyclone to form west of 160ºE during the 2007–08 South Pacific cyclone season. Gene was also recognised by RSMC Nadi as the fifth tropical cyclone and fourth severe tropical cyclone to form within the South Pacific Ocean during the 2007-08 season.
On January 25, a tropical disturbance formed within the Fijian Archipelago and was designated as Tropical Disturbance 12F. The next day it was upgraded to a tropical depression, whilst on January 27, RSMC Nadi named the depression as Cyclone Gene. Later that day Gene made landfall on Fiji, and caused 8 deaths and $51 million (2008, F$). Cyclone Gene then slowly intensified to a category three cyclone on both the Saffir Simpson Hurricane Scale and the Australian Cyclone Intensity Scale. Gene then took a turn to the south moving towards 25°S which marks the edge of RSMC Nadi's area of responsibility with the Tropical Cyclone Warning Centre (TCWC) in Wellington, New Zealand. Gene then crossed 25°S on February 3 and Nadi released their final advisory. Cyclone Gene continued as a Tropical Cyclone for three days before becoming an extratropical cyclone. Early on February 6 TCWC Wellington released their final advisory on tropical cyclone Gene as they declared it as extratropical.
Cyclone Gene caused widespread damage to several of Fiji's main islands, including Viti Levu, Vanua Levu, Taveuni, Yasawa, Mamanuca, and other outlying island groups, while killing a total of 8 people. The cyclone also caused severe damage to Vanautu's Futuna island after its outerbands lashed the island with gale force windspeeds and heavy rain for 12 hours.
__TOC__
Meteorological history.
On January 26, the Fiji Meteorological Service's Regional Specialized Meteorological Center in Nadi, Fiji and the United States Armed Forces Joint Typhoon Warning Center started to monitor a weak tropical disturbance that had developed within the monsoon trough about to the northeast of the Fijian dependency of Rotuma. The disturbance initially moved towards the southeast before it recurved and started to move towards the southwest and Fiji during the next day, while gradually developing further in an area of low vertical windshear. At 1800 UTC on January 27, the JTWC reported that the disturbance had developed into Tropical Cyclone 15P and started to issue warnings on it as the 1-minute windspeeds had become equivalent to a tropical storm. Over the next 6-12 hours, the disturbance moved towards the southwest and hugged Vanua Levu's southeastern coast, under the influence of a mid level ridge of high pressure that was located to the southeast of the system. 15P's development was hindered while it was located over land, however it did not weaken significantly because it was located in an area of favourable upper level conditions.
While over land the system moved towards the south-southwest and moved into the Bligh Waters, where it started to rapidly intensify as convection erupted around the system. As a result before the system made landfall on Viti Levu, RSMC Nadi reported that the system had intensified into a category 1 tropical cyclone, on the Australian intensity scale and named it Gene. The system then made landfall shortly after 0600 UTC near Lautoka, before it started to move westwards and passed near Nadi before it moved out of the archipelago. Early on January 29 as the system moved westwards, RSMC Nadi reported that Gene had intensified into a category two tropical cyclone before it briefly weakened into a Category 1 because of the effects of a moderate amount of vertical windshear. However, the system quickly reintensified and by 1200 UTC the next day had become a category 3 Severe Tropical Cyclone and equivalent to a Category 1 tropical cyclone on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.
On January 31, while the storm was moving closer to Vanuatu, Gene attained peak winds of 150 km/h (95 mph10 min) & 185 km/h (115 mph 1-min) Thus, Cyclone Gene was a Category 3 cyclone on the Australian scale and the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.
During February 1, as Cyclone Gene was moving to the west, Gene recurved and started moving towards the south and missed Vanuatu. The next day cyclone Gene started to temporarily weaken again by becoming a category two cyclone with winds speeds of 95 km/h (60 mph 10 min). This came as cyclone Gene approached 25°S which marks the edge of RSMC Nadi's area of responsibility, to the south of 25°S the Tropical Cyclone Warning Centre (TCWC) in Wellington, New Zealand monitors tropical cyclones, south of 25°S. As Gene crossed in to TCWC Wellington's area of responsibility, Cyclone Gene started to re-intensify becoming a severe tropical cyclone again with peak winds of 120 km/h (105 mph 10 min) however this re-intensification only lasted for 12 hours before Gene began to weaken for the final time by becoming a tropical cyclone that day. Gene slowly weakened over the next couple of days as it moved towards the south east. The JTWC then issued its final warning on February 6 as Cyclone Gene was finishing its extratropical transition, and had also become fully embedded within the baroclinic zone. TCWC Wellington continued to monitor the extratropical remnants of Gene until February 9, after the sustained windspeeds had dropped to below 65 km/h (40 mph).
Preparations, impact and aftermath.
Fiji.
On January 27, RSMC Nadi issued strong wind warnings for Fiji, as 12F was expected to affect Fiji but not develop into a tropical cyclone until it had moved out of the archipelago. However as 12F rapidly developed into a tropical cyclone during that day, RSMC Nadi was forced to issue gale force wind warnings for various parts of Fiji including Vanua Levu, Viti Levu, Beqa, Vatulele, Lomaiviti, Yasawa and Mamanuca.
When Cyclone Gene hit Fiji, it caused widespread minor damage on both of the main islands of Fiji including Vanua Levu and Viti Levu as well as a few of the other minor islands in Fiji which included Taveuni & the Yasawa group of islands. Power cuts were reported in at least half of Fiji including Suva and Nadi however power was quickly restored to these areas. Within Fiji over 340 people evacuated to 61 evacuation centres which were opened by the Fijian government. There was also 61 houses completely flattened by cyclone Gene.
The effects of Cyclone Gene were compounded by continuous heavy rainfall and subsequent floods in most parts of Viti Levu. As a result there was significant disruption to water supplies, with several sources becoming contaminated and destroyed as a result there were several cases of Typhoid reported in Fiji with at least 1 person dying from typhoid. There was also seven other deaths from cyclone Gene, five of these were directly related whilst two people were also killed as an indirect result of Cyclone Gene from house fires while using candles to light their homes when the power went out. Within their end of season report RSMC Nadi reported that the total cost of Cyclone Gene was F$51 million (2008), ($35 million 2008 USD).
Vanuatu.
After exiting the Fijian archipelago of islands, Cyclone Gene moved towards the west across the South Pacific, towards Vanuatu, and was predicted to affect the archipelago between January 31 and February 2. However, during January 31, the system started to re-curve towards the southeast and as a result did not make landfall on the island, but Gene's outerbands produced gale force winds and heavy rain on various southern Vanuatuan islands for about 12 hours. However the system only caused no deaths and severe damage to Futuna island, while sparing other nearby islands. On Futuna Island, Gene caused damages to buildings, Plants used for weaving and generating income, trails, native and non native homes, waterlines, food gardens, food producing plants, crops, and other critical structures and littered footpaths with fallen trees and debris. As a result of damages to waterlines from falling debris, flooding and contaminated drinking water were reported in some villages with pipes openly leaking. After an aerial survey found that more than 70% of garden crops had been damaged by Gene, the Vanuatu Government declared Futuna island a disaster zone.

</doc>
<doc id="18651990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651990" title="Edward C. Papenfuse">
Edward C. Papenfuse

Dr. Edward C. Papenfuse (born 1943) is the Maryland State Archivist and Commissioner of Land Patents.
Papenfuse received his undergraduate degree from the American University, an M.A. from the University of Colorado, and his Ph.D. in history from The Johns Hopkins University. He holds an honorary doctorate of letters from Washington College. He and his wife Sallie have two sons, a daughter-in-law, and three grandchildren.
Biography.
Papenfuse has held the positions of Maryland State Archivist and Commissioner of Land Patents since 1975. As director of the Maryland State Archives in Annapolis, Papenfuse is responsible for the Archives' collection of government and private materials which are described and inventoried in detail at mdsa.net, "Guide to Government Records and the Guide Special Collections". In 2003 he conceptualized and initiated the design of mdlandrec.net, which now contains over 190,000,000 indexed images of permanent archival records and is accessed daily by several thousand users. In addition he has created an interactive editorial website for archival documents which currently accesses over 500,000 pages of original source material on the experimental web site, editonline.us. Since June 2010, he has also been the acting City Archivist for the Baltimore City Archives, becoming a catalyst for change in an archives in disrepair.
Projects.
He played a major role in the design of the present Archives building which was completed in 1986 and bears his name, initiated the creation of the Maryland State Archives web site, writes extensively on Maryland history, and teaches history at the University of Maryland College Park, the University of Maryland Law School, and the Johns Hopkins University. He is the author of numerous articles and books, including "In Pursuit of Profit: The Annapolis Merchants in the Era of the American Revolution" (1975), with Joseph M. Coale, "The Hammond-Harwood House Atlas of Historical Maps of Maryland, 1608-1908" (1982) and "The Maryland State Archives Atlas of Historical Maps of Maryland 1608-1908" (2003). He has also developed an approach to providing reference services and teaching courses on the World Wide Web of the Internet (see http://www.mdhistory.net, http://marylandarchivist.blogspot.com/, http://poplargroveproject.blogspot.com/, and http://www.archivesofmaryland.net). His most recent website is devoted to preserving and accessing the public records of the Baltimore City Archives (http://baltimorecityhistory.net). He has published numerous articles on archives and archival related matters including a report on access to government records in the OAH "Newsletter"
Wikipedia projects.
His current editorial interest with regard to Wikipedia centers on overseeing his students contributions to Wikipedia, George Washington's bow to civil authority in 1783, Maryland place names (such as Accident, Maryland), Maryland related themes such as the articles on Civil War era including Cipriano Ferrandini, and major national law cases that had their origins in Maryland such as Barron v. Baltimore.

</doc>
<doc id="18651991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18651991" title="World Have Your Say">
World Have Your Say

World Have Your Say ("WHYS") is an international BBC global discussion show, which broadcasts on BBC World Service every weekday at 1800 hours UTC and on BBC World News every Friday at 1500 hours UTC.
World Have Your Say won Gold in the 2008 Sony Radio Awards, in the category Listener Participation.
The show describes itself as "the BBC News programme where you set the agenda." Typically each edition is based around a question, or number of questions, raised by the users of its blog and Facebook site, as well as emailers to the BBC.
It encourages callers to talk to each other and directs questions asked by listeners to the guests on the programme, intervening as little as possible to keep the show more of a conversation than a talk show.
The show also occasionally works as a forum for the BBC World Service's global audience to put questions to a particular guest. Previous guests have included Aung San Suu Kyi, Philip Pullman and Thilo Sarrazin.
History.
The BBC World Service launched the programme in October 2005, featuring Anu Anand and Steve Richards as presenters and Mark Sandell as editor. Ros Atkins replaced Richards in early 2006 and is now the main presenter.
Since February 2011 the programme has a weekly television edition on BBC World News on Fridays produced by the same production team.
Topics for discussions are set by listeners, who can email the show prior to its going on air every day, or even call into the studio office. Some of the comments left on the WHYS blog and Facebook site, together with emails, Tweets and SMS text messages, are read on the air. Callers from all over the world are the key part of the programme by calling in and debating the daily topic.
On occasion, the show leaves the studio and goes on the road, to discuss subjects from a particular country but often with a global impact. For example in 2011, they went to Berlin to discuss the legacy of Nazism in Germany, Jakarta to talk about revolution in a Muslim country, and Bangkok to talk about sex tourism.
Most of the time, the topics for the days show are offered by e-mail. Some stories are suggested by a single person, others by the number of people wanting to talk about it. Increasingly, use is made of the programme's Facebook site as a source of comment on news stories. Sometimes, these are stories from the listeners' point of view. In fact, some of the reporting of current events for the show is done by real world people, most with no journalism experience.
Television.
BBC World News began presenting a version of the programme in 2011 with Ros Atkins as the presenter. The programme, presented on Fridays at 1500 GMT, encouraged viewer discussion on some of the top stories from the week that was. Occasionally, correspondents and high profile individuals close to the issue at hand join in the conversation. Similarly to the version on radio, the programme heavily utilises social media; especially Twitter and Facebook.
As of late 2013, Chloe Tilley has played a more active role as presenter. 

</doc>
<doc id="18652038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18652038" title="Lyrodus">
Lyrodus

Lyrodus is a genus of ship-worms, marine bivalve molluscs of the family Teredinidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="18652043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18652043" title="Bako, Ethiopia">
Bako, Ethiopia

Bako is a town in central Ethiopia. Located in the Mirab (West) Shewa Zone of the Oromia Region, on the all-weather highway between Addis Ababa and Nekemte, this town has a longitude and latitude of with an elevation of 1743 meters above sea level. Bako is the administrative center of Bako Tibe woreda.
During the Italian occupation, Bako is mentioned as having a medical clinic and a school. In 1948, Swedish missionaries opened a medical clinic in the town, which evolved into a mission station by 1953. By 1967, the town had phone service, as well as a primary and junior secondary schools; there was also a school for the blind, which had been moved from Addis Ababa to Bako 1961. The Ethiopian Institute of Agricultural Research opened a center in Bako in 1968, which is the national center for improving the yield of maize.
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, Bako has an estimated total population of 18,641 of whom 9,370 are men and 9,271 women. The 1994 census reported this town had a total population of 10,422 of whom 5,082 were men and 5,340 women. It is the largest of three towns in Bako Tibe.

</doc>
<doc id="18652069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18652069" title="Server Routing Protocol">
Server Routing Protocol

Server Routing Protocol (SRP) is the proprietary network protocol used to transfer data between a BlackBerry Enterprise Server and the Research In Motion BlackBerry infrastructure.
SRP communication takes place on TCP port 3101 by default.
SRP work in two different part:
1. SRP ID
2. SRP Authorization Key
During BlackBerry Enterprise Server installation, the unique Server Routing Protocol Identifier (SRP ID) and SRP Authentication Key must be entered. The SRP ID and SRP Authentication Key register and authenticate the BlackBerry Enterprise Server on the network. The work flow is same like any authentication process. The SRP ID can be thought of as a login name and the Authentication Key as a password. The SRP ID uniquely identifies the BlackBerry Enterprise Server on the network. When the BlackBerry Enterprise Server connects to the BlackBerry Infrastructure, it must provide these two pieces of information to connect and open a session.
If the BlackBerry Enterprise Server is connected to the BlackBerry Infrastructure and another client attempts to connect using the same SRP ID and Authentication Key, the BlackBerry Infrastructure drops the connection to the BlackBerry Enterprise Server. It then creates a session with the newly connecting client. Multiple concurrent connections cannot be made with the same SRP ID.
When a BlackBerry device attempts to send a message, it must include the SRP ID for the BlackBerry Enterprise Server.
Note: In the Service Book menu on the BlackBerry device, open the Desktop (CMIME) service book. The specified unique identifier (UID) value is the SRP ID of the BlackBerry Enterprise Server from which the BlackBerry device attempts to send messages.
When the BlackBerry device sends a message, it arrives at the BlackBerry Infrastructure. The message contains the SRP ID pulled from the service book UID value. The BlackBerry Infrastructure uses this information to send the message to the corresponding BlackBerry Enterprise Server for decryption and processing.
Ref# 
External links.
Blackberry Server trial mentioning the technology

</doc>
<doc id="18652073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18652073" title="Chris Banks (American football)">
Chris Banks (American football)

Warren Christopher Banks (born April 4, 1973 in Lexington, Missouri) is a former American football guard in the National Football League. Drafted out of Kansas by the Broncos in the seventh round of the 1996 NFL Draft, Banks won a Super Bowl ring as a member of the Broncos Super Bowl XXXIII championship team in 1998. Banks also played for the Atlanta Falcons.

</doc>
<doc id="18652082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18652082" title="Quebecair Flight 255">
Quebecair Flight 255

Quebecair Flight 255 was a scheduled flight from Quebec City to Montreal. On March 29, 1979, a Fairchild F-27 registered CF-QBL flying the route crashed after an engine exploded shortly after take off. All three crew and 14 of the 21 passengers died. The crash occurred minutes after it took off.
Crash.
Following takeoff from Jean Lesage International Airport, the flight crew advised the control tower of a problem with their right engine. The plane was given clearance for an emergency landing, and it circled the airport twice, before flying above a restaurant with flames bursting from one engine. The plane had begun the final turn in its landing sequence, and crashed into a hillside. "I heard a loud explosion and rushed out and saw the plane in flames" one witness said. Firemen arrived at the scene within minutes, but it was reported they were "unable to approach the burning wreckage for some time because of the extreme heat." Ambulances had difficulty reaching the accident site because they had to cross a railway line to reach it. "Most of the people were not dead. Several died during the first half-hour after the accident. There were limbs cut off. We had to be careful when we were moving them," one woman told journalists.
Investigation.
The flight data recorders were recovered soon after the crash. Canadian investigators concluded that shortly after the twin-turboprop airliner lifted off the low pressure impeller from the no. 2 engine burst, causing the forward part of the no. 2 engine to separate. The flight crew were unable to raise the landing gear because debris from the engine damaged the electronic gear selection circuitry. This together with the exposed engine increased drag dramatically on the aeroplane, and the aircraft was unable to climb or maintain altitude during the final turn. The centre of gravity shifted beyond its aft limit due to the engine separation and passenger movement, causing the airspeed to drop below the minimum control speed shortly before the aircraft struck the hillside.

</doc>
<doc id="18652084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18652084" title="Scratching the Surface">
Scratching the Surface

Scratching the Surface is a 1968 blues album recorded by The Groundhogs and released by Liberty Records.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Tony McPhee; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="18652087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18652087" title="Nototeredo">
Nototeredo

Nototeredo is a genus of ship-worms, marine bivalve molluscs of the family Teredinidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="18652096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18652096" title="Aryan Khan">
Aryan Khan

"Not to be confused with the son of Gauri Khan and Shah Rukh Khan"
Aryan Khan (Pashto: ارين خان) is an actor and a singer from Afghanistan. He has been the host of "Souk Ghwari Chi Millonar Shi?", Afghanistan's version of "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?", since the show began in November 2008. He also performs a musical number at the beginning of each show, singing about the qualifications necessary to become a millionaire. Khan has also been involved in martial arts, modeling, and dancing.
Early years and careers.
Khan was born in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, to parents of Pashtun origin. During the Soviet war in Afghanistan, while in high school, Khan fled the country with his parents to neighboring Peshawar, Pakistan.
After graduating from high school he studied taekwondo, and began traveling in Afghanistan, Pakistan and South Korea. He also became interested in performing in front of the camera, and began acting on PTV in Peshawar. He received the Best Performance award for a live performance on "Beauty and Entertainment Grand Musical Show" on Mashriq TV.

</doc>
<doc id="18652098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18652098" title="Charles Edward St. John">
Charles Edward St. John

Charles Edward St. John (March 15, 1857 – April 26, 1935) was an American astronomer.
He was born in Allen, Michigan to Hiriam A. St. John and his wife Lois Bacon; the youngest of a family of four sons and two daughters. In 1873 he entered Michigan Normal College, then graduated at the age of 19. For the next ten years he suffered from ill health. After recovering, he became a teacher at the college, and in 1887 he graduated with a B.S. from Michigan State Agricultural College. He performed two years of graduate study in electromagnetism at the University of Michigan, then earned an M.A. from Harvard University in 1893. He was awarded a John Tyndall Fellowship and studied for a year in Berlin before returning to earn his Ph.D. from Harvard in 1896.
After teaching for a year at the University of Michigan, he became an associate professor of physics at Oberlin College. He made professor in 1899 and became Dean of the College of Arts and Science in 1907. In May 1908 at the age of 51 he joined the staff at Mount Wilson Observatory. There he studied the Sun, observing sun spots, the structure of the solar atmosphere,
examined the Sun's element composition using spectroscopy, and so forth. In his later work he spent much time working to confirm the theory of general relativity. He also made observations of the planet Venus, showing that there was insufficient oxygen in the atmosphere to support life (as we know it). Between 1909 and 1930 he published 80 papers. He also served as President of Commission 12 of the International Astronomical Union until 1932.
The crater St. John on the far side of the Moon is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18652101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18652101" title="Wildlife of Sri Lanka">
Wildlife of Sri Lanka

Wildlife of Sri Lanka includes its flora and fauna and their natural habitats. Sri Lanka has one of the highest rates of biological endemism (16% of the fauna and 23% of flowering plants are endemic) in the world even though it is relatively small.
Ecological zones.
The mountains and the southwestern part of the country, known as the "wet zone," receive ample rainfall (an annual average of 2500 millimeters). Most of the southeast, east, and northern parts of the country comprise the "dry zone, which receives between 1200 and 1900 mm of rain annually. 
Fauna.
Mammals.
Sri Lanka is home to roughly 91 species of mammals, 41 of which are threatened (9 critically). 16 of the species are endemic, of which 14 are threatened, including the large Sloth Bear, the endemic Sri Lanka Leopard and Sri Lankan Elephant and the Sambar. Bats have the highest amount of species (out of 200
mammalian orders), with 30 different species. Sri Lanka's surrounding waters are home to 26 species of Cetaceans.
Reptiles.
Sri Lanka currently contains 171 species of reptiles, of which 56 are threatened and 101 are endemic. Most of the reptiles are snakes and the largest are two species of Crocodile, the Mugger crocodile and Saltwater Crocodile.
Amphibians.
Sri Lanka has one of the richest diversity of amphibians in the world, containing over 106 species of amphibians (over 90 of which are endemic) and has been claimed to have the highest amphibian species density in the world though that has been challenged. 52 species of amphibians in Sri Lanka are threatened, all but one of which are endemic.
Birds.
Sri Lanka is home to 227 species of birds (though some past estimates put it as high as 486), 46 of which are threatened (10 critically).
Fish.
Sri Lanka contains 82 species of freshwater fish, of which 28 are threatened.
Butterflies.
245 butterflies species are recorded from Sri Lanka of which 24 are endemic to the island
Insects.
Insects belonging to all 32 orders except Grylloblattodea have been recorded from the Sri Lanka.The total number of insect species recorded from the island is about 11,144. Coleoptera number 3033 species , Lepidoptera 2158 species, and Hymenoptera 1519 species. 
Molluscs.
There is known over 246 land gastropods of Sri Lanka. Fauna of Sri Lanka also include freshwater snails. The number of marine molluscs of Sri Lanka is not known and there is about 240 species listed meantime in 2006.
Scorpions.
There are 18 species of scorpions which are found in Sri Lanka. Out of these 18 species, 7 species are endemic to Sri Lanka. In addition to the endemic species, 4 subspecies of the 9 non-endemic species are also endemic to Sri Lanka.
Sri Lankan scorpions are included in 3 families. 
Flora.
Diversity and endemism of plants in Sri Lanka are quite high. There are 3,210 flowering plants belonging to 1,052 genera. 916 species and 18 genera are endemic to the island. Additionally, all but one of the island’s more than 55 dipterocarps are confined to Sri Lanka. Although not lately assessed, Sri Lanka’s ferns are estimated at about 350 species. Diversity, richness, and endemism across all taxa groups are much higher in the wet zone than in the dry zone. Wet zone, which accounts for only a quarter of Sri Lanka’s land area, harbours 88 percent of the flowering plants, and 95 percent of country's flowering plant endemics. The natural forests of Sri Lanka are categorized into eight types.

</doc>
<doc id="18652109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18652109" title="Yeoh (hyperelastic model)">
Yeoh (hyperelastic model)

]
The Yeoh hyperelastic material model is a phenomenological model for the deformation of nearly incompressible, nonlinear elastic materials such as rubber. The model is based on Ronald Rivlin's observation that the elastic properties of rubber may be described using a strain energy density function which is a power series in the strain invariants formula_1. The Yeoh model for incompressible rubber is a function only of formula_2. For compressible rubbers, a dependence on formula_3 is added on. Since a polynomial form of the strain energy density function is used but all the three invariants of the left Cauchy-Green deformation tensor are not, the Yeoh model is also called the reduced polynomial model.
Yeoh model for incompressible rubbers.
Strain energy density function.
The original model proposed by Yeoh had a cubic form with only formula_2 dependence and is applicable to purely incompressible materials. The strain energy density for this model is written as
where formula_6 are material constants. The quantity formula_7 can be interpreted as the initial shear modulus.
Today a slightly more generalized version of the Yeoh model is used. This model includes formula_8 terms and is written as
When formula_10 the Yeoh model reduces to the neo-Hookean model for incompressible materials.
For consistency with linear elasticity the Yeoh model has to satisfy the condition
where formula_12 is the shear modulus of the material.
Now, at formula_13, 
Therefore, the consistency condition for the Yeoh model is
Stress-deformation relations.
The Cauchy stress for the incompressible Yeoh model is given by
Uniaxial extension.
For uniaxial extension in the formula_17-direction, the principal stretches are formula_18. From incompressibility formula_19. Hence formula_20. 
Therefore,
The left Cauchy-Green deformation tensor can then be expressed as
If the directions of the principal stretches are oriented with the coordinate basis vectors, we have
Since formula_24, we have
Therefore,
The engineering strain is formula_27. The engineering stress is 
Equibiaxial extension.
For equibiaxial extension in the formula_17 and formula_30 directions, the principal stretches are formula_31. From incompressibility formula_19. Hence formula_33. 
Therefore,
The left Cauchy-Green deformation tensor can then be expressed as
If the directions of the principal stretches are oriented with the coordinate basis vectors, we have
Since formula_37, we have
Therefore,
The engineering strain is formula_27. The engineering stress is 
Planar extension.
Planar extension tests are carried out on thin specimens which are constrained from deforming in one direction. For planar extension in the formula_17 directions with the formula_43 direction constrained, the principal stretches are formula_44. From incompressibility formula_19. Hence formula_46. 
Therefore,
The left Cauchy-Green deformation tensor can then be expressed as
If the directions of the principal stretches are oriented with the coordinate basis vectors, we have
Since formula_50, we have
Therefore,
The engineering strain is formula_27. The engineering stress is 
Yeoh model for compressible rubbers.
A version of the Yeoh model that includes formula_55 dependence is used for compressible rubbers. The strain energy density function for this model is written as
where formula_57, and formula_58 are material constants. The quantity formula_59 is interpreted as half the initial shear modulus, while formula_60 is interpreted as half the initial bulk modulus.
When formula_10 the compressible Yeoh model reduces to the neo-Hookean model for incompressible materials.

</doc>
<doc id="18652112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18652112" title="Zadoff–Chu sequence">
Zadoff–Chu sequence

A Zadoff–Chu sequence is a complex-valued mathematical sequence which, when applied to radio signals, gives rise to an electromagnetic signal of constant amplitude, whereby cyclically shifted versions of the sequence imposed on a signal result in zero correlation with one another at the receiver. A generated Zadoff–Chu sequence that has not been shifted is known as a "root sequence".
These sequences exhibits the useful property that cyclically shifted versions of itself are orthogonal to one another, provided, that is, that each cyclic shift, when viewed within the time domain of the signal, is greater than the combined propagation delay and multi-path delay-spread of that signal between the transmitter and receiver.
The complex value at each position "n" of each root Zadoff–Chu sequence parametrised by "u" is given by
where
Zadoff–Chu sequences are CAZAC sequences (constant amplitude zero autocorrelation waveform).
They're named after Solomon A. Zadoff and D. C. Chu. Note that the special case formula_5 results in a Chu sequence.
Properties of Zadoff-Chu sequences.
1. They are periodic with period formula_6 if formula_6 is odd.
2. If formula_6 is prime, Discrete Fourier Transform of Zadoff–Chu sequence is another Zadoff–Chu sequence conjugated, scaled and time scaled.
3. The auto correlation of a prime length Zadoff–Chu sequence with a cyclically shifted version of itself is zero, i.e., it is non-zero only at one instant which corresponds to the cyclic shift.
4. The cross correlation between two prime length Zadoff–Chu sequences, i.e. different values of formula_13, is constant formula_14, provided that formula_15 is relative prime to formula_16 
Usages.
Zadoff–Chu sequences are used in the 3GPP LTE Long Term Evolution air interface in the Primary Synchronization Signal (PSS), random access preamble (PRACH), uplink control channel (PUCCH), uplink traffic channel (PUSCH) and sounding reference signals (SRS). By assigning orthogonal Zadoff–Chu sequences to each LTE eNodeB and multiplying their transmissions by their respective codes, the cross-correlation of simultaneous eNodeB transmissions is reduced, thus reducing inter-cell interference and uniquely identifying eNodeB transmissions. Zadoff–Chu sequence improve over the Walsh–Hadamard codes used in UMTS because they result in a constant-amplitude output signal, reducing the cost and complexity of the radio's power amplifier.

</doc>
<doc id="18652117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18652117" title="1964 American Football League Draft">
1964 American Football League Draft

The 1964 American Football League Draft took place on November 30, 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="18652127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18652127" title="Lawrence Sargent Hall">
Lawrence Sargent Hall

Lawrence Sargent Hall (1915–93) was an American author.
Career.
Hall, a 1936 graduate of Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine who received his Ph.D. in English from Yale University in 1941, taught at several educational institutions including Deerfield Academy and Yale, before he taught English at Bowdoin from 1946 to 1967. He retired as a Henry Leland Chapman professor in 1986 and was a visiting professor at Columbia University in 1956. Additionally, he was an active advocate of the arts in Maine, served to the rank of lieutenant commander in the U.S. Naval Reserve (1943–46), and was director of a censorship intelligence unit of the Office of Strategic Services (1942).
His short story, "The Ledge", won first place in the O. Henry Prize Collection in 1960, and has appeared in more than thirty anthologies. His novel, "Stowaway", received the William Faulkner Award (1962) for best debut novel. He also contributed to several journals including "The Hudson Review".

</doc>
