<doc id="18821226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821226" title="Fire safe councils">
Fire safe councils

Fire safe councils are grassroots community-based organizations which share the objective of making California's communities less vulnerable to catastrophic wildfire. Fire safe councils accomplish this objective through education programs and projects such as shaded fuel breaks or firebreaks to protect area residents against an oncoming wildfire and to provide fire fighters with a place to fight the oncoming fire. The first fire safe councils started in the early 1990s, and there are now over 100 around the state.)
Local fire safe councils usually include representatives from:
The fire agency and local government representatives may be members of the FSC, or may serve in an advisory capacity, depending on local needs.
All fire safe councils are independent entities. Some are organized as non-profit 501(c)(3) corporations; others operate under a memorandum of understanding with a county, city, and/or local fire protection district; some have no formal structure at all. 
Fire safe councils vary in focus. Some are county-wide, while others comprise only the Homeowner's Association in a subdivision, to all sizes in between. There are also several regional associations of fire safe councils.
While some fire safe councils have paid staff, such as an Executive Director, and may have grant funding for fuel reduction projects, all FSCs rely heavily on volunteers for much of their work.
The community-based approach to reducing wildfire risk is being implemented in other locations in the United States. The Nevada Fire Safe Council and FireSafe Montana are examples. Firewise Communities/USA are also community-based organizations focused on wildfire mitigation throughout the US, including California.
Evolution.
The “Fire Safe” concept.
The "Operation Fire Safe" wildfire prevention program was begun in 1968 by the State of California Resources Agency, Department of Conservation, Division of Forestry, (CDF or CAL FIRE) in response to changing wildfire conditions resulting from more and more homes being built in rural areas that were formerly wildland. (The term “Wildland Urban Interface”, or WUI, is used to describe this area.)
Next, the "Fire Safe! Inside and Out" wildfire prevention campaign was developed in 1989 by Loren Poore, Chief of Fire Prevention with CDF. This program created materials, including a video, a brochure, and other items, to educate homeowners about implementing fire safe practices inside and outside the home. Defensible space began to become the catchword for protecting homes and wildlands in the WUI. At this time, most wildfire safety education was conducted by members of the CDF Volunteers in Prevention (VIP) program.
The Oakland Firestorm of 1991 provided a new incentive to increase wildfire prevention education and activities, and CDF formed the Fire Safe Advisory Council, AKA the Fire Safe Council, which included insurance industry representatives, wildland firefighting agencies (such as the U.S. Forest Service (USFS) and the Bureau of Land Management (BLM)), private industry, and the public.
The first fire safe councils.
In the early 1990s, three organizations were formed that were precursors of what eventually became known as local, community-based Fire Safe Councils:
The 1993 Firestorm in Southern California was another major wildfire event. The losses in the Laguna Beach/Emerald Bay area alone made it one of the 10 largest-loss fires in U.S. history as of that date. Residents of the Laguna Beach area formed three committees to deal with the losses as well as to prevent, or at least reduce, future losses. These groups evolved into the present-day Greater Laguna Coast Fire Safe Council.
CDF support for fire safe councils.
In support of the community-based efforts, CDF began including these local groups in its Fire Safe Council. The coalition was headed by the CDF Public Education Officer. Sometime after 1996, as more and more communities started local Fire Safe Councils throughout the state, the Fire Safe Council became known as the California Fire Safe Council (CFSC). The CFSC was a precursor of the current California Fire Safe Council, Inc. (CFSCI).
Through the CFSC, CDF provided assistance to local fire safe councils via monthly meetings where local fire safe councils, and other organizations sharing the fire safe mission, could network; marketing literature such as a brochure; development of videos and Public Service Announcements; a handbook on how to form a Fire Safe Council; and other materials. Marketing support was provided under a contract with the public relations firm Manning Selvage & Lee, which had an office on K Street in Sacramento at the time.
This overall support from CDF ceased when the California Fire Safe Council, Inc. was formed as a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation in mid-2002. However, most individual CDF/CAL FIRE Units continue to work closely with their local area fire safe councils, often providing "in-kind" matching funds for grants as well as advice on fire safe projects.
The number of fire safe councils expands.
With active support from CDF and its California Fire Safe Council coalition, more and more communities began forming local Fire Safe Councils. Expansion of the program accelerated after the Fire Safe Council of Nevada County (FSC/NC) received a Wildland Urban Interface (WUI) grant in 1998. One of the conditions of the WUI grant was that the Executive Director of the FSC/NC take an active role in assisting other communities to form Fire Safe Councils, and aid in their success.
Now, over 100 local Fire Safe Councils are active in California alone, with more forming all the time.
Networking for fire safe councils.
Prior to the incorporation of the CFSCI, the California Fire Safe Council was the primary means of networking for local FSCs. After incorporation, the CFSCI continued to host the monthly meetings for local FSCs until November 2006, when budget constraints would no longer allow for the expense.
Local Fire Safe Council Network Yahoo Group.
In order to provide a way to keep in touch, in 2006 an electronic group was set up on Yahoo! called the Local Fire Safe Council Network. This group continues to provide a valuable link among local FSCs and other organizations and agencies committed to making California's communities fire safe. Membership in the group can be requested by going to the group's web site and clicking on "Join this Group!". Prospective members should provide an indication of their affiliation with a local FSC or other organization/agency in their request to join.
Fire Safe Communities Association.
In February 2011, the Fire Safe Communities Association was established to meet the need for statewide, or even nationwide, collaboration and support among grassroots fire safe organizations. The FSCA provides a broad public forum in which to identify common concerns and issues, share experiences, explore creative ideas, reduce overhead through shared capabilities, and propose, develop, and implement flexible solutions to reduce the wildfire hazard in local communities. Any grassroots organization involved with making their communities safe from wildfire may become a participant, and other organizations and individuals can identify themselves as supporters. The site includes a Forum capability on the "Connect" tab that allows for two-way communication and discussion.
Funding.
Federal funding.
Since 2000, the National Fire Plan and the subsequent Healthy Forests Initiative (HFI) have been the primary source of funding for fire safe councils to do fuel reduction projects on private lands. Currently, in California and Nevada these funds are administered by the California Fire Safe Council, Inc. (CFSCI) which operates the Fire Safe California Grants Clearinghouse on behalf of the California Fire Alliance. Funding is provided to the Grants Clearinghouse by the US Forest Service (USFS), the Bureau of Land Management (BLM), the National Park Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service. In fiscal year 2008-2009, 119 projects throughout California and Nevada will be administered by the Grants Clearinghouse for a total of $13,159,683. (Note that these agencies, notably the USFS, have other grant funding streams that do not go through the Clearinghouse.) Since there is a restriction by these funding sources that projects be "in the vicinity" of Federal lands (generally interpreted to mean within 1.5 miles unless otherwise specified by an approved Community Wildfire Protection Plan), many FSCs are not able to qualify. These programs are due to sunset in the next few years unless Congress takes action to renew them.
Beginning in 2001, Title II and Title III funds from the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self Determination Act of 2000 (AKA "HR 2389") were another source of funds for FSCs in Counties that qualify for HR 2389 payments, especially for staff, operations, and education projects, as funds from the Grants Clearinghouse are generally not available for these functions. In FY 2008, the state of California received a total of $3,892,863 in Title II funds, and $6,888,856.96 in Title III. These funds were paid to Counties, and it was up to the Counties to decide how they are used. Many Counties used at least a portion of the funds for fire safe activities.
HR 2389 expired at the end of 2006, although Congress approved emergency extensions through 2008.
Then in December 2008, reauthorization of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self Determination Act through 2012 was included in the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008. However, major changes were made to Title III which mean that not only has the available funding been significantly reduced, it can no longer be used to cover the administrative costs of fire safe councils. Several councils that depended on this funding to keep their doors open are now struggling to survive.
State funding.
Prior to 2011, there was no statewide funding source specifically for fire safe projects, but there are two state programs that can be used by the FSCs fortunate to be located in the Counties that qualify. Both have a limited life span unless reauthorized by the State Legislature.
The Proposition 40, the California Clean Water, Clean Air, Safe Neighborhood Parks, and Coastal Protection Act of 2002, is operated on behalf of CAL FIRE by the Sierra Coordinated Resource Management Council (SCRMC), a Joint Powers Agreement with the Resource Conservation Districts in the 15 Counties covered by Prop 40. These funds can be used for fuel reduction projects on non-Federal lands by either government agencies or nonprofit organizations.
In 2006, voters passed Proposition 84, with funding appropriated to the Sierra Nevada Conservancy as part of the approved $5.4 billion in bonds to fund programs for safe water supply and quality, flood control, park improvements and natural resource protection. Since catastrophic wildfire is detrimental to water quality and to natural resources, some fire safe projects are eligible for funding from the Conservancy if they are located in the Sierra Nevada region.
In 2011, AB 29 became law and created a “fire prevention fee” for properties in the State responsibility areas (SRA) of California. A key provision of this law is that a portion of these monies are to be used for grants to Fire Safe Councils, among other organizations. Further, “grants shall be awarded to organizations within counties in direct proportion to the benefit fee paid by individual property owners in that county,” so this funding source should not experience the geographic imbalances shown by the grants awarded through the Fire Safe California Grants Clearinghouse.
On August 22, 2011 the Board of Forestry adopted emergency regulations for the initial implementation of the law. These will be followed by permanent regulations in the near future. The emergency regulations assign $25 from the annual fee on each property to go to the grants program.
As of August, 2011 it remains to be seen whether or not efforts to block implementation of the SRA fee will be successful.
All of the State and Federal funding sources described in this section require matching funds, either in the form of cash or "in kind", such as labor, materials, vehicles, etc. While not a formal program, most CAL FIRE units provide financial assistance to their local fire safe councils in the form of "in kind" matching funds for grants.
Other funding sources.
Other sources of funds for fire safe councils are donations from the community, membership dues, grants from sources other than listed here, and funding from their County and/or City government. In addition, a percentage for administration is usually a component of any grants received, although these funds are restricted in that they can only be used an activities associated with the particular grant and must be accounted for to the funding agency.
Examples of fire safe council accomplishments.
This section is not intended to be exhaustive, but rather to give a few examples of what has been accomplished by fire safe councils over the years. Most of these projects are funded by grants.
Special needs assistance.
Many fire safe councils operate a program that assists people with special needs, such as seniors, low-income, and disabled persons, to create and maintain the defensible space around their home. Some examples are:
Free chipper program.
One difficulty homeowners have with creating and maintaining defensible space is what to do with the vegetation once it is removed. To help with this, many fire safe councils provide free access to a chipper. Some examples are:
Defensible space inspection/education program.
The purpose of these programs is to educate homeonwers as to what they need to do to create adequate defensible space and sometimes also give suggestions about modifications to make to the home itself to make it more resistant to wildfire. These are also called "dooryard visits" by some fire safe councils. These volunteers are trained by their local CAL FIRE Unit or their local Fire Protection District.
Fuel breaks.
While defensible space protects homes from wildfire, firebreaks, also called fuel breaks, protect communities. These may also be referred to as "shaded fuel breaks". Fuel breaks are usually linear. The US Forest Service also uses the Strategically Placed Area Treatment (SPLAT) concept. SPLATs may be any shape. Many fuel breaks have been created by fire safe councils, using grant funding. Some examples are:
Community wildfire protection plan development.
The Federal funding sources described in the section on Funding either require that projects be part of an approved Community Wildfire Protection Plan(CWPP), or give preference to such projects. In response, many FSCs have taken a proactive role in getting these plans developed and approved, even though this responsibility really resides with local government. A list of approved plans is available at Community Wildfire Protection Plans/CWPP Status.
Recognition of fire safe councils.
Many fire safe councils, as well as individual contributors, have received recognition for their efforts to improve the ability for California’s communities to survive wildfire. Since it is impossible to list all of these, the following examples are offered in honor of all who have contributed to this important effort.
Relationship with the California Fire Safe Council, Inc..
As described earlier in this article, initially fire safe councils throughout the state, with support from CDF staff and other organizations that shared the fire safe mission, comprised the California Fire Safe Council (CFSC).
However, with the incorporation of the California Fire Safe Council, Inc. (CFSCI) in mid-2002, the old inclusive CFSC disappeared and was replaced by a non-membership 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation. The CFSCI Board of Directors and its staff comprise the CFSCI. Local fire safe councils are no longer members and have minimal impact on, or knowledge of, decisions made by the CFSCI. The CFSCI is simply one more entity among the over 100 independent organizations that focus on wildfire safety throughout the state of California. It has a somewhat different function from local FSCs in that its primary role is to administer the Grants Clearinghouse on behalf of the California Fire Alliance.
Inaccuracies about the role and function of the California Fire Safe Council, Inc..
It appears that the CFSCI has not realized that a transition occurred when it was formed, as its members continue to make assertions that applied to the old CFSC, but are no longer accurate. The following examples, taken from CFSCI Chairman Bruce Turbeville's presentation to the Governor's Blue Ribbon Fire Commission, and from the Fire Safe Council Brochure, retrieved on September 16, 2008 are illustrative.
The corrections below are not intended to detract from the valuable service provided by the CFSCI in its administration of the Grants Clearinghouse. They simply indicate that the thinking of the CFSCI has not kept current with the changes that occurred when the CFSCI was formed.
"Ten years ago, CDF formed the California Fire Safe Council. … We believe we’ve been very successful. The Council is independent of CDF."
"We are the statewide umbrella organization that supports community fire safety efforts and creates consensus on fire safety among diverse audiences. In California, we are the community-level cooperators implementing the National Fire Plan."
"Our local Councils…"
"The Fire Safe Council is a coalition of public and private sector organizations that share a common, vested interest in reducing losses from wildfire.
"The Fire Safe Council empowers communities to become fire safe."
Exclusion of local fire safe councils from the process.
The California Fire Safe Council, Inc. bylaws do not allow for direct participation by local fire safe councils. Thus, the primary of information about the activities and decisions of the CFSCI is to attend the public portion of its quarterly Board of Directors meetings. In general, this is not feasible for local FSCs due to the travel involved, so they must depend on the meeting minutes. 
Minutes of the Board meetings are supposed to be posted in a timely manner to the CFSCI web site. However, as of September 2008, minutes for half of the Board meetings were either incomplete or missing altogether. Further, much of the CFSCI business is conducted in "executive session," which are closed to the public, and the minutes do not list the topics discussed or the decisions reached.
While the CFSCI is not subject to the Brown Act, hopefully it will start to operate that way in the interests of open and transparent communication with the local fire safe councils, since many of its actions and decisions impact local councils. And hopefully it will start to actively include representatives of local councils on its committees.
Firewise and Firewise Communities/USA.
Like fire safe councils, Firewise and the national Firewise Communities/USA program are designed to reach beyond the fire service by involving homeowners, community leaders, planners, developers, and others in the effort to protect people, property, and natural resources from the risk of wildland fire - before a fire starts. Fire safe councils and Firewise Communities/USA both emphasize community responsibility for planning in the design of a safe community as well as effective emergency response, and individual responsibility for safer home construction and design, landscaping, and maintenance.
The national Firewise Communities/USA program, part of the National Wildland/Urban Interface Fire Program sponsored by the Wildland/Urban Interface Working Team, is intended to serve as a resource for agencies, tribes, organizations, fire departments, and communities across the U.S. who are working toward a common goal: reduce loss of lives, property, and resources to wildland fire by building and maintaining communities in a way that is compatible with our natural surroundings.
The Firewise Communities/USA program differs from fire safe councils in that the Firewise program is nationwide while fire safe councils are mainly in California and Nevada. Outside of California and Nevada, where the concept of local fire safe councils are not well developed, Firewise Communities are the major community-based organizational structure.
The two approaches to motivating community members to take responsibility for preparing their communities to be better able to survive a wildfire are very compatible. The major difference between the two methods is that in order to be certified as a Firewise Community, the entire community must be involved, including financially, whereas fire safe councils, especially those that are 501(c)(3) organizations, can operate with a much smaller level of individual participation. Also, fire safe councils often implement projects which go beyond a single community, such as shaded fuel breaks.
The Firewise Communities in California are usually chapters of a county-wide fire safe council, but they can function independently if that best serves the community.
Firewise offers a wide range of resources, including the Firewise Catalog, where materials can be ordered simply for the cost of shipping.
In 2009, the California Fire Safe Council, Inc. began exploring taking over the role of Firewise liaison in California from CAL FIRE. If the CFSCI succeeds in this effort, the impact on Firewise and Firewise Communities in California is unknown, but the concentration of power is a potential concern.
How to Start a Fire Safe Council.
Local fire safe councils (FSCs) are spread throughout California and Nevada. This article is about how to form a local fire safe council in California. For information on forming a local FSC in Nevada, see the Nevada Fire Safe Council.
Background.
Fire safe councils are grassroots community-based organizations which share the objective of making California's communities less vulnerable to catastrophic wildfire. Fire safe councils accomplish this objective through education programs and projects such as shaded fuel breaks or firebreaks to protect area residents against an oncoming wildfire and to provide fire fighters with a place to fight the oncoming fire. The first fire safe councils started in the early 1990s, and there are now over 100 around the state.
Local fire safe councils usually include representatives from:
The fire agency and local government representatives may be members of the FSC, or may serve in an advisory capacity, depending on local needs.
All fire safe councils are independent entities. Some are organized as non-profit 501(c)(3) corporations; others operate under a memorandum of understanding with a County, City, and/or local fire protection district; some have no formal structure at all. 
Fire safe councils vary in focus. Some are county-wide, while others comprise only the Homeowner's Association in a subdivision, to all sizes in between. There are also several regional associations of fire safe councils.
While some fire safe councils have paid staff, such as an Executive Director, and may have grant funding for fuel reduction projects, all FSCs rely heavily on volunteers for much of their work.
Alternatives to a fire safe council.
A local fire safe council may or may not be the best approach to meet your community's needs. Here are two alternatives to consider.
Form a Firewise Community/USA.
If you are working with a small community, or something like a Homeowners Association, Becoming a Recognized Firewise Community/USA might be a better fit than a fire safe council.
Create a Community Emergency Response Team (CERT).
The Community Emergency Response Team (CERT) Program is operated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA. While CERT is primarily focused on disaster response, many CERT groups also participate in pre-disaster mitigation projects.
CERT "educates people about disaster preparedness for hazards that may impact their area and trains them in basic disaster response skills, such as fire safety, light search and rescue, team organization, and disaster medical operations. Using the training learned in the classroom and during exercises, CERT members can assist others in their neighborhood or workplace following an event when professional responders are not immediately available to help. CERT members also are encouraged to support emergency response agencies by taking a more active role in emergency preparedness projects in their community."
To find out if your area has a CERT, or to start a CERT, check with your city or county Office of Emergency Services.
Before you start.
Get yourself educated.
The first step is to get yourself knowledgeable about wildfire and how to prepare your home and community to survive one. There are many resources available on this topic. Some are listed in the Resources section below.
Network with other fire safe councils.
Local Fire Safe Council Network Yahoo group.
The Local Fire Safe Council Network is an online support group whose purpose is "to facilitate communication among California's local Fire Safe Councils, along with the agencies and other organizations and persons who share their vision, as they work toward a fire safe California." You can join the group by going to the home page and clicking on 'Join this group." Once you join, you can ask questions and share your results with other fire safe councils.
Fire Safe Communities Association.
Become a participating organization in the Fire Safe Communities Association (FSCA) by submitting the name of your organization using the Contact form on the FSCA web site. Use the Mailing List tab to add your name to the FSCA mailing list. Take advantage of the Forum capability on the Connect tab to ask questions, offer tips, and/or engage in discussions with other grassroots fire safe organizations.
Find out if a fire safe organization already exists.
Most counties in California have at least one fire safe council, and many have a county-wide FSC. To find out what exists in your county, contact your local fire agency or county office of emergency services. You can also check the list of fire safe councils in the Wikipedia article about fire safe councils or the California Fire Safe Council web site.
If you find that there is already a fire safe council in your county, contact them before proceeding so that you don't duplicate their efforts and so that they can provide you with support.
Connect with your local fire agency.
It is very important to coordinate your activities with your local fire agency. Is your area covered by a formal Fire Protection District or a city Fire Department? If so, arrange to meet with the Chief and/or the Fire Marshal to let him/her know what you are planning. If not, find out what fire agency is responsible for your area. It may be a county agency, or CAL FIRE, or perhaps a Federal agency such as the US Forest Service or the Bureau of Land Management. Once you have determined that, arrange to meet with the Fire Chief or Battalion Chief about your plans.
Connect with the Office of Emergency Services for your city/county.
In addition, find out who is the head of your city or county's Office of Emergency Services, and meet with him/her as well. Find out if your county has a Community Wildfire Protection Plan and if so, how your fire safe council can assist with implementation. Also find out about your city or county Multi-Hazard Mitigation Plan and how you can participate in carrying out the plan.
Download the fire safe council logo.
The fire safe council logo, as seen in this article, is available for downloading at http://www.firesafecouncil.org/education/digitallogos.cfm. No permission is needed to use it.
Publicity.
Getting the word out about your Fire Safe Council meetings and projects doesn't have to be expensive. Here are some ideas:
Web site development.
Setting up a web site doesn't can be done for very little money, or even for free. There are many resources available to assist with this.
Funding.
There are various sources of funding, although it doesn't necessarily take a lot of money to make a big difference in how well prepared your community is for wildfire. Many worthwhile projects can be implemented with little or no cost, as listed below. You local fire agency or city or county may have some funds for copying, or you may be able to get donations from service clubs, insurance agencies, or the community. For larger projects, grant funding may be necessary.
Inexpensive projects.
Education is a major element in wildfire preparation. Here are some ideas:
Federal Grants.
Most Federal funding for fire safe projects is administered through the Fire Safe California Grants Clearinghouse. The Clearinghouse features "one-stop shopping" in that a single Concept Paper is submitted for each proposed project and then the Clearinghouse routes it to all qualified Federal funding sources, including the US Forest Service, Bureau of Land Management, US Fish and Wildlife Service, and National Park Service.
The call for proposals is generally open once a year from mid-December through mid-February. To get on the notification list, go to http://www.firesafecouncil.org/ and subscribe to the FSC E-Newsletter with your e-mail address.
Other funding sources.
Other sources of funds for fire safe councils are donations from the community, membership dues, grants from sources other than listed here, and funding from their County and/or City government. In addition, a percentage for administration is usually a component of any grants received, although these funds are restricted in that they can only be used an activities associated with the particular grant and must be accounted for to the funding agency.
Should you form a 501(c)(3) non-profit?
Most funding sources require that the recipients be organized as some sort of non-profit organization. There are many types of non-profit, but the one most available to local FSCs is the 501(C)(3) Non-profit corporation. There are many pros and cons to forming your own non-profit. For more information on doing this, see the Resources section below. Another alternative is to use existing non-profits to administer your funds.
Use fiscal sponsors instead.
There are many organizations already in existence which qualify as non-profits for administering grant funds. These include, but are not limited to:
California community-based fire safe councils.
This is a list of past and current fire safe councils in California. For FSCs in Nevada, see the Nevada Fire Safe Council. For FSCs in Montana, see FireSafe Montana. For a list of Firewise Communities, go to Firewise Communities/USA.

</doc>
<doc id="18821270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821270" title="Adolf Weidig">
Adolf Weidig

Adolf H. A. Weidig (b. 28 November 1867 Hamburg, Germany; d. 23 September 1931) was an American composer of German origin, born in Hamburg; he came to the United States in 1892. He wrote numerous pieces for orchestra, including a symphony and the tone poem "Semiramis"; among his chamber works are three string quartets and a string quintet. He also wrote songs. He died in Hillsdale, Illinois.
Weidig had been Associate Director of the American Conservatory of Music and was Dean of the Department of Theory in the same. 
References.
General references
Inline citations

</doc>
<doc id="18821299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821299" title="Theft of medieval art from Quedlinburg">
Theft of medieval art from Quedlinburg

The theft of medieval art from Quedlinburg was perpetrated by United States Army Lieutenant Joe T. Meador in the days prior to the end of World War II in Europe. Precious church objects stored near Quedlinburg, Germany were found by the U.S. Army. They were placed under guard, but eight extremely valuable objects went missing, including a 9th-century illuminated manuscript gospel book, the "Samuhel Gospels", ("Samuhel Evangeliar" in German), a printed evangeliary (book of gospel readings for services) dating to 1513 (the "Evangelistar aus St. Wiperti"), both with jeweled book-covers, as well as reliquaries, an ivory liturgical comb and other objects. The most famous illuminated manuscript associated with the town, the 5th century Quedlinburg Itala fragment, once in the church, had been moved to a museum in Berlin and was not stolen.
The missing artifacts started resurfacing in 1987. After various lawsuits against and negotiations with the heirs of the by-then deceased Meador, they were restored to their rightful owners.
Theft.
Quedlinburg Abbey was founded as a proprietary church of the Ottonian Imperial family by Emperor Otto the Great in 936 as a memorial to his father. Over the following centuries, it accumulated a rich collection of treasures donated by the Imperial family. At the Protestant Reformation, it was converted into the Lutheran Church of St. Servatius. 
During World War II, the treasure was moved for security to a mineshaft southwest of the town. On April 19, 1945, the cache was found by a unit of the advancing U.S. Army, the 87th Armored Field Infantry Battalion, and placed under guard. In June, church authorities complained that eight precious objects were missing. However, investigations proved futile and the matter was dropped in 1949 because, by then, Quedlinburg was part of East Germany.
First Lieutenant Meador was a member of the 87th. Before the war, in 1938, Meador had received a bachelor's degree from North Texas State University, majoring in art, so he would have had a better appreciation than most of the value of the find. Several of his fellow soldiers reported seeing him entering the mine and leaving with bundles. Letters he wrote to his family indicate he mailed at least several of the objects home to Whitewright, Texas.
Sale and lawsuits.
Although Meador occasionally showed the art to his co-workers, he made no attempt to sell it. Upon his death of cancer on February 1, 1980, his will made no mention of the artwork.
Jane Meador Cook and Jack Meador, Joe's sister and brother, sold the Samuhel Gospel to the Cultural Foundation of the States, an organization based in Berlin and dedicated to repatriating lost German art, for $3 million. The transaction was finalized on May 9, 1990.
However, news of the sale resulted in a civil lawsuit brought in U.S. District Court on behalf of the Quedlinburg church on June 18, 1990. Negotiations led to an agreement that the Meador family would be paid either $2.75 million (less the 1990 payments) or $1 million for the return of all the artifacts.
The U.S. government chose to press charges. On January 4, 1996, Jack Meador, Jane Cook, and their lawyer, John Torigian, were indicted for "conspiring to receive, possess, conceal, store, barter, sell and dispose of stolen goods and for receiving, possessing, concealing, storing, bartering, selling and disposing of stolen goods." However, on October 22, 1996, the charges were dismissed by the District Court because they had been brought too late under the statute of limitations.
Afterward, the Internal Revenue Service investigated and sought over $50 million in taxes, penalties, and interest. On April 20, 2000, the IRS and the Meador family settled for $135,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18821314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821314" title="Paul Miersch">
Paul Miersch

Paul Friedrich Theodore Miersch (born January 18, 1868, Dresden) was a German-born American composer; he came to the United States and settled in New York in 1892. From 1893 till 1898, he was a solo cellist of the New York Symphony Orchestra. Among his compositions were concertos for violin and for cello, among other orchestral works. He also composed chamber music, including a string quartet, and songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18821340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821340" title="Yatrik">
Yatrik

Yatrik, an Indian film directed by Kartick Chatterjee, depicts a group of pilgrims on an arduous trek in the high Himalayas. It is the Hindi-language version of the Bengali film "Mahaprasthaner Pathey", the film made from the book of the same name, written by Probodh Kumar Sanyal. Abhi Bhattacharya plays a young brahmachari, while Arundhati Mukherjee plays Rani, a strong-willed young widow who develops a soft corner for him.<br>
The film contains many sweet and memorable songs. A part of the film was shot at the Garhwal region in the Himalays. There are stills and videos of famous places of the Uttarakhand (then Uttar Pradesh) Himalayas like Rishikesh, Devaprayag, Kedarnath, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18821357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821357" title="California State Controller election, 1994">
California State Controller election, 1994

The 1994 California State Controller election occurred on November 3, 1994. The primary elections took place on March 8, 1994. The Democratic nominee, Kathleen Connell, narrowly defeated the Republican nominee, ex-State Assemblyman Tom McClintock.
Primary results.
Final results from California Secretary of State.
Results.
Final results from the Secretary of State of California.
Results by county.
Final results from the Secretary of State of California.

</doc>
<doc id="18821367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821367" title="Maritza Martin">
Maritza Martin

Maritza Martin Nuñez (October 29, 1959 – January 18, 1993) was a woman shot to death by Emilio Nuñez, her ex-husband, in 1993 on cemetery ground in North Lauderdale, Florida, USA. Martin was being interviewed (although she didn't answer any questions) by Ocurrió Así reporter Ingrid Cruz, after she visited her daughter's grave while the father, Emilio Nuñez, was there. Their 15-year-old daughter had committed suicide and Nuñez had blamed the incident on Martin. Nuñez believed that their daughter had been abused by her stepfather and murdered or driven to suicide by her mother. Both theories were rejected by investigators. Their daughter had been raised by Martin and Nuñez had no contact with her.
Emilio Nuñez then left the grave site and went to his car, apparently retrieved a weapon, and shot Maritza Martin 12 times. The cameraman managed to film the first few shots while the reporter ran for the car. The footage can now be seen in the films "Bowling for Columbine" and "Executions".
She left behind a son of eighteen months old. She was buried next to her daughter.
In 2000, Emilio Nuñez was found guilty by a jury in Fort Lauderdale.

</doc>
<doc id="18821368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821368" title="Index set (recursion theory)">
Index set (recursion theory)

In the field of recursion theory, index sets describe classes of partial recursive functions, specifically they give all indices of functions in that class according to a fixed enumeration of partial recursive functions (a Gödel numbering).
Definition.
Fix an enumeration of all partial recursive functions, or equivalently of recursively enumerable sets whereby the "e"th such set is formula_1 and the "e"th such function (whose domain is formula_1) is formula_3.
Let formula_4 be a class of partial recursive functions. If formula_5 then formula_6 is the index set of formula_4. In general formula_6 is an index set if for every formula_9 with formula_10 (i.e. they index the same function), we have formula_11. Intuitively, these are the sets of natural numbers that we describe only with reference to the functions they index.
Index sets and Rice's theorem.
Most index sets are incomputable (non-recursive) aside from two trivial exceptions. This is stated in Rice's theorem:
Let formula_12 be a class of partial recursive functions with index set formula_13. Then formula_13 is recursive if and only if formula_13 is empty, or formula_13 is all of formula_17.
where formula_17 is the set of natural numbers, including zero.
Rice's theorem says "any nontrivial property of partial recursive functions is undecidable"

</doc>
<doc id="18821369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821369" title="Harry Newton Redman">
Harry Newton Redman

Harry Newton Redman (December 26, 1869 - December 26, 1958) was an American composer, writer, and artist, born in Illinois. He wrote mainly chamber music, including two string quartets, and composed some songs. He was also active as a painter, and wrote a musical dictionary.
References.
General references
Inline citations

</doc>
<doc id="18821377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821377" title="Supriyadi">
Supriyadi

Supriyadi, older spelling Soeprijadi (April 13, 1923 – 1945?), was an Indonesian national hero who rebelled against the occupying Japanese in 1945.
Early life.
Supriyadi was born in East Java, Dutch East Indies, on April 13, 1923. He attended junior high school, then a school to prepare him for government bureaucracy in Magelang. However, the Japanese invaded Indonesia before he graduated. He then switched to high school and underwent youth training ("Seimendoyo") in Tangerang, West Java.
Involvement with PETA.
In October 1943, the Japanese established a militia, PETA (Defenders of the Fatherland) to assist Japanese forces against the Allies. Supriyadi joined PETA, and after training was posted to Blitar, East Java. He was tasked with overseeing the work of the Romusha forced laborers. The plight of these workers inspired him to rebel against the Japanese. When Supriyadi join with PETA, his got rank as shodancho or platoon commander.
The Blitar rebellion.
When nationalist leader Sukarno visited his parents in Blitar, PETA officers told him that they had begun to plan a rebellion and asked for Sukarno's opinion. He told them to consider the consequences, but Supriyadi, leader of the rebels, was convinced the uprising would succeed.
In the early hours of 14 February 1945, rebels attacked Japanese troops, causing heavy casualties. However, the Japanese defeated the rebellion and put the ringleaders on trial. Six (or eight) people were sentenced to death and the rest were given jail sentences ranging from three years to life. However, Supriyadi was not executed. Some say Supriyadi was run and hide from Japanese and never been found.
Disappearance.
On 6 October 1945 in a government decree issued by the newly independent Indonesia, Supriyadi was named minister for public security in the first cabinet. However he failed to appear, and was replaced on 20 October by "ad interim" minister Muhammad Soeljoadikusuma. To this day his fate remains unknown.
He was officially declared a National Hero on 9 August 1975 in Presidential Decision No. 063/TK/1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18821385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821385" title="Arthur De Wint Foote">
Arthur De Wint Foote

Arthur De Wint Foote (1849–1933) was a civil engineer and mining engineer who impacted the development of the American West with his innovative engineering works and entrepreneurial ventures. In northern California in the late 1890s, he designed and built the North Star Mine Powerhouse, the highest capacity impulse-turbine power-plant of the time, and now a California historic landmark; within that plant he designed and installed the then-largest Pelton wheel turbine. Later, he designed and built Foote's Crossing, a high bridge, and Foote's Crossing Road, both now memorialized as California and US landmarks.
Early years.
Foote was born in 1849 in Guilford, Connecticut; his ancestry was English—from Yorkshire before 1630. After preparatory schooling as a youth, he attended Yale College's Sheffield Scientific School, but left in 1868 before graduating. From there he began his early career in business and construction ventures along the eastern seaboard of the US and in the West Indies basin.
Career.
Immersing himself in learning the civil engineering practicum, with application in mining operations, young Arthur Foote became an exemplar of the motto "Go West, young man"; he aspired to making his career and fortune in the 'new' West. 
In 1873, he landed in San Francisco, seeking work. In quick succession he worked on the Sutro Tunnel site in Virginia City, Nevada—where he assisted with installing the first industrial air compressor in a tunnel or mine in the US West; then on the Eldorado Canal of the American River, which supplied water to new hydraulic mines near Placerville, California. And, in 1874, working for the Southern Pacific Railroad, he assisted the chief engineer building the Tehachapi Loop, the celebrated climbing railway spiral—and now a popular railfan site and National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
In 1876, while posted at the New Almaden Quicksilver Mine in Santa Clara County, California, young Foote returned East to marry and to bring his bride, Mary Hallock Foote, back to California. Soon he moved his family to Deadwood, South Dakota, where he helped supervise the Homestake Mine; then to Leadville, Colorado, during the Colorado Silver Boom. There he served as a (litigation) mining expert for the Iron Silver Mining Company. Later he supervised the Adelaide Mine and other small mines near Leadville. 
Abandoning the high altitudes for health reasons, Foote journeyed to Morelia in Michoacán, Mexico, to prospect a retired silver mine; then to Wood River Valley in south-central Idaho—locale of today's Sun Valley ski resort—to open the Wolftone Mine prospect. Later, he formed a partnership venture and bought water rights on the Boise River where he designed the Boise River irrigation project, then developed it for ten years before it eventually failed for lack of capital. (Ultimately it was completed by the federal government, i.e., the US Bureau of Reclamation, as the Arrowrock Dam project, then the largest arid-lands irrigation scheme in the United States.) After Boise, Foote served as a hydrologist for the newly created US Geological Survey, leading field surveys that documented the hydrology and hydraulics of reaches of the Snake River and Snake River Plain and valley. He returned briefly to Mexico to engineer roads in Baja California for an onyx mine; then 'made home' again to California to manage the Fremont Mine in Amador City, located just east of Sacramento.
Grass Valley, California.
In 1895, Foote settled his family in Grass Valley, California—some 50 miles west of Lake Tahoe—where he was hired to design an electric-generating plant for the North Star Mine, the second largest gold producing mine in California. After studying the site he judged that electric power was neither safe nor dependable for operating the underground works there; instead he conceived a master plan for using air compressors to operate the mine—and using hydro-impulse turbines to power the compressors. 
Now he envisioned a power plant housing an over-sized Pelton water wheel—the recently invented hydro-powered impulse turbine. At 30 feet diameter he designed and erected a drum wheel more than sixty per cent larger than the maximum recommended by the Pelton Water Wheel Company in San Francisco. Upon completion, 'Foote's Pelton wheel' performed successfully as the world's largest operating impulse turbine wheel; it was in continuous use for over 30 years. In 1991 Foote's North Star Mine Powerhouse was designated an International Historic Mechanical Engineering Landmark. 
Foote advanced to superintendent and later to general manager of the North Star Mine. Then he and his wife commissioned the design of North Star House by the architect Julia Morgan. The grand residence was built in 1905 in Grass Valley. Also known as Foote Mansion, the house is notable for its iconic 'western' elegance, and for its association with the careers of three singular 'westerners': the engineer-miner-entrepreneur Arthur Foote, his wife the author-illustrator Mary Hallock Foote, and the master architect Morgan. Later, the author Wallace Stegner made Foote Mansion the setting for his Pulitzer Prize winning novel "Angle of Repose" (1972), which closely referenced the lives of the Footes.
Members of the Foote family occupied the North Star House as home until 1968. The House is listed on national and state registers of historic places; and the landscape-site, including gardens and orchard, has been designated as a local historic landmark. 
While at North Star Mine in 1911, Foote and several partners purchased the Tightner Mine in Alleghany, California. Now Foote designed and constructed a high bridge over the Middle Yuba River and a 22-mile high grade mountain road connecting the two mines. Subsequently, the project — consisting of the Foote's Crossing Road and the Foote's Crossing Road high bridge — was memorialized as a National Register of Historic Places landmark and as a California Point of Historical Interest(No. P401).
Arthur and Mary Foote served ambassadorial roles of representing the 'new' West and the lifestyles to be had there. They frequently received dignitaries and celebrities touring the West and hosted them for extended stays at North Star House; they hosted community and civic events there. He contributed technical papers to professional societies and published scholarly articles addressing public issues, especially re developing the West. He advocated high standards of literacy, both professional and personal, for engineers.
Personal life and controversy.
In 1876, Foote married the illustrator and writer Mary Hallock Foote (1847–1938) in her hometown of Milton, Ulster County, New York. Their marriage produced a son, Arthur Burling Foote, who followed closely after his father's career footsteps, and two daughters Agnes and Betty. Arthur Foote's biography was written by his wife within her memoirs—which were collected by Rodman Paul and published in 1972 as "A Victorian Gentlewoman in the Far West". Mary Hallock Foote, in her own right, was an important literary and pioneer figure in the history of the old West. 
In creating his Pulitzer Prize winning novel "Angle of Repose"(1972), the twentieth century novelist Wallace Stegner appropriated—with permission—portions of Arthur and Mary Foote's life stories from her memoirs (noted above). Stegner used passages taken directly from Mary Foote's actual letters and recast them as fictionalized correspondence of the novel's main character; his choices resulted in controversy within the literary community that continues today.

</doc>
<doc id="18821387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821387" title="Arnold Volpe">
Arnold Volpe

Arnold Volpe (July 9, 1869 – February 2, 1940) was a Lithuanian-born American composer and conductor who came to the United States in 1898. He composed mainly chamber music, including a string quartet, as well as a mazurka for violin and orchestra. He founded both the Lewisohn Stadium Concerts in New York City and the symphony orchestra at the University of Miami, and he conducted five productions for the Washington National Opera, a semi-professional company founded in 1919 and not associated with its current namesake, beginning late in its first season. He was related to the composer Stefan Wolpe.

</doc>
<doc id="18821402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821402" title="Scott Bradner">
Scott Bradner

Scott Bradner is a senior figure in the area of Internet governance. He serves as the secretary to the Internet Society and was formerly a trustee. He is on the board of ARIN, the North American IP address registry. He has also held numerous senior leadership roles on the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) which develops Internet standards. He is also University Technology Security Officer at Harvard University.
In the mid-1990s Mr Bradner distinguished himself as one of the most trustworthy and reliable voices in the area of "Internet governance" -- the process of developing an institution to succeed the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA), which managed the Internet's domain name system, but was essentially run by a computer science professor, Jon Postel. As one of a number of close advisers to Dr. Postel, Mr. Bradner sought to maintain the spirit of "Internet self-governance" -- the idea that the users of the network should decide the rules by which they would abide. 
In 1996 at a conference of the Harvard Information Infrastructure Project, Mr. Bradner famously described two conundrums of the Internet that still hold: "Who says who makes the rules?" and "Who says who pays for what?"

</doc>
<doc id="18821427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821427" title="Wassili Leps">
Wassili Leps

Wassili Leps (1870–1942) was a Russian-born American composer and conductor. Born near Saint Petersburg, he came to the United States in 1894. He frequently conducted at Willow Grove Park near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He wrote numerous operas; "Hoshi-San" was premiered in Philadelphia in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="18821459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821459" title="Nothin' to Lose (Kiss song)">
Nothin' to Lose (Kiss song)

"Nothin' to Lose" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss, released on their self-titled debut album in 1974. It is the first single the band had ever released and the first single off the album, with "Love Theme from KISS" as the B-side. Although the song has failed to chart, it has remained a concert staple during the '70s and was featured on many live albums and compilations.
Background.
Gene Simmons, the sole writer of the song, admitted that the song is about anal sex as it chronicles the singer coercing his girlfriend into trying anal sex, and her subsequent enjoyment of it. Gene Simmons and Peter Criss share the lead vocals on the song.
The song is most notable for being the first Kiss song to feature an extra player, as Bruce Foster played piano on the track. His contribution was noted on the sleeve of the album. "Nothin' to Lose" was one of first songs Kiss performed on their first national appearances, on ABC's Dick Clark's In Concert on February 19 (the show aired on March 29). Other songs performed on the show were "Firehouse" and "Black Diamond".
Live performances.
"Nothin' to Lose" was played often during the '70s, but largely ignored during the '80s. In the '90s, the band performed the song on the Kiss Convention (one time with Peter Criss) and MTV Unplugged and during the Psycho Circus show in Los Angeles, CA.
Appearances.
"Nothin' to Lose" has appeared on following Kiss albums:
Other appearances:

</doc>
<doc id="18821465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821465" title="Adolf Brune">
Adolf Brune

Adolf Gerhard Brune (1870–1935) was an American composer, born in Germany; he came to the United States in 1870. His output was mainly orchestral, and included three symphonies, two piano concertos, and four overtures. He also wrote five string quartets and two string quintets, among other chamber works.

</doc>
<doc id="18821467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821467" title="Lacey Von Erich">
Lacey Von Erich

Lacey Adkisson (born July 17, 1986) is a retired American professional wrestler better known by her ring name Lacey Von Erich. She is the daughter of Kerry Von Erich and the granddaughter of Fritz Von Erich. She is best known for working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling where she is a one-time TNA Knockouts Tag Team Champion.
Professional wrestling career.
World Wrestling Entertainment (2007).
Adkisson signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment in August 2007. She was assigned to Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW) in Tampa, Florida, and became the first third generation wrestler from the Von Erich family. She made her debut for FCW on September 15, 2007 managing Billy Kidman under the ring name Lacey Von Erich. On September 25, 2007, Lacey then appeared as the valet for Ryan O' Reilly along with Maryse Ouellet. On October 9, 2007 Von Erich made her in-ring debut in a loss against Nattie Neidhart. On October 23, Von Erich managed Victoria Crawford in her match against Nicole Bella, and the following month at the November 13 television tapings, Von Erich teamed with Neidhart and Maryse Ouellet in a loss to Crawford and The Bella Twins. She was released from her development contract in late 2007.
Lacey made an appearance at WrestleMania XXV, where the Von Erich family was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame. She was seen in the audience as her uncle, Kevin Von Erich, accepted the induction.
Independent circuit (2008–2009).
Von Erich made her debut for Women Superstars Uncensored (WSU) on the March 7, 2008 at the WSU "Dawn of the Day" event, where she defeated Angel Orsini in a singles match. On March 8, 2008 at the ECPW Arena in Lake Hiawatha, New Jersey, Lacey made her return to wrestling (accompanied by Missy Hyatt) where she defeated Angel Orsini. Von Erich won the match by defeating Orsini with the Iron Claw. On March 22, 2008, Von Erich made her debut in Professional Championship Wrestling in Arlington, Texas. She teamed up with Action Jackson to defeat Mike Foxx and Claudia in a mixed tag team match. Before the debut at PCW she wrestled in a mixed tag team match against JT Lamotta and MissDiss lexia at SWWA in Granbury, TX/ Von Erich joined Pro Wrestling Revolution on June 7, 2008. Von Erich made her debut for Pro Wrestling Revolution (PWR) on July 7 at a PWR event, where she defeated Cheerleader Melissa. In December 2008, she defeated Cheerleader Melissa at a Pro Wrestling Revolution show in San Francisco, California.
On July 10, 2009, Lacey made her debut for Windy City Pro Wrestling (WCPW), winning the WCPW Ladies Championship in a four-way against Faith, Huntress, and Kimberly Kash. On September 26, Von Erich vacanted the WCPW Ladies Championship after she signed a contract with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). Lacey Von Erich made her debut for CWF Wrestling, on the July 25, 2009 episode of "CWF Wrestling", where she defeated Simply Luscious with The Von Erich Claw.
Wrestlicious (2009–2010).
In 2009, Von Erich began working for an all-female wrestling promotion, Wrestlicious, which was created by Jimmy Hart and started airing in March 2010. She, however, had to be released by the company after the tapings of the first season of episodes, after signing with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. She debuted on March 17 episode of "Takedown" in a tag team main event, where she and Amber Lively defeated Draculetta and White Magic via disqualification. On the April 7 episode of "Takedown", Von Erich participated in a battle royal to determine the top two contenders for the Wrestlicious Crown. She was eliminated by Kickstart Katie. On the May 19 episode of "Takedown", Von Erich helped Alexandra the Great in her submission match against Kickstart Katie. She ended up putting Brooke Lynne in the Von Erich Claw to make her drop her towel and give Alexandra the victory over Katie.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (2009–2010).
On the October 1, 2009, episode of Total Nonstop Action Wrestling's "Impact!", Von Erich debuted as a heel (villainous character), by aligning herself with the Beautiful People of Velvet Sky and Madison Rayne and attacking the TNA Knockouts Tag Team Champions, Taylor Wilde and Sarita. On the October 15 episode of "Impact!" she made her in-ring debut teaming with Sky and Rayne in a six knockout tag team match, where they defeated the team of Awesome Kong, ODB and Tara. Two weeks later on "Impact!" she once again teamed with Sky and Rayne in a six knockouts tag team match, where they defeated ODB, Christy Hemme and Hamada, when Von Erich pinned Hemme after a chokeslam, scoring her first victory in TNA. On November 5, she started carrying a pink nightstick with her to the ring, dubbed "Lacey's Ugly Stick". At Turning Point, the Beautiful People were unsuccessful in gaining any gold in TNA, as ODB pinned Rayne in a six knockout tag team match with all the gold on the line to win the match for the reigning champions. The Beautiful People began appearing in backstage segments they dubbed as their reality show "The Meanest Girls", an allusion to the 2004 teen comedy "Mean Girls". On the December 10 episode of "Impact!" Von Erich was defeated by Velvet Sky in a mud wrestling match refereed by Madison Rayne. The match was booked by Kevin Nash, who was in charge for the evening, in an attempt to get big ratings. On December 17 episode of "Impact!", Von Erich had a backstage confrontation with interviewer Lauren Brooke, which ended with Brooke slapping Von Erich. The following week, Von Erich claimed that she had gotten Brooke fired from TNA.
On the January 14, 2010, episode of "Impact!" Sky, Rayne and Von Erich were attacked by the returning Angelina Love, whom Von Erich had replaced in the Beautiful People. On the March 8 Monday night episode of "Impact!" Rayne and Sky defeated the teams of Love and Tara and Sarita and Taylor Wilde in a three-way match to win the vacant TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship, which they defended with Von Erich under the Freebird rule. Her first title defense was on the April 19 episode of "Impact!", where she teamed with Velvet Sky to defeat the team of Daffney and ODB. On the May 8 episode of "Impact!", Von Erich, Sky and Rayne successfully defended their titles against Sarita, Taylor Wilde and Tara. On the May 17 episode of "Impact!", Von Erich and Sky successfully defended their titles against Sarita and Taylor Wilde. On the June 17 episode of "Impact!" Von Erich competed in her second singles match in TNA against Angelina Love, who was making a return from an injury, and won via disqualification after she was dropped on a steel chair with a DDT.
On July 11 at Victory Road, Rayne lost the Women's Knockout Championship to Angelina Love via disqualification due to outside interference from a person incognito in a motorcycle helmet. Prior to the match it was announced that the title would change hands via disqualification, if either Velvet Sky or Lacey Von Erich interfered in the match. On the following episode of "Impact!", The Beautiful People imploded as Sky said she didn't approve of Rayne's recent attitude, behavior, and apparent affiliation with the mystery woman at the pay-per-view, to which Rayne responded by saying that she didn't need Sky anymore. Sky and Von Erich then walked out on Rayne as she and the mystery woman ganged up on Love. On the July 22 episode of "Impact!", the Women's Knockout Championship was returned to Rayne, when it was declared that there was no proof that the person who had interfered in the match was either Sky or Von Erich. Later that same night Rayne managed to convince Von Erich to abandon Sky and leave with her and the mystery woman. On July 27, at the tapings of the August 5 episode of "Impact!", Von Erich and Sky lost the TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship to Hamada and Taylor Wilde, when Rayne's and the mystery woman's interference backfired. Later in the night, Sky and Rayne were seen fighting backstage, during which Sky shoved Von Erich, who tried to make peace between her team mates, inadvertently knocking her unconscious. The following week it was announced that Von Erich had suffered a broken cheek bone in the scuffle.
On the September 16 episode of "Impact!", Von Erich returned from her injury teaming with Rayne against Wilde and Hamada for the TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship. Von Erich and Rayne were unsuccessful in regaining the championships, after which Von Erich was attacked by Rayne and Tara, before being saved by Velvet Sky and Angelina Love, thus turning Von Erich into a face (fan favorite). On the September 23 episode of "Impact!", Lacey Von Erich teamed with Sky against Wilde and Hamada for the TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship, but were unsuccessful in regaining the championships, after Madison Rayne hit Von Erich with motorcycle helmet. On the October 14 episode of "Impact!", Von Erich appeared in an in-ring segment with Love, Sky and Jersey Shore cast member Jennifer "JWoww" Farley where they attacked Cookie and Robbie E. On the October 28 episode of "Impact!" it was announced that Von Erich had agreed to train Miss Tessmacher to wrestle, after her stable mates had turned her down the previous week. However, on November 11, 2010, Adkisson announced her departure from TNA.
Hulkamania: Let the Battle Begin (2009).
In November 2009, Von Erich took part in the Australian tour "" created by Hulk Hogan. On November 21 she won a bikini contest, which also included Koa Marie Turner, Stephanie Pietz and Kiara Dillon. She also interfered in the main event between Hogan and Ric Flair, on Flair's behalf. In other matches on the tour she was used as Flair's manager.
Other media.
On January 25, 2010, Lacey appeared as a live guest on the weekly "Right After Wrestling" radio program on Hardcore Sports Radio on SIRIUS Radio Channel 98 with host Arda Ocal. In November 2010 she was a contestant on an all TNA week of "Family Feud", teaming with Angelina Love, Christy Hemme, Tara and Velvet Sky against Jay Lethal, Matt Morgan, Mick Foley, Mr. Anderson and Rob Van Dam.
Personal life.
Adkisson is part of the Von Erich family. Her grandfather was Fritz Von Erich, and she is the daughter of Kerry Von Erich. She has an older sister named Hollie. She has two children.
Adkisson runs her own advertising company in Southern California. In early 2009, she was diagnosed with meningitis after complaining of a migraine, but she made a full recovery.
Footnotes.
Von Erich defended the title with either Rayne or Sky under the Freebird Rule.

</doc>
<doc id="18821469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821469" title="Geology of Alderney">
Geology of Alderney

The geology of Alderney includes similarities in its rock to the neighbouring Normandy and Guernsey. Although Alderney is only five kilometers long, it has a geological history spanning half of the life of the earth. It is part of the Armorican Massif.
Geological history.
Relics of sediments appear as xenoliths in granites. However the earliest dated rock is the grey coloured Western Granodiorite from in the Paleoproterozoic. As its name suggests it is found in the west end of Alderney. The xenoliths in it are dark ellipses that demonstrate that the rock has been squashed. This granite in turn was intruded by the Telegraph Bay Granite in the southernmost part of the island. This granite contains 50 mm feldspar crystals. Aplite veins continued from the same magma. The final stage of intrusion was a microgranite forming many dykes. Feldspar in the pink microgranite is only 2 mm big. 
The next stage of geological history was the intrusion of the Central Diorite Complex that makes up the north and centre of the island. This belongs to the Cadomian Orogeny time at . Embedded in the diorite are a couple of large gabbro inclusions, as well as a picrite on the east of Braye Bay. Some of the diorite has orbicular structure, concentric spheres of plagioclase and hornblende rich zones form balls up to 20 cm in diameter. A pale coloured granite intruded on the north: the Bibette Head Granite. This contains many xenoliths. Sodium rich dykes then were intruded.
In the next stage the terrane was uplifted, and eroded. Fine grained sand that formed quartzite was deposited. Further weathering ensued, with most of this deposit removed and laterite formed. Next a stream channel formed over the land, dumping coarse sand with feldspar. This formed a pink sandstone.The flow came from the northwest, with particles derived from granite and gneiss. initially this filled in the hollows in the underlying granites, but soon overflowed into a braided channel. Flood plain conditions caused layers of silt to form between the sand. These sediments deposited in the Cambrian are probably the final stage of the Cadomian Orogeny.
In the Variscan Orogeny folding and faulting affected all the rocks. Dolerite (or diabase) and lamprophyre dykes intruded. These are probably from the Carboniferous period.
In the Pleistocene varying sea levels caused raised beaches to form 8, 18 and 30 meters above the current sea level. As in Jersey, loess blew in as dust from the bare ground in the near glacial conditions in the ice ages. Head also formed in the periglacial circumstances by breaking off rock fragments and mixing with dirt.

</doc>
<doc id="18821476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821476" title="War of the Bands">
War of the Bands

The War of the Bands (, ) was a civil war, really an extended series of blood feuds, in the western Basque Country, Gascony, and Navarre in the Late Middle Ages. The main primary source for the War is "Las Bienandanças e fortunas" by Lope García de Salazar, written "c".1471. The war is named after the aristocratic networks of familial alliances and their armed followings, known as "bandos" (bands), that carried out constant wars for power and honour across three kingdoms. The wars ceased only with the imposition of royal authority under Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella of Castile, the Catholic Monarchs. 
The wars resulted partly from the destabilising effect of the Castilian Civil War and the ensuing political weakness of the House of Trastámara. That the Seniory of Biscay effectively ceased to exist after 1370 and was subsumed in 1379 into Castile only exacerbated the effects of political anarchy on Biscay. The rise of the towns, notably Bilbao and Bermeo, caused jockeying for municipal power between the rich urban families. The landed nobility, enfeoffed in the heavily encastellated countryside, nursed feuds that dated back centuries. The Ligizamon and Zamudiano had been enemies since 1270. Many minor noble families were caught in the feuds of the great families by ties of marriage. 
In 1362, in the early stage of the conflicts, the Ligizamon and Zurbarán families fought a battle in the streets of Bilbao. They battled again in the market of Bermeo in 1413. Thereafter until 1433 the fighting between the two bands continued without a truce. The Vasurta, who had been enemies of the Ligizamon over the rights to a salmon, fought on the side of the Zurbarán. The urban warfare was less fatal than the pitched battles often fought in the countryside: only five men died in a fracas in Bilbao in 1440 and only ten in the streets of Bermeo in 1443. 
In 1413 a private war broke out between Juan de Sant Pedro, from the Labourd in the English Duchy of Gascony, and the Navarrese houses of the Espeleta and the Alzate. After the head of the Alzate and his son were killed, Lord Fernando of the Gamboa family of Gipuzkoa married his son to the daughter and heiress of the Alzate. In consequence he led an attack on Juan de Sant Pedro to avenge his daughter-in-law's family. He was defeated and killed and 150 men died in the battle. 
Around 1420 the Gamboinos extended their feuding with an assault by night on the Oñaz family, also of Guipúzcoa. On Christmas, the Oñaz' manor was set alight and the head of the house plus nine others died in the blaze. The Oñaz family lands were then ravaged by the Gamboinos and their allies, but the allies of the Oñaz came to their defence. Of the latter, the Lescano attacked the Gamboino-allied Valda family and killed its leader. With the end of this little war a whole new network of blood feuds had come into being. 
The Gamboinos and the Valda fought against the Oñaz and the Lescana at Zumarraga in 1446. The Oñaz were victorious and burnt the Gamboino fortress at Azkoitia. Seventy men and twelve of the leaders were killed. The families, with every wider networks of allies, engaged again in 1447 and 1448. 
As early as 1390 and 1393 warring in Biscay had been reduced by the intervention of the royalist "hermandades", capable of drawing on the revenues of royal estates. In 1415 the "corregidor", the royally-appointed governor of the "hermandad", acting on royal orders, siphoned off Biscayan wheat to the Asturias, inciting a rebellion. The Biscayans were defeated at Erandio with the loss of sixty men and the wheat transfers continued. In 1442 the "hermandades" interfered successfully in Bilbao and Mondragón, but the peace established did not endure. In 1457 the war between the Gamboinos and the Oñaz was brought to an abrupt end when the "hermandades" rebelled against them both, seized their manors, and expelled their leaders from Guipúzcoa. 

</doc>
<doc id="18821486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821486" title="Theodore Stearns">
Theodore Stearns

Theodore Stearns (1881–1935) was an American composer. Born in Berea, Ohio, he wrote a number of operas. Of these, "The Snowbird" was given at the Chicago Civic Opera in 1923; this work won the Bispham Memorial Medal Award. He taught music at the University of California, Los Angeles from 1932 until 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="18821499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821499" title="Kolyma Bay">
Kolyma Bay

The Kolyma Bay (Russian: Колымская Губа; Kolymskaya Guba) is one of the main gulfs of the East Siberian Sea.
The bay gets its name from the Kolyma Lowlands, whose coastline forms the whole eastern half of this bay. The Kolyma Lowlands are dotted with numerous lakes and swamps. The sea in this bay is frozen for over nine months every year and is often clogged with ice floes.
The Kolesovsky Island and Kolesovskaya Otmel are located close to the shore in the central part of the Kolyma Bay. Further west, the Indigirka River flows into the sea on the western side of the Kolyma Bay, forming a large river delta. The Sundrun River has its mouth at the northwestern limit of the bay
The Kolyma Bay should not be confused with the larger Kolyma Gulf further east.
Administratively the Kolyma Bay belongs to the Sakha Republic (Yakutia) of the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18821505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821505" title="Karl-Gustav Kaisla">
Karl-Gustav Kaisla

Karl-Gustav Kaisla (4 October 1943 Helsinki(Using Google Translate)</ref> – 21 September 2012 Helsinki) was a Finnish ice hockey referee. He officiated in three World Championships and in one Olympic Tournament.
He was the referee for the Miracle on Ice game on February 22 with the United States facing the Soviet Union during the 1980 Olympic Games at Lake Placid.
After his active hockey career was finished Kaisla worked as a supervisor of other referees.

</doc>
<doc id="18821511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821511" title="Inamuragasaki">
Inamuragasaki

History.
For this reason, it appears often in the historical record. It is first mentioned in the Genpei Jōsuiki because the Miura clan in 1180 crossed it twice to go rescue Minamoto no Yoritomo at the battle of Ishibashiyama. The troops didn't arrive in time, Yoritomo was defeated and the Miura had to go back the way they had come. 
The cape then appears in the because its author in 1223 passed it to enter Kamakura. Inamuragasaki is also mentioned in the Azuma Kagami, the Man'yōshū, the Heike Monogatari and the Taiheiki, although the first two call it with its old name, . 
Finally, Nitta Yoshisada made it immortal in Japanese culture bypassing it on the evening of July 3, 1333 to invade Kamakura, bringing the Kamakura shogunate to an end. For this reason, it has been nominated a Historic Site by the Japanese government.
's forces came down Kamakura Kaidō's northern course (the ), fighting the Hōjō along the way Arrived in Kamakura, they first tried to enter through the Gokuraku, Kobukorozaka and Kewaizaka Passes, but concentrated Hōjō forces managed to stop them. Judging it impossible to enter by land, Nitta decided to try bypassing Inamuragasaki.
The Taiheiki version of the events.
According to the "Taiheiki", on the night before the attack Nitta watched from the top of a hill the enemy camp and its defenses closing the Gokuraku Pass, then the beach, blocked by heavy fortifications. He knew that the sea was guarded by hundreds of enemy ships. Looking at nearby Inamuragasaki, he threw his sword into the surf, prayed to Ryūjin and asked for its help. The sea retreated by twenty "chō" (a mile), taking the Hōjō navy away and leaving ample space for his forces to penetrate. The stele at , the tiny bay west of Inamuragaki, says:
666 years ago on May 21, 1333 Nitta Yoshisada, judging an invasion on land to be difficult, decided to try to bypass this cape. This is the place where, according to tradition, he threw his golden sword into the waves, praying the sea-god to withdraw them and let him pass. (Stele erected in 1917)
In 1993, however, Japanese historian Susumu Ishii, after examining and comparing historical records and the results of recent surveys, declared that the date given by the Taiheiki must be wrong, and that the likely day of entry of Nitta's army must have been June 30, 1333.
What historians believe happened.
Recent scientific surveys "in situ", taken into account present tide levels and estimated tide levels in 1333, confirm that Nitta's army could have entered Kamakura through Inamuragasaki exploiting a low tide. Since Nitta had spent a long time in Kamakura as a vassal of the Hōjō, he could have been familiar enough with its tides to be conceivably able to take advantage of them.

</doc>
<doc id="18821518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821518" title="Place Denfert-Rochereau">
Place Denfert-Rochereau

Place Denfert-Rochereau, previously known as Place d'Enfer, is a public square located in the 14th arrondissement of Paris, France, in the Montparnasse district, at the intersection of the boulevards Raspail, Arago, and Saint-Jacques, and the avenues René Coty, Général Leclerc, and , as well as the streets Froidevaux, Victor-Considérant and de Grancey. It is one the largest and most important squares on the left bank of the Seine. 
The square is named after Pierre Denfert-Rochereau, the French commander who organized the defense at the siege of Belfort during the Franco-Prussian War (1870–1871). It is dominated by the Lion of Belfort statue (a smaller version of the original in the town of Belfort) by Frédéric Bartholdi.
The square is the location of the Paris Catacombs museum. It is frequently the place where demonstrations and protest marches in Paris either start or end. The square is also the place depicted on the backdrop at the beginning of the third act of "La Bohème" by Puccini.
History.
This place owes its original official recognition to "letters patent" dated 9 August 1760, which applied to the part of the site that was located "inside" the old Wall of the Farmers-General (the wall built, under the "ancien régime", to prevent the evasion of excise taxes) that separated Paris from the suburb of Montrouge, that is to say, the northeastern portion of the present Place Denfert-Rochereau. An ordinance of the Bureau of Finances, dated 16 January 1789, recognized the southwestern portion, the part outside the wall, as part of Paris. The opening in the wall itself, that permitted entry or exit from Paris, was commonly called the "Barrière d’Enfer". It is mentioned in "Les Misérables" by Victor Hugo:
Here, astride the opening in the wall, the architect, Claude Nicolas Ledoux, constructed two tollhouses to be used for the collection of the "octroi", a local tariff levied on products entering Paris. At the center of the present square, these two "pavilions" once framed the opening in the wall, and now, oddly, the entrance to the "underworld" of the catacombs lies next to the western one of them, the pavilion at the "barrière d'Enfer" ("barrier of Hell").
Former name.
Traditionally called by the rather unattractive name of "Place d’Enfer" (Place of Hell), the square had the name of Denfert-Rochereau ascribed to it through a sort of "municipal pun". The Franco-Prussian War had demoralized the French populace, and there was widespread damage all over northeastern France and to Paris itself. Anxious to put a positive spin on the defeat, the French authorities were looking for heroes to glorify. (At this time, for example, the village of Bitche, located near the German border on the Orne, had a Parisian square named for it because it had put up a spirited defense against the Prussians.)
Denfert-Rochereau was a courageous man and an authentic hero, but whether his grandiose nickname, "The Lion of Belfort", was deserved is a matter of some debate. Nonetheless, since "Denfert" (of Denfert-Rochereau) is pronounced exactly the same as "d'Enfer" (of Place d'Enfer), this coincidence was too perfect for the "mairie" (city hall) to ignore. They renamed the square Place Denfert-Rochereau, and they could plausibly deny that they were ignoring Paris's ancient traditions in so doing. The name has remained Place Denfert-Rochereau ever since.
Places of interest.
The main square, Place Denfert-Rochereau, is planted with trees, mostly horse chestnuts, maples, and locusts, and there are three named "green spaces" within it as well: Square Abbé Migne, Square Jacques Antoine, and Square Claude Nicolas Ledoux. At the center of the square, in the midst of the traffic circulation, is a one-third-scale replica of the Lion of Belfort statue by Bartholdi, symbolizing the courage of the resistance raised by Colonel Denfert-Rochereau at Belfort. In the garden to one side is a monument by Jean Boucher commemorating Ludovic Trarieux.
The entrance to the catacombs is located next to a handsome stone building with three romanesque arches across its facade, on the odd-numbered side of Avenue du Colonel-Henri-Rol-Tanguy (a street, one block in length, that hardly qualifies as an avenue.) This entrance is directly across the street from an identical even-numbered building that houses the Directorate of Roads and Transport ("Direction de la Voirie et des Déplacements"). These two buildings, classified as historical monuments, are the pavilions of the old "Barrière d'Enfer", where taxes were collected on goods entering Paris. They are built to the design of the 19th-century architect, Claude Nicolas Ledoux, whose work can be found all over the city. This part of the square has enveloped the site of the "Barrière d'Enfer", as well as part of the boulevards d'Enfer and Saint-Jacques, and a part of the boulevards Montrouge and Arcueil, roads which, at one time, led to those two southern suburbs but no longer exist.
Metro station.
The Place Denfert-Rochereau is:
The station for the RER Line B commuter train is now in the old railway station of the Sceaux line, the entrance to which is also in the square.

</doc>
<doc id="18821525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821525" title="Firehouse (Kiss song)">
Firehouse (Kiss song)

"Firehouse" is a song by American hard rock band Kiss released on their eponymous debut album in 1974. The track was written by the bands' rhythm guitarist and vocalist Paul Stanley. During live performances, the bassist Gene Simmons has breathed fire, with red lights flashing and sirens sounding. "Firehouse" has remained a concert staple and is regarded as one of the band's classic songs. With its fan-favorite status, the song is one of the most played songs in the Kiss catalog, having been played over one thousand and one hundred times as of November 2012.
Background.
Paul Stanley wrote the song while he attended Manhattan High School of Music and Art in New York. He said he was inspired by The Move's song "Fire Brigade". The tracks are similar in their choruses ("Get the fire brigade" and "Get the firehouse") and background sound effects. Kiss played the song during its early Wicked Lester period and often afterwards as well.
"Firehouse" was one of the first numbers that Kiss performed on its earliest national appearances, including ABC's Dick Clark's In Concert on February 19 (the show aired on March 29). Other songs performed on the show were "Nothin' to Lose" and "Black Diamond". The band also played the song on The Mike Douglas Show on April 29. That broadcast included Gene Simmons' first televised interview.
"Firehouse" is associated with Gene Simmons' fire breathing antics during concerts. One of many incidents occurred on December 31, 1973 at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in New York when the band was opening for Blue Öyster Cult. Gene Simmons' hair caught fire for the first of many times.
In November 1972, Kiss, then performing as a Stanley-Simmons-Criss trio, played "Firehouse" along with "Strutter" and "Deuce" to Epic Records' A&R director Don Ellis. The showcase was intended to secure a record deal for the group. During the performance of "Firehouse", the band started ringing a bell. Stanley, enacting a fire-fighting scenario, then retrieved a red pail and threw it at an alarmed Ellis, who thought there was a real fire taking place. As Ellis was leaving, Peter Criss' drunk brother also vomited on his foot. Ellis later said that it was the worst performance he had ever heard.
Live performances.
"Firehouse" has remained a constant concert staple with the band performing it on almost every tour to date. An incident occurred during the Kiss Alive/35 World Tour on November 9, 2009 in Winnipeg when a concussion bomb caught fire after the performance of "Black Diamond". Soon after the fire started, Gene Simmons started to play the bassline for the song, with the whole band joining eventually. Eric Singer sang parts of the song since the other members couldn't reach their microphones.
Appearances.
"Firehouse" appears on following Kiss' albums:

</doc>
<doc id="18821527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821527" title="Bertram Shapleigh">
Bertram Shapleigh

Bertram Shapleigh (15 January 1871-1940) was an American composer, heavily interested in the culture of Asia. 
He studied composition with G.E. Whiting and George Whitefield Chadwick at the New England Conservatory; graduating in 1891. He continued his studies with Edward MacDowell in the United States and spent sume time studying in France and Germany as well. A man of wide interests, he entered the Vermont Medical College graduating with an MD degree in 1893. He became a lecturer on the arts, but a developing concern with South Asian music that led him to give his attention fully to music and to composition. He played the piano and cello, and gave lecture-recitals on music history, Eastern music and Wagner’s operas. In 1898 he left the USA for Europe, eventually settling in England in 1902. However, after his house, with his library of 7000 volumes, had been destroyed by fire, he returned to the USA in 1917, to serve as an adviser to Breitkopf & Härtel and editor of the Concert Exchange. He lectured widely, wrote for magazines and newspapers, published three books of poetry and a novel, and composed numerous pieces in various forms. His works are in a Romantic style, sometimes using themes and timbres imitative of Indian music. After his death a Bertram Shapleigh Foundation was established in Washington, DC, and his manuscripts are deposited there. He wrote a number of orchestral works, some including choir; several operas; church music; many songs, and a string quartet, among other chamber works.

</doc>
<doc id="18821556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821556" title="Gary Gray (baseball)">
Gary Gray (baseball)

Gary George Gray (born September 21, 1952 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman who played parts of six seasons from until . During that time, he played for the Texas Rangers, Cleveland Indians, and Seattle Mariners.
Gray was selected by the Rangers in the 18th round of the 1974 Major League Baseball Draft, then spent the next three years in their farm system. He made a brief, one-game appearance in the majors in 1977, going 0-for-2. He had brief trials in the next two seasons as well before being traded to the Indians in January . That year, he had another brief trial with Cleveland, but hit just .148 and was dropped from their major league roster.
The following offseason, he was picked by the Mariners in the Rule 5 Draft. He had his best season in , splitting time at first base with starter Bruce Bochte and hitting 13 home runs in just 208 at bats. The next season, however, he was pushed aside by prospect Jim Maler, coming off the bench again to hit .257 in 80 games. After the season, his contract was sold to the California Angels, but never again played in the majors.

</doc>
<doc id="18821559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821559" title="Party de plaisir">
Party de plaisir

Party de plaisir is the debut album of French rapper Teki Latex. One fourth of French hip-hop group TTC, Latex opted to go electro-pop on his solo effort. Teki's album was released on June 4, 2007 and produced by Gonzales and Renaud Létang. The album's first single "Disco Dance With You", dropped in July 2006, with the second single, "Les Matins de Paris", a duet with 80s French singer, Lio, following in early 2007. Both singles are available as EPs. (A longer version of Latex's debut appears in the American iTunes Store with 3 additional remixed tracks.) For this album, Latex did a collaboration with French label Sixpack France and edited a limited t-shirt.
Teki Latex took the unusual approach of using alternative promotion methods that included a special parade across Paris' streets. An ice cream cart, modified to play Teki's new album over loudspeakers was pushed along in the parade while dedicated fans handed out balloons and candy. The parade ended with Teki himself hosting a listening party at Cafe de la Ville.
In France, the album peaked at #75 on the SNEP albums chart, on 9 June 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18821569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821569" title="Frank Edwin Ward">
Frank Edwin Ward

Frank Edwin Ward (October 7, 1872 – 1953) was an American composer and organist. Born in Wysox, Pennsylvania, he was the son of author Cyrenus Osborne Ward, and the nephew of Lester Frank Ward. He was educated at Columbia University, and later served as its organist for some time. He wrote some works for orchestra and a deal of chamber music in addition to church music, cantatas, and songs. He was a pupil of Edward MacDowell.

</doc>
<doc id="18821578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821578" title="Sergio Vega (singer)">
Sergio Vega (singer)

José Sergio Vega Cuamea (September 12, 1969 – June 26, 2010), better known by his stage name "El Shaka", was a Mexican banda singer. He was born in Ejido Hornos, Sonora, located near Ciudad Obregón in Mexico. On 26 June 2010, he was killed by gunfire in the Mexican state of Sinaloa after a car chase. The assailants pursued Sergio Vega for a distance, shooting at him and his passenger Montiel Sergio Ávila 30 times. He was killed and Ávila was seriously injured. Vega had recently increased his security because of other celebrity deaths like that of Sergio Gómez.
Career.
Vega, eighth of thirteen children, immigrated to the United States in 1988. In 1989, while living in Phoenix, Arizona, he and his brothers formed a group called Los Hermanos Vega, which signed with Joey Records and had several hits such as "Corazón de Oropel" and "El Rayo de Sinaloa".
In 1994, after five years with the group and following a falling out with his brothers, Vega decided to leave, forming another group called Los Rayos del Norte, and signing with Digital Universal. This group had hits such as "Las Parcelas de Mendoza", "El Dólar Doblado", "El Ayudante", "Olor a Hierba", "Eres mi Estrella", and "Ayúdame a Vivir". After three years under this name Vega decided, for publicity reasons, to change the name of his group to Sergio Vega y Sus Shakas Del Norte, which it has remained Two of his most recent album releases included "Me Gusta Estar Contigo" (2004), and "Cuando El Sol Salga Al Reves" (2007) and his latest album "El Jefe De Plazas" (2008) with hits like "Disculpe Usted" and "Que Se Mueran Los Feos".
Death.
On June 26, 2010, Vega was murdered while on his way to perform at a village festival concert in the Mexican state of Sinaloa. Gunmen travelling in a truck drove alongside his red Cadillac and opened fire on the vehicle. They then reportedly fired shots at Vega's head and chest from close range.
At the time of his death, rumours had been circulating online that he had already been killed. Just hours before he was shot, Vega was interviewed for an article on entertainment website La Oreja, in which he confirmed he was still alive. "It's happened to me for years now, someone tells a radio station or a newspaper I've been killed, or suffered an accident," Vega told the website. "And then I have to call my dear mom, who has heart trouble, to reassure her," he explained.
Vega was a singer of narcocorridos — ballads that celebrate the lives of drug dealers. Musicians who play this kind of music in Mexico are known to sometimes become the targets of rival gangs. At least seven of these musicians have been killed over the past three years in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18821585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821585" title="Traditional Korean roof construction">
Traditional Korean roof construction

Traditional Korean roof construction has traditionally used many kinds of natural materials. They are made of neowa (shingle), giwa (tiles), byeotjib (rice Straw), stone giwa (tiles), eoksae (eulalia) and goolpy (oak bark)
Poo
Neowajib (a shingle-roofed house) can be seen in mountain villages (for example, in Gangwon-do), since these are places which are hard to get materials, such as Giwa and rice straw. Instead, it is made with the pieces of thick bark of about 200 years old red pine trees which are easy to get. The size of neowa is not fixed, but it is usually about 20~30cm wide, 40~59cm long and 4~5cm thickness. Usually 105~140 of neowa used to complete a roof. To protect neowa from the wind, heavy stones or logs were put on the roof. The air can be changed through the gaps between neowa, since there was no smokestack. When it rains, the wood with moisture can have a waterproof effect. In common, neowa's durability is around 5 years. However, it is not true that all of neowa changed at the same time. If there's rotten one it was replaced by new one. Neowajib has rooms, a kitchen and a cow shed under one square roof, to protect domestic animals from mountain beasts, and to keep warm in winter. As red pine trees disappear, neowajib disappear gradually. Finally there are only 3 neowajib in Korea.
Giwa (Tile).
Giwa is a construction material for put roofing. It is also called gaewa. One of the basic forms of giwa is amkiwa (flat giwa) and sukiwa (round giwa); one giwa can be made by putting together two of these. Roofs are generally made by this way. Clay is kneaded and is spread thinly. Then amkiwa is extended upward and downward, and sukiwa cover joints at right and left side. By classifying giwa through materials, there are togiwa-made by kneading and baking clay-, cement giwa-made by mixing cement and sand- and metal giwa-made by cutting and making form with metal plate. There were stone giwa and bronze giwa at the ruins of Rome, and marble giwa was used at Greek temples. In addition, there are cheonggiwa, ozigiwa, etc. glazing by various kinds of glaze. As a matter of form, we call original giwa bongiwa and Japanese giwa geolchimgiwa. There are giwa in many countries.
Byeotjib (Rice Straw) Roof.
Chogajiboong (a straw roof) is made with byeotjib (rice straw), eulalia or reed, but generally made with byeotjib. Byeotjib protects dwellers from the sun in summer and keeps them warm in winter, because it is empty inside. Moreover, rain falls down well and hardly soaks through a roof because it has a relatively smooth surface. So, a thick roof is not needed. Warm and soft feeling is given by chogajiboong, because of the original properties of byeotjib. It is put over another byeotjib every year, and it shows clean and new feature without any special effort. The gentle roof is used like a farm for drying crops like red pepper and planting pumpkins or gourds.
Stone Giwa (Tile) Roof.
Flat layered stone roofs are called argillite (germpanam), on the roof in the much coal produced area; it takes a role of giwa. Giwa is formed in this way. Bluestone (cheongseok) is so smooth to control raindrop gently. Its system is not different from giwa's. The bluestone is put at the bottom, and then largely different bluestone is put on it. By this way the process is continued. It can endure for a long time. These roofs can be seen commonly in the argillite zone. But it was possible to put this roof only for certain social classes because of the difficulty of purchasing and transporting the materials. Nowadays it can be seen at some areas of Gyeonggi-do and Gangwon-do.
Eoksae (Eulalia) Roof.
Korea has ten kinds of eulalia. The eulalia leaf is good for waterproofing and durability. It is a strong material that can be used for ten years after covering the roof with eulalia once. The straw rope twisted with eulalia is not only strong and elastic but also good for waterproofing. It is used weaving rain-gear (rainwear) or straw sandals. The material should be dried with dew for a week. Then it is put in a shady pot for good airing.
Goolpy (Oak Bark) Roof.
It is a kind of roof material used usually in mountain villages. The oak bark is over 20 years old. At first, the oak bark is peeled at the time of Chuseo (one of the 24 seasonal divisions, about August 23rd). Next it is put into water. After that, it is dried and a heavy stone is placed on it to flatten it. Bark made this way is commonly about 1.3 meters wide. If the air gets dry, the bark shrinks and obtains many holes. However if it rains or it's humidity is increased, holes get smaller and smaller. At last they disappear quickly. The stone between the joint is not to blow the bark. The life of the oak bark is so long that there is a saying, "Giwa exists for ten thousand years, and the Oak Bark for one thousand years."

</doc>
<doc id="18821594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821594" title="John Adam Hugo">
John Adam Hugo

John Adam Hugo (1873–1945) was an American composer, born in Connecticut. He composed three operas, of which one, "The Temple Dancer", was performed at the Metropolitan Opera in 1919. He also wrote a symphony and a piano concerto, some chamber music, and many songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18821606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821606" title="Clifford Demarest">
Clifford Demarest

Clifford Demarest (1874–1946) was an American composer. Born in New Jersey, he wrote a number of anthems, songs, and part-songs, as well as some pieces for piano and for organ. From 1911 he was organist at Church of the Messiah (New York City).

</doc>
<doc id="18821632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821632" title="Christiaan Kriens">
Christiaan Kriens

Christiaan Pieter Willem Kriens (April 29, 1881– December 17, 1934) was an American composer, pianist, violinist and conductor; born in Brussels to Dutch parents, he came to the United States in 1906. He wrote a number of pieces for orchestra, including two symphonies; he also composed songs and some chamber music, including a string quartet.

</doc>
<doc id="18821635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821635" title="Kolyma Gulf">
Kolyma Gulf

The Kolyma Gulf (Yakut: Халыма хомото, "Xalıma xomoto"; Russian: Колымский залив, "Kolymskiy Zaliv") is the largest gulf of the East Siberian Sea. Its western limits are the NE projection of the Kolyma Lowlands close to the Medvyezhi Islands in the west and the Nutel'gyrgym Peninsula and Ayon Island in the east, being more than 300 km wide.
The Kolyma River flows into the sea in the western side of the Kolyma Gulf, forming a huge river delta full of islands. The bay's coastline is lowland dotted with numerous lakes and swamps. The sea in this bay is frozen for over nine months every year and is often clogged with ice floes. Other rivers flowing into the Kolyma Gulf are the Rauchua and the Chukochya River.
Administratively the western section of the Kolyma Gulf belongs to the Sakha Republic (Yakutia), while its eastern section belongs to the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug of the Russian Federation. 

</doc>
<doc id="18821642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821642" title="List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2006">
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2006

The "Billboard" Top Latin albums chart, published in "Billboard" magazine, is a record chart that features Latin music sales information. This data are compiled by Nielsen SoundScan from a sample that includes music stores, music departments at electronics and department stores, Internet sales (both physical and digital) and verifiable sales from concert venues in the United States.
There were thirteen number-one albums on this chart in 2006. The best-selling Latin album was "Barrio Fino en Directo" by Daddy Yankee. This album debuted at number 24 in the "Billboard" 200 in the last week of 2005; it spent 13 weeks at the top of the chart, more than any other number-one albums in the chart. "Now Latino" also peaked at number one, spending seven non-consecutive weeks at this position; this compilation album includes music by Aventura, Don Omar, Juanes, La 5ª Estación, Kumbia Kings, Chayanne, Wisin & Yandel, Bebe, Ricardo Arjona, Luis Fonsi, Thalía, Alexis & Fido, Zion & Lennox, Angel & Khriz, Cristian Castro, Reik, Sin Bandera and Alejandro Fernández.
"MTV Unplugged" by Ricky Martin spent one week at the top of the chart on November 22, 2006, and won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Album; this album was replaced at number one by "Navidades" by Luis Miguel, an album that received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Latin Pop Vocal Album. With the highest charting debut by a reggaeton artist, Don Omar's "King of Kings" entered at number seven on the "Billboard" 200 with 68,000 units sold. This album also peaked at number one for 11 weeks on this chart.
Mexican rock band Maná, with his first studio album since 2002, "Amar Es Combatir", entered the "Billboard" 200 at number four, making it the highest-charting debut for a Spanish language album for a duo or group. With 30,000 units sold in its first week, Paulina Rubio debuted at number 25 in the "Billboard" 200 and achieved her third number-one album on this chart with "Ananda", after her albums "Paulina" and "Pau-Latina" accomplished it in 2001 and 2004, respectively. Luny Tunes and Tainy with "" and Hector El Father with "Los Rompe Discotekas" peaked at number one for the first time in their careers. With "Trozos de Mi Alma, Vol. 2", singer-songwriter Marco Antonio Solís peaked at number one for the sixth time in his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18821666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821666" title="The Whole World Reminds Me of You">
The Whole World Reminds Me of You

"The Whole World Reminds Me of You" was the fifth and final single from Thirsty Merc's second album "Slideshows". It was released to radio on December 7, 2008.
As was the case with the band's previous single, "Homesick", the single was not released physically. Furthermore, Warner Music announced that the track would be a radio-only single.
Initial reports suggested that the album's final single would in fact become a Double A-side with, "Crying in Denial". This came to be somewhat true, as Warner Music additionally announced that "Crying in Denial" would receive airplay over the 2008/2009 summer on selected radio networks nationally, including Austereo, Nova and highly rated regionals, such as C91.3.
Issuing a statement, Warner Music announced that they were pleased with the success of all six tracks that were released from the "Slideshows" album. They additionally announced that "The Whole World Reminds Me of You" / "Crying in Denial" double radio release would be the band's last until the impending release of their third studio album, not tipped to surface until at least 2010.
Chart positions.
The Whole World Reminds Me of You
Crying in Denial

</doc>
<doc id="18821679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821679" title="Claritas Prizm">
Claritas Prizm

Nielsen PRIZM is a set of geo-demographic segments for the United States, developed by Claritas Inc., which was then acquired by The Nielsen Company. It was a widely used customer segmentation system for marketing in the United States in the 1990s and continues to be used today.
The segments were developed, in part, via the analysis of U.S. census data. PRIZM NE (New Evolution) is an update to the original PRIZM model that featured 62 segments. The PRIZM system categorizes U.S. consumers into 14 distinct groups and 66 demographically and behaviorally distinct types, or "segments," to help marketers discern those consumers’ likes, dislikes, lifestyles and purchase behaviors. PRIZM provides a seamless transition between household-level coding and geographic-level coding by providing the same segment schema at both levels. It allows a ‘downshift’ from geo-demographic to the household-level.
For instance, the segment "The Cosmopolitans" is defined as consisting of immigrants and descendants of multi–cultural backgrounds in multi-racial, multi-lingual neighborhoods. PRIZM has a specific set of ZIP Codes where "The Cosmopolitans" segment are predominant. Similarly, the segment "Kids & Cul-de-Sacs" is defined as consisting of suburban, upscale, married couples with children, typically within recently built subdivisions.
A large number of data warehouses include a "PRIZM code" along with a customer identifier, e.g. have a PRIZM code next to your name in its data warehouse, so it can market suitable additional products to you.

</doc>
<doc id="18821695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821695" title="Paul Morgan">
Paul Morgan

Paul Morgan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18821761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821761" title="Parasite (Kiss song)">
Parasite (Kiss song)

"Parasite" is a song by American hard rock band Kiss released on their second studio album, "Hotter Than Hell" in 1974. The song is one of three songs featured on the album written by lead guitarist Ace Frehley. As one of the album's hardest songs, "Parasite" was performed on the following tour, but KISS dropped it from the setlist for the Destroyer Tour and did not play it until the Revenge Tour in 1992. "Parasite" was performed most recently during the Kiss Alive/35 World Tour. As Frehley was insecure about his singing ability, he passed that part to Gene Simmons, the band's bassist.
Appearances.
"Parasite" appears on following KISS albums:

</doc>
<doc id="18821771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821771" title="1979 Nahariya attack">
1979 Nahariya attack

The 1979 Nahariya attack (codenamed by its perpetrators as the Nasser Operation) was a raid by four Palestine Liberation Front (PLF) militants in Nahariya, Israel on April 22, 1979.
The group, consisting of Abdel Majeed Asslan, Mhanna Salim al-Muayed, and Ahmed al-Abras, and led by 16-year-old Samir Kuntar, used a small, boat to travel from Tyre, Lebanon to Israel. The raid resulted in the deaths of four Israelis – including a father and two of his young children – and two of the perpetrators. Kuntar and al-Abras were captured, convicted of murder by an Israeli court, and sentenced to several life sentences.
Both Kuntar and al-Abras were later set free in prisoner swap deals conducted between Israel and Lebanese militant organizations – al-Abras in 1985, and Kuntar in 2008.
Details of the attack.
Arrival.
On April 22, 1979, a group of four Palestine Liberation Front (PLF) militants entered Israel from Lebanon by boat. The group was headed by Samir Kuntar (born in 1962) and included Abdel Majeed Asslan (born in 1955), Mhanna Salim Al-Muayed (born in 1960) and Ahmed AlAbras (born in 1949) – all members of the PLF under the leadership of Abu Abbas. The group departed from the seashore of Tyre in Southern Lebanon using a 55 horse-powered motorized rubber boat with an 88 km/h speed. Their goal was to attack Nahariya, 10 kilometers away from the Lebanese border. Around midnight they arrived at the coastal town of Nahariya.
Killing of Eliyahu Shachar.
Upon landing on the beach in Nahariya, the group followed instructions issued in Beirut – which included finding a police officer and killing him. They knocked on the door of a private house and called out in Arabic via the intercom, frightening the inhabitants into calling the police. Then, they killed Police officer Eliyahu Shachar who came across them. According to the Israeli security services' reconstruction of the incident, officer Eliyahu Shachar was killed after he got out of his vehicle and fired two warning shots into the air. Kuntar's group responded with a massive burst of shots. Samir Kuntar boasted that he alone shot 30 bullets in this incident.
Raid on apartment building and kidnapping.
The group then entered an apartment building on 61 Jabotinsky Street planning to abduct two or three people and take them back to Lebanon. One of the PFLP men, Abdel Majeed Asslan, broke into the apartment of Charles Shapiro, 34, a recent immigrant from South Africa, after the doors to his apartment had been shot up. Shapiro, who was armed with a .22 caliber magnum revolver, shot Asslan dead. Next, Kuntar's group encountered Moshe Sasson, a resident who was trying to reach the building's bomb shelter carrying his two young daughters, one under each arm. Kuntar shoved Sasson and slammed a handgun into the back of his skull. However, Sasson escaped when the hall lights suddenly went out, and hid under a parked car.
Shootout on the beach.
Kuntar's group then took Danny and Einat down to the beach, where a shootout erupted with Israeli policemen and a squad of soldiers from the elite Sayeret Golani special forces unit.
According eyewitnesses, when Kuntar's group found that the rubber boat they'd arrived in was disabled by gunfire, Kuntar shot Danny at close range in the back, in front of his daughter, and drowned him in the sea to ensure he was dead. Next, according to forensic evidence and eyewitness court testimony, Kuntar killed the girl by smashing her skull against the rocks with the butt of his rifle. Smadar Haran accidentally suffocated Yael to death while attempting to quiet her whimpering, which would have revealed their hiding place. A second militant, Mhanna Salim Al-Muayed, was killed in the shootout on the beach. Kuntar and the fourth member of the group, Ahmed Assad Abras, were captured.
Fatalities.
The four Israeli victims of the attack were:
Retaliation.
The day after the attack, Israeli Navy gunboats bombarded Nahr el-Bared, a Palestinian refugee camp in Beirut described by an Israeli military spokesman as a major base for the PFLP. The bombardment lasted an hour, and three civilians were reportedly killed.
Trial.
Samir Kuntar and Ahmed AlAbras were convicted of murdering four people by an Israeli court in 1980, and sentenced to four life sentences, and an additional 47 years for injuries inflicted.
On July 13, 2008, after being classified for nearly thirty years, File No. 578/79, containing the evidence and testimony from Kuntar's 1980 trial, was first published. According to the file, evidence presented by the pathologist at the trial showed that Einat Haran was killed by the force of a blunt instrument – most likely a rifle butt. The pathologist's report also showed that Einat's brain tissue was found on Kuntar's rifle.
Immediately following his capture, when his remand was extended, Kuntar confessed that he had bludgeoned Einat to death with the butt of his rifle. Later, however, when testifying in court, Kuntar denied the charges. In his testimony, Kuntar asserted that Israeli gunfire had killed Danny Haran as soldiers burst in to free him, and that he did not see what happened to Einat after passing out from blood lost from five bullet wounds. He explained that the group's goal had been to take hostages back to Lebanon, and that he had taken the 4-year-old to prevent Israeli police from shooting at them.
According to some sources Samir Kuntar and Ahmed AlAbras were sentenced to 5 life terms and that two Police officers were killed.

</doc>
<doc id="18821782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821782" title="Scotts Flat Reservoir">
Scotts Flat Reservoir

Scotts Flat Reservoir is an artificial lake in the Tahoe National Forest of Nevada County, California, east of Nevada City. The lake is at an elevation of and has a surface area of , with of shoreline lined with pine trees. Amenities consist of two launch ramps, a marina, campsites, a picnic area, sandy beaches, and a general store.
The earthen rock-fill Scotts Flat Dam dates from 1948 and impounds Deer Creek to create the reservoir with a capacity of 49,000 acre-feet. At 175 feet above streambed, the dam is owned and operated by the county-level Nevada Irrigation District.

</doc>
<doc id="18821798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821798" title="Joseph König">
Joseph König

Joseph König (7 September 1819, at Hausen an der Aach, Grand Duchy of Baden – 22 June 1900, at Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German Roman Catholic theologian and Biblical exegete.
Life.
He was ordained to the priesthood in 1845. In 1847 König was "privatdozent", in 1854 extraordinary, and from 1857 to 1894 ordinary, professor of Old Testament literature and exegesis at the University of Freiburg. On the expiration of this term he resigned his professorship.
Works.
König's exegetical writings include:
The editorship of the "Freiburger Diözesan-Archiv" was entrusted to König, and his period as editor saw many contributions to the history of the major abbeys at Reichenau, St. Gall, and Fulda, several of which were from his own pen. He was known for research work in diocesan history, but it is chiefly in connection with the University of Freiburg, to the history of which institution König contributed many notable studies (see e g. "Freiburger Diözesan-Archiv", XXI and XXII), that he is remembered. During the years 1885 to 1889 König's activity centred on the "Necrologium Frib.", a record of the period 1827-87.

</doc>
<doc id="18821801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821801" title="Lionel Morgan">
Lionel Morgan

Lionel Morgan is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18821803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821803" title="Club Deportivo Potosino">
Club Deportivo Potosino

The Club Deportivo Potosino is a sports club located in the city of San Luis Potosí, in the Mexican state of the same name. Founded in 1940, it is the oldest sports club in the city, nationally renowned for its high performance in various sports disciplines such as swimming and tennis. The club is commonly referenced as the birthplace of the Michelada, with claims stating that a member called Michel Ésper used to order his daily beer with salt and lemon juice, eventually giving origin to the name.
The Club Deportivo Potosino also hosts the San Luis Potosi Challenger, an annual tennis tournament that has counted with the presence of many international top athletes such as Óscar Hernández Pérez, Leonardo Mayer, Dick Norman, Paul-Henri Mathieu, amongst others.

</doc>
<doc id="18821811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821811" title="Hotter Than Hell (song)">
Hotter Than Hell (song)

"Hotter Than Hell" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss, released on their second album of the same name in 1974. It was written by the band's rhythm guitarist Paul Stanley, and it shows a heavy influence of the band Free on him. Despite being rarely performed during the years, "Hotter Than Hell" has appeared on many of the band's albums. It has also appeared as a B-side to the album's lone single Let Me Go, Rock 'n' Roll.
Background.
"Hotter Than Hell", as Stanley said, was basically a re-writing of a Free song "All Right Now", mostly because Stanley was a big fan of Free and the song meant a lot to him.
Stanley described the story of the song: " was written about an encounter with somebody in a bar, and then at the end of the song I didn't know quite how to end it so I came up with this riff that was kind of like a Black Sabbath kind of riff and we tacked that on."
Live performances.
"Hotter Than Hell" has been performed during the following tours, but was dropped from the Destroyer Tour set-list and didn't return until the Revenge Tour in 1992. The song was returned again to the set-list for the Kiss/Aerosmith co-headlined Rocksimus Maximus Tour/World Domination Tour. It was again dropped from the Sonic Boom Over Europe Tour and hasn't been performed later.
During the TV film KISS Meets The Phantom the "evil" Kiss perform a version of this to incite a crowd to riot called "Rip and Destroy"
Appearances.
"Hotter Than Hell" has appeared on following Kiss albums:
Other appearances:

</doc>
<doc id="18821822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821822" title="Daft Planet">
Daft Planet

Daft Planet was a Canadian cartoon, first airing on Teletoon Canada. The first episode ran on September 2, 2002 and the show continued to run for almost two years even though only 13 episodes were produced. Its main claim to fame is that it was the first cartoon in the world that was animated entirely in Flash and appeared on a national television network. The show met with some success but was taken off the air when funding ran out due to cuts to the CTF program. The show was born from a 10-minute pilot written and animated by Brent Donnelly and Derry Smith and produced by Valis Video (Toronto). The pilot can be viewed on YouTube along with some aired episodes of Daft Planet.
The famous "Lost Episodes" (4 episodes written but never produced) continue to generate buzz almost 10 years later as they are said to definitively the answer the question "What is the Meaning of Life?"
Plot.
The plot, set in the fictional Maple City, encircles the day-to-day lives of the protagonists, Ched and Hudson, in their on-going struggle to keep up with the latest trends and maintain their positions in the social hierarchy in high school. With Ched living from a trailer park, as the son of a taxidermist and Hudson as the son of a wealthy network executive, a parallel is drawn between the two characters, offering unlikely chemistry. They don't have necks, and their heads just float over their bodies, but this is never mentioned and they have no apparent difficulty breathing or eating food.

</doc>
<doc id="18821835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821835" title="Matrixx">
Matrixx

matrixx is a production company that specializes in feature film, television and online branded entertainment.The matrixx production offices are located in Santa Monica, California near MTV, Lionsgate, Yahoo! and Universal Music Group. The facility features DV and HD cameras, a green screen, plentiful online media storage, and state of the art editing and special effects hardware and software. The company is privately held and venture backed by Hollywood producer and entrepreneur Van Vandegrift.
Working in the fields of social media, branded entertainment and viral marketing, 2008 campaigns included the launch of the Warner Brothers film, "Get Smart" and New Line's "Journey to the Center of the Earth".
The matrixx-produced Hollywood CeleBeauty web series featured extensive brand integrations and won the 2008 Telly Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18821837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821837" title="Museum planning">
Museum planning

Museum Planning is the creation of documents to describe a new museum’s vision, the visitor experience and an organizational plan for a new institution, or one undergoing a major expansion or change in focus.
Museum plans may include some or all of the following:
Plans are created by a museum planning team, that includes; museum staff and volunteers, members of the board of directors, community members, and representatives of city and state planning agencies working together with a museum planner, architects, exhibit designers, economists, and other specialist consultants. The objective of a Museum Plan is to create a clear and concise “road map” for the creation of new institution and a sustainable long term museum vision.
Museum planning may also refer to the designing of museum galleries, spaces, or new wings and buildings. The goal of a well-designed museum space is that it accents the collection, and puts the patron at ease. There are many features of galleries that must be considered when organizing and planning a new space. Some of those aspects are circulation, density, lighting, backgrounds, arrangement, and labels.
The circulation of the space indicates the layout and direction of flow for visitors. This can be done by numbering objects, or the layout of displays. Poor circulation can result in the patron missing some galleries or displays or viewing objects in an order other than what the curator intended. Circulation should feel natural and logical; the patron may feel herded and become resentful.
Density, clarity, and emphasis are other aspects to consider when planning a new space. Galleries and individual objects should be placed so that everything appears to have equal value and importance. Then within displays, objects should not be overcrowded or cluttered. Lighting is extremely important and cannot be overlooked when planning new galleries. Natural light is ideal, but it must be filtered, and not too intense. It also should be consistent throughout the day – northern and southern exposure is ideal. 
Backgrounds can refer to a number of things: props, panels, or a simple painted wall can serve as a background to an object or display. These must be subdued enough that they do not detract from the object on display, but they should be complimentary. The specific position, arrangement, and display of an object is important to consider. Height of the display case, order in which objects are placed or hung, and the grouping of certain objects are all major factors in how patrons interpret objects. 
Museum label and explanatory accessories are essential to a patron’s experience in a museum. Enough information should be provided that the patron feels as if they understand what they are looking at, but too much can bore or confuse the visitor. Some examples of these accessories are collection guides available for the overall museum experience, larger panels at the start of each gallery that can explain the intent of the collection, and smaller panels at each object should inform the viewer the object’s use, medium, creator, and dates. 

</doc>
<doc id="18821885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821885" title="Vitrain">
Vitrain

Vitrain is a type of coal. Its combustion leads to ash containing extractable levels of germanium compounds such as germanium dioxide.

</doc>
<doc id="18821888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821888" title="Puget Sound Electric Railway">
Puget Sound Electric Railway

The Puget Sound Electric Railway was an interurban railway that ran between Tacoma and Seattle, Washington in the first quarter of the 20th century. Portions of the Right-of-Way still exist as multi-use trail through Milton, Washington, as well as from Pacific to Tukwila, Washington.
History.
The PSE began operations on September 25, 1902 with a line that started in downtown Tacoma, ran along Pacific and Puyallup Avenues, followed the course of present day Pacific Highway through Fife and to Milton, turned southeast towards Puyallup and paralleled the path of today's SR 167 through Pacific, Algona, Auburn, Kent, Orillia and Renton, then into Seattle on its own dedicated right-of-way, via South Park, from there running on surface streets to the area near Pioneer Square, where it interchanged with other interurbans in the area. 
Power was supplied via overhead wire in urban areas, and third rail in rural areas. The third rail was the cause of several accidents throughout the PSE's operations which involved livestock or people being electrocuted, and in some cases dead cows caused accidents involving the trolleys themselves.
The railroad enjoyed a few years of success, until competition from trucks and an ever-expanding road network, as well as the steam railroads put it out of business in 1928.
It was headquartered in Kent, Washington.
Second life.
Portions of the PSE exist today as multi-use trails in Milton and linking Tukwila, Kent, Auburn, Algona, and Pacific in King County. The City of Edgewood's portion is currently in planning stages, with construction slated to begin in the Summer of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18821911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821911" title="A. B. Spellman">
A. B. Spellman

Alfred B. Spellman (born August 12, 1935, Nixonton, North Carolina), is an African-American poet, music critic, music historian, arts administrator, and author. He first garnered attention for his 1964 book of poems entitled "The Beautiful Days". In 1966 he published a highly influential book on the history of African-American music entitled "Four Lives in the Bebop Business" (aka "Black Music: Four Lives"; Random House). From 1975 to 2005 he worked as an Arts Administrator for the National Endowment for the Arts. He has been particularly instrumental in supporting and forwarding jazz music within the United States.
Biography.
Spellman is the son of two teachers and attended P.W. Moore High School in Elizabeth City, North Carolina where he was a member of the basketball team, glee club and oratorical club. After graduating in 1953, he entered Howard University where he was active in the chorus, the Howard Players, and he began his writing career. He graduated in 1956 with a Bachelor of Science degree in political science and then continued with graduate studies in Howard's law school. 
In 1959, Spellman began a career as a music critic for a number of magazines including "Metronome" and "Down Beat", for which he wrote reviews of jazz music and musicians. In 1964, he published his first book of poems, entitled "The Beautiful Days", which was very well received and considerably raised his profile as a writer. His reputation, however, was truly solidified two years later with his first full-length book, "Four Lives in the Bebop Business"—later republished as "Four Jazz Lives"—an in-depth look at the lives of jazz musicians Cecil Taylor, Ornette Coleman, Herbie Nichols, and Jackie McLean. 
After touring the nation with several other African-American poets in 1967, Spellman joined the staff of "Rhythm Magazine" where he wrote poems and political essays until 1969. After leaving the magazine, Spellman conducted a series of lectures at major universities throughout the United States, including Moorehouse College, Emory University, and Rutgers University, among others. He then joined the faculty at Harvard University where he taught African-American studies from 1972 to 1975.
In 1975 Spellman left Harvard to become director of the Arts in Education Study Project for the National Endowment of the Arts (NEA) in Washington, D.C. Three years later he became the director of the NEA's Arts Endowment Expansion Program, a position he held for the next eight years. Between 1994 and 1996, he served as associate deputy for program coordination at the NEA, and then became the director of the NEA's Office of Guidelines and Panel Operations. In 1998, Spellman was appointed the deputy chairman for the Office of Guidelines, Panel and Council Operations for the NEA where he remained until his retirement in 2005.
In 2008, Spellman published "Things I Must Have Known", his first full-length collection of poetry, with Coffee House Press.

</doc>
<doc id="18821913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821913" title="Konstantin Barulin">
Konstantin Barulin

Konstantin Alexandrovich Barulin (, born September 4, 1984) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender now playing for Ak Bars Kazan of the Kontinental Hockey League. He was born in Karaganda, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union (now Kazakhstan), but plays internationally for Russia. He was drafted 84th overall by the St. Louis Blues in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft but remained in Russia and never signed a contract with the Blues.
Playing career.
Barulin began his career with Gazovik Tyumen in 2001. He had a brief spell with SKA Saint Petersburg before returning to Gazovik. He went on to have spells at Spartak Moscow and Khimik Moscow Oblast before joining CSKA Moscow for the inaugural KHL season in 2008. On July 29, 2010, after two years with CSKA Barulin returned to Atlant signing as a free agent on a two-year contract. In 2012 he signed a three-year contract with Ak Bars Kazan.
International play.
Barulin represented Russia in the 2011 IIHF World Championship in which he defeated Team Canada 2-1, and in the 2012 IIHF World Championship where he helped team Russia on route to winning the Gold Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18821938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821938" title="Obice da 105/14">
Obice da 105/14

The Obice da 105/14 modello 18 was a howitzer used by Italy during World War II. It appears to have been designed at the end of World War I, but that remains to be confirmed. It was originally designed to be towed by horses with wooden spoked wheels. Some weapons may have been modernized for tractor-towing with steel spoked wheels and pneumatic tires. For transport the box trail was supported by a small limber. Howitzers captured by the Germans after the Italian surrender in 1943 were given the designation of 10.5 cm leichte Feldhaubitze 326(i), although it's unknown to what extend they were actually used.
Both references listed below believe this gun to be developed in the 1930s, but this seems unlikely given the photographic evidence of the designation as modello 18. The box trail would also be very old-fashioned for a gun designed that late.

</doc>
<doc id="18821975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821975" title="Jarek Goebel">
Jarek Goebel

Jarek Goebel is a New Zealand Rugby league footballer who currently plays with Shellharbour Sharks in the Bundaberg Red Cup. He was previously a Rugby Union player who played provincial rugby for Auckland in the Air New Zealand Cup.
Auckland.
Goebel played in Auckland for clubside University, and he was named in the 2008 Auckland side for the Air New Zealand Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18821979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821979" title="Jean-Pierre Gibert">
Jean-Pierre Gibert

Jean-Pierre Gibert (1660–1736) was a French canon lawyer.
Biography.
Gibert was born at Aix-en-Provence. He became a cleric at an early age, receiving the tonsure only; he studied in Aix, and became doctor of theology and canon law. He taught ecclesiastical law in the seminaries of Toulon and Aix, and settled in Paris in 1703, where he lived and worked in retirement and where he died.
Gilbert was a moderate Gallican.

</doc>
<doc id="18821981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821981" title="Honda Hurricane">
Honda Hurricane

Honda Hurricane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18821986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821986" title="Scott Lamphear">
Scott Lamphear

Scott Lamphear is a retired American soccer defender and coach. He was a 1995 first team All American and the team MVP on the 1995
NCAA championship Wisconsin Badgers soccer team. He later served as an assistant coach with the Colorado College men’s and women’s soccer teams.
Player.
Lamphear attended the University of Wisconsin where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1992 to 1995. In 1995, the Badgers won the NCAA championship as Lamphear was selected as a first team All American. On March 4, 1996, the MetroStars selected Lamphear in the 2nd round (11th overall) of the 1996 MLS College Draft. However, he negotiated with the MetroStars to allow him to finish his degree before joining the team. He graduated in December 1996 with a bachelors degree in chemical engineering. In 2011, the Badgers inducted Lamphear into the school's Hall of Fame. In the spring of 1997, he joined the MetroStars, but was cut during the preseason. He then played for the Rockford Raptors of the USISL during the 1996 and 1997 seasons and the Chicago Stingers in 1998.
Coach.
In 2001, Colorado College hired Lamphear as an assistant coach with its NCAA Division III men’s team. In April 2003, Lamphear became an assistant with the school’s NCAA Division I women’s team. He held that position until April 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18821998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18821998" title="Highest mountain peaks of Africa">
Highest mountain peaks of Africa

This is a list of the highest mountains of Africa. It aims to include the 75 highest mountains with a prominence of at least 500 m. Some regions are still poorly described and the list is likely to be both incomplete and not completely accurate. This is especially true for the Ethiopian Highlands, where heights on maps and in the literature differ between each other by up to 500 m. All elevations have been checked or chosen to match the SRTM-based contour lines in the Google terrain maps. 

</doc>
<doc id="18822014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822014" title="Adelina Stehle">
Adelina Stehle

Adelina Stehle (born Graz, 30 June 1860 – died Milan, 24 December 1945) was an Austrian-born operatic soprano, associated almost entirely with the Italian repertory. She studied singing in Milan and debuted as Amina in 1881 in Broni in Lombardy. Her career eventually brought her to La Scala in 1890 where she flourished. She took part in a series of important premieres in the 1890s. In 1893 she was the first Nannetta in Verdi's "Falstaff" to the Fenton of her husband, Edoardo Garbin, and they were later important in the popularization of Puccini's "La bohème". 
In 1902 she went to South America before singing in Paris with the Sonzogno Company, as well as in Berlin, Vienna and Saint Petersburg. She became identified with the heavier roles of Italian verismo opera such as "Adriana Lecouvreur" and "Fedora".
When she retired from the stage she became a noted teacher. Among her pupils were Giannina Arangi-Lombardi.
Recordings.
Stehle made a number of recordings for the Fonotipia Company in 1905 but only two recordings were published (both concerted pieces), which according to J. B. Steane "reveal little about her voice and art".

</doc>
<doc id="18822050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822050" title="Fluid extract">
Fluid extract

Fluid extract is a type of fluid-solid extraction, that usually employs Soxhlet Apparatus to extract certain compound with known solubility in a solvent. Some applications include extracting lipids from a plant (solid) using ethanol (liquid). In recent years this has expanded to include specialized extraction methodologies and equipment of a proprietary nature to ratio-intact extract multiple groups of compounds with discovered solubility in a solvent. This expansion has led to many successful applications such as extracting polysaccharides, resins and organic acids from a plant (solid) using glycerol (liquid). Fluid extracts are always permanent. They are concentrated.

</doc>
<doc id="18822101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822101" title="Placement marriage">
Placement marriage

The term placement marriage (also known as the law of placing) refers to arranged marriages between members of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (FLDS Church). Placement marriage is believed and practiced by members of the FLDS Church to show their commitment and obedience in order to obtain salvation for themselves and their parents; it might be considered “the most visible outward symbol of members’ devotion."
Origin.
The Fundamentalist Latter Day Saint group is one of eight primary Fundamentalist Mormon groups; other well known groups include: Apostolic United Brethren, Latter Day Church of Christ (also known of as the "Kingston group"), Righteous Branch of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, True and Living Church of Jesus Christ of Saints of the Last Days, and the Centennial Park group (also known of as "The Work of Jesus Christ" or just "The Work"). Placement marriage is a practice that uniquely belongs to the FLDS Church, although there may be some similarities between the beliefs in marriage practices with the Latter Day Church of Christ.
The idea of placement marriage within the FLDS Church did not exist prior to the 1940s. The group which eventually became known as the FLDS changed the concepts of courtship and marriage for their followers over the past fifty years. Before that most, if not all, fundamentalist Mormons chose marriage partners according to patterns which mirrored those of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in nineteenth century, in that their decisions for marriage were made by considering "varied combinations of personal attraction and principles of faith (which usually included testimony or personal revelation) along with direct or indirect influence of family and ecclesiastical leaders”. This latter method of freely choosing marriage partners is still predominately used by most Mormon fundamentalists who believe in or practice plural marriage. Most fundamentalist Mormons, apart from the FLDS, do not practice arranged marriages. Rather, they believe that arranged marriages violate the members’ free agency. Most fundamentalist Mormons today are not and never were members of the LDS Church and any members found to be practicing plural marriage were excommunicated in the decades following 1890 when the LDS Church officially renounced polygamy. Most fundamentalist Mormons today are descendants of those who were excommunicated for living plural marriage contrary to the policies of the Church.
Placement Marriage during the fundamentalist split in the early 1950s.
Changes in the way marriage partners were selected was one of the major issues that ultimately led to divisions of the fundamentalists Mormon community in the early 1950s. Some leaders encouraged younger girls and women to marry without their parents' knowledge or consent if their parents were considered "out of harmony" with priesthood leaders; such girls and women were instead encouraged to be placed in a marriage under the direction of priesthood leaders. Placement marriage became the common practice in Short Creek during the presidency of Leroy Johnson. This was primarily due to a belief that obedience to priesthood was necessary for salvation, that the Priesthood Council leaders were the ones entitled to revelation regarding marriage—especially plural marriage, and the fact that the members believed that placement marriage was a more divine observance than when they chose their own spouse. Members generally respected the right of the Priesthood Council to assign marriages. Parents' consent for their children to marry in plural marriage was considered relevant when they were "in harmony" with the Priesthood Council.
Placement Marriage during the late 1980s and early 1990s under the leadership of Rulon Jeffs.
Changes in Authority.
Before Leroy Johnson died, he dismissed two of the remaining three members of the Priesthood Council, leaving only himself and Rulon Jeffs. After Johnson's death, Jeffs was the only remaining Priesthood Council member. He assumed leadership over the group and asserted his position that a priesthood council was no longer needed and that he alone held priesthood authority to rule. In 1991 Jeffs legally incorporated the group as the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. Marianne T. Watson, in her article "The 1948 Secret Marriage of Louis J. Barlow: Origins of FLDS Placement Marriage," stated that this fundamentalist group “whole-heartedly sustained the arranged-marriage system" and that "After the death of Leroy Johnson, they advocated complete obedience to Rulon Jeffs, considering him to be the prophet, the Keyholder, and the mouth piece of God”.
The Marriage Practices for the First Wife.
Under the placement marriage system, young members of the FLDS Church are not allowed to court or date before marriage and are discouraged to fall in love until after they are married. They are permitted to become acquainted with one another through the community, church, school, or family ties, but they are not allowed to be more than just friends with anyone until the Priesthood Council arranges a spouse for them . 
When a young man, generally around the age of twenty-one, feels ready to be married he approaches the Priesthood Council and then they decide who he will marry. They select a wife for the young man through a process of inspiration and revelation. When a woman feels prepared to be married, around the ages of 16 to 25, she informs her father of her own readiness, and is taken to meet with the prophet to tell him that she is ready to be married. While most women are approved, some are asked to wait for a time. If the prophet agrees to place her, then the future spouse is notified, and a ceremony is performed generally within the week and sometimes immediately. A woman's opinions relative to the selection of her husband are sometimes considered but not always, and she can decide against marrying a man who is selected for her, although this does not happen very frequently.
Entering Plural Marriage.
The ages for plural wives can vary greatly, unlike the age between the first wife which is generally close to the husband’s age. 
The process for entering a plural marriage is slightly different. Married men do not normally volunteer themselves to enter plural marriage, but wait to be asked by the Priesthood Council. Delaying is allowed but declining is generally frowned upon. If a man does decline he's considered unfaithful for rejecting the decision made for him by the Priesthood. All of the choices about when, where, and whom he will marry are generally decisions made by the priesthood leaders.
Success of Marriages.
Within this group, the idea of not knowing their spouse until minutes before they are married is usually viewed as romantic. The couple is expected to learn to love one another, even if affection isn’t instantaneous. Several couples are grateful for this practice because they believe “the only sure revelation comes from the prophet; they were glad to have a prophet to tell them whom to marry.”
The priesthood leader of the Colorado City (FLDS) group chooses to arrange marriages because it reassures the members of the stability and permanence that is promised in a placement marriage. They also choose to this approach so that the couples are not closely related in the isolated community. Some members have confessed that some of the marriages were less successful and a few failed completely.
Similarities of Courtship outside of Placement Marriage.
In a study of one fundamentalist Mormon group that does not practice placement marriage, it was learned that young people are allowed to court with the permission of the girl's parents. Fathers are generally consulted before any daughter goes out on a date; if not, the young man might be reprimanded. Sometimes older men court younger women with parental consent. However, for teenagers, like in the LDS church, one-on-one dating is highly discouraged. Most young members go out in groups. Also, some men in good standing were appointed to give permission for others to court. Their guidance was also requested by a man looking for a wife. Most fundamentalist Mormon groups, including the FLDS, have recently stated that they no longer permit plural marriages for underage women.
Placement Marriages during the presidency of Warren Jeffs.
There were suspicions that Warren Jeffs may have done away with the volunteer feature for young women who didn’t come to him and say they were ready to be married Underage marriage and marriages between close relatives has apparently been common in the FLDS Church. Arranged marriages of young girls to much older men, whom they may not even know, are not out of the ordinary. It is also common for these men to be relatives who already have wives. One writer believes incest is permitted and considered doctrine in a large number of groups. However, most fundamentalist Mormons deny this and say they do not permit nor practice incest.
Wives of Men who are Excommunicated.
In October 2002 the FLDS announced Warren Jeffs as the new president of the FLDS Church. Under Warren Jeffs' leadership, many male members were excommunicated. The wives, along with children and sometimes property, of these men are reassigned to other "more faithful" men. Some wives were reassigned more than once. If the wives did not agree to do as Warren Jeffs instructed, they were also told to leave. Andrea Moore-Emmett, author of God’s Brothel wrote this about placement marriages: “Whether a woman is already married or not, “releasings” (divorces) and “sealings” (marriages) from one man to another man are at the whim of the leader”.
Moving away from Colorado City/Hildale (also known as Short Creek).
Within a year of becoming president, Warren Jeffs began to send small numbers of members to other places outside of Colorado City and Hildale–such as the site in Texas.
Conflicts with the Law.
Incest and Child Marriages.
Instances such as this can lead to problems with the law. One man in a small group of Mormon fundamentalists called the Latter Day Church of Christ, founded by Charles W. Kingston, was recently “convicted of incest with teenage wives amid allegations of forced marriages and child abuse” Child marriages in the past have been common in certain areas. In the one community, young girls were marrying as young as 14 years old
Kidnapping.
During the 1944 raid some members were charged with kidnapping and violations of the Mann Act in connection with taking under-age plural wives across state lines. Fifteen men were prosecuted for unlawful cohabitation with their plural wives and were then sentenced to serve time in the Utah State Prison; nine more were sentenced to federal prison time. Charles Zitting and David Darger were charged with both federal and state sentences.
Free agency vs. placement marriage.
The idea of free agency is a fundamental principle of the original LDS church, and is also considered an important part of Mormon Fundamentalist doctrine. But Martha Sontag Bradley, author of "Women of Fundamentalism", points out, “Women in Short Creek had few choices to make as adults. Here the culture of fundamentalism collaborated with the limited opportunities offered in this isolated, rural frontier community.”
A few days after the 1953 Short Creek raid, Louis J. Barlow addressed the unfriendly assumptions about placement marriages: “There have been no forced marriages. Everyone is free to leave or stay as he chooses".
Their choices are limited because they become so dependent on their leaders. The United Effort Plan, along with their isolation contributes to their inability to leave their church, and therefore, they are unable to make decisions except those that are commanded of them by their leaders such as placement marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="18822111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822111" title="Nick Smith (ice hockey)">
Nick Smith (ice hockey)

Nick Smith (born March 23, 1979 in Hamilton, Ontario) was a professional hockey player in the National Hockey League from Hamilton, Ontario. He played for the Florida Panthers during the 2001-02 season. He was selected by them during the 1997 NHL Entry Draft, in the 3rd round (74th overall).

</doc>
<doc id="18822137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822137" title="Isaac Henderson">
Isaac Henderson

Isaac Austin Henderson (born at Brooklyn, 1850; died in Rome, March, 1909) was an American newspaperman and writer.
Life.
After an early education in private schools and under tutors, he graduated from Williams College with the degrees of Bachelor and Master of Arts, and Doctor of Civil Law. In 1872 he became connected with the "New York Evening Post", which his father owned in partnership with William Cullen Bryant and John Bigelow, became assistant publisher in 1875, and from 1877 was publisher, stockholder, and member of the Board of Trustees. 
Selling his interest in the "Evening Post" in 1881, he went to Europe and lived in London and Rome. In 1896 he became a Roman Catholic, adopting the name of Austin at his Confirmation. In 1903 he was appointed private chamberlain to Pope Pius X. 
Works.
In 1886 Henderson published his first novel, "The Prelate", and followed it two years later with "Agatha Page". The latter, soon (1892) dramatized as "The Silent Battle", was produced by Sir Charles Wyndham at the Criterion Theatre, London, another dramatic version, entitled "Agatha", being produced the same year at the Boston Museum. His second drama, "The Mummy and the Humming Bird", was presented at Wyndham's Theatre, 1901, the principal male part being again taken by Wyndham. In 1902 it was played at the Empire Theatre, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18822142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822142" title="Treaty of Dunkirk">
Treaty of Dunkirk

The Treaty of Dunkirk was signed on 4 March 1947, between France and the United Kingdom in Dunkirk (France) as a "Treaty of Alliance and Mutual Assistance" against a possible German attack in the aftermath of World War II. The Dunkirk Treaty entered into force on 8 September 1947 and it preceded the Treaty of Brussels of 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18822159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822159" title="Susumu Kimura">
Susumu Kimura

, was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. He commanded Destroyer Squadron 10 which participated in several important naval battles at the Battle of Midway, Guadalcanal Campaign, and the Battle of Leyte Gulf.
Biography.
Kimura was a native of Tochigi prefecture, and graduated 55th out of 144 cadets in the 40th class of the Imperial Japanese Navy Academy in 1912. He served his midshipman duty on the cruiser "Azuma" and battleship "Aki", and as a sub-lieutenant on "Tokiwa", repair ship "Kantō", and destroyer "Shiratsuyu". In 1918, he attended the Navy Staff College, where he specialized in navigation. After graduation as a lieutenant, he served as chief navigator in the coastal patrol ship "Matsue" and destroyer "Amatsukaze", becoming executive officer on "Akikaze" in December 1920. He continued to serve as chief navigator on a wide variety of warships through the 1920s, becoming lieutenant commander in 1925, and executive officer of the heavy cruiser "Myōkō" in 1929. Kimura was promoted to commander in 1930.
Kimura’s first command was that of the destroyer "Uranami" in 1933, followed by "Ushio" later that year. In 1934, he commanded the 2nd Destroyer Division. After a brief stint as executive officer on "Iwate" in 1935, he commanded the 30th Destroyer Division, followed by the 19th Destroyer Division in 1936. Kimura was then appointed captain of the light cruiser "Sendai" in 1937, followed by the heavy cruiser "Mikuma" in 1939 and "Haruna" in 1940. However, at the time of the attack on Pearl Harbor, Kimura was attached to the Imperial Japanese Navy General Staff.
In May 1942, Kimura was promoted to rear admiral. He commanded the destroyer screening force (Destroyer Squadron 10) at the Battle of Midway, during which time his flagship was the cruiser "Nagara". He continued to command Destroyer Squadron 10 into the Guadalcanal Campaign (including the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands and the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal.) During the Battle of Leyte Gulf he commanded Destroyer Squadron 10 from the light cruiser "Yahagi".
In December 1944, Kimura became head of the Naval Navigational School. He was promoted to vice admiral in April 1945. Kimura died in 1980 at the age of 86.

</doc>
<doc id="18822170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822170" title="CFRG (AM)">
CFRG (AM)

CFRG was a Canadian radio station, which broadcast in Gravelbourg, Saskatchewan from 1952 to 1973. A private affiliate of Radio-Canada, the station was owned by Radio-Gravelbourg Ltée.
CFRG originally aired at 1230 AM. In 1956, the station became a daytimer, moving to 710 AM during the day but retaining a nighttime signal on the original 1230 frequency with the call sign CFGR.
The station was purchased by Radio-Canada in 1973, and became a rebroadcaster of Regina's CBKF-FM. A few months later, it moved to AM 690. The transmitter, which now has the call sign CBKF-1, is still in operation as a rebroadcaster of CBKF.
The call sign was later revived on CFRG-FM, a francophone community radio station in Gravelbourg.

</doc>
<doc id="18822187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822187" title="Tybee Island Strand Cottages Historic District">
Tybee Island Strand Cottages Historic District

Tybee Island Strand Cottages Historic District, also known as The Strand, is a historic district of cottages on Tybee Island, Georgia.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18822227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822227" title="Thomas Harrington Ltd">
Thomas Harrington Ltd

Thomas Harrington & Sons Ltd was a coachbuilder in the county of Sussex from 1897 until 1966, initially at Brighton but from 1930 until the end in a purpose built Art Deco factory (an image of which was used on the builder's transfers) at Old Shoreham Road, Hove.
Overview.
The company began with the construction of horse-drawn carriages. With the rise of motor vehicle, Thomas Harrington began building on motor car chassis, and prior to World War I began to specialise in commercial vehicles, buses and coaches. After the armistice the company concentrated on luxury coaches supplementing these with some single-deck bus bodies and other general coachbuilding activity.
During World War II they were selected by the War Ministry to build a specialised aircraft design and during their history they also produced ¼ - scale street-legal model coaches to entertain children, pioneered a minibus that bus operators found practical (and legal) to use and drove-forward coach design. They had an open outlook on developments in technology and an excellent grasp of marketing opportunities and an eye for a catchy press advertisement. They nurtured relationships with customers, one at least bought nothing other than Harrington for its entire existence.
In 1965 it was decided to close the factory. Although not a part of the Rootes Group, the operations were owned by a Rootes family investment company. Production ceased in April 1966 after which Plaxton purchased spares, stock in trade and goodwill.
The Cavalier (1959–64) and Grenadier (1962-6) luxury coach bodies for underfloor-engined chassis jointly won the Classic Bus reader poll as the most stylish coach of all time. Many Harrington vehicles are preserved and Harrington devotees have a gathering of their own.
The 1930s.
There were huge numbers of small to medium sized professional coachbuilders in existence around Britain as Thomas Harrington & Sons Ltd moved into its new Hove factory. The management of Harringtons decided that two things were necessary to stand them in good stead in this crowded market. The first was building good relationships with blue-chip customers, and the second was to produce designs with a distinctive Harrington 'look'.
Instances of the first were their long-term supply to high–class coach firms in the private and large company sectors. Such private customers included Grey-Green of Stamford Hill, London, Charlies Cars of Bournemouth and Silver Star of Porton Down. The large firms included the Tilling Group's North Western Road Car Company of Stockport and BET-group member Devon General of Exeter, but perhaps the most enduring relationship of all was as supplier to the local BET coaching powerhouse Southdown Motor Services.
The styling distinctiveness was a major selling point. A Harrington body had a clear 'look' at a time when many coachbuilders, Duple especially, would oblige customers and produce an astounding variety of outlines from the conservative to the totally bizarre, sometimes building to order straight copies of another coachbuilders style.
By the mid-1930s the Harrington 'look' included a half cab with no canopy over the engine and a stepped window line, all arranged in a distinctive flowing series of curves. By the end of the decade when streamlining was the vogue Harrington had devised and patented a new feature called the 'dorsal fin'. This appurtenance looked like a truncated aircraft tail and when applied to the rear of the vehicle allowed a rakishly curved rear-dome outline without compromising passenger access to the rear bench seat and was designed to act as an air-extractor as the vehicle moved, stale air exited the coach saloon due to the suction effect of the low pressure areas created behind the fin.
World War II: new products, new materials, new methods.
But at this time Europe was returning to war, and coach operations ceased, many operators having their vehicles impressed into military service. By the middle of 1940 all non-essential production had been frozen on Government orders and the entire vehicle-building industry had to turn to war work.
Harrington were allocated the Westland Lysander aircraft to build. This was a short take off and landing STOL single-engine type, designed as an artillery spotter, which became noteworthy for its use in covert operations to and from occupied France. As well as the benefits of this to the war effort, it gave Harrington's workforce new skills in jig-building using lightweight alloy sections and extrusions.
Post-war.
After the war demand for new buses and coaches was somewhat pent-up as few had been delivered during the war. However, the country had a massive war debt to pay and all manufacturing industries were exhorted to devote at least 50% of output to export. Harrington was able to build a satisfactory export trade, particularly to South American operators and to those in British African colonies. For the home market most bodies were framed in steel-reinforced hardwood.
Because all the established firms were trying to export, and thus were not able to offer even their most loyal customers acceptable lead-times, the period from 1946 to the early 1950s caused a mushrooming of small coachbuilders. There were many new models and styles of coach. In Harrington's case these included (from 1948) the normal control Leyland Comet CPO1 with its small capacity 300 cu in direct-injection diesel and the Commer Avenger full-fronted forward control lightweight coach, with its big Humber petrol engine tilted over to 70 degrees so it hid under the coach floor. Commer was part of the Rootes Group, later the Rootes family bought Harrington and John C Beadle. For customers wanting a return to pre-war glamour, the 'dorsal fin' was available as an option even on the next generation.
The Wayfarer.
This was designed for the new underfloor-engined chassis from AEC, Leyland and others but was also to be found on three of the Foden rear engined coach chassis. The Wayfarer ran to four marks and was produced from 1951 to 1961, the longest life of any Harrington design. It was the first to the new dimensions of 30 ft long by 8 ft wide and the first Harrington coach to feature a marque name.
Grey-Green bought every version of the type and also took Harrington-bodied Bedfords throughout the 1950s; Silver Star took marks 1, 3 and 4 on Leyland; Southdown only took the mark one on Royal Tiger in 1952 and then deserted Harrington until 1960; Charlies Cars took Harrington-bodied Albion Victors and in 1958 had two Wayfarer mark 4 on Albion Aberdonian. North Western had been transferred from Tilling to BET during World War II and took Wayfarers of marks 1, 3 and 4 for its touring coaches but went elsewhere for express types, notably toward the end of the decade to Alexander.
Mini coaches and minibuses.
From the early 1930s until the mid-1950s Harrington employee and former Southdown driver Ernie Johnstone constructed 63 quarter-scale road-legal coaches to give novelty rides to young children. Many of these were powered by Villiers 125cc two-stroke petrol engines. Bodies on 12 of these working models were constructed by Harrington, the rest he did himself with two friends in his spare time.
During the 1950s Harrington, like Plaxton and Readings offered small party coaches on Karrier and Commer delivery van chassis, whilst from the late 1950s until the factory's closure, Harrington was responsible for producing the Rootes Group's in-house PSV conversion of the Commer 1500 minbus. After Harrington's demise the minibus work went to the former Tilling-Stevens works in Maidstone.
Customers of the minibus included Crosville, the first time the state sector had been served by Harrington since 1949, when United Automobile Services took a batch of Bristol coaches bodied in Hove for their prestigious Newcastle-London service.
The state-owned bus firms' lack of interest in outside suppliers had one over-riding reason: In 1948 ECW and Bristol were served with a statutory ban on selling bodies to other than wholly government-owned organisations and thus ECW took care of almost all of the Tilling Group's bus & coach body needs, produced London Transport's first genuine coaches, and supplied some bodies to the Sheffield Transport C fleet and the Scottish Bus Group.
The contender in a contracting market.
From 1953 to 1969 former Tilling-Stevens factory built the Commer TS3, a compact, if noisy, two-stroke opposed-piston diesel engine adopted in Commer commercials and later marks of their Avenger bus chassis. Harrington (like Beadle) employed units from the Avenger together with a mid-mounted TS3 engine in its Contender range of integral buses and coaches of the mid-1950s, some of these resembled the Wayfarer and others had the standard bus outline of the time, but there was a special design built for BOAC this had a straight waistrail and a multi-paned lantern-type windscreen. (One at least of these were powered by an eight-cylinder Rolls-Royce petrol engine of military pattern, driving torque-converter transmission. An odd choice of propulsion in the fuel-economy obsessed 1950s but they were probably a lot lighter on petrol than a Boeing Stratocruiser or a Lockheed Super Constellation). This style of Contender was sold in 1:76.8 scale model by Dinky Toys as their 'BOAC Coach' BOAC took 28, of which nineteen were used overseas making them the largest customer for the Contender, Maidstone and District were second with 11 buses and one coach.
Although during its short life the Contender was less successful than Beadle's integral coaches, Beadle's comparable Chatham range were by 1957 almost their only line and when the BET group decided to reduce the number of its recommended suppliers only Southdown's liking for their coach body on the Leyland Tiger Cub kept the Dartford body lines going, but then Southdown switched to Weymann and briefly Burlingham (having taken Harrington Wayfarer mark ones in small numbers and then deserted Harrington for most of the 1950s) and that was the end of Beadle in the coachwork game. Rootes decided that the car-dealership chain Beadle also ran was a better business.
During the life of the Wayfarer all of the mushroom coachbuilding businesses disappeared. The clear number one in coach bodies by 1959 was Duple at Hendon, who by 1954 also had a bus factory in the east midlands at Kegworth and in 1958 purchased the bus builder Willowbrook in nearby Loughborough. Duple was strong in the lightweight end of the market, being first choice for bodies on the market-leading Bedford but was facing competition in the premium underfloor engined class from Plaxton and Burlingham of Blackpool. Like Harringtons, these were primarily builders of coach bodies who also did buses, Burlingham built double as well as single deck vehicles and had a respected if small list of customers for these. Weymann, Roe and Alexander were on the other hand bus builders who also did coaches.
Continental inspiration, more new materials.
During the run of the Wayfarer and the Contender, Harrington's coachbuilders developed expertise in handling increasingly large and complex glass-reinforced plastic (GRP) mouldings. The management were keeping abreast of European trends in design and had formed an especial friendship with their opposite numbers at the Italian firm of Orlandi. These changes set the seed for future progress. This combination of alloy frame, mainly aluminium panelling and GRP for coachwork features requiring complex compound curvature enabled stronger, lighter and more durable coach bodies. Besides Harrington, Alexander, ECW, Yeates of Loughborough and (in 1954-6) Park Royal were going down this route.
The development of durable laminates for interior panel finish such as Wareite and Formica was another feature that Harrington started to pioneer. A belated change to the UK government construction and use rules in 1957 allowed fixed, rather than opening, driver's windscreens on public service vehicle (PSV) bodies. This, together with advances in toughened glass manufacture, at last made it possible to have a coach windscreen with a three-dimensional curvature. Early examples of this by Duple, Plaxton and (particularly) Burlingham on the Bedford, Commer and Ford Thames lightweight coaches from 1958 were apt to be 'over the top' echoing similar goldfish-bowl windscreens on large saloon cars by the US-owned carmakers such as the Vauxhall Cresta PA. Harrington did not slavishly adopt, it considered, the next design from Old Shoreham Road retained flat-glazed (optionally-opening) windscreens.
The Crusader, classic times ahead.
Until 1957 Harrington designs for lightweight coaches such as the Bedford SB and the Commer Avenger had been unnamed, but in 1958 the Crusader was launched, it used large glass-fibre mouldings for the front and rear panels. It was slightly ungainly in its original form, but the Mark 2 was a fine looking vehicle, updated as Mark 3 with larger, -sized side and rear windows. The final Mark 4 was perhaps a retrograde step, but no worse than equivalent Plaxton or Duple offerings of the time. It was built on the above two chassis and the Ford Thames 570E, customers included Northern General Transport, Garelochhead Coach Service and Southdown, who took a batch of 15 Commers in 1960. The Crusader was the only classic-era Harrington coach body to be purchased new by the state-owned operators, Transport Holding Company subsidiary Thames Valley taking a small batch of Mark 4 on Bedford SB13 for its South Midland coaching operation in 1964. Although that same year Wilts & Dorset took over Silver Star, adding Wayfarers and Cavaliers to its coach fleet. Barton Transport's 20 Grenadier-bodied Reliances are justly famous, but they also took 15 Crusader 3 on Bedford SB5, 1011-25 (BVO11-25C).
The cars.
When Rootes Group entered the two-seat sports car market in 1958 with the Sunbeam Alpine some customers complained to the dealers that unlike some rival makes such as MG and Jaguar there was not a hardtop coupé version, Harrington were a Rootes dealer and had more expertise than remaining full Rootes subsidiaries in the use of GRP moulding techniques and thus produced these for sale through selected Rootes dealerships, they were known as Harrington Alpines. They also did a similar conversion to the Triumph TR4 for Wimbledon-based Dove Garages. This was called the Dové GTR4. The success of the Alpine programme including an encouraging performance at Le Mans led Commer to entrust Harrington with the PSV conversion of the 1500 van, which included a complete one piece fibreglass roof panel of clerestory outline.
The Cavalier: compared to its competitors.
Launched at the end of 1959, the Cavalier was ahead of the opposition in many if not all respects. Certainly its outside appearance was of classic beauty combining curves, sharp angles and peaks in harmony, which combined with understated use of bright trim in a way that made it stand out from the opposition by combining style with good taste, the double curvature windscreen was not only wholly in line with the style of the body but it helped night-time coach drivers by dispelling interior reflections.
The Plaxton Panorama (launched in production guise in 1959) had a basically rather boxlike shape and a very flashy grille, but it did pioneer Smiths Instruments 'jet-vent' forced ventilation system allowing fixed windows and a cleaner side outline.
The Duple Britannia (1956, on its third facelift for the 1960 season) had an excessively droopy outline and tiny windows; and was very little different to Duple's gaudy Super Vega/Yeoman/Corinthian for cheap coach chassis. Duple probably didn't care, the Brittania was not where the jam lay.
The Duple (Midland) Donington was really just a bus tricked out with more chrome.
The Willowbrook Viscount (new for 1960) had puzzling trim lines stopping and starting in the middle of nowhere and an overly-bulky outline whilst the optional reverse-rake rear glass was a feature that was already dated at the time of its launch and today simply looks odd.
Alexander sold coaches south of the border to North Western and Barton Transport and had a pair of fairly conservative (though aluminium-alloy framed) designs. The curved-waist style which Barton had taken since 1954 was discontinued in 1959 after its other major customer Western SMT had stopped ordering it, North Western took the straight-waisted variant for most of its coach applications, even taking its first batch of 36 ft (see later) Leopards to this outline.
Weymann built its Fanfare design for sale through MCW from 1954 to 1962 without alteration, at the end of its run it was a dated looking body.
Roe had during the 1950s a coach renaissance, selling versions of its Dalesman style to independents and company fleets almost exclusively on the AEC Reliance, in 1959 the Dalesman IV had trapezoidal glazing and a straight waistrail; the biggest customer for this style being Black & White Motorways of Cheltenham.
The masterly execution of the Cavalier stood out most against Burlingham's Seagull 70, its closest contemporary and a body very similar in construction and basic outline. Comparing the two the Seagull 70s detailing was crude and over-emphasised whereas that of the Cavallier was sharply delineated, making the whole coach look lean and sculpted by comparison with the Burlingham style. Some would say that they summed up the difference between Blackpool and Hove. During that season Duple purchased Burlingham and renamed it Duple (Northern).
The Yeates Europa (from 1958, on first facelift for 1960) combined a similarly dumpy volume to the Willowbrook, made in the same town, with deliberately tasteless detailing and riotous paint schemes in a way that operators and passengers either loved or loathed, but it was easily the brashest option.
1960 sales.
The Cavalier was initially offered at 30 ft long by 8 ft wide to fit any suitable underfloor engined chassis. As was normal with Harrington the previous Wayfarer Mark 4 coach remained available (if requested) for the next couple of years, but it was clear the advantage was with the Cavalier. By the time Lloyds of Nuneaton's 3857UE was shown at the 1960 Commercial Motor Show at Earls Court 68 Cavaliers had been sold to seven BET fleets, ten independents and local charity St Dunstan's Home for the Blind. These were mainly on AEC Reliance, but Charlies Cars of Bournemouth took six Albion Aberdonian, East Yorkshire took five on Leyland Tiger Cub and Ellen Smith of Rochdale took the sole Leyland Leopard. The Cavalier was a clear success already, with a number of influential customers well out of Harrington's heartland. Sales were both more geographically widespread and in many cases to customers who had not taken Harrington bodies before. The output from Hendon on equivalent chassis that season was 81.
1961 sales.
Between January and November 1961, 114 Cavaliers were sold, there were repeat orders for the Cavalier from eight operators including St Dunstan's. Of the six BET operators three were new customers for the style, both of the largest taking Leopards for their most prestigious touring duties. Southdown's first order was for forty bodies and Ribble Motor Services, who had favoured local builder Burlingham for the past decade took 35. The largest repeat order was from Northern General who again took ten touring coaches, this time on Leopard, and independents adding further Cavaliers were Abbott of Blackpool, Ellen Smith of Rochdale, Flight of Birmingham and Harris of Greys. The most important new independent customer was Yelloway (a conquest from the Duple group) taking six Reliances.
In terms of chassis on which to build Harringtons fortune had definitely swung in the direction of Farington, with 86 Leopards and a Tiger Cub being bodied in contrast with only 26 Reliances, the Albion Aberdonian had been discontinued the previous year, so it would from now on be a straight fight between Lancashire and Middlesex.
Duple's 1961 season total for the Brittania on its final facelift was 77, all but five on Reliance. The Donington had got bigger windows and Brittania-like trim but between them the expanded Duple group were building not only the Brittania and the Donington but also the Viscount and the Seagull 70, the differences were not just skin-deep either, all the Duple bodies had steel-reinforced hardwood frames, also Plaxton's structural method, The Loughborough-built Donington and Viscount both used frame-sections made from rolled steel tubes, whilst Burlingham's bodies (like those of Harrington and Yeates) were of jig-built aluminium.
Plaxton had refined the Panorama with subtler detailing and inward sloping pillars above the waistrail for the 1961 season. Like Harrington they also offered a more conservative option, in their case an Embassy body with twice as many side windows.
A more conservative option definitely wasn't Yeates' style, instead they introduced a more radical one, if the Europa was insufficiently in-your-face they could offer you the Fiesta, now with trapezoid glazing. Yeates was always going to be a minority choice, and as Yeates sold everyone else's coachwork (their core business being dealership) perhaps they wanted it that way. 1961 proved though that on the premium chassis, Harrington was now second only to Plaxton, although Duple vastly outstripped either (and the Burlingham operation they now owned) in the market for lightweight day-trip coaches.
During 1961 the legal maximum width and length limits for buses and coaches was relaxed, new maxima were 36 ft by 8 ft 2½in, to take effect from January 1, 1962. Leyland and AEC had suitable models on the stocks by the end of the year whilst continuing production of the shorter-wheelbase models. These could legally carry a slightly longer body than 30 ft and the first 1962-season Cavalier delivered in December 1961 (a repeat order for Keith Coaches of Aylesbury on Reliance) was the first Cavalier 315, so called because it was 1 ft 5in longer than the previous model which enabled Harrington to fit 43 of its own seats into the coach, rather than the previous maximum of 41. Duple and Plaxton had offered a 43-seat plan within the older length limits, but their seats were a bit skimpier on padding and even so came close to infringing legal minimum length requirements.
During 1962 the original Cavalier was still offered as was the Cavalier 36, to the new maximum length. The 315 carried most of its extra length in a longer first side window, whilst the 36 ft version had this plus an extra shallower window just aft of the first bay which unlike the rest of the side glazing had a horizontal lower edge, the waistrail now resuming its dip at the third bay, this saved on the cost of extra tooling and made the Cavalier a truly modular range of coach bodies although it certainly did not look that way, the longer first bay window, to the same depth as the windscreen and with a forward sloping pillar made the front of the 315 coach look better balanced. Although the longer version was not as happy as the extended Panorama, tending to look slightly 'droopy' it neither looked as fussy as Blackpool's Continental, or Addlestone's Castillian nor was it quite as distracting as the Europa or Fiesta at the new length.
Harrington's cleverness in construction was necessary for as well as three variants of the Cavalier Old Shoreham Road had to find space for car and minibus conversion work, production of Mark 2 Crusader and bus bodies on AEC Reliance and Albion Nimbus chassis. It was perhaps good news that Maidstone and District had finally been weaned off the Wayfarer Mark 4 and that model could be buried after a good innings. Still the end of the Wayfarer Mark 4 meant that the less timid customers would be wanting something more up to date than even the revised Cavalier Also plans came from Luton for a Bedford chassis for the new maximum length market sector; this was going to be radical in concept and not suitable to the Cavalier outline, nor that of any Cavalier Mark 2, still less would it suit an extended Crusader, so not only was the factory floor busy so were the designers in the drawing office.
1962 sales.
In its final year the 30 foot Cavalier sold 17, all on Reliance. Maidstone & District took ten, South Wales two and Trent Motor Traction, another BET firm, took 5, one of which was a replacement body on an accident-salvaged chassis built in 1958.
13 of the 31 ft 5in version were sold, all to existing customers. In the BET group Southdown took 3 more Leopards, Greenslades had three Reliances and Thomas Brothers of Port Talbot added a further Reliance; of the independents Gliderways took another Tiger Cub, Keith of Aylesbury, Harris of Greys and Summerbees of Southampton took more Reliances. A further Reliance was sold to Stanley Hughes, the Bradford dealer, who leased it for the 1962 season to Wallace Arnold Coaches of Leeds.
As well as these 30 short Cavaliers a further 26 of the 36 foot model were sold. Harrington also sold-off RNJ900, the original Cavalier demonstrator, replacing it with a 36-foot Reliance 470 registered VPM898, which in turn was sold in 1964 to Hall Bros of South Shields.
There were two different sorts of long AEC Reliance, the 470 (type 4MU) used the 7.68-litre engine of the shorter version, at a peak rating of 130 bhp, whilst the 590 (type 2U) used a 9.6-litre 140 bhp engine as in the export AEC Regal VI chassis.
Southdown chose two 49 seater Leopards to the new length, whilst Greenslades added to its collection of Cavaliers with three Reliance 590s and a new BET customer was Neath and Cardiff Coaches with two long Reliance 470s, seating the maximum 51.
The independent buyers of the Cavalier 36 in its first season placing repeat orders for the style were Abbot, Ellen Smith, Yelloway and Hawkey of Newquay and new Cavalier customers included Grey-Green, Hudson of Horncastle, Ayres of Dover, Liss & District in Hampshire and Straws of Leicester, formerly a Plaxton loyalist. Grey Green had its first 36 foot Cavalier on express service a month after the length was legal. The benefits of longer coaches were clearer for express services than for tours, especically tours to more remote scenic areas. Yelloway's 36 footers had an option peculiar to the operator of additional destination displays over the second and fourth nearside windows. For express work there was also an optional destination box in the roof dome, as well as Yelloway, Grey Green were among the operators who specified this.
Fifty seven Cavaliers sold new was exactly half the 1961 performance but the coach market was in a downturn, in comparison Duple sold only nineteen Britannias on short Reliances and four on short Leopard, two of the AECs and one Leopard had old-fashioned central entrances. Blackpool built no further Seagull 70s but built 27 of its 36 ft Duple (Northern) Continental on Reliances, 12 on Leopard (including six for Ribble) and one Royal Tiger Worldmaster (a cancelled export order) for Happiways of Manchester.
1963 sales.
In the 1963 season the Cavalier faced internal competition from the Grenadier (see below) but 21 of the 31 ft 5in version and 49 of the 36 ft were sold. Existing customers who placed repeat orders for the short Cavalier were Southdown (4 Leopard L2), Greenslades (another Reliance), Grey Green's orders included a short Reliance and ten Leopard L2 and Harris of Greys, Summerbee of Southampton and McIntyre of Aberdeen all took further Reliances, Harris' being a rebody of a 1958 chassis damaged in an accident. New customers for the 31 ft 5in Cavalier were Munden of Bristol (Leopard L2) and Crump of Pinner (Reliance). A new option was fixed side glazing and forced ventilation. Southdown having this on its Leopards.
All but one of the BET customers for the long Cavalier had taken the style before, Neath and Cardiff had two Reliance 470 and East Yorkshire four Leopard PSU3, Ribble had 22 on Leopard PSU3 with the new forced ventialation option, the other three were for a newly acquired Ribble subsidiary, Scout Motor Services of Preston, to the same specification as the Ribble examples. Grey Green had one Leopard PSU3 and one Reliance 470, the latter with forced ventilation. The other repeat orders from independents were from Yelloway who took 5 Reliance 590 with the jet-vent system, as well as the additional side destination screens and Ellen Smith, also of Rochdale, with a Leopard fitted with 45 reclining seats, Yelloway standardising on this luxurious option on its Reliances, the short ones seating only 37 as a result. New purchasers of the Cavalier 36 in its second season were Anglo-Continental of Tunbridge Wells (5 Reliance 590) Valliant of Ealing (4 Reliance 590) and Regent of Redditch with a single Reliance 590.
In 1963 Duple had three new styles for underfloor-engined chassis, the Alpine Continental was a longer-windowed version of the Continental whilst the Dragonfly was a 36 ft central entrance coach, both were built at Blackpool, the latter having a steel reinforced hardwood body frame. For the shorter AECs and Leylands the Britannia was finally replaced by the Hendon-built Commodore, which was a modification of the mass market Bella Vista body being 1 ft 10in longer with a front entrance and a maximum capacity of 45. Total Continental/Alpine Continental sales were 17, while only six Dragonflies were built, two Leyland demonstrators on Leopard and four for BET coach operator Samuelson of Victoria. The Commodore was also a sales disappointment, eight Reliance and three Leopard L2 being sold. Willowbrook however were gaining express-coach orders for its version of the BET-standard single decker. In coach form four main bays were fitted as was fixed glazing and forced ventilation and there was an optional solid coach door and brighwork grille. Marshall and Weymann also built BET style express coaches.
In contrast Plaxton had a further revised Panorama, with barely perceptible waist curvature and only three main side window bays on the 36 ft body, the dome was refined and thinner trim strips were used producing a body of unusual restraint for a Plaxton, it was an instant sales success. Ribble, for one, placing large orders.
Another competitive body was Alexander Y type, first shown in 1961, which in coach form had four trapezoid windows on each straight-waisted side and double curvature glazing front and rear. As well as selling massively to the Scottish Bus Group, BET fleets who took the style from 1962-3 were North Western and East Midland, followed in later seasons by Trent, Potteries, the Northern General Group, Hebble, Yorkshire Traction, Yorkshire Woolen and Stratford Blue, whilst three independents purchased the style over its lifetime, Scottish co-operative Wholsale Society had four Reliances, Venture of Consett took 12 Reliances and 26 Leopards, with eight more on order when Northern took them over, whilst Premier Travel of Cambridge had sixteen on Reliance. BET favoured steel-tube body framing and, as introduced, the Y type featured this Alexanders reverting to aluminum framework from 1972/3.
1964/5 sales and totals.
The 1964 season short Cavaliers for BET fleets Greenslades (10 Reliance) and Devon General Grey Cars (8 Reliance) were notable in being to 7 ft 6in width and having Grenadier style dash panels. Grey Green took eleven, Leopard L2, Crump of Pinner took another Reliance and Hutchings & Cornelius with one Reliance became the last new customer for the Cavalier. 31 of the short version were built in its final season.
There were eleven of the longer version, six were for Yelloway on Reliance 590, Grey Green took four Leopard PSU3, Valliant of Ealing had two Reliance 590 and Ellen Smith took a 49 seat Leopard PSU3. The only BET customer was Thomas Brothers of Port Talbot with a 49-seat Reliance 470.
In 1965 Yelloway took the last six 36-foot Cavaliers on Reliance 590. In all 359 Cavaliers had been built, one 30 ft demonstrator, one 36 ft and 357 coaches sold of which 199 were 30 ft, 65 31 ft 5in and 93 36 ft.
There were 99 30 ft Cavaliers sold (plus a demonstrator) on AEC Reliance 2MU chassis, 87 on Leyland Leopard L2T, seven on Leyland Tiger Cub PSUC1/2T and six on Albion Aberdonian MR11L.
Cavalier 315 sales totalled 37 Reliances and 28 Leopards.
Cavalier 36 sales comprised 39 Leopard PSU3, 52 Reliance 590 (2U) and 13 Reliance 470 (4MU) plus the demonstrator, which was sold after a year to Hall Bros. of South Shields who became a loyal Grenadier customer.
The Grenadier, an apotheosis.
To supplement the Cavalier for the 1963 season the Grenadier was introduced, initially available on the longer chassis it was outwardly similar but a tauter-looking body, the structure was similar but the glazing was revised employing one fewer window per side and dipping less toward the rear. A larger windscreen was fitted with a more prominent peak, only the rear glass was carried over from the Cavalier. Revised front and rear GRP mouldings were employed, that at the front accenting the horizontal and carrying a larger destination box, that at the rear having horizontal rather than vertical light clusters. The forced-ventilation set up was standard, intakes for it being fitted in the front peak rather than in Plaxton-style air-scoops on the roof, these changes adding further to the cleanliness of line, the bright trim was of a similar layout to that of the Cavalier, the skirt mouldings being carried over virtually unchanged. Although roof quarter glazing was a common option on Cavaliers the less rounded roof-line of the Grenadier ensured Grenadiers with this option were rare.
1963 sales.
The first two Grenadiers were a Reliance 590 for Harris of Greys and a Leopard PSU3 for Grey Green, both of which were shown at the 1962 Earls Court Commercial Motor show. In the initial season a further 36 ft Reliance 590 went to Abbott of Blackpool, two Leopards to Gliderways of Smethwick, five to Northern General (the only BET order) and a unique 33 ft Grenadier went to Hawkey of Newquay on a Reliance 590 with specially reduced front and rear overhangs, it was registered 900SAF and sat 47.
1964 sales.
For the 1964 season a 31 ft 10in option for the shorter chassis was introduced. 39 of these went to six BET companies and seven independents, previous Harrington customers were North Western, Southdown, Trent and Timpson of Catford.
Southdown specified the dash panels of the Cavalier on their batch. The return of North Western was maybe a surprise as they were a major supporter of the 11m Alexander Y type, but they obviously wanted something shorter (and a bit classier) for their extended tours, their two Leopard L2 had illuminated offside and nearside name badges under the second bay.
The two new BET customers were Western Welsh and Black & White Motorways of Cheltenham, both taking short Reliances. Straw of Leicester had previously taken the Cavalier and specified a Cavalier dash on its Reliance, conquest sales for the short Grenadier in the independent sector were to Jones of Aberbeeg, Birch Brothers and Motorways Overseas, both of London, Roman City of Bath and Wye Valley of Hereford; the first three operators took Reliances and the latter two Tiger Cubs, Roman City's was a rebodied 1954 ex-Ribble coach whilst Wye Valley's two new examples had 45 coach seats, not possible using Harrington seats, so Plaxton seats were purchased and fitted.
For the long Grenadier there was only one BET purchaser, Maidstone & District taking five Reliance 590. BOAC took two of the same for its Glasgow-Prestwick Airport service.
The independent buyers were Abbott of Blackpool, Barton Transport Ltd, Bermuda of Nuneaton, Gliderways, Hall Brothers of South Shields, Jones, Keith of Aylesbury and Motorways Overseas. Of the 32 built 5 were on Leopards. All 27 Reliances were of the 590 type, Bartons 979-988 (979-88 VRR) having Cavalier type windscreens and a roof mounted destination box as well as air operation for the coach door, enabling use as a bus. Hall Bros had an illuminated name badges on the nearside under the first bay on its three Leopards and sole Reliance 590. This was the final year of the dateless registration plate system and two classics were on Grenadier-bodied Reliances, Keith Coaches had 1234PP whilst the first of Maidstone & District’s carried 3294D. A change to legal regulations to come into effect from 1965 required additional emergency exits on bodies seating more than 45, on the Grenadier 36 the offside first bay, just aft of the drivers window, was to be fitted with a top-hinged exit door for its final two seasons.
1965.
Southdown headed the BET list for short Grenadiers taking another ten to its style on Leopard L2, North Western had a further three L2 and Samuleson of Victoria (their garage is now the Arrivals terminal for Victoria Coach Station) took four L2, the other BET purchasers chose the Reliance, Timpson of Catford taking four and their subsidiary Bourne & Balmer of Croydon taking two.
Private sector customers were, on Leopard, Grey Green (4) and Jones, Aberbeeg (1), Ekcersley of St Helens took a Grenadier body on a reconditioned 1954 Tiger Cub chassis whilst Gliderways had two new Tiger Cubs, the rest were on Reliance, Bowen of Birmingham had three, and one each went to the following: Green Luxury, Walton-on-Thames, Harris of Greys, Hutchings & Cornelius, South Petherton, Rickard of Brentford and Warburton of Bury.
The sole BET customer for the 36-foot Grenadier was Black & White Motorways of Cheltenham, taking five Leopard PSU3. Private-sector Leopard buyers were Hall Bros, South Shields (4), Laceys of West Ham (1, the 1964 show coach) and Ellen Smith (1). The Reliance list was headed by Barton Transport whose 1001-10 featured a destination box below the windscreen in lieu of the illuminated name badge, allowing the fitment of a standard Grenadier windscreen but they retained the power doors, they were registered BVO1-10C and featured Reliance 4U3RA air-suspended chassis, a very rare option on the home market; the only other air-sprung chassis to receive Harrington bodies were the initial Ribble and Southdown batches of Cavalier bodied Leopard L2T. Steel-sprung Reliance 590s went to Valliant of Ealing (four with top-sliding windows in lieu of forced vents), Motorways Overseas, London, Surrey Motors of Sutton (3 each), Regent of Redditch (2), Beavis of Bussage, Gloucestershire (one), Bermuda of Nuneaton (one) and Hawkey of Newquay (one). The 1965 sales list also included a 51-seat Reliance 470 for Hutchings and Cornelius.
1966, The Swansong.
Closure had been announced at the time of delivery of the 1966 examples, there was one batch at 31 ft 10in comprising four Reliances for Greenslades. The 36-footers comprised 15 Reliance 590 for Maidstone and District, 8 with top sliders for Devon General's Grey Cars operation and a final six Leopard PSU3 for Grey-Green.
Greenslades FFJ13D was shown in a valedectory appearance for Harringtons at the 1966 Brighton Coach Rally. It bore plaques proclaiming it the final Harrington body built.
Grenadier totals.
192 Grenadiers were built, one to 33 ft length, 82 to 31 ft 10in and 109 to 36 ft. Two of the shortest versions were on rebodied Leyland Tiger Cub, and four on new Leyland Tiger Cub PSUC1/12T chassis, 34 on Leyland Leopard L2T, the remaining 42 on short-wheelbase AEC Reliance 470 2MU3RA.
Of the 109 to 36-foot length, eleven were built in 1963, seventy-one in 1964, seventy-seven in 1965 and 33 in 1966. Of those, one was a Reliance 470 4MU3RA, 68 were Reliance 590 2U3RA and ten were air-sprung Reliance 4U3RA, the total on Leyland Leopard PSU3 was 30.
The sole 33 ft version was on a modified Reliance 2U3RA.
The Legionnaire.
During 1961 Vauxhall Motors told British coachbuilders about their new design to be produced from the end of 1962. The Bedford VAL was a twin-steering chassis with a long front overhang designed for an entrance ahead of the steering axles, a unique feature of the type was that the wheels were only 16-inch in diameter, which in turn reduced the floor height of bodied examples, the radiator was mounted at the front and immediately behind it was the 125 bhp Leyland O.400 engine. The Harrington Legionnaire was a square-rigged body with straight waistrail and five deep windows per side, one less than the Duple Vega Major and one more than the Plaxton Val. It also differed from the Cavalier and Grenadier by having plated window surrounds, there was a large brightwork grille and twin headlights, a Grenadier style front windscreen was used with a similar sized one at the rear. Above the windscreen was a destination box or illuminated nameboard and above that a prominent peak.
At the rear the illuminated nameboard was inside the rear glass and this was fitted the other way about to the front, meaning the first and last pillars had a pronounced forward rake to them whilst all the others were vertical. The Cantrail was flat above it was a roof section of very shallow curvature. The mark two which followed in 1964 for the final two seasons omitted this flat cantrail and had a roof of compound curvature, which reduced the tall square effect of the original but reduced space in the overhead luggage racks. The Legionnaire was built on the Bedford VAL, the more conventional Ford Thames 36 and there were also two specials on Guy Victory trambus chassis.
The Harrington Society.
Many Harrington vehicles, buses, coaches cars and miniature coaches survive, ranging from a late 1920s Leyland to Cavaliers, Grenadiers and five Legionnaires, one of which is a replica of the Italian Job coach. Every five years the Harrington Society hold a gathering at the Amberly Museum to celebrate the coachbuilder and its products. The last gathering was in 2012 and was attended by Roy Harrington, Clive Harrington, Anne Hanrahan ( née Harrington ), Michael Harrington and Christine Harrington. Many cherished examples of the marque, both cars and coaches, were on display.

</doc>
<doc id="18822234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822234" title="Lab Rats Challenge">
Lab Rats Challenge

Lab Rats Challenge is an Australian children's game show. The program began broadcasting on 4 August 2008 at 4pm on the Nine Network with hosts Drew Jarvis and Nicole Dixon. On 5 March 2012, the show moved to the Seven Network with Aleisha Groth replacing Dixon for the revived series. On 12 February 2013 at 10:15am, the show moved to the ABC3 The show has also been broadcast on Cartoon Network.
In contrast to other Australian children's game shows such as "Sharky's Friends", "A*mazing", and "Go Go Stop", which are filmed on a large set in front of a live studio audience, "Lab Rats Challenge" uses several smaller sets resembling an abandoned science laboratory as well as special effects sequences inserted in post-production. It is filmed in Brisbane's Channel 9 studio on Mount Coot-tha, Queensland.
Gameplay.
The challenges on the show are born from science experiments, such as guessing how many drops of water will fit on a twenty cent coin. Each episode's final challenge, The Labyrinth, features the children competitors racing through a series of physical and mental challenges. The 1st pair to make it through the labyrinth gets cheesed at the end. This is similar in style to the maze on early 1990s Australian kids game show "A*mazing" and 1990s American show "Legends of the Hidden Temple".
Rounds.
If there is a tie after What'll Happen If or the Rat Race, there is a tie breaker known as the Randomizer. Both teams are given a beaker of water along with two similar-looking containers of white powder. Only one would cause a chemical reaction when placed in the water. The team that wins the Rat Race gets to choose their powder first. Both teams pour their powder in the water and the one that has a chemical reaction wins. This tie breaker is completely based on chance.
Only one episode has two tie breakers happened when the scores were 15-15 and 65-65. In both Randomizers, the blue team won.

</doc>
<doc id="18822239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822239" title="CFNS (AM)">
CFNS (AM)

CFNS was a Canadian radio station, which broadcast in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan from 1952 to 1973. A private affiliate of Radio-Canada, the station was owned by Radio-Prairies-Nord Ltée.
CFRG originally aired at 1170 AM. The station was purchased by Radio-Canada in 1973, and became a rebroadcaster of Regina's CBKF-FM. A few months later, it moved to AM 860. The transmitter, which now has the call sign CBKF-2, is still in operation as a rebroadcaster of CBKF.

</doc>
<doc id="18822257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822257" title="Hat diviyan keliya">
Hat diviyan keliya

Hat diviyan keliya is a two-player abstract strategy game from Sri Lanka. It is a Leopard hunt game (or Leopard game). One tiger is going up against seven leopards. The leopards attempt to surround and trap the tiger while the tiger attempts to capture enough of them (usually 4) so that the leopards can not immobilize the tiger. It is unknown how old the game is, however, the game was published in 1873. There is a very similar game played in Thailand called Len Choa. The only difference is that there are six leopards only.
Goal.
Leopards win if they surround and immobilize the one tiger. That is, the tiger can not move on its turn.
The tiger wins if it captures four leopards, as there are not enough leopards left to immobilize the tiger.
Equipment.
The board used is a triangle dissected by two lines across its breadth, and one line across its length through its central axis. This makes for 10 intersection points. There are seven white pieces representing the leopards, and one black piece representing the tiger. The leopard pieces and tiger piece are played on the intersection points.
Game Play and Rules.
1. Players decide what animal to play. Players alternate their turns throughout the game. The board is empty in the beginning with the exception to the tiger piece which is placed on the top vertex of the triangle (the top vertex is the corner of the triangle where the vertical line running down the length of the triangle dissects it).
2. The Leopards start first. All seven leopard pieces must be dropped first before any of them can be moved. Only one leopard piece can be dropped per turn, and they are dropped onto any vacant point on the board during the Leopard's turn.
3. The Tiger on its turn may either move the tiger one space onto a vacant point following the pattern on the board, or use it to capture a leopard piece.
After all the leopards have been dropped, a leopard can move one space per turn onto a vacant point following the pattern on the board. Only one leopard may be moved per turn. Unlike the tiger, leopards can not capture.
4. The tiger captures a leopard by the short leap as in draughts. The tiger must be adjacent to the leopard, and leap over it onto a vacant point on the other side following the pattern on the board. Only one capture is allowed per turn. Captures are not compulsory.

</doc>
<doc id="18822278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822278" title="Jamnapari goat">
Jamnapari goat

Jamnapari (or Jamunapari) is a breed of goat originating from Indian subcontinent. Since 1953 they have been imported to Indonesia (popular as Etawa goat, and its mixture with a local goat called "PE", "peranakan Etawa" or Etawa mix) where they have been a great success. It is bred for both milk and meat. The name is derived from the rivers Yamuna, Jamuna (West Bengal) and Jamuna (Bangladesh) of India and Bangladesh.
This breed is one of the ancestors of the American Nubian.
In India there were an estimated 580,000 of the breed in the 1972 census, although less than 5000 were thought to be purebred.
Physical characteristics.
There is a large variation in color but the typical Jamnapari is white with patches of tan on the neck and head. Their heads tend to have a highly convex nose, which gives them a parrot-like appearance. They have long flat drooping ears which are around 25 cm long. Both sexes have horns. The udder has round, conical teats and is well developed. They also have unusually long legs.
The Jamnapari male can weigh up to 120 kg, while females can reach around 90 kg.
The average lactation yield per day has been found to be slightly less than two kilograms. Jamnapari meat is said to be low in cholesterol.
Behavior.
During the winter they will spend more than 90% of their time grazing, although this falls to around 55% in the hot Indian summer. The breed browses on bushes, tree leaves and the top of grasses rather than typical ground grazing. Their mean heart rate was found to be 127 ± 3.46 in one study.
Reproduction.
Rates of conception are high, nearly 90%. Triplets and quadruplets are common. The average age of first conception is 18 months.

</doc>
<doc id="18822327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822327" title="Kong Ja-Young">
Kong Ja-Young

Kong Ja-Young (born July 30, 1985 in Seoul, South Korea) is a female South Korean Judoka. 
She won a silver medal at the Doha Asian Games in 2006 and competed in the Olympics in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18822331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822331" title="5N">
5N

5N, 5-N, or 5°N may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18822377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822377" title="Campo Florido">
Campo Florido

Campo Florido is a Brazilian municipality located in the west of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was estimated to be 6,570 people living in a total area of 1,261 km². The city belongs to the mesoregion of Triângulo Mineiro and Alto Paranaíba and to the micro-region of Uberaba. It became a municipality in 1938. 
Campo Florido is located at an elevation of 570 meters, 70 km. west of Uberaba. The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 546 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Comendador Gomes (W), Prata (NW), Veríssimo (E), Conceição das Alagoas, (SE) Pirajuba (S), and Frutal (SW). 
The main economic activities are services, industry (especially brick making), and agriculture. There is an alcohol and sugar distilling plant--S/A USINA CORURIPE AÇÚCAR E ÁLCOOL, FILIAL CAMPO FLORIDO:, located 25 km. from the city center. 
The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$155 million, with 36 million Reais from services, 35 million Reais from industry, and 73 million Reais from agriculture. There were 379 rural producers on 58,000 hectares of land. The land is very fertile and agricultural production is high. 98 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 1,100 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops were sugarcane (18,000 hectares planted in 2006)) and soybeans (17,000 hectares planted in 2006), but oranges, cotton, rice, beans and corn were also grown. There were 70,000 head of cattle (2006). There were 2 banks (2007) and 810 automobiles, giving a ratio of 8 inhabitants per automobile. 
There were 2 health clinics. Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Uberaba, which is connected by good roads. Educational needs were met by 7 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 5 pre-primary schools. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$234.00 was below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country--0,467--putting it in last place. 

</doc>
<doc id="18822489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822489" title="Henry Boyle, 5th Earl of Shannon">
Henry Boyle, 5th Earl of Shannon

Henry Bentinck Boyle, 5th Earl of Shannon (22 November 1833, London – 8 February 1890, Castlemartyr) was an Honorary Colonel of the 2nd Brigade, South Irish Division, Royal Artillery.
Family.
He was a son of Richard Boyle, 4th Earl of Shannon and his wife Emily Henrietta Seymour. Richard served as a Member of Parliament, representing the Cork County constituency in the House of Commons from 1830 to 1832. Richard was a member of the Whig faction. Emily was a daughter of Lord George Seymour and Isabella Hamilton.
George Seymour was a son of Francis Seymour-Conway, 1st Marquess of Hertford and his wife Lady Isabella Fitzroy. Isabella Hamilton was a daughter of the Reverend George Hamilton, Canon of Windsor (1718–1787) and his wife Elizabeth Onslow.
Isabella Fitzroy was a daughter of Charles FitzRoy, 2nd Duke of Grafton and his wife Lady Henrietta Somerset. George Hamilton was a son of James Hamilton, 7th Earl of Abercorn and his wife Anne Plumer. Elizabeth Onslow was a daughter of Richard Onslow, Governor of Plymouth and his second wife Pooley Walton.
Henrietta Somerset was a daughter of Charles Somerset, Marquess of Worcester and his wife Rebecca Child. Anne Plumer was a daughter of John Plumer and Mary Hale. Her father was a Member of the Parliament, representing Hertfordshire in the Parliament of England. The Plumers originated in Old Windsor, claiming descent from an Anglo-Saxon knight. However their pedigree as preserved in the College of Arms only dates to the Elizabethan era. By that time the family already held significant wealth. John Plumer was also High Sheriff of Hertfordshire in 1689, appointed during the reign of William and Mary. He was a Whig Parliamentary candidate in 1698, defeated by Ralph Freman and Thomas Halsey. Both his rivals were Tories. He was again a candidate in the 1708 election, again failing to win against Freman and Halsey. He was supported by most of the local gentry but had little support among others eligible to vote. Jonathan Swift records the arranged marriage of Anne to the Earl of Abercorn in "The Journal to Stella", placing it in 1711. Stella was his nickname for Esther Johnson. On an entry dated to 2 March 1711, Swift reports "I dined with Lord Abercorn, whose son Peasley will be married at Easter to ten thousand pounds." The Lord Abercorn mentioned here was Anne's father-in-law, James Hamilton, 6th Earl of Abercorn. "Peasley" is a reference to the title "Lord Paisley", a courtesy title used at the time for the eldest son of each Duke of Abercorn. The ten thousand pounds were the dowry of Anne. John Plumer is later noted granting refuge to Jane Wenham, subject of a witch trial, at his estate, New Place at Gilston. New Place had been built by Henry Chauncy in 1550. John Plumer purchased the estate in 1701. Plumer died in 1718 and his estates were inherited by his son William Plumer (c. 1686 - 1767). William also served as M.P later in life. Pooley Walton was a daughter of Charles Walton of Little Bursted, Essex. Her paternal uncle Sir George Walton was a Vice Admiral of the Royal Navy.
Rebecca Child was a daughter of Josiah Child, governor of the Honourable East India Company and his second wife Mary Atwood. Her maternal grandfather William Atwood was also a merchant.
Life account.
He was educated at Eton College and then joined the service of the Foreign Office. In 1852, Boyle was appointed Attaché to the British envoy at Frankfurt am Main, a Free imperial city maintaining its independence. Frankfurt was at the time a member of the German Confederation and served as the seat of its Bundesversammlung. From 1852 to 1853, Boyle served as Attaché to the British embassy at Vienna, capital of the Austrian Empire.
His father died on 1 August 1868. Henry inherited his title and the estates associated with it. He held said title and estates until his own death.
Marriages and children.
On 12 July 1859, Shannon married his first wife Lady Blanche Emma Lascelles. She was a daughter of Henry Lascelles, 3rd Earl of Harewood and his wife Lady Louisa Thynne. They had three children:
Blanche died on 26 December 1863, two weeks after giving birth to her last son. On 14 January 1868, Shannon married his second wife, Julia Charlotte Cradock-Hartopp. She was a daughter of William Edmund Cradock-Hartopp, 3rd Baronet, High Sheriff of Warwickshire and his wife Jane Mary Keane. They had three children:

</doc>
<doc id="18822492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822492" title="Ronald Šiklić">
Ronald Šiklić

Ronald Šiklić (born 24 October 1980 in Zagreb) is a Croatian football defender.

</doc>
<doc id="18822494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822494" title="Tomiji Koyanagi">
Tomiji Koyanagi

, was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
Biography.
A native of Niigata Prefecture, Koyanagi was a graduate of the 42nd class of the Imperial Japanese Navy Academy in 1914. He served his midshipman duty on the cruiser and battleship . Commissioned a sub-lieutenant in 1915, he was assigned to the cruiser . After completing torpedo and gunnery schools, he served on the crew of the cruiser and destroyers , and . After graduation from the Navy Staff College in 1926 and his promotion to lieutenant commander, he was assigned his first command: the destroyer . He served as an instructor from 1929–1938, specializing in destroyer operations and torpedo warfare, before returning to sea again as the commander of "Iwate". In October 1940, he became commander of the cruiser . 
At the time of the attack on Pearl Harbor, Koyanagi was captain of the battleship . He was promoted to rear admiral in December 1942.
Later, Koyanagi commanded Destroyer Squadron 10 (DesRon 10) during the Guadalcanal Campaign. He was appointed Chief of Staff of the IJN 2nd Fleet under Admiral Takeo Kurita in July 1943. 
A strong believer in the "Kantai kessen" naval doctrine of a decisive battle, Koyanagi criticized the battle plans for the Battle of Leyte Gulf in October 1944, as the plan called for concentrating Japanese attacks on enemy transports rather than warships.
During the Leyte campaign, he was aboard the flagship "Atago" with Kurita when the fleet was ambushed by the American submarines and . "Atago" was hit by four torpedoes from "Darter" and capsized at 05:53 on 23 October 1944. Koyanagi survived and transferred to the battleship with Kurita. He was later severely injured by fragments from a near miss on 26 October and hospitalized until August 1945. Surviving the war, Koyanagi was promoted to vice admiral on 1 November 1945, and retired 10 days later. 
After the war, Koyagani was interrogated by Lieutenant Commander James A. Field, Jr. of the United States Navy Reserve in Tokyo on 24 October 1945. Field noted that Koyanagi clarified questions that the U.S. Navy strategists had on the Japanese decision to go north rather than enter Leyte Gulf on the morning of 25 October.
Koyanagi died on 6 August 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18822518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822518" title="Unitarian Universalist Church (Cortland, New York)">
Unitarian Universalist Church (Cortland, New York)

The Unitarian Universalist Church in Cortland, New York (also known as "The Old Cobblestone Church") was built in 1837 as a Universalist Church. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
It has cobblestone walls and granite quoins. In 1895, a large arch was cut in the east cobblestone wall and a Morey and Barnes organ was set in the arch. This historic organ is one of only two such historic organs remaining. It is nationally recognized by the American Organ Historical Society for its superb sound and nearly original condition. 
The building was documented by Historic American Buildings Survey photographer Jack Boucher in 1966.
It is one of only 21 surviving cobblestone religious buildings in New York State. It is also the oldest public building still in use in Cortland, NY. "The Town of Cortlandville contributed $100 toward construction of the church in return for the use of the church basement as the Town Hall. The Town retained use of the basement until the 1880s." 

</doc>
<doc id="18822538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822538" title="Gentian Hervetus">
Gentian Hervetus

Gentian Hervetus (Hervet) (b. at Olivet, near Orléans, in 1499; d. at Reims, 12 September 1584) was a French Roman Catholic theologian, humanist and controversialist.
Life.
After studying the humanities at Orléans, he went to Paris where he became tutor of Claude d'Aubespine, afterwards secretary of state. Here he became acquainted with Thomas Lupset, an Englishman, whom he later followed to England, where he was charged with the education of a brother of Cardinal Reginald Pole. He accompanied his scholar to Rome, where he remained some time in the house of Cardinal Pole, occupying himself chiefly with the Latin translation of various Greek Fathers. 
Returning to France, he taught the humanities for a short time at the College of Bordeaux, then went back to Rome and became secretary to Cardinal Cervini, the future Pope Marcellus II. In 1546 he accompanied this cardinal to the Council of Trent, and delivered an oration against clandestine marriages. 
In 1556, when he was already fifty-seven years old, he was ordained priest. Soon after, he became Vicar-General of the diocese of Noyon and received a canonry at Reims. As pastor he preached against the Calvinists and wrote numerous pamphlets against them. In 1562 he returned to the Council of Trent in company of Cardinal Charles of Lorraine.
Works.
He is the author of "Le saint, universel et general concile de Trente" (Reims, 1564, Rouen, 1583; Paris, 1584), and numerous controversial pamphlets. He also translated into Latin and French many works of the Greek Fathers, Sextus Empiricus, collections of canons, decrees of councils, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18822547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822547" title="Paul Willis (actor)">
Paul Willis (actor)

Paul Willis (April 9, 1901 – November 3, 1960) was an American actor of the silent film era who is possibly best recalled as a child actor in the 1910s.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Willis made his screen debut for Vitagraph Studios at the age of twelve in the title role of the 1913 drama-short "Little Kaintuck". He would go on to play a variety of juvenile roles, often opposite child actress Mildred Harris. One notable film starring Willis was the 1914 Edward Dillon-directed comedy-short "Bill Goes in Business for Himself" which also starred actor and future successful film director Tod Browning. In 1917 Willis appeared opposite the very popular onscreen duo Harold Lockwood and May Allison in the romantic drama "The Promise".
Through the 1910s and into the 1920s, Paul Willis would appear opposite such actors as Carmel Myers, Lester Cuneo, Broncho Billy Anderson and Mae Marsh.
Willis is possibly best recalled for his portrayal of Dickon Sowerby in the 1919 Gustav von Seyffertitz-directed film adaptaion of the Frances Hodgson Burnett novel "The Secret Garden" for the Famous Players-Lasky Corporation, in which he appeared opposite actors Lila Lee, Richard Rosson and Spottiswoode Aitken. The film is now considered lost.
Willis retired from acting at age 22. His final film appearance was in the 1923 Tom Forman-directed drama "Money! Money! Money!", opposite Katherine MacDonald and Carl Stockdale.
Willis died at the age of 59 in Los Angeles, California in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18822553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822553" title="Srivaishnava Urdhva Pundra">
Srivaishnava Urdhva Pundra

The Srivaishnava Urdhva Pundra (also known as Thiruman Srichurnam or the Shricharanam) is the tilaka used by followers of Sri Vaishnava. The figure drawn is representative of the feet of Narayana with Lakshmi in the middle. It is adorned by members of the Sri Vaishnava tradition (including Pancharatra, Vaikhanasa, and Bhagavada Srivaishnavas).
Form.
The full form.
The two Iyengar subsects, Thenkalai and Vadakalai, wear the Thiruman Srichurnam in slightly different ways. The Thiruman in the case of the Thenkalai extends to the bridge of the nose, forming a Y shape.
Priests traditionally wear the Thiruman Srichurnam at 12 places on their body (dvadasa pundram). See: Samashrayanam.
Full forms of the Urdhva Pundara are shown in the gallery.
The abbreviated form.
The abbreviated Thiruman is more commonly used by Iyengars in daily life. It consists of a single thin, vertical red or yellow line in the middle of the forehead. Although the Smriti forbid wearing the Srichurnam without the Thiruman, it has become a common practice due to convenience.
Etymology and meaning.
The Parashara Smriti gives a very detailed explanation on the Thiruman: where, when, and how to wear it, as well as what should be chanted while wearing the same.
Srichurnam is the yellow/red line in the middle of the white marks. The white marks are called ThirumaN in Tamil. The word Srichurnam is often referred with the Thiruman and is called as Thiruman Srichurnam (or Oordhva Pundram). Particularly for the followers of Sri Sampradayam Srivaishnavas, Sriman Narayana (Vishnu) is always seen as being inseparable from his divine consort, Lakshmi, and hence the marks on the forehead will always represent the Lord's lotus feet (ThirumaN) and his divine consort in the middle at his service.
The etymology of Srichurnam is as follows: Sri refers to Lakshmi, while churanam literally means powder. The Srichurnam - the red/yellow line in the middle - represents Lakshmi. Thiruman (tiru = holy, maN = clay) represents the feet Vishnu.
Composition.
Apart from the main ingredients described below, several auspicious substances are added, such as Tulasi, rice, turmeric, camphor, flowers.
Thiruman.
The white powder in Thiruman is derived from decayed schistose mica.
It is found, among other places, in Melukote.
Shrichurnam.
The yellow mark is worn using turmeric, or using sandal wood paste. (Sandal is forbidden from use for bachelors in Vedic tradition).
The red mark is made of turmeric mixed with lime (churNa).

</doc>
<doc id="18822555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822555" title="Maurice Godin (actor)">
Maurice Godin (actor)

Maurice Godin (born February 28) is a Canadian actor, who has appeared in several films and television shows.
Career.
Born in Toronto, Canada, Godin has been acting in theatre, television and film for the past thirty years. He received four years of classical conservatory training at Ryerson Theatre School in Toronto after which he completed an apprenticeship at the Shaw Festival in Canada. He continued his actor training with international teachers and coaches at the Stratford Shakespearean Festival. His theatre career has taken him from coast to coast across Canada where he has starred in the major theaters of almost every province, including the Shaw Festival and the Stratford Shakespearean Festival, where he garnered critical acclaim for his portrayal of Arturo Ui in Bertolt Brecht's "The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui". Some of his numerous theatre credits include Mercutio in "Romeo and Juliet", d'Artagnan in "The Three Musketeers", Constantin in "The Seagull", Puck in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" and Rochester in "Jane Eyre".
Godin has also performed extensively in musical theatre most notably in the roles of the Emcee in "Cabaret", the Master in "Godspell", Joey Evans in "Pal Joey", Herschel Blackwell in "Fire" and in an award-winning performance of Screamin' John in John Gray's "Rock and Roll". He also portrayed Edmund in "King Lear", starring Christopher Plummer.
Among his many television credits, Godin has guest-starred on "Still Standing", "The Practice", "Ally McBeal", "Friends", "The Outer Limits" and "Seinfeld". He has also played recurring characters on "", "3rd Rock from the Sun", "First Monday" and "Spin City". He has been a series regular on "Café Americain", "Life with Roger", and "Working". His feature film work includes such Canadian films as "White Room", "Salt Water Moose", and "Double Take". He played the flamboyant role of Hector in the film "Boat Trip" (2003), followed by guest roles on "Medical Investigation", "House", "Las Vegas" as well as a comic turn as Wesley the bumbling burglar in the film "Chestnut (Hero of Central Park)". He has also portrayed the French composer Georges Bizet in "Bizet's Dream".
He also guest starred in Disney Channel shows "Wizards of Waverly Place" as Ronald Longcape Sr. and "Good Luck Charlie" as Mr. Walsh.
Godin is currently working on a novel inspired by a childhood raised in an Acadian household.

</doc>
<doc id="18822559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822559" title="Colton Fretter">
Colton Fretter

Colton Fretter (born March 12, 1982 in Harrow, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward currently on a try-out contract with EHC München of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
Playing career.
Fretter played Jr. B hockey for Chatham Maroons until 2001-2002 where they recorded no more than 9 losses for 3 straight seasons, winning 2 championships and 3 division titles. Before attending Michigan State University he was drafted in the 8th round (230th Overall) of the 2002 NHL draft by Atlanta Thrashers, now Winnipeg Jets.
He attended 4 years at Michigan State University, recording 158 games, 43 goals, 69 assists, for 112 points and was a plus/minus +16 (career)
He began his professional career by playing with the Gwinnett Gladiators of the ECHL where he played in the 2006-2007 ECHL All-Star game. He was also named ECHL rookie of the year despite missing some games due to injury. During 2007-2008 season, he split time between three teams: Gwinnett, and the Bridgeport Sound Tigers and the Chicago Wolves, both of the AHL.
Fretter signed a two-way deal with Buffalo Sabres on August 4, 2008 and was assigned to affiliate, the Portland Pirates, of the AHL. He played in a career high 80 games with the Pirates, scoring 40 points.
On August 3, 2009, Fretter signed a one-year contract with the Springfield Falcons of the AHL. After spending the 2010–11 season in Italy with the Bolzano-Bozen Foxes on May 20, 2011, Fretter signed a one-year contract with German DEL team, Iserlohn Roosters.
After a solitary season with Swiss club, EHC Olten of the National League B, Fretter returned to Germany on a try-out with DEL club, EHC München on July 29, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18822560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822560" title="Randy Phillips (American soccer)">
Randy Phillips (American soccer)

Randy Phillips (born Dallas, Texas) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League, one in the American Soccer League and two in the United Soccer League. He was also a two-time first team All American goalkeeper at Southern Methodist University.
Phillips grew up in Dallas, Texas and attended Southern Methodist University where he played on the men's soccer team from 1977 to 1980. He was a three-time All American, being selected to the second team in 1978 and the first team in 1979 and 1980. In 1980, Phillips signed with the Minnesota Kicks of the North American Soccer League. He played in ten games, but the Kicks folded at the end of the season and on December 8, 1981, the Tulsa Roughnecks acquired Phillips in the Dispersal Draft. He was a backup player for Tulsa during the 1982 season. In 1983, he moved to the Dallas Americans in the American Soccer League. The ASL collapsed at the end of the season and the American players moved to the newly established United Soccer League. Phillips was the Americans' starting goalkeeper for the 1984 and 1985 USL seasons. The USL also collapsed after only half the season was played. Phillips does not appear to have played professionally after that.

</doc>
<doc id="18822580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822580" title="Demala diviyan keliya">
Demala diviyan keliya

Demala diviyan keliya is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Sri Lanka, formerly known as Ceylon. It is a hunt game, and since it uses a triangle board, Demala diviyan keliya is specifically a leopard hunt game (or leopard game). Three tigers are going up against fifteen leopards. The leopards attempt to surround and trap the tigers while the tigers attempt to capture enough of them (usually 7) so that the leopards can not immobilize the tigers. It is unknown how old the game is, but the game was described by H. Parker in his 1909 book "Ancient Ceylon - An Account of the Aborigines and of Part of the Early Civilisation". The game is also known as the Tamil leopards game. In India, it is called Rafaya.
Goal.
Leopards win if they surround and immobilize the three tigers. That is, the tigers cannot move on their turn.
The tigers win if they capture seven leopards, as there are not enough leopards left to immobilize the tigers.
Equipment.
The board used is made up of four triangles adjoined together and dissected by three lines across their breadth, making for 21 intersection points. There are fifteen white pieces representing the leopards, and three black pieces representing the tigers. The leopard pieces and tiger pieces are played on the intersection points.

</doc>
<doc id="18822589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822589" title="Malina (disambiguation)">
Malina (disambiguation)

Malina is an Inuit solar deity.
Malina may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18822597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822597" title="Sărata, Bacău">
Sărata, Bacău

Sărata is a commune in Bacău County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Bălţata and Sărata. These were part of Nicolae Bălcescu Commune until 2004, when they were split off. At the 2011 census, 99.8% of inhabitants were ethnic Romanians.

</doc>
<doc id="18822599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822599" title="Strugari, Bacău">
Strugari, Bacău

Strugari is a commune in Bacău County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Cetăţuia, Iaz, Nadişa, Petricica, Răchitişu and Strugari.

</doc>
<doc id="18822600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822600" title="Odobești, Bacău">
Odobești, Bacău

Odobeşti is a commune in Bacău County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Băluşa, Ciutureşti, Odobeşti and Tisa-Silvestri. These were part of Secuieni Commune until 2005, when they were split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18822601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822601" title="Gioseni">
Gioseni

Gioseni is a commune in Bacău County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Gioseni. It was part of Tamași Commune until 2005, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18822602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822602" title="Buciumi, Bacău">
Buciumi, Bacău

Buciumi is a commune in Bacău County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Buciumi and Răcăuţi. The villages were part of Ştefan cel Mare Commune until 2005, when they were split off.
At the 2011 census, 75.6% of inhabitants were Romanians and 24.4% Roma.

</doc>
<doc id="18822613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822613" title="The Confessor (film)">
The Confessor (film)

The Good Shepherd (also known as The Confessor in the United States) is a 2004 drama film directed by Lewis Webb, starring Christian Slater, Molly Parker and Stephen Rea. The film follows a straying Catholic priest's investigation of a troubled teen's mysterious death. It was released direct-to-video on March 21, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18822614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822614" title="Matthew Dryer">
Matthew Dryer

Matthew S. Dryer is a professor of linguistics at the State University of New York at Buffalo who has worked in typology, syntax, and language documentation. He is best known for his research on word order correlations, which has been widely cited. He is one of the editors of the World Atlas of Language Structures. His research has also analyzed various definitions of markedness as they may apply to word order. He has done original research on Kutenai and is currently doing research (in conjunction with Lea Brown) on a number of languages of Papua New Guinea, among them Walman.

</doc>
<doc id="18822617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822617" title="Delta, Minas Gerais">
Delta, Minas Gerais

Delta is a Brazilian municipality located in the west of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was estimated to be 6,600 people living in a total area of . The city belongs to the mesoregion of Triângulo Mineiro and Alto Paranaíba and to the micro-region of Uberaba. It became a municipality in 1997.
Delta is located at an elevation of , southeast of Uberaba on highway BR-060. The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is . Neighboring municipalities are: Uberaba (N and W), Conquista (E), and Igarapava (S). The southern boundary is formed by the Rio Grande.
The main economic activities are services, industry and agriculture. Industry employed over 3,000 people. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$190 million, with 52 million Reais from services, 108 million Reais from industry, and 10 million Reais from agriculture. There were 94 rural producers on of land. The land is very fertile and agricultural production is high. 21 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 300 people were dependent on agriculture. The main crops were sugarcane ( planted in 2006) and soybeans ( planted in 2006), but oranges, cotton, rice, beans and corn were also grown. There were 3,700 head of cattle (2006). There were no banks (2007) and 1,660 automobiles, giving a ratio of four inhabitants per automobile.
There was one health clinic. Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Uberaba, which is connected by good roads. Educational needs were met by two primary schools, one middle school, and one pre-primary schools.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$210.00 was below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0.467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18822624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822624" title="Domenico Losurdo">
Domenico Losurdo

Domenico Losurdo (Sannicandro di Bari, 1941) is an Italian philosopher, historian, political theorist and Marxist intellectual.
Life.
Losurdo obtained his doctorate in 1963 from the University of Urbino. He is Dean of the Faculty of Education at the University of Urbino.
Thought.
Losurdo criticizes the concept of totalitarianism, especially in the works of Hannah Arendt. He argues that totalitarianism is a polysemic concept with origins in Christian theology, and that applying it to the political sphere requires an operation of abstract schematism which makes use of isolated elements of historical reality to place fascist regimes and the USSR in the dock together, serving the anti-communism of Cold War-era intellectuals rather than reflecting intellectual research.
Losurdo asserts that the origins of fascism and national socialism are to be found in what he views as "colonialist" and "imperialist" policies of the West. He examines the intellectual and political positions of intellectuals on modernity. In his view, Kant and Hegel were the greatest thinkers of modernity, while Nietzsche was its greatest critic, followed by Marxist thinkers such as Max Horkheimer, Ernst Bloch, Marx and Gramsci, who were at the same time critics and defenders of modernity.
External links.
Nazisme racisme colonialisme - Domenico Losurdo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2I5RAEjNjU

</doc>
<doc id="18822628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822628" title="California State Treasurer election, 1994">
California State Treasurer election, 1994

The 1994 California State Treasurer election occurred on November 8, 1994. The primary elections took place on March 8, 1994. The Republican nominee, Board of Equalization Chairman Matt Fong, narrowly defeated the Democratic nominee, Phil Angelides, for the office previously held by incumbent Kathleen Brown, who chose not to seek re-election in favor of running for Governor.
Primary results.
Final results from California Secretary of State.
General election results.
Final results from the Secretary of State of California.
Results by county.
Final results from the Secretary of State of California.

</doc>
<doc id="18822639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822639" title="Venkanna">
Venkanna

Venkanna refers to Lord Venkateswara.
Venkanna is one of the Indian personal names:

</doc>
<doc id="18822660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822660" title="Art of the Devil 3">
Art of the Devil 3

Art of the Devil 3 (Thai: ลองของ 2 or Long khong 2) is a 2008 Thai horror film directed by Kongkiat Khomsiri, Art Thamthrakul, Yosapong Polsap, Putipong Saisikaew, Isara Nadee, Pasith Buranajan and Seree Pongniti (known collectively as the "Ronin Team"). It was released by Five Star Production.
Plot.
A prequel to the 2005 film "Long khong" (Art of the Devil 2), "Art of the Devil 3" fills in the back story of Miss Panor, portrayed by Napakpapha Nakprasitte, who turns to black magic to exact revenge upon her tormentors.
The film opens with a magician, Dit, torturing his former master and demanding the '3rd Eye', which will make him a full disciple of the Three-Eyed God. The master warns that Dit cannot handle all the black magic he's absorbed. Dit stabs his former master in the forehead and tries to dig out the 3rd Eye, but the old man does not seem to have it. Dit kills him. Later, we see Dit in his hotel room, bathing in reeds and herbs, trying to heal a rotting wound on his stomach, caused by too much black magic devouring him from the inside out. As the film continues, this wound festers and grows larger.
In a hospital, Aajaan Panor is strapped to a bed in the psychiatric ward, as her nurse and doctor look on. The doctor prescribes a change in medication, claiming that it will not harm Miss Panor's unborn child. The nurse is a woman named Pen, who is Ta's aunt. She is also newly pregnant. Her husband, Aod, arrives at the hospital to pick her up, and together they drive to the train station to get Ta. 
Sepia-toned flashbacks show that Panor was tutoring both Pen and Ta. Ta's father, Prawase, falls in love with Panor; in order to marry her, he poisons his first wife, Duen. Ta's grandfather and great-grandmother enlist Dit's help to bring Duen back to life by transferring her soul into a new body. Using Ta's blood as a conduit, they encourage him chant the sutra, but he is too nervous, and the ritual fails.
Now, ten years later, Ta has returned home to spend some time with his family, and they hope that he will be able to complete the ceremony this time around. The family again hires Dit to help them.
Pen takes Panor from the hospital and brings her to the family barn, where Ta's grandfather has preserved Duen's corpse in salt. As the ritual begins, Pen straps Panor into stirrups and removes her foetus. As Panor struggles, Dit sees the 3rd Eye bulging from her forehead, and decides he must get it at all costs. Ta chants the sutra successfully, Panor's soul is torn from her body and trapped in a mirror, and Duen's soul settles into Panor's body. Dit ties a red string around Duen/Panor's wrist and says that it will help attach the old soul to this new body. 
Aod goes to bury the foetus and mirror at the base of a small shrine, but is spooked by some noises in the jungle and runs off, leaving everything behind. Meanwhile, the 3rd Eye is causing Duen/Panor to experience some creepy visions—mostly corpses of people slain in the name of black magic. While arguing with some of these invisible creatures, the red string falls off her wrist. 
Duen/Panor next goes to a secret hut in the jungle where she has tied up her husband, Prawase. She reveals that she is Duen in Panor's body, and accuses him of trying to abandon her. She tortures him by tearing out his toenails. When she leaves the hut, Prawase gets loose and shoots himself in the head.
Deep in the jungle, Duen's soul starts to come loose from Panor's body, and she fights with Dit to keep both pieces together. In their struggles, the mirror containing Panor's soul is broken, Duen's soul is evicted, and Panor's returns. Dit runs away. At this exact moment, Ta's great-grandmother starts screaming that the family is about to be destroyed by a ghost.
In the barn, Panor ties Ta's grandfather to a chair and lays out some black magic accoutrements. She pins his eyes open with safety pins, then rubs salt on them. Panor claims that she will make the grandfather watch the death of his whole family.
Using her black magic (and the extra power of the 3rd Eye), Panor causes Ta's great-grandmother to stab herself in the ear with a metal spike. In the ensuing panic, Aod hears Pen calling for him, and rushes outside to see a vision of her, bleeding. He follows the vision to the village windmill, where Panor's magic enchants a rope that becomes a noose and encircles his neck. Pen and Ta both arrive and try to save Aod, but they cannot fight the windmill, and Aod is strangled.
Back in the barn, Panor instructs the grandfather to call out to Ta and Pen, and proceeds to drip hot wax into his eyes. Pen and Ta come running, but Panor causes them to lose their way. She uses her magic to cause Pen's foetus to swell up and explode out of her body. Ta finds her body and is faced with a vision of Panor. He attempts to attack her with a stick, but it passes through her body.
Dit arrives, seemingly to save the day, and stabs Panor's spirit with a magic knife. He demands that she give him the 3rd Eye, but Panor is too powerful for him. She pushes Dit away and causes his ever-growing stomach wound to completely consume his chest.
Ta flees and finally reaches the barn, where his grandfather is sitting at a table with the corpses of his family gathered around him. Panor arrives and captures Ta, then burns off his skin with a blow torch, as seen in the previous film. One last flashback reveals that while Panor was a child, she visited a monk to create a spell that would make any man she encountered become attracted to her as she had been bullied by her classmates for her looks.
The film ends with the coda 'One Year Later', and shows Ta meeting his five school chums at the train station, thus beginning Art of the Devil 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18822696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822696" title="Glen Strathallan">
Glen Strathallan

Glen Strathallan was a British ship originally built as a trawler, but then converted into a private yacht, which also served in the Royal Navy in World War II. She was finally scuttled in 1970 at Plymouth Sound, England as a diver training site. 
Ship history.
The ship was built in 1928 by Cochrane & Sons of Selby, Yorkshire, as a steam fishing trawler and registered at Glasgow as F/V "Glen Strathallan" (GW.15). Unfortunately, the company that ordered her went bankrupt before she was completed, so she was bought by Robert Alfred Colby Cubbin, who spent £30,000 converting her into a yacht under the same name, registered at Douglas, Isle of Man.
On the outbreak of World War II in September 1939, "Glen Strathallan" was requisitioned by the Royal Navy. As the Armed Yacht HMS "Glen Strathallan" (FY–010) she served as an anti-submarine vessel until late 1945.
Returned to Colby Cubbin, she was used for cruises between the Isle of Man and Scotland until his death in 1955. Under the terms of his will she then served as the training ship T/S "Glen Strathallan" at King Edward VII Nautical College, training future officers of the Merchant Navy until 1970. 
The elderly ship had her main engine removed (it is now on display at the Science Museum in London) and she was scuttled about 200 yards from the Shagstone on 27 April 1970. Intended to be used as a diver training site, she was sunk in shallow water, but soon found to be obstructing the entrance to the port and was dispersed using explosives. The remains currently sit in of water south of the Plymouth breakwater at . The wreck is considerably broken up, but the boilers remain and are currently home to a number of conger eels.

</doc>
<doc id="18822747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822747" title="Ogemdi Nwagbuo">
Ogemdi Nwagbuo

Ogemdi Sharron Nwagbuo (born December 24, 1985) is an American football defensive tackle for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL).
Nwagbuo was signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Michigan State. He has also played for the San Diego Chargers.
His last name Nwagbuo is pronounced new-ah-bo. His parents moved to the U.S. from Nigeria before he was born. He is the half-brother of former San Francisco 49ers running back Xavier Omon.
Early years.
Nwagbuo played high school football at Mount Miguel High School in Spring Valley, California, where he played only one season of varsity football. He only appeared in three plays all season, all against West Hills High school.
College career.
As a senior he started 12 games at nose tackle after serving as part-time starter on the defensive line in 2006. He started 18 career games and had 31 tackles, 4.5 tackles for losses and one sack in 2007 As a junior he appeared in all 12 games in 2006, including starts in the first six games at defensive tackle and totaled 23 tackles (10 solos, 13 assists).
He was a Second-team All-Foothill Conference honors in 2005, at Southwestern College in Chula Vista, California and recorded 55 tackles as a sophomore, including 10 sacks. He sat out the entire 2004 season. As a true freshman in 2004 he started nine games (seven games at defensive end and two at defensive tackle) and registered 45 tackles in 2003, including five sacks and he scored his first collegiate touchdown vs. San Bernardino, recovering a fumble in the end zone.
Professional career.
Nwagbuo was signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2008.
Nwagbuo worked at Enterprise Rent-a-Car, but was later signed as a practice player by the San Diego Chargers. He later gained a spot on the team's active roster.
On December 9, 2009, Nwagbuo was placed on Injured Reserve due to an ankle injury.
Nwagbuo was released by the San Diego Chargers during roster cuts on September 3, 2011, but he was re-signed on September 12. He was waived again on November 1.
On December 6, 2011, Nwagbuo was signed by the Carolina Panthers.
He was signed by the Detroit Lions on December 19, 2012, when Nick Fairley was placed on IR.
On December 30, 2013, Nwagbuo was signed by the Cincinnati Bengals.

</doc>
<doc id="18822827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822827" title="California State Treasurer election, 1998">
California State Treasurer election, 1998

The 1998 California State Treasurer election occurred on November 3, 1998. The primary elections took place on June 3, 1998. The Democratic nominee, Phil Angelides, handily defeated the Republican nominee, State Assemblyman Curt Pringle, for the office previously held by incumbent Matt Fong, who chose not to seek re-election in favor of running for Senate.
Primary results.
Final results from Secretary of State of California.
General election results.
Final results from the Secretary of State of California.
Results by county.
Final results from the Secretary of State of California.

</doc>
<doc id="18822834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822834" title="Central Gippsland Institute of TAFE">
Central Gippsland Institute of TAFE

GippsTAFE (Central Gippsland Institute of TAFE), with 12,000 students enrolling each year, is one of Victoria’s largest regional TAFE Institutes. Campuses are located across Gippsland at Yallourn, Morwell, Leongatha and Warragul. There is also a Chadstone campus, currently undergoing an impressive rebuild, which provides training in telecommunications, electrical and gas.
GippsTAFE Academy.
In 2012, GippsTAFE opened its doors to the GippsTAFE Academy, located in the heart of Traralgon. The Academy introduces higher education programs for the first time, including graduate certificates and graduate diplomas. Pathway options to University will also be a focus for the Academy.
GippsTAFE also offers a range of other services including:
 • The GETT Centre, which provides training and employment opportunities for individuals who suffer from disability or illness.
 • The GippsTAFE Skills Gateway, which is a free assessment service that matches an individuals skills or experience to a qualification and provides credits towards the qualification.
 • Customised Training Solutions for organisations and businesses.
Gippsland Educational Precinct.
In 2004 Central Gippsland Institute of TAFE (GippsTAFE) signed a partnership agreement to develop the Gippsland Education Precinct (GEP) at Churchill together with Monash University, Gippsland Group Training, Kurnai Secondary College and Latrobe City, to provide wider vocational options and lift the region's high school retention rate. The $12million project funded by the Victorian Government will include a state-of-the-art technology centre, which will allow for advanced apprenticeship training in trades that rely heavily on information technology systems.

</doc>
<doc id="18822857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822857" title="CFUT-FM">
CFUT-FM

CFUT-FM, branded as Radio 911, is a Canadian community radio station broadcasting in Shawinigan, Quebec. Launched in 2005, the station broadcasts a French language community radio format at 91.1 FM. The station is owned by La Radio Campus Communautaire Francophone de Shawinigan, Inc. 
On January 6, 2011, the station applied to the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to change frequencies from 91.1 MHz to 88.1 MHz, in order to provide a more quality signal to its listeners. On October 21, 2011, this application was denied by the CRTC, following interventions by CFOU-FM 89.1 MHz in Trois-Rivières, citing potential interference issues; and CHHO-FM 103.1 MHz in Louiseville, citing competition issues. The broadcasting group opted to relocate instead from 91.1 MHz to 92.9 MHz, in addition to increasing its effective radiated power (ERP) from 199 to 3,700 watts (with maximum ERP from 250 to 3,700 watts with an increase of EHAAT from 9.2 to 123.7 metres); and relocating its transmitter site from Shawinigan to Mont-Carmel, but was once again denied by the CRTC on May 9, 2013, citing concerns with CHHO-FM, as well as the station requesting too large of an upgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="18822863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822863" title="Conquista, Minas Gerais">
Conquista, Minas Gerais

Conquista is a Brazilian municipality located in the west of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was estimated to be 6,580 people living in a total area of 616 km². The city belongs to the mesoregion of Triângulo Mineiro and Alto Paranaíba and to the micro-region of Uberaba. It became a municipality in 1912. 
Conquista is located at an elevation of 673 meters, 55 km. southeast of Uberaba. The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 469 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Uberaba (NW and W), Sacramento (NE), Refaina (S) and Igarapava (SE) The southern boundary is formed by the Rio Grande. 
The population was once much greater but decreased with the collapse of the coffee market in the early twentieth century and the later exodus of workers to build the new capital of Brasília in the 1960s. In 1920 Conquista had 20,170 inhabitants; in 1950 there were 11,627; in 1980 there were 7,300, and in 2000 there were 6,101, of which 4,037 lived in the urban area.
The main economic activities are services, industry and agriculture. Industry employed over 3,000 people, many of them in a sugar and alcohol factory. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$117 million, with 31 million reais from services, 30 million reais from industry, and 47 million reais from agriculture. There were 300 rural producers on 32,000 hectares of land. 300 workers were employed by the industrial sector. The land is very fertile and agricultural production is high. 125 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 900 persons were employed by agriculture. The main crops were sugarcane (10,000 hectares planted in 2006)) and soybeans (8,700 hectares planted in 2006), but oranges, cotton, rice, beans and corn were also grown. There were 28,000 head of cattle (2006). There were 2 banks (2007) and 1,071 automobiles, giving a ratio of 6 inhabitants per automobile. 
There were 6 health clinics and 1 hospital with 31 beds (2005). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Uberaba, which is connected by good roads. Educational needs were met by 4 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 5 pre-primary schools (2007). 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$268.00 was below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country--0,467--putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18822868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822868" title="Boussad Houche">
Boussad Houche

Boussad Houche (born April 5, 1978 in Revin, France) is a footballer of Algerian origin. He has played for IFK Mariehamn in the Veikkausliiga, having spent the 2008/2009 season playing as a defender for AC Oulu in the Finnish Ykkönen.
Career.
After bouncing around several amateur clubs including Olympique de Charleville-Mézières, "Revin" and "Rethel" in France, and "RES Couvin-Mariembourg" in Belgium, he joined Stade Reims in 2002. In his first season with the club, Houche played with the reserve side. In his second season he was a member of the first team who were playing in the Championnat National, making 8 appearances and helping the team gain promotion to Ligue 2. He went on to make another 21 appearances for the club in Ligue 2 before leaving in 2005.
In the summer of 2005, Houche signed with APEP Pitsilia in the Cypriot First Division. He spent just one season with the club before returning to Belgium to play with "RES Couvin-Mariembourg".

</doc>
<doc id="18822869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822869" title="Euro gold and silver commemorative coins (Slovakia)">
Euro gold and silver commemorative coins (Slovakia)

Euro gold and silver commemorative coins are special euro coins minted and issued by member states of the Eurozone, mainly in gold and silver, although other precious metals are also used on rare occasions. Slovakia is scheduled to introduced the euro (€) on 1 January 2009. The National Bank of Slovakia, together with the Kremnica Mint, will be issuing both normal issues of Slovak euro coins, which are intended for circulation, and commemorative euro coins in gold and silver.
These special coins have a legal tender only in Slovakia, unlike the normal issues of the Slovak euro coins, which have a legal tender in every country of the Eurozone. This means that the commemorative coins made of gold and silver cannot be used as money in other countries. Furthermore, as their bullion value generally vastly exceeds their face value, these coins are not intended to be used as means of payment at all—although it remains possible. For this reason, they are usually named Collectors' coins.
The coins usually commemorate the anniversaries of historical events or draw attention to current events of special importance. Slovakia has announced that two of these coins will be minted in 2009, both in silver, with face value of 10 and 20 euros.
Summary.
As of 9 October 2008, 2 variations of Slovak commemorative coins have been scheduled to be minted in 2009. These special high-value commemorative coins are not to be confused with €2 commemorative coins, which are coins designated for circulation and do have legal tender status in all countries of the Eurozone.
The following table shows the number of coins minted per year. In the first section, the coins are grouped by the metal used, while in the second section they are grouped by their face value.

</doc>
<doc id="18822872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822872" title="Utah Central Railroad (1869–81)">
Utah Central Railroad (1869–81)

The Utah Central Railroad was the first railroad in the U.S. state of Utah other than the main line of the First Transcontinental Railroad. Built by Mormons, it connected Salt Lake City to the transcontinental line at Ogden. It has since become part of the Union Pacific Railroad, which operates the line as the Salt Lake Subdivision; "FrontRunner" commuter rail tracks were added alongside the UP freight line in 2008.
History.
The company was incorporated in 1869, and completed the line in January 1870. The Union Pacific Railroad gained control in 1878, and in 1881 merged it with the Utah Southern Railroad and Utah Southern Railroad Extension to form the Utah Central Railway, a UP subsidiary that ran south from Ogden to Frisco. That company was subsequently merged with several others in 1889 to form the Oregon Short Line and Utah Northern Railway, which was reorganized as the Oregon Short Line Railroad in 1897. The OSL sold the lines south and west of Salt Lake City to the San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad in 1903, but kept the original Utah Central. The UP began direct operation of the line under lease in 1936, and in 1987 the OSL was merged into the UP.

</doc>
<doc id="18822890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822890" title="Brassy ringlet">
Brassy ringlet

The brassy ringlets are a "species group" of ringlet butterflies in the genus "Erebia". Though closely related, their monophyly is not completely resolved. Still, the brassy ringlets are taxa similar to "E. tyndarus" – the Swiss Brassy Ringlet –, and in many cases certainly close relatives. A notable trait of their genus is an ability to adapt well to cold and somewhat arid habitat, like taiga or regions with Alpine climate. Optimal habitat in Eurasia, where most of the brassy ringlets are found, therefore occurs in two distinct belts – in the very north of the continent and in the Alpide belt – in interglacials, and in glacials in one periglacialic belt at lower altitude, in places interrupted by dry wasteland and deserts.
Description.
Brassy ringlets are mid-sized members of their genus, with a length of 17–22 mm (roughly two-thirds to one inch). Like their relatives, they have black eyespots on their forewings. The largest eyespots are placed, two on each side, near the wingtip, and have a white dot in the center; they are surrounded by a copper-colored patch that is lighter than the blackish-brown upperwings. In some, a third black spot, much smaller and without the white dot, is present at the opposite end of the reddish patch. The hindwings have no black spots in many, but in some taxa there are a few (2-4 or so) black dots, usually without white in the center, paralleling the outer margin. If hindwing spots are present, they are sometimes surrounded by a lighter brown field like the forewing spots, sometimes not. The wing undersides are cryptically colored, usually in greyish-brown and often with a noticeable band arching through the central hindwing, the rest of which has a silvery sheen which makes these species quite recognizable in flight. The eyespots and the forewing patch surrounding them are found on the forewing undersides also; if a hindwind pattern is present, it may or may not show up on the under hindwings either whole or in parts. The common name derives from the brassy lustre of the dark wing uppersides. The valvae have a series of external spines pointing distally, with the first spine pair usually being largest.
Evolution.
While the details are still somewhat conjectural, a quite robust evolutionary scenario has been developed for the brassy ringlet group:
As it seems, the origin of this group is perhaps south of the Central Asian or more likely in the Balkans region. Probably around 1 million years ago during the Pre-Pastonian Stage, the original population expanded north. During an interstadial, the southern montane metapopulation and the one to the north which ranged across the Eurasian taiga split.
Two major southern populations were established some 800.000-700.000 years ago during the Pastonian Stage, when the habitat belt moved uphill, cutting off gene flow between major mountain ranges. Coincident with the Günz-Mindel interglacial, about 600.000-500.000 years ago some more distinct local populations diverged in the south.
Meanwhile, the northern population had been spreading across Europe to the Pyrenees and deep into Siberia. With the ice – which had then been covering much of northern and central Europe – retreating at the end of the Elsterian Stage between 400.000-300.000 years ago, the taiga population and their relatives in the mountains of Central and Western Europe became isolated for good. Finally, at the end of the Riss/Saale glaciation about 130.000 years ago, Alpine and Siberian populations fragmented further. The former stayed rather distinct while more subsequent gene flow occurred between the latter; this difference is probably an effect of habitat topography.
A peculiar case is the Colorado Alpine, the nominate subspecies of "Erebia callias". This isolated Rocky Mountains population has been lumped with the Siberian brassy ringlets as they are almost alike morphologically. Though one might suspect stronger differentiation and perhaps marked cryptic speciation across the wide range, the Rocky Mountains population is apparently a very recent isolate. Its ancestors apparently crossed over the Bering Strait at the end of the Wisconsinian glaciation, about 15.000-10.000 years ago. Thus, brassy ringlets are present on the North American continent quite exactly for the same length of time as a significant human population.
Systematics and taxonomy.
Occasionally, as few as three species of brassy ringlets are accepted, or these are treated as superspecies. "E. tyndarus" is used for populations from the Pyrenees and Alps, and "E. ottomana" for those of the Balkans and the Caucasus. However, in this case the Caucasus population would also seem to warrant recognition at the same taxonomic rank as the others, as "E. iranica". In addition, the related butterflies around Beringia have been united in the "E. callias" superspecies. Therefore, though "E. callias" might be split up on grounds of biogeography and ecology, the molecualr and morphological data are still more in favor of retaining a single species.
Based on analyses of mtDNA NADH dehydrogenase subunit 5 and CoxII sequence, ecological, and morphological data, the following species and well-distinct subspecies ought to be recognized:

</doc>
<doc id="18822894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822894" title="Jeffrey Steefel">
Jeffrey Steefel

Jeffrey Steefel is an American producer of video games and a former actor. He attended University of California, Davis where he earned a degree in drama. Since 2004, he has served as executive producer of "The Lord of the Rings Online" at Turbine, Inc.
Acting career.
As a young adult in the 1980s, Jeffrey Steefel left his native California for New York City to pursue an acting career. He performed and sang off-Broadway, most notably at the Lamb's Theatre in the role of Jesus in the 1989 revival of "Godspell", having shared the stage with young actors Trini Alvarado and Harold Perrineau, Jr. The production, directed by Don Scardino, caught the attention of The New York Times writer Sonia Taitz, who wrote a 2-page article about the director and the cast. In the article, cast members describe how Steefel was selected for the lead role by the director after the ensemble spent a week playing theater games. New York Times critic Stephen Holden gave the play and Steefel's performance a somewhat lukewarm review.
Prior to Godspell, Steefel had helped found the Project III Ensemble Theater where he served as production manager for the 1986 production of "Flood" by Günter Grass, and appeared onstage in Molière's "The Imaginary Invalid" and the world premiere of "Bliss" by Mikhail Bulgakov. After several years in New York, he headed back to the West Coast and became an ensemble member of the Colony Theater Company in Burbank, California. While at the Colony, he performed in the plays "Rags" and "Working". According to his 1995 biography at The Colony Theatre Company website, he also had appeared in soap operas on television.
Computer games career.
Jeffrey Steefel's early experience in game development include his time as Vice President of Production at 7th Level, an interactive entertainment company. There he helped develop and maintain the company's strategic partnerships with such companies as IBM and Disney, and oversaw the creation of many games, including "Tamagotchi", "Monty Python's Meaning of Life", "Ace Ventura Pet Detective" (for which his wife provided the voices of characters "Oosik" and "Vanilla Sundae"), "Fun on Imagination Island", and "Timon & Pumbaa's Jungle Games".
Steefel then moved to Sony Online Entertainment as the Vice President of Programming & Production, where he headed their digital studios in Los Angeles and New York and supervised a large production staff. He oversaw the launches of franchises such as "JEOPARDY! Online", "Wheel of Fortune Online", and "Trivial Pursuit Online", among others. At Sony, Steefel also developed strategic relationships with Columbia Tri-Star Television, MTV, RealNetworks, VH1, ESPN, Hasbro, and LucasArts.
After leaving Sony, Steefel moved to There, Inc. and served as Vice President of Programming and Member Services. While at There, Steefel helped create an online virtual 3D environment tailored for mainstream consumers. Jeffrey headed customer service, community development, programming teams, and managed Member Services and content programming for a large-scale public Beta community, and oversaw its transition to a multi-player pay service.
In early 2004, Jeffrey joined Turbine, Inc. as Executive Producer of "The Lord of the Rings Online", stating in an interview that he had long been a fan of the Tolkien classic and made the move to Turbine specifically to work on this project. Turbine's "The Lord of The Rings Online" launched in 2007 and proved to be wildly popular among gamers and fans of Tolkien's book, as Steefel and his team strove to keep the environment of the game as faithful to the author's original writings as possible.
Personal life.
Jeffrey Steefel is married and a father of twins. He and his wife, former actress Carissa Channing-Steefel, reside in Milton, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18822902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822902" title="Guangdong Fleet">
Guangdong Fleet

The Guangdong Fleet (Chinese: 廣東水師) was the smallest of China's four regional fleets during the second half of the nineteenth century. The fleet played virtually no part in the Sino-French War (August 1884–April 1885), but several of its ships saw action in the Sino-Japanese War (1894–5).
Leadership.
In the summer of 1882, when China began to challenge French expansion in Tonkin, the Guangdong Fleet was commanded by Wu Quanmei (吳全美).
Composition.
The composition of the Guangdong Fleet during the 1870s and early 1880s is difficult to establish. British sources record about fifteen small war vessels built and stationed at Canton between 1865 and 1885, and the fleet also contained at least seven vessels purchased from overseas. 
Seven steamers built in Britain or France were purchased in 1867 and 1868 by Jui Lin (瑞麟), the governor-general of the two Guangs, for use against pirates. Although the identity of these vessels is not entirely certain, they seem to have included the wooden steamships "Feilong" (飛龍), "Tianjin" (天津), "Zhenhai" (鎮海), "Anlan" (安瀾) and "Zhentao" (鎮濤), and the composite gunboats "Guangdong" (廣東) and "Shandong" (山東), completed at Dumbarton in 1868. "Feilong" was lost in a typhoon in 1874, and "Zhenhai" was condemned in the same year.
Several British gunboats of the "Dapper"/"Gleaner"/"Albacore" class, which had served in the Second Opium War, were sold off by the British in the late 1860s, and two of them seem to have been acquired by the Guangdong Fleet. One of them was probably "Suiqing" (綏靖, normally spelled "Sui-ching" or "Sui-tsing"), described as a former British gunboat. "Suiqing" was lost at sea in 1886.
Other vessels known to have served in Guangdong waters include the flatiron gunboat "Haichangqing" (海長清), completed at the Canton Dockyard in June 1877. Her machinery was taken from the steamer "Zhenhai", condemned in 1874. 
In 1881 the Guangdong fleet took delivery of "Zhenhai" (鎮海), a 440-ton steel Rendel gunboat built by Armstrong and Company along with six gunboats of similar design ordered by Li Hongzhang's Beiyang Fleet. She seems to have had the same name as the steamer "Zhenhai", condemned in 1874.
Five composite 150-ton gunboats were completed at the Canton Dockyard in 1881 for the Guangdong fleet: "Jing'an" (靖安), "Henghai" (橫海), "Xiangyun" (祥云), "Xuanwei" (宣威) and "Yangwu" (揚武). These vessels appear to have had a speed of around 6 knots. "Jing'an" was armed with 12 Armstrong cannon and two Gatling guns. The armament of the other four gunboats is not certain.[http://www.beiyang.org/bybq/jingan.htm]
In the wake of the seizure of the citadel of Hanoi in April 1882 by Henri Rivière, the Qing government decided to send a message to France that China viewed French colonial expansion in Tonkin with concern. In May 1882 the Guangdong Fleet was ordered to patrol the seas around Hainan Island and the Gulf of Tonkin in order to 'show the flag'. In a letter concerning this deployment to the Zongli Yamen, the Guangdong authorities mentioned that the only reasonably large ships in the Guangdong Fleet at that period were "Haijing" (海鏡), "Qinghai" (清海) and "Dongyong" (東雍). 
Two ships of the Fujian Fleet, "Feiyun" and "Ji'an", were seconded to the Guangdong Fleet at about this time. They remained in service with the Guangdong Fleet until August 1884. In response to the appeals for help of the Fujian military commissioner Zhang Peilun, they were sent back to Fuzhou on the eve of the Sino-French War, where they were destroyed along with seven other ships of the Fujian Fleet in the Battle of Fuzhou (23 August 1884).
The Sino-French War.
Given Guangdong's proximity to Tonkin (northern Vietnam), where the main clashes in the Sino-French War took place, the Guangdong Fleet might have been expected to play a prominent part in the war. In fact it remained in harbour throughout the nine-month war. In March 1885 French warships imposed a blockade of the Cantonese port of Pak-hoi. No attempt was made by the Guangdong Fleet to break this blockade.
Acquisitions, 1885–94.
The Guangdong Fleet grew significantly during the second half of the 1880s, acquiring a force of gunboats and other ships. Some of these ships were built in China, either at the Canton Dockyard or the Foochow Navy Yard, while others were purchased from Germany. The locally-built warships normally contained the character "guang" (廣, for Guangdong) in their names. 
The first additions to the fleet were the gunboats "Guangheng", "Guangli", "Guangyuan" and "Guangzhen". These shallow draft gunboats, built at the Whampoa dockyard, were designed to guard the approaches to Canton. 
Two 64-ton first class steam torpedo boats, "Leihu" (雷虎) and "Leilong" (雷龍), were completed for the Guangdong Fleet at the Vulcan works at Stettin in 1884, but their delivery to China was delayed for a year because of the outbreak of the Sino-French War. They arrived in Canton in late 1885.
Nine 26-ton second class torpedo boats were completed for the Guangdong Fleet at the Schichau works in Germany in 1885 and arrived in China in 1886. Like their larger predecessors built at the Vulcan works in Stettin, they all contained the character "lei" (雷, thunder) in their names: "Leidui" (雷兑), "Leiqian" (雷乾), "Leikan" (雷坎), "Leikun" (雷坤), "Leili" (雷離), "Leigen" (雷艮), "Leixun" (雷巽), "Leizhen" (雷震) and "Leizhong" (雷中).
One composite cruiser and three steel torpedo boats were built at the Foochow Navy Yard for the Guangdong Fleet between 1887 and 1892, named respectively "Guangjia", "Guangyi", "Guangbing" and "Guangding" ('Guangdong A, B, C and D'). 
The Foochow Navy Yard also supplied the Guangdong Fleet with four shallow-draught wooden gunboats at about the same period: "Guanggeng", "Guangxing", "Guangzhen" and "Guangkui". Their tonnage is variously given as 320 tons or 560 tons.
"Table 1: Acquisitions by the Guangdong Fleet, 1885–94"

</doc>
<doc id="18822912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822912" title="The Kovak Box">
The Kovak Box

The Kovak Box is a 2006 Spanish-British thriller film directed by Daniel Monzón and starring Timothy Hutton, Lucía Jiménez, Annette Badland and David Kelly. It is set on the island of Mallorca.
Synopsis.
David Norton (Hutton) is used to being in control. As a best-selling science fiction author, he decides the fate of his characters; his heroes, his villains, their lives and deaths. 
He is invited to an idyllic Mediterranean island for a conference. His fiancee receives a strange call and jumps to her death from their hotel balcony. Soon after that, David discovers he has been lured into a trap.
As he begins piecing answers together, people start inexplicably committing suicide all around him. Now David has become the reluctant hero of his own living story, and this time he has no idea how it will end.

</doc>
<doc id="18822923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822923" title="Utah Central Railway">
Utah Central Railway

Utah Central Railway or Utah Central Railroad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18822942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822942" title="Slogans (film)">
Slogans (film)

Slogans (Parullat) is a 2001 Albanian film directed by Gjergj Xhuvani. It was the first Albanian film to be selected to screen on the Director's Fortnight at Cannes Filmfestival 2001 and has gone on to win many other festival awards. It was further Albania's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
The film presents the ideological brainwashing that characterized the life of Albanians during the times of the communist Enver Hoxha regime. The protagonist is Andrea (Artur Gorishti; Andrea is a male name in Albania), a young and liberal-minded school teacher, who is sent from Tirana to work in a small village school. As a teacher he needs to participate in constructions of socialist and patriotic slogans on the slopes of a hill in the village. He does not take this task very seriously and for this he is continuously scorned by the village's Communist party officials.

</doc>
<doc id="18822945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822945" title="Caroline Pratt">
Caroline Pratt

Caroline Pratt (23 June 1962 – 4 September 2004) was a well-known rider in the equestrian discipline of three-day eventing. 
Pratt was born in Lound, Nottinghamshire. She was one of the 14 elite performance riders in the British squad, but was killed in a rotational fall whilst competing at the Burghley Horse Trials near Peterborough, Cambridgeshire, on 4 September 2004, riding her second horse in the competition that day Primitive Streak.
Competitive success.
Pratt was placed 7th at the four star Burghley event in 2003 on Primitive Control, and had be long listed for both the Sydney and Athens Olympic squads, although was eventually not selected for either.
Horses after death.
On the day of her death, Pratt had already completed the course on first horse Call Again Cavalier, who has gone on to be the Olympic mount of fellow eventer Mary King.
Memorial trust.
Following her death, her family set up a memorial trust granting bursaries to aspiring young eventers.

</doc>
<doc id="18822951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822951" title="Vivian Shun-wen Wu">
Vivian Shun-wen Wu

Vivian Shun-wen Wu (Chinese name: 吳舜文; December 5, 1913 – August 9, 2008), born in Changzhou of the Jiangsu Province of China, was a prominent Taiwanese businesswoman. She was the former chairwoman of Yulon Motor, a Taiwan-based automaker which is currently known for building automobiles under the brand of Nissan. And Wu also once acted as the chairwoman of Tai Yuen Textile, a textile producer, and China Motor, another automaker that under the brand of Mitsubishi Motors. 
Wu's father Wu Ching-yuen was a businessman of textile industry. She graduated from the Saint John's University, Shanghai, and received her master's degree at the Columbia University. Her husband Yen Ching-ling, who moved to Taiwan with Wu in 1948, was the founder of Yulon. Their only son is Kenneth Yen, the current CEO of Yulon Group, that owns Yulon Motors and Tai Yuen Textile, China motors and other subsidiaries. Wu died in Taipei on August 9, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18822967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822967" title="Symphony of Silence">
Symphony of Silence

Symphony of Silence is a 2001 Armenian film directed by Vigen Chaldranian. It was Armenia's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18822973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822973" title="Ysgol Uwchradd Caergybi">
Ysgol Uwchradd Caergybi

'"Ysgol Uwchradd Caergybi'" was the first comprehensive school in England and Wales, opening in 1949 as Holyhead County School.
History.
The school was formed in 1949 with the amalgamation of Holyhead Grammar and St Cybi Secondary school. Ysgol Syr Thomas Jones, Amlwch is said to claim the title of the first purpose built comprehensive. Ysgol Gyfun Llangefni is recorded as Britain's first comprehensive.
There was a number of reasons for the school to be the first "comp". The headmaster Mr Hughes was retiring and he was to be replaced by an enthusiast for Comprehensive education, Trefor Lovett. The new head became known as ""the first apostle of the
comprehensive movement"". The transition was also assisted by the close proximity of St Cybi Secondary school and Holyhead Grammar; the schools that would be replaced. Obviously the backing of Anglesey Education Committee was essential.
The changes that Mr Lovett brought about were not unexpected as he has previous taught locally at Vaynor and Penderyn schools. The new school was certain that a child's future should not be determined at age eleven with the eleven plus exam. Previously children in Britain had all sat an exam at the end of their Junior school education and this decided whether you would attend the Grammar School or a Secondary Modern School. Mr Lovett was convinced that this was unfair and that there should be a firm Catchment area so that all the students irrespective of their background or abilities would attend the one school.
After two years, the new head reported, 
The school today.
In 2006 there were approximately 850 pupils in the school which included about 100 in the sixth form. The school had falling rolls in the years before and is much reduced since there were questions in the early 1960s in the House of Commons to then Education Minister Chris Chataway enquiring how the school was to cope with a roll of 1400 pupils. In 2010 the school has exceeded the Local Authority's projected figures.
Twelve per cent of the students are able to speak Welsh fluently and four per cent have Welsh as their first language. The catchment area of the school is mainly the town of Holyhead and the area around the school has been highlighted as an area for development with nearly 30% of households having no wage earner. Estyn visited the school in 2008 and commended the school with regards to teaching and pupil behaviour.
Five years ago the school moved its sixth form out of the old red brick Cybi building and put that in the control of the local authority. Since then the building has become dilapidated and the education authority announced in 2008 it intended to demolish the building. The building is still standing today (2012. As a result of the intervention of local county councillor, Robert Llewelyn Jones, CADW has given the facade a Grade 2 listing. This listing has prevented the local authority from continuing with its demolition plans and the site is now earmarked for a new super-primary school (subject to funding being available)
At present virtually all pupils in the Ysgol Uwchradd Caergybi catchment area choose the school for their secondary education. The school's pupil numbers continues to rise and recent significant funding towards a new canteen/refrectory and technology block has succeeded in improving the school's facilities dramatically.
Mr Martin Wise is currently the head teacher (succeeding Mrs. Margaret Chantrell) in Holyhead High School and he is ably supported by a team of dedicated staff. The 2012 GCSE results were the best ever, with a dramatic increase in A* and A grades. The A Level results were also amongst the school's best ever.

</doc>
<doc id="18822979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822979" title="Björn Ottenheim">
Björn Ottenheim

Björn Ottenheim is drummer, singer and co-founder of the Dutch music band zZz.
He lives in Badhoevedorp, near Amsterdam.
Before the formation of zZz in 2001 he was also the drummer of Dutch punk band Hernia.

</doc>
<doc id="18822982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822982" title="List of 2004 Summer Olympics medal winners">
List of 2004 Summer Olympics medal winners

This is a list of medalists at the 2004 Summer Olympics, which were held in Athens, Greece.
__NOTOC__
Leading medal winners.
27 competitors won at least three medals.

</doc>
<doc id="18822983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822983" title="La Spagnola">
La Spagnola

La Spagnola is a 2001 Australian film directed by Steve Jacobs. It was Australia's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Box Office.
"La Spagnola" grossed $477,197 at the box office in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18822995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822995" title="Eshan Nayeck">
Eshan Nayeck

Eshan "Alexandré" Nayeck (died 10 October 1987) was a convicted Mauritian murderer and the last person to be executed in Mauritius.
On 23 July 1983, 37-year-old Abdool Rashid Atchia was stabbed and killed in the central marketplace of Port Louis. The assailant fled in the ensuing confusion. In 1987, Nayeck was arrested and tried for the murder of Atchia. In July 1987, the assize court convicted him and sentenced him to death. 
Nayeck appealed to the government for clemency, but it was refused and Prime Minister Anerood Jugnauth signed the execution warrant. Nayeck was executed by hanging at Beau Bassin Prison on 10 October 1987. One hour after his execution, doctors stated that Nayeck had died of strangulation. He was the second person executed by Mauritius since its 1968 independence.
The death penalty was abolished in Mauritius in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18822999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18822999" title="Davetsiz Misafir">
Davetsiz Misafir

Davetsiz Misafir ("The Uninvited Guest") is Turkey's unique magazine of science-fiction, politics and criticism. 
It was founded in 2002 and published as a non-profit publication by students from social and political science departments of Bogazici University. "Davetsiz Misafir" is now Turkey's best known science-fiction, politics and criticism magazine with its writers composed of students, men of letters, scientists, academics, feminists, anarchists, activists and even prisoners from all over the country. It includes articles concerning politics, post-structuralism, anarchism, feminism, anti-militarism, independent cinema, and arts. Between 2002 and 2005 the magazine was published seasonally and distributed nationwide. The first Turkish translation of Donna Haraway's "A Cyborg Manifesto" appeared in the 9th issue of "Davetsiz Misafir" magazine. Striking interviews with famous writers, thinkers and activists such as Noam Chomsky, Jean Baudrillard, the Unabomber, Arthur Kroker, J. G. Ballard, Peter Sloterdijk were published during this period. 
After the publication of the 10th issue of the magazine, in 2006 "Davetsiz Misafir" was converted into an online magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18823002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823002" title="Fate as a Rat">
Fate as a Rat

Fate as a Rat () is a 2001 Bulgarian film directed by Ivan Pavlov. It was Bulgaria's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but eventually was not nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="18823021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823021" title="A Cab for Three">
A Cab for Three

A Cab for Three () is a 2001 Chilean film directed by Orlando Lubbert. It was Chile's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18823024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823024" title="Satoshi Kawata">
Satoshi Kawata

Biography.
Career.
Kawata studied under Tatsuro Suzuki and received his Bachelor's degree in 1974, his Masters degree in 1976 and his doctorate from Osaka University in 1979.
After his experience as a Japan Society for the Promotion of Science post-doctoral fellow at Osaka University and as a Research associate at the University of California, Irvine, he joined the Department of Applied Physics at Osaka University as a faculty member and studied under Shigeo MInami. In 1993, he was promoted to full professor, and served as the Director of Frontier Research Center, from 2001 to 2003, and is currently the Director of the Photonics Advanced Research Center. Since 2002, Kawata is jointly at RIKEN as a Chief Scientist of the Nanophotonics Laboratory.
Kawata is known for his work in nanophotonics (study of the interaction between photons and nanostructures) next to Motoichi Ohtsu in University of Tokyo. He has contributed to the community via a number of inventions, publications, and conference organizations in fields including near-infrared spectroscopy, laser-scanning microscopy, near-field optics, plasmonics, biophotonics, laser nanofabrication and signal recovery.
Kawata has served as the President of the Spectroscopical Society of Japan from 2004 to 2007, an Editor for Optics Communications from 2000 till present, a Program Officer of the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science and a joint professor at the Department of Physics at Gakushuin University. He is a fellow of the Optical Society of America (OSA), Institute of Physics (IOP), the International Society for Optical Engineering (SPIE) and the Japan Society of Applied Physics (JSAP).
In 2008, Kawata created his own page in the free encyclopedia "Wikipedia".
Awards.
Kawata received one of the Medals of Honour (Japan) with purple ribbon, which is awarded by the Emperor of Japan in 2007, the Minister’s Award for Science and Technology by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology Japan in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18823028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823028" title="California Attorney General election, 1998">
California Attorney General election, 1998

The 1998 California Attorney General election occurred on November 3, 1998. The primary elections took place on June 3, 1998. The Democratic nominee, Bill Lockyer, defeated the Republican nominee, Dave Stirling, for the office previously held by incumbent Dan Lungren, who chose not to seek re-election in favor of running for governor.
Primary results.
Final results from the Secretary of State of California.
General election results.
Final results from the Secretary of State of California.
Results by county.
Results from the Secretary of State of California:

</doc>
<doc id="18823032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823032" title="Wilfried Bony">
Wilfried Bony

Wilfried Guemiand Bony (born 10 December 1988) is an Ivorian football striker who currently plays for Swansea City in the Premier League.
Early life.
Bony was born in Bingerville and was raised first in the city of Tebrau Plateau, and then in Abobo PK18. He played street football from a young age, in the Brazilian style of "Maracana". He also participated in many interschool and city cups, before spending three years at the Cyrille Domoraud Academy located in his birthplace of Bingerville.
Career.
Issia Wazi.
Bony started his professional career at Issia Wazi in the Côte d'Ivoire Premier Division.
Sparta Prague B.
Bony went on trial at English club Liverpool in 2007 but was not offered a contract, and in October 2007, Bony joined Czech club Sparta Prague on a loan deal where he immediately started playing for the reserve team. Bony won the Bohemian Football League championship with Sparta Prague B.
Vitesse Arnhem.
On 30 January 2011, Bony signed a three-and-a-half year contract with Dutch club Vitesse Arnhem before scoring on his debut. In his first full season with the Dutch club, he netted on twelve occasions in the Eredivisie, earning the top goalscoring honors for the club and was tied for tenth highest scorer in the league. In February 2012, Bony signed a contract extension, keeping him until 2015, ending transfer speculation.
Bony made his first appearance of the 2012–13 Eredivisie campaign for Vitesse on 12 August 2012 in a 2–2 draw with ADO Den Haag at the GelreDome, equalizing for the hosts less than a minute after Tjaronn Chery had put ADO in front. Bony scored a 90th minute winner over Rotterdam club Feyenoord on 2 September, to earn the club its third win from the first four league games. On 6 October 2012, Bony scored a hat-trick as Vitesse came back from a goal down three times to draw 3–3 with Heerenveen.
In Vitesse's 0–2 upset of Ajax on 4 November, Bony scored both goals, helping Vitesse to six away wins in a row and the club's first win at the Amsterdam Arena since 2001. Bony added two more goals to his account in Vitesse's 4–1 defeat of NEC Nijmegen on 18 November, earning Vitesse just their second home win of the season as NEC had three men sent off. On 25 November Vitesse travelled to Eindhoven to face league leaders PSV; Bony scored a late winner to put Vitesse on 31 points, level with second place FC Twente.
On 9 February 2013, Bony returned from his participation in the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations to face PSV and once again scored twice, securing a 2–2 draw. On 23 February, Bony scored a hat-trick to send Vitesse to a 5–3 victory over Heracles Almelo. This meant that he had scored 15 goals in 10 consecutive Eredivisie matches.
Swansea City.
On 11 July 2013, Bony signed a four-year contract with Welsh side Swansea City, who paid a club-record fee of £12 million. Bony made his Swansea City debut in a pre-season friendly match against ADO Den Haag, which Swansea won 1–0. Bony's work permit was delayed briefly, but was granted three days later. Bony was given the number 10 shirt and will feature the name Wilfried on the back.
Bony made his competitive debut for Swansea in the club's Europa League third qualifying round tie against Malmö FF, scoring two second-half goals in a 4–0 first leg victory on 1 August.
BBC listed Bony as Premier League signings to watch for 2013–14 season. In the opening game of the 2013–14 season, Bony scored his first goal for the club, in a 4–1 loss against Manchester United, under new manager David Moyes. Shortly after, Bony scored again, in the first leg of the Qualification round against Romanian side Petrolul Ploiești in a 5–1 win. After adding more goals in other competitions, Bony scored his second league goal, ending his six game drought, in a 4–1 win over Sunderland. On 10 November 2013, Bony scored a brace, as Swansea City drew 3–3 with Stoke City. A few weeks later, Bony suffered a hamstring injury, which he sustained in a match against Valencia in the Europa League and will be out of four weeks. He would make his return on 15 December 2013, in a 1–1 draw against Norwich City. On 1 January 2014, Bony scored twice in a 3–2 loss against Manchester City; both goals was dedicated to his friend, who died of cancer. In the third round of the FA Cup against Manchester United, Bony scored a 90th minutes header to send Swansea through to the next round. The win also proved to be Swansea's first win at Old Trafford in club history.
International career.
In late 2010, Bony was called up by Côte d'Ivoire and made his debut in a 1–0 away victory against Burundi, where he came on as a substitute in the 80th minutes for Gervinho.
On 30 January 2012, Bony scored the second goal in the Ivory Coast's 2–0 win over Angola in the third game of the group stages of the African Cup of Nations.
Name.
His father's name is Amedee Shemiz Bony.

</doc>
<doc id="18823033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823033" title="Queen of the Night (2001 film)">
Queen of the Night (2001 film)

Queen of the Night () is a 2001 Croatian film directed by Branko Schmidt. It was Croatia's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18823039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823039" title="Stjepan Musulin">
Stjepan Musulin

Stjepan Musulin (Sremska Mitrovica, 1885–1969) was a Croatian linguist, comparative Slavicist, philologist, lexicographer and translator.
Life.
Musulin translated from the Polish and Czech languages. He is recognized as one of the greatest contributors to the development of Czech studies in Croatia.
He studied at Kraków, Prague and Zagreb.
He was the first lecturer on Czech language in the Philosophical Faculty at the University of Zagreb.
In 1950 he became a corresponding, and in 1953 a full, member of the Yugoslav Academy of Sciences and Arts from Zagreb (today Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts).
Works.
Stjepan Musulin was the editor of several Academy's editions, such as:
He was the author of school textbooks, like:
As a translator, he's known by his translations of works of Polish authors (Bolesław Prus, Stefan Żeromski) and Czech authors (Thomas Masaryk).
Trivia.
While he worked in gymnasium, he was the classmaster to famous Croatian poet Dobriša Cesarić.

</doc>
<doc id="18823062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823062" title="GeoSmart">
GeoSmart

GeoSmart (NZ) Ltd is a provider of location based services, digital mapping data and images for the Oceania area, notably New Zealand. The company is one of only a handful of global companies producing digital maps for use in GPS applications. 
Companies such as TomTom and Navman, use mapping data from GeoSmart on their popular handheld GPS devices, as do motor manufacturers such as BMW. The company also provides mapping data via web services, with applications such as a website that allows users to send custom invitations that include mapping directions for guests as well as providing the mapping interface on New Zealand Automobile Association website.
In 2008, GeoSmart launched the RAPIDcV mapping car, which is an ongoing program to redrive all of New Zealand. This is to enhance the car navigation database used by brands including Navman, TomTom, Nav N Go, Siemens VDO and Horizon. The RAPIDcV (Road attributes, points of interest, imagery data capture vehicle) uses technology to capture the road centreline of all of New Zealand's roads to an accuracy of 0.15 metres. It does this with a number of technologies including inertial measurement unit (IMU) that uses gyroscopes and accelerometers. This technology compensates for situations where the traditional differential GPS accuracy is lost when the satellite signal is poor, such as behind volcanic hill shadows, dense forest canopies and high rise urban areas. It has a number of cameras on board capturing lane information, street signs, turn restrictions and points of interest to enhance and keep up to date GeoSmart's car navigation and web mapping products. It is also taking a 360 degree panoramic image every 50 metres. In order to support truck navigation as well as multi mode navigation it is collecting information on the incline and camber of each corner, a feature which is used for truck safety warnings in fleet management systems.

</doc>
<doc id="18823064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823064" title="The Heart of the Bear">
The Heart of the Bear

The Heart of the Bear () is a 2001 Estonian drama film directed by Arvo Iho. It was Estonia's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee. It was also entered into the 24th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18823065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823065" title="Lovely Day (song)">
Lovely Day (song)

"Lovely Day" is a song by American soul and R&B singer Bill Withers. Published in 1977 (see 1977 in music), the song was written by Withers and Skip Scarborough and appears on Withers' 1978 album "Menagerie".
Released as a single in late 1977, "Lovely Day" peaked at #6 on the "Billboard" R&B chart and at #30 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the US in early 1978. It also made the Top 10 in the United Kingdom, where the song reached #7 on the British single chart.
Withers' version of "Lovely Day" has been re-released as a single in the United Kingdom at least twice since the song's first chart run; in 1987 the original version charted again at #92, while a version done by Ben Liebrand, named the "Sunshine Mix", made the British Top 10 in 1988, rising to #4. This remix resulted in renewed enthusiasm for the Withers original, which incurred a surge in airplay into the early 1990s and came to firmly overshadow the radio presence of Liebrand's version. Public interest was again piqued in 1995, when "Lovely Day" was used in adverts for Tetley tea.
Producer Clarence McDonald also arranged the original 1977 version of the song and played keyboards. Guitars were played by Ray Parker, Jr., Jerry Knight played bass, and Russell Kunkel played drums.
Towards the end of the song, Withers holds a note for 18 seconds. This is believed to be the second-longest note in UK chart history; Morten Harket of A-ha's 20-second note in "Summer Moved On" is the longest. Withers' note is sustained in chest voice, whereas Harket utilizes the falsetto range. The former remains the longest in any Top 40 hit in the United States.
Covers and samples.
"Lovely Day" has been covered and sampled numerous times since Withers' original recording. These alternate versions of the song span many different musical genres, including R&B, pop, jazz, gospel, dance, and rap.
One of the more notable versions of this song was performed by The S.O.U.L. S.Y.S.T.E.M. featuring Michelle Visage and was included on the to the 1992 film "The Bodyguard". This mostly rap version was titled "It's Gonna Be a Lovely Day", and it reached #34 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and #44 on the "Billboard" R&B chart, in addition to spending three weeks atop the US "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart in December 1992 and January 1993. This version also reached #16 on the UK Singles Chart.
Other uses of the song include:

</doc>
<doc id="18823070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823070" title="List of Pennsylvania State University Olympians">
List of Pennsylvania State University Olympians

The List of Pennsylvania State University Olympians is a list of former or current Penn State student-athletes (93) or coaches (10) that have made an appearance as athletes or medaled at the Olympic Games. The University had its most representatives participating in the 2012 London Olympic Games with 19 participants and the most medals since the 1924 Olympic Games with 5 medals.
Appearances and Medal-Winners By Sport.
† an athlete is considered to have appeared once in each sport entered each time the Games of an Olympiad or Winter Games were held, including appearances as alternates 
♦ number of times that a person received an Olympic medal or honor for finishing among the top three in an event
‡ both on the 2012 bronze medal-winning Canada women's team
§ all on the 1984 bronze medal-winning USA women's team
Olympians.
1952.
1952 Winter Olympic Games
1956.
1956 Winter Olympic Games
1980.
Jana Angelakis, Gregory Fredericks, Charlene Morett, Christine Larson-Mason, Knut Hjeltnes (Norway) and Romel Raffin (Canada) were all named to their respective Olympic teams but did not participate due to the 1980 Summer Olympics boycott.

</doc>
<doc id="18823098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823098" title="The River (2001 film)">
The River (2001 film)

The River () is a 2001 Finnish film directed by Jarmo Lampela. It was Finland's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18823101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823101" title="Colonel Blood (film)">
Colonel Blood (film)

Colonel Blood (1934) was a British film written and directed by W.P. Lipscomb. It was a dramatised account of Thomas Blood, a 17th-century adventurer in England.
Plot.
The plot is based on a dramatised account of the exploits of the historical renegade, Thomas Blood, in the 17th century and his attempted theft of the British Crown jewels.
Production.
The film was shot on location at Shepperton Studios in England. It was shot on 35mm black and white film in an aspect ratio of 1.37:1. It was produced by Norman Loudon for Sound City Film, Shepperton Studio's in-house sound production company.

</doc>
<doc id="18823122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823122" title="California Attorney General election, 1994">
California Attorney General election, 1994

The 1994 California Attorney General election occurred on November 8, 1994. The primary elections took place on March 8, 1994. The Republican incumbent, Dan Lungren, easily defeated the Democratic nominee, Assemblyman Tom Umberg. Every candidate in this race was unopposed in the primary.
Election results.
Final results from the Secretary of State of California.
Results by county.
Results from the Secretary of State of California:

</doc>
<doc id="18823137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823137" title="Tum, Łódź Voivodeship">
Tum, Łódź Voivodeship

Tum is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łęczyca and north-west of the regional capital Łódź. The village has an approximate population of 600.
Tum is the site of a 12th-century Romanesque Collegiate church.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18823138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823138" title="Vitus Miletus">
Vitus Miletus

Vitus Miletus (surname originally Möller) (born at Gmünd, Swabia, 1549; died at Mainz, 11 September 1615) was a German Roman Catholic theologian.
Life.
He studied at the German College, Rome, from 1567 to 1575; on 28 October 1573, as dean of the students he gave a short address before Pope Gregory XIII, when he visited the newly organized academy. He was ordained in St. John Lateran on Easter Saturday, 1575, and returned to Germany in the summer of that year; on his way home he was made doctor of theology at Bologna (11 June 1575).
He was summoned to Mainz by the Elector Daniel Brendel von Homburg, where he was active in the reform of the clergy. From there he was sent by the elector to Erfurt, to assist the suffragan bishop Nicolaus Elgard in his efforts for the restoration of Catholicism. His sermons on the doctrine of the Eucharist, preached at Erfurt in Lent, 1579, involved him in sharp controversy with the Protestant preachers.
He was sent to Rome in 1582 to bring the "pallium" for the new archbishop, Wolfgang von Dalberg. The latter brought him back again to Mainz, and employed him on his affairs, notably on the visitation of monasteries. Also in 1601 and 1604 he brought from Rome the confirmation and the "pallium" for the succeeding archbishops, Adam von Bicken, and Schweikard von Cronberg.
He wrote and preached, defending the Catholic faith, until his death. He was provost of St. Moritz, dean of the Liebfrauenstift, canon of St. Victor's and St. Peter's, all in Mainz; and canon of St. Severus' at Erfurt. After 1575 he also had a canonry in the cathedral chapter at Breslau. He did not visit Breslau until 1599, and then only for a short time, while taking part in the election of a bishop; he then went to Rome to bring the confirmation of the elected bishop.
Works.
His polemical and apologetic writings are:

</doc>
<doc id="18823152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823152" title="Flag of the Hispanic People">
Flag of the Hispanic People

The Flag of the Hispanic People or Hispanic flag (Spanish: "Bandera de la Hispanidad" or "Bandera de la Raza Hispánica"), is a flag sometimes used to represent the Hispanic people or Hispanic community.
Symbolism.
The Hispanic flag is a white flag with three purple crosses and a rising sun. 
History.
The flag was designed by Ángel Camblor, a captain of the Uruguayan Army. He was the winner of a contest organized by Juana de Ibarbourou in 1932. The flag was first raised on Independence Square of Montevideo on October 12, 1932.
Alternative use as the Flag of the Americas.
The flag is also sometimes occasionally alternately used to represent the entire geographical area of The Americas and not just as an ethnic flag of the Hispanic American people. The flag was officially adopted as the "Flag of the Americas"—in this usage representing besides Hispanic Americans also Anglo Americans, Franco Americans (the Québécois, Haitians, Guadeloupians, Martininqians, and French Guianians), Portuguese and Brazilian Lusitanic Americans, Dutch Americans (the inhabitants of the Dutch Antilles and Surinam), and Greenlanders—by all member countries of the Pan-American Conference at their Seventh Assembly in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="18823157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823157" title="The Migration of the Angel">
The Migration of the Angel

The Migration of the Angel (Georgian: "Angelozis gadaprena" ანგელოზის გადაფრენა) is a 2001 Georgian film directed by Nodar Managadze. It was Georgia's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18823158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823158" title="Grigori Gorin">
Grigori Gorin

Grigoriy Gorin (), real name Grigoriy Israilevich Ofshtein (; March 12, 1940, Moscow — June 15, 2000, Moscow) was a Soviet/Russian playwright and writer of Jewish descent.
Gorin is particularly credited with scripts for several plays and films, which are regarded as important element of cultural reaction to the Era of Stagnation and perestroyka in Soviet history.
Biography.
Gorin was born in Moscow to a Jewish family of Soviet Army officer father and doctor mother. After graduation from the Sechenov 1st Moscow Medical Institute in 1963, Gorin worked as a ambulance doctor for some time (his mother spent her medical career on similar position).
He was involved in amateur playwriting from his student years. First, with the sketches for the students' local KVN network club. Gorin started publishing his satirical articles and sketches since 1960th, finally choosing writing as the professional career. He worked as a Chief of Humor Department in "Yunost" magazine, using "Galka Galkina" pseudonym.
In 1966, first book was published - "Four under one cover" (co-authored).
In 1978 — 1990 Gorin was a regular participant in the "Vokrug Smekha" ("Around Laughter"), the popular TV program.
Cultural impact.
Many of Gorin's aphorisms became popular among the Soviet people, e. g. "piano in the bushes", which means painstaking preparations for a would-be impromptu. This particular one appeared in a humoresque called "Quite accidentally" by Arkanov and Gorin, published in that 1966 book.

</doc>
<doc id="18823164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823164" title="Barbara Stollberg-Rilinger">
Barbara Stollberg-Rilinger

Barbara Stollberg-Rilinger (* 17 July 1955 in Bergisch Gladbach) is a German historian. She studied German language and literature, history and history of art at the University of Cologne, graduating in 1980 and earning a doctorate in 1985. She habilitated at the University of Cologne in 1995. In 1997, Stollberg-Rilinger followed a call from the University of Münster, where she holds the chair of Early Modern History. 
Her focus lies on the political and cultural movements and changes in Europe in the 17th and 18th century (the Age of Enlightenment).

</doc>
<doc id="18823174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823174" title="List of New Testament Church Fathers">
List of New Testament Church Fathers

The following list of New Testament Church Fathers provides an overview of an important part of the secondary source evidence for the text of the New Testament (NT). The NT was quoted by early Christian authors, like Ignatius of Antioch, called the Church Fathers, and also in anonymous works like the Didache. Some anonymous works have traditionally been misattributed to better-known authors, and are now known by the name of that author, but with the prefix "pseudo" (meaning "false" in Greek), for example Pseudo-Dionysius. The other most substantial component of secondary sources for the text of the NT is its early translations into other languages, like Latin. Translations of the NT are known as "versions".
History.
Johann Jakob Griesbach stressed the importance of patristic data for New Testament criticism and laid the foundation for their usage.
Gordon Fee suggests that the presentation of a Patristic quotation must be complete, including all known citations and adaptations, but not all allusions.

</doc>
<doc id="18823176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823176" title="Oscar Draguicevich">
Oscar Draguicevich

Oscar Draguicevich (born August 19, 1969, in Pflugerville, Texas) is a retired American soccer player who spent three seasons in Major League Soccer. He also played in the American Professional Soccer League, Continental Indoor Soccer League, National Professional Soccer League and the German third division. He was a member of the United States U-20 national team at the 1989 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Youth.
Draguicevich attended the University of North Texas. In 1989, he was an unused substitute on the U.S. U-20 national team which placed fourth at the 1989 FIFA World Youth Championship. He later earned three caps with the U.S. national futsal team between 1996 and 1999. He was a member of the U.S. team which competed at the 1996 FIFA Futsal World Cup. During college, Draguicevich also served as a locker room attendant for the Dallas Sidekicks during the 1986-1987 season.
Professional.
In 1990, he began his professional career with the Orlando Lions in the American Professional Soccer League. That fall, he signed with the Detroit Rockers in the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL). In 1991, he moved to Germany where he spent three seasons with Third Division SC Norderstedt. In 1994, he returned to the United States where he spent the summer playing for the Detroit Neon of the Continental Indoor Soccer League. In the fall of 1994, he signed with the Cleveland Crunch of the NPSL. On February 7, 1996, the San Jose Clash selected Draguicevich in the eleventh round (108th overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. Over three seasons, he played forty-five games for the Clash before being waived on November 2, 1998. In August 1997, he played two games on loan with the Seattle Sounders of the USISL in August 1997. After being waived by the Clash, Draguicevich returned to the Cleveland Crunch. He remained with the team through the end of the 1999-2000 season, retired on August 24, 2000. He currently works with his brother Marcelo in their company, Laser Manufacturing in their hometown of Pfugerville, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18823178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823178" title="Patrick Hausding">
Patrick Hausding

Patrick Hausding (born March 9, 1989 in Berlin) is a German diver. Competing in the 2008 Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the men's synchronized 10 metre platform with teammate Sascha Klein.

</doc>
<doc id="18823179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823179" title="Sascha Klein">
Sascha Klein

Sascha Klein (born September 12, 1985 in Eschweiler) is a German diver. Competing in the 2008 Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the men's synchronized 10 metre platform with teammate Patrick Hausding.

</doc>
<doc id="18823183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823183" title="In Good Company (2000 film)">
In Good Company (2000 film)

In Good Company () is a 2000 Greek film directed by Nikos Zapatinas. It was Greece's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Plot.
Two men, Orestis and Pelopidas were met on a car crash. Both have a five days leave. Orestis has got leave from the psychiatric clinic and Pelopidas from prison. Their course is crossed with a doctor and two policemen. Doctor is interested in Orestis and policemen are interested about some stolen money. Thanks to an aunt of one they manage to get away from doctor and policemen who watch them. Their adventure, that is full of hilarious situations, end up to the quest of freedom.
Reception.
Awards.
winner: 
nominated:

</doc>
<doc id="18823192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823192" title="Abandoned (2001 film)">
Abandoned (2001 film)

Abandoned () is a 2001 Hungarian film directed by Arpád Sopsits. It was Hungary's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Plot.
Abandoned at an orphanage by his recently divorced father, Aron endures a life full of cruelty and despair, punctuated by beating from the orphanage staff and ridicule from the other boys. His only friend is his classmate Attila, who helps him discover love and gives him strength to fight back.

</doc>
<doc id="18823197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823197" title="Stock Windmill">
Stock Windmill

Stock Windmill is a grade II* listed Tower mill at Stock, Essex, England which has been restored.
History.
"Stock Windmill" was built c1816 joining an existing post mill. In 1845, a second post mill was moved to a site close by. By 1862, the mill had four shuttered sails. The two post mills were demolished c1890, about which time the millstones were moved down a floor and the drive converted from underdrift to overdrift. A steam engine was added in 1902 and the mill was working by wind until 1930 and afterwards by an internal combustion engine until c1936. The mill was bought by Essex County Council in 1945 and although preserved, by 1977 it was without the fantail and associated supporting timbers. and down to only one pair of sails. Major repairs were started in 1991 by Vincent Pargeter. A grant from English Heritage part-funded the work. The Friends of Stock Mill were formed in 1993 on completion of the restoration.
Description.
"Stock Windmill" is a five storey tower mill with four single Patent sails It has a boat shaped cap winded by a six bladed fantail. The tower is internal diameter at ground level and internal diameter at curb level. The walls are thick to first floor level and thick above that. The tower is high overall and the mill is to the top of the cap.
As built, the mill had a stage at first floor level, four Common sails and was winded by hand. It originally drove two pairs of overdrift millstones.
The cast iron windshaft was probably not made for the mill originally. It carries a diameter composite brake wheel with 81 cogs which has been converted from clasp arm construction. This drives a cast iron wallower with 25 teeth. The cast iron upright shaft is diameter and in three parts, with dog clutches at the fourth and fifth floor. The cast iron great spur wheel is diameter with 76 cogs. It drove three pairs of underdrift millstones of , and diameter.
Millers.
References for above:-
Public access.
"Stock Windmill" is open on the second Sunday of the month between April and September.

</doc>
<doc id="18823203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823203" title="Dmitriy Dobroskok">
Dmitriy Dobroskok

Dmitriy Mikhailovich Dobroskok () (born March 1, 1984 in Buzuluk) is a Russian diver. Competing in the 2008 Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the men's synchronized 10 metre platform with teammate Gleb Galperin. He also competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18823204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823204" title="Gleb Galperin">
Gleb Galperin

Gleb Sergeyevich Galperin () (born May 25, 1985 in Moscow) is a Russian diver. Competing in the 2008 Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the men's synchronized 10 metre platform with teammate Dmitriy Dobroskok, and also a bronze medal in the men's 10 metre platform event alone. He also competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18823210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823210" title="Yang Jisheng">
Yang Jisheng

Yang Jisheng (; born November 1940) is a Chinese journalist and author of "Tombstone" (traditional Chinese: 墓碑, pinyin: "Mùbēi"), a comprehensive account of the Great Chinese Famine during the Great Leap Forward. Yang joined the Communist Party in 1964 and graduated from Tsinghua University in 1966. He promptly joined Xinhua News Agency, where he worked until his retirement in 2001. His loyalty to the party was destroyed by the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre, and, although he continued working for the Xinhua News Agency, he, in fact, spent much of his time researching for "Tombstone". As of 2008, he was the deputy editor of the journal "Yanhuang Chunqiu" (炎黄春秋) in Beijing. Yang Jisheng is also listed as a Fellow of China Media Project, a department under Hong Kong University.
Work on the Great Famine.
Beginning in the early 1990s, Yang began interviewing people and collecting records of The Great Famine of 1959–1961, in which his own foster father had died, eventually accumulating ten million words of records. He published a two-volume 1,208 page account of the period, in which he meticulously cited his sources to prevent the Chinese government from dismissing it. It was widely acclaimed as being the definitive account of the Great Famine. He begins the book,
I call this book Tombstone. It is a tombstone for my father who died of hunger in 1959, for the 36 million Chinese who also died of hunger, for the system that caused their death, and perhaps for myself for writing this book.
The book was published in Hong Kong and is banned in mainland China. In 2012 translations into French, German, and English (which has been condensed almost by 50%) have been published.
Awards.
Yang Jisheng was awarded the 2013 Hayek Book Prize and Lecture by the Manhattan Institute for Policy Research.

</doc>
<doc id="18823218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823218" title="Walton Eller">
Walton Eller

Walton Glenn Eller III (born January 6, 1982) is an American trap shooter and four-time U.S. Olympic athlete (2000, 2004, 2008, 2012). At the 2008 Summer Olympics, he won the gold medal in men's double trap setting both an Olympic Record and a Final Olympic Record.
Eller was born in Houston, Texas, the son of Clara Anne (née Rackley) and Walton Glenn Eller, Jr. In 1996, Eller was the first American to win the British Open Sporting Clay junior title. In 1994, he was the U.S. National Sporting Clay subjunior champion.
Additionally, Glenn Eller is a specialist in the United States Army. He is part of the U.S. Army Marksmanship Unit (USAMU), stationed at Ft. Benning, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18823233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823233" title="Kleine Feldhofer Grotte">
Kleine Feldhofer Grotte

Kleine Feldhofer Grotte was a cave, a paleoanthropologic site in the Neandertal Valley in northern Germany. In 1856, a Neanderthal specimen was unearthed from the cave. Miners uncovered a skull cap and later a set of skeletal bones to be labeled Neanderthal. The bones come from at least three distinct individuals. 
The cave was in a limestone gorge and had interior dimensions of 3 m in width by 5 m in length by 3 m in height with a 1 m opening 20 m above the valley floor in the south wall which was 50 m high. The cave gets its name from the nearby large farm of Feldhof.
The cave was destroyed by quarrying which widened the gorge. The location of the cave was forgotten and by 1900, unknown.
In 1997 a successful search for the site of the cave and its deposits yielded "NN 13" bones which fit exactly onto the left lateral femoral condyle of Neanderthal 1. The 2000 search recovered thousands of artefacts. The mitochondrial DNA of two samples were fully sequenced, and completed in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18823253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823253" title="Pierre-Joseph Bernard">
Pierre-Joseph Bernard

Pierre-Joseph Bernard (26 August 1708 – 1 November 1775), called Gentil-Bernard by Voltaire for the measured grace of his discreetly erotic verses, was a French military man and salon poet with the reputation of a rake, the author of several libretti for Rameau. Mme de Pompadour arranged to have him appointed a royal librarian, at the château de Choisy, where she had a little pavilion built for him.
He was born in Grenoble. He received a Jesuit education at Lyon and joined the staff of Marshal François de Franquetot de Coigny, rising to become the Marshal's chief secretary and serving him in this capacity for a decade. On his return he was taken up by the young Mlle Poisson, not yet marquise de Pompadour. His libretto for Jean-Philippe Rameau's "Castor et Pollux" (1737), a resounding success, rendered him fashionable in the salons. He translated Ovid's "Ars amatoria" ("L'Art de l'Amour") but never intended to publish it, or much else of his fugitive verses. The publisher Leroux noted it in the salons where Bernard often declaimed it, and printed it. Bernard was also known for his "Epistle to Claudine".
For Rameau Bernard also provided libretti for the operas "Les surprises de l'Amour" (1748) and "Anacréon" (1757).
His poem "Ô! Fontenay" was set as a romance by Joseph Denis Doche. In his book of biographical essays, Arsène Houssaye devoted a chapter to Gentil-Bernard, the "French Anacreon".
After some years either senile or gently mad, he died at Choisy-le-Roi in 1775. Arsène Houssaye asserted that "the poor poet had a devout niece for his heir, who burnt everything as a sacrifice except the will."

</doc>
<doc id="18823258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823258" title="Platform envelopment">
Platform envelopment

Platform envelopment refers to one platform provider moving into another one's market, combining its own functionality with the target's, to form a multi-platform bundle. The markets which evolve rapidly are rich in enveloping opportunities and the companies in these markets are under the continuous threat of becoming obsolete. Mobile phones used to be a separate market but the boundaries between them and music players are beginning to blur. A stand alone business when threatened with an envelopment attack has few options but to change the business model or sell off the business to the attacker. RealPlayer was a dominant player in the streaming video business and had created a two sided market out of which the consumers were the subsidized side. The content providers were the money side which paid Real for their streaming software. Microsoft launched an envelopment attack on Real by providing the streaming server software clubbed with their Windows NT operating system. The content providers saw no point in continuing using Real and moved to windows platform threatening the existence of Real. Windows could afford to do so since the provision of such a service boosted their sales of the OS and the mass adoption of the Windows Media Player on the consumer side which was the only compatible player with the windows streaming platform.
Typology of Envelopment Attacks.
The two different networks can be complements, substitutes and functionally unrelated. The relationship between the two networks is the basis on how the attack is launched.
Envelopment of Complements.
A network market consists of several players operating in various adjacent layers. In this kind of attack a player tries to gain a dominant position in the adjacent layer by bundling the services the adjacent layer player provides in its own offerings.
Envelopment of Weak Substitutes.
Price a person is willing to pay for a bundle consisting of two perfect substitutes will be the one which he uses either of them and hence there would be no value for a firm to envelope a platform which acts as a perfect substitute for its own offering. However, there is a value to be created when we have in question a set of weak substitutes.
Envelopment of Unrelated Platforms.
The platforms previously meant for a different usage begin to converge as the common set of users begin to rise. Such is the case with mobile phones and video game devices which were used for distinct purposes but the digital platforms available today have converged all such usages into one.

</doc>
<doc id="18823266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823266" title="T-Square (band)">
T-Square (band)

T-Square is a Japanese jazz fusion band that was formed in 1978. They became famous in the late 70s and early 80s along with other Japanese fusion bands. Its most successful lineup included guitarist Masahiro Andoh, bassist Mitsuru Sutoh, saxophonist, flutist and EWI player Takeshi Itoh, keyboardist Hirotaka Izumi, and drummer Hiroyuki Noritake. They are known for songs such as "Truth", "Japanese Soul Brothers", "Takarajima", and "Omens of Love" among others. "Truth" has been used as the theme for Fuji Television's Formula One (F1) coverage from 1989 to 2000 and since 2012. An Arrangement of said tune, "Truth 21c" was used as the theme for Japan's F1 2001 and 2002, respectively, and other remixes of "Truth" were used from 2003 to 2006.
History.
College Beginnings (1976 - 1978).
In 1976, in Meiji University, a small Jazz-Rock band began, with a very basic Jazz Band line-up. Bassist Yuhji Nakamura, Guitarist Masahiro Andoh, Pianist Jun Hakama and Drummer Shunichi Harada. According to Masahiro Andoh, The band's name was based on Madison Square Garden. Hakama and Harada were replaced by Miyagi Junko on keyboards and Michael S. Kawai on drums, and a young, debuting Takeshi Itoh joining in on Saxophone and Flutes, in 1977.
The Square (1978 - Mid-1988).
With backing Guitarist Yuhji Mikuriya, Keyboardist Shiro Sagisu and percussionist Kiyohiko Senba joining in 1978, The band was then named "The Square" since 1978, with a semi-generic, Disco-type sound. Lead Saxophonist Takeshi Itoh adopted the Lyricon as a Side Instrument, and The Square would begin the tradition of writing 1 to 3 songs with the Lyricon in every new album hereafter. As the early years of the band progressed, the number of members had dwindled from 8 members (2 Keyboardists, 2 Guitarists, A drummer, a Percussionist, Sax player and Bassist) to 5 (Drummer, Keyboardist, Guitarist, Sax player, Bassist). The group's sound was changed to Rock music when Bassist Yuhji Nakamura, Pianist Miyagi Junko and Drummer Michael S. Kawai were replaced by Drummer Jun Aoyama (better known as the Drummer of Tatsuro Yamashita's live Backing Band from 1979 to 2003), Bassist Toyoyuki Tanaka and Prism Keyboardist Daisaku Kume, who joined the band as a Support Member and left a year thereafter. Percussionist Kiyohiko Senba left the group altogether. Jun Aoyama was later replaced by Eiji Shimizu on Drums in 1981. Pianist Hirotaka Izumi came into the band, as their First Long-Term Keyboardist/Pianist. Then drummer Tohru Hasebe replaced Eiji Shimizu from then to 1985. Drummer Hiroyuki Noritake replaced him in 1986 as their first Long-Term Drummer, and then Bassist Toyoyuki Tanaka was replaced by Mitsuru Sutoh, who was their first Long-Term Bassist, since 1987. Takeshi Itoh would go on to exchange his Lyricon for an AKAI EWI, before the band made their first Release for the United States. It is believed that their first performance in the U.S. was at the Cat Club in N.Y. Before they made their way to the Roxy in Los Angeles, they realized there was already a group from the U.K, called "The Squares", thus, the name change was made, and the "T-Square" era had begun.
T-Square (Mid-1988 - 2000).
The band's performance at the Roxy marked their first live album as T-Square. 2 years later, Masato Honda debuted with them, as a Backing Saxophonist on the album, "T-Square Live (featuring F1 Grand Prix Theme)". The F1 theme being "Truth" from 1987. In 1991, T-Square's original Saxophonist, Takeshi Itoh, was replaced by former T-Square Backing/Support member, Masato Honda, who composed the opening track from T-Square's "New-S" Album (released in 1991), "Megalith". Honda carried Takeshi's Sax/EWI duties until 1998, when he left the group to pursue his solo career, after the release of "Blue in Red". Takahiro Miyazaki would replace him on Saxophone/EWI duties. At the same time, Hirotaka Izumi left T-Square, and was replaced by Tadashi Namba, who played Keyboards with Masahiro Andoh on the theme song from Gran Turismo, "Moon over the Castle" (from Masahiro's solo Album "Andy's", released 1996), as well as the T-Square arrangement of the song, called "Knight's Song" (from "Blue in Red", released in 1997). The group and all former and (at the time) current members played at Yaon de Asobu for their 20th Anniversary that same year. This is one of the last T-Square performances in which Masato Honda was involved (unlike Miyazaki and Itoh, Masato Honda didn't show up to the next 2 anniversary concerts in 2003 and 2008, respectively). In 1999, Tadashi Namba was replaced by Keyboardist Keiji Matsumoto. The new line-up of Miyazaki, Noritake, Sutoh, Matsumoto and Andoh was kept until mid-2000.
T-Square Plus and Session Members (2000 - 2002).
In the middle of the year 2000, the band was divided into T-Square (Original and long-term Guitarist Masahiro Andoh, Original, (at the time) Former, and returning Saxophonist, Takeshi Itoh, and Random Session Musicians) and Trio The Square (Bassist Mitsuru Sutoh, Drummer Hiroyuki Noritake and Keyboardist Keiji Matumoto). This trio is the main reason for why T-Square had to use Random Session Musicians to record with. Though, the performance of "Friendship Live" had T-Square's Long-Term drummer, Hiroyuki Noritake along with (at the time) Support Musician, and Current full-time Keyboardist, Keizoh Kawano, as well as Support Bassist Kiyoshi Murakami. T-Square changed its name again, to T-Square Plus, and Former T-Square Guitarist Yuhji Mikuriya, as well as former Seikima-II Bassist Shunsuke "Xenon" Ishikawa and session keyboardist Takehiro Kawabe, joined them briefly for 2002. T-Square Plus, as this incarnation of the group was called, dropped the "Plus" from their name, but kept using Session Musicians until 2003.
25th Anniversary, The Square/T Comes Back (2003).
In 2003, they released an album called "Spirits", under their original name, "The Square". and retained some of their original members (partly due to T-Square having its 25th Anniversary on that year), and kept their Newcomer, Keizoh Kawano. The line-up was Itoh, Noritake, Sutoh, Kawano (support), Izumi and Andoh. They released another album that featured arrangements of some of their best known songs, called "T Comes Back".
New Band Members (2004-2008).
Since then, the Group changed their name again to T-Square. In addition to Mitsuru Sutoh being replaced by Katsuji Morioka on Bass in 2004, Morioka was replaced by Shingo Tanaka a year later. Both Morioka and Tanaka are Support Bassists. From 2000 to 2004, Keizoh Kawano was a support member on Keyboards; he became an Official Keyboardist in 2005, and drummer Satoshi Bandoh, who also composed several songs, replaced Hiroyuki Noritake in the same year. And T-Square's original Drummer, Michael S. Kawai, had returned to T-Square as a behind-the-scenes Percussionist and Producer from 2004 until 2008.
30th Anniversary and T-Square Super Band/Super Special Band, First Lineup (2008-Early 2009).
The band changed their name to "T-Square Super Band", to promote their 30th Anniversary Tour, and the fact that most former T-Square Members were involved in recording their new album called "Wonderful Days". Adding even more former members (Except for Shingo Tanaka, because he is a Support Member, and thus, not regarded as an Official T-Square Musician, hence why he wasn't in the "Super Band" to begin with). This began in Mid-to-Late-2008 after the end of their "Wonderful Days" Tour), the group changed its name to T-Square Super Special Band and played on Yaon de Asobu for their 30th Anniversary Show. This video was released on February 2009 as "The Square~T-Square since 1978: 30th Anniversary Festival".
Self-Cover Era (2009-2012).
With the release of their 2009 Album, "Discoveries" only 3 months after the release of the aforementioned DVD, the group dropped "Super Special Band" from their name and cut the Members down to keyboardist Keizoh Kawano, drummer Satoshi Bandoh, Returning Support Bassist Shingo Tanaka, and the 2 original T-Square members, Masahiro Andoh and Takeshi Itoh. Discoveries was sold with a DVD which chronicled T-Square performing and rehearsing in 2008. In 2010, An almost-exact year after "Discoveries", they released a brand new album, "Jikan Ryoko"—which is the Japanese phrase for "Time Travel". This album was meant to showcase more of the songwriting abilities of the younger members of the group. In the Summer of that same year, they decided to re-record some of their Older songs and release them in October as an album called "Takara no Uta: T-Square plays The Square". They would go on to release another original album, "Nine Stories" on April 2011. Some current and former T-Square members would tour with Satoshi Bandoh to promote his solo album, "Happy Life!" in late 2011. T-Square recorded another "T-Square plays The Square" album, released late in October, much like last year. Keizoh Kawano recorded and released his own solo album, "Dreams", the month thereafter. At the end of 2011, they performed a new song, 'Bird of Wonder', which was released with their 2012 album, "Wings". The group later released another cover album, this time employing the help of special guest musicians.
35th Anniversary, T-Square Super Band (Second Lineup) and Takeshi Itoh's Second Departure (2013-Present).
This marks the second time that T-Square has branded themselves The "T-Square Super Band", now in promotion of their 35th Anniversary. They Retained all members of the Super Band from 2008, except for pianist Hirotaka Izumi. Percussionist Kiyohiko Senba, who was also an original member of The Square, is a member of T-Square's Super Band as of 2013. Upon the Release of "Smile", the new T-Square Super Band Album, A Picture was included in the release, with Japanese Text/Kanji clearly reading something to the effect of "Itoh's Resignation", thus confirming that Takeshi Itoh has once again left T-Square, after having performed with them for 26 non-consecutive Years (1978-1990 and 2000-2013). Even in the most recent album (T-Square Plus - History), Itoh only performed on 2 Tracks, so he is visibly recording less and less with T-Square.
Offshoot bands.
The following list includes bands that include multiple (former or current) members of T-Square.
AnMi2.
AnMi2 are a guitar duo comprising the first two guitarists of T-Square, Masahiro Andoh and Yuhji Mikuriya.
Trio The Square/The Masato Honda Band/Voice of Elements.
This group began as a result of Creative Differences between the Members of the T-Square Line-up of 1999-Early 2000, but the Trio began in Mid-1999, with Keyboardist Keiji Matsumoto, Drummer Hiroyuki Noritake and Bassist Mitsuru Sutoh as Trio The Square. Trio The Square disbanded in later 2000.
Later on that year, Hiroyuki Noritake and Keiji Matsumoto, along with Bassist Tomohito Aoki, Guitarist Jun Kajiwara, would become the Backing Band of Former T-Square Saxophonist, Masato Honda. The group didn't have an official name, but, was collectively dubbed by fans as "The Masato Honda Band".
The Masato Honda Band was put on hold in 2005, then fully deactivated in Early Mid-2006, to make way for Voice of Elements, which featured, again, Hiroyuki Noritake and Keiji Matsumoto. Tomohito Aoki, the original bassist of the Masato Honda Band, died of acute heart failure on June that year, therefore, he was replaced by Mitsuru Sutoh. As of Sutoh joining the group, Everyone who ever joined it was also a previous member of T-Square. Voice of Elements, as the band was called when they returned in 2006, continued performing and recording through 2007.
Ottottrio.
This group was a Fusion Supergroup, led by 3 guitarists, T-Square's Masahiro Andoh, Casiopea's Issei Noro and KORENOS' Hirokuni Korekata. Along with Masahiro Andoh, Drummer Hiroyuki Noritake was another T-Square musician who was part of this group since 1988. Also, T-Square Bassist, Mitsuru Sutoh and (at the time) Future T-Square keyboardist, Keiji Matsumoto recorded with them at the end of 1998 (and actually joined T-Square a few months thereafter.).
KoreNoS.
This band was formed in 2004, by Hirokuni Korekata, Hiroyuki Noritake and Mitsuru Sutoh. They released 2 studio albums, "Asian Street Style" (2004) and "Abracadabra" (2005). They also released a Live Album in 2007.
Casiopea vs. The Square.
Although "Casiopea vs. The Square" was performed as a One-Off event in 2003, This extension of 2 different Jazz-Fusion bands goes back to 1993. Former Percussionist of The Square, Kiyohiko Senba, played on one of the songs from Casiopea's 1993 album, "Dramatic". A year later, Both Groups played an arrangement of The Beatles' "Get Back" on a Japanese Broadcast. 3 years after that, Casiopea, T-Square and Jimsaku played at Tokyo Jam 1997, with the same song. In 2003, Both Groups played (with some of the players replaced), at the event called Casiopea vs. The Square. Both Groups still have somewhat of an alliance, seeing as Casiopea's 1993 - 1997 drummer, Noriaki Kumagai and Former T-Square Bassist, Mitsuru Sutoh are both in TRIX. And Sax player Takeshi Itoh performed with Casiopea's Keyboardist, Minoru Mukaiya in 2006.
Synchronized DNA.
Drummers Hiroyuki Noritake of T-Square and Akira Jimbo of Casiopea made a Drum Duo in 2003, after the "Casiopea vs. The Square" concert.
Pyramid.
Pianist Hirotaka Izumi, ex-Casiopea drummer Akira Jimbo and Guitarist Yuji Toriyama, along with other Studio Musicians, form the band "Pyramid". They have released 3 Studio albums.
As Support Members for Other Artists.
After the dissolution of Trio the Square, Mitsuru Sutoh and Keiji Matsumoto would later become Backing Musicians for Japanese Acapella Pop group, 'The Gospellers'. Sutoh also plays for TRIX (since they formed in 2004). Other recognized musicians in that group are Noriaki Kumagai (Casiopea drummer from 1993 - 1996).
Drummer Hiroyuki Noritake and Keyboardist Keizoh Kawano, along with Bassist Ko Shimizu (from Naniwa Express) would record as Support Members for J-Fusion/Rock guitarist Kumi Adachi in 2007-2008.
T-Square's current Support-Bassist Shingo Tanaka is a former part of The 39's/The Thanks (39 in Japanese is pronounced Sanjyu Kyu, which almost sounds like Thank You). The 39's were a band that accompanied Concerts performed by Vocaloids, specifically the "39's Giving Day" concert series (again, that would sound like "Thanksgiving Day"), although the concerts themselves wouldn't necessarily be held on said day. The Band Contract of the 39s expired in 2012, as they were replaced by another Vocaloid Backing Band, MKP39. The name of this new group pokes fun at the Concerts theirselves (Miku Party), and their Predecessors, (The 39's). This group name also pokes fun at idol-group AKB48. Their characters (Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin and Len, etcetera) are portrayed by Holograms.

</doc>
<doc id="18823289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823289" title="Edward Michelis">
Edward Michelis

Edward Michelis (born in Münster, St. Mauritz, 6 February 1813; died in Luxembourg, 8 June 1855) was a German Roman Catholic theologian.
Life.
After his ordination, in 1836, he was appointed private secretary to Clemens August von Droste-Vischering, Archbishop of Cologne, whose imprisonment he shared, first in the fortress of Minden (1837), and later at Magdeburg and Erfurt. On his release in 1841 he returned to St. Mauritz, where, the following year, he established the Sisters of Divine Providence, whom he placed in charge of an orphanage he had also founded. 
In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg, where he remained until his death. He was also the founder of the "Münstersche Sonntagsblatt" newspaper, and co-founder and editor-in-chief of "Das Luxemburger Wort" (1848).
Works.
Among his published writings are: 

</doc>
<doc id="18823313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823313" title="Smith &amp; Wesson Model 460">
Smith &amp; Wesson Model 460

Smith & Wesson Model 460 is a large caliber X-frame revolver by Smith & Wesson chambered for the .460 S&W Magnum cartridge. 
Design.
The basic design of the Model 460 is based on the other X-framed revolver, its counterpart, the Smith & Wesson Model 500, a .50 caliber revolver. The gun is distinguished from the Model 460 by the holes at the end of the barrel and the neon factory sights. Aside from the .460 S&W Magnum cartridge, the revolver can also chamber .454 Casull, and .45 Colt ammunition. Smith & Wesson states that Model 460 XVR (XVR stands for Xtreme Velocity Revolver) is the highest velocity production revolver, while being the most powerful .45 caliber production revolver in the world, launching a 200 grain bullet at 2,330 feet per second, generating 2,400 ft-lbs of muzzle energy.

</doc>
<doc id="18823335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823335" title="Nasser Kara">
Nasser Kara

Nasser Kara is a Malawian politician who was convicted of the murder of his driver in 2002.
Kara was a member of the National Assembly of Malawi for the opposition Malawi Congress Party. In early 2002, when Kara was Director of Public Prosecutions, Kara's wife Liwoli, and her friend, Chimwemwe Kamfoso, disappeared. Two months later, the body of Kara's driver was found in a Mercedes Benz in a river.
Kara was arrested in May 2002 after being sought for a number of weeks, and police produced a written confession in which Kara admitted to killing his wife, his driver, and Kamfoso. Kara and his two bodyguards, Charles Kulemeka and Phillip Singo, were tried for the murder of his driver in Salima. (There has been no murder trial for his wife and Kamfoso because their bodies have never been found. Under Malawian law, unless a body is found, no murder prosecution can proceed until seven years have elapsed.) in February 2004, Kara was convicted by a jury and the bodyguards were acquitted. Kara was sentenced to death by hanging. He is the first member of the Malawian National Assembly to receive the death sentence.
Kara is currently on death row in Zomba Central Prison in Maula, a suburb of Lilongwe. Malawi has not executed a prisoner since 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18823347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823347" title="Irina Nekrassova">
Irina Nekrassova

Irina Nekrassova (born March 1, 1988) is a female weightlifter from Kazakhstan.
At the 2007 World Weightlifting Championships she ranked 9th in the 69 kg category, lifting 228 kg in total.
She won the silver medal in the 63 kg category at the 2008 Summer Olympics, with 240 kg in total.

</doc>
<doc id="18823362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823362" title="The Masks of Time">
The Masks of Time

The Masks of Time is a science fiction novel by American author Robert Silverberg, first published in 1968. It was a nominee for the Nebula Award in 1968.
It was published in the United Kingdom under the title "Vornan-19".
Plot summary.
Vornan-19 arrives on Christmas day, 1998 in Rome. He floats down from the sky naked, landing on the Spanish Steps. The police try and arrest him but he knocks them over with a touch. He is helped and given clothes by Horst Klein who believes that the apocalypse will come in 389 days, Vornan-19 tells him that he is from the year 2999. Jack Bryant, a graduate student under Leo Garfield at the University of California is working toward a process to extract huge amounts of energy from ordinary matter. He leaves the physics department, gets married to pretty blonde named Shirley and they move to the deserts of Arizona. Leo Garfield spends several months with Jack and Shirley to get a break from his physics work. During Vornan-19's first public press conference he mentions the fact that in the future society is very different due to the fact that they have tapped the energy within all matter so that no one has to work to obtain energy. Leo Garfield tells Jack that he left the University because he had actually finished his thesis showing how to extract the enormous amounts of energy within all particles of matter. He could not bear to release this theory since it would dramatically change human society. He asks Jack to use his influence to question Vornan-19 on the subject to see if it was his theory that was used in the future. When Jack returns to the University, he has a call from the White House and is forced to join a group of scientists working for the US government on how to best deal with Vornan-19. Vornan-19 comes to New York City where he meets with the group of scientists, attends an outrageous house party and tours the New York Stock Exchange. He reveals during the tour that in 2999 there is no capitalism and even no money. All citizens have all that they need. After visiting the stock market Vornan requests a visit to an automated brothel in Chicago. During an interview in California, Vornan-19 says that in the future they have determined how life began on the earth. An alien spacecraft visited the earth long ago on a scouting mission and discovered no life forms and so departed, before they left they jettisoned a load of their garbage that landed on earth and eventually started life. Vornan goes to moon, when he returns he takes a break from his tour of the earth by staying with Leo's friends Jack and Shirley in Arizona. Shirley subtly offers herself to Vornan but he shows no interest, Vornan instead seduces Jack. Shirley then sleeps with Leo who has been wanting her for years. Vornan has been made into a messiah by the people of earth. He visits Buenos Aires using a personal shield technology that should allow him to interact with the crowds. The shield fails and Vornan is grabbed by the crowd and his body is never recovered. Jack remains in Buenos Aires until the turn of the century.
Major themes.
"The Masks of Time" has been described as an ironic and satiric treatment of the theme of salvation.
Literary significance and reception.
"The Masks of Time" has been described as "a brilliant and nearly flawless performance", and has been compared to Robert A. Heinlein's "Stranger in a Strange Land". The story of Vornan-19 has been described as a realistic and ironic parody of the romantic and superhuman adventures of Valentine Michael Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="18823367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823367" title="Wunderlichioideae">
Wunderlichioideae

Wunderlichioideae is a subfamily of flowering plants belonging to the family Asteraceae.
The subfamily includes 8 genera and about 24 species that are concentrated in Brasil ("Wunderlichia") and Guyana ("Chimantaea", "Stenopadus" and "Stomatochaeta"), with some species in other South America countries ("Hyalis" and "Ianthopappus") and others ("Nouelia" and "Leucomeris") in South-East Asia and Himalaya. Distinguishing features of the members of this subfamily are presence of styles with glabrous style branches and a deletion in the "rpoB" gene. Two subtribes, Wunderlicheae and Hyalideae, are recognised.

</doc>
<doc id="18823385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823385" title="P17">
P17

P17, P-17 or P.17 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18823388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823388" title="Jake Thomson">
Jake Thomson

Jake Samuel Thomson (born 12 May 1989) is an English footballer of Trinidadian descent who currently plays for A.F.C. Portchester.
Club career.
Thomson began his career at Southampton in 2005 and was promoted to the first team in 2008, making his debut on 9 August 2008 against Cardiff City in the Football League Championship. He made a further nine appearances for Southampton in the 2008–09 season. Thomson spent one month on loan to Bournemouth between January and February 2009; although the clubs had agreed to extend the loan, this was not permitted because of Bournemouth's financial circumstances.
Thomson made four appearances for Southampton in the 2009–10 Football League One. On 27 October 2009, he joined Torquay United on loan for a month. The loan was extended until the end of the 2009–10 season.
He was released by Southampton on 15 May 2010.
On 1 July 2010, he was signed by Exeter City. On 25 February 2011, Jake signed on loan to Cheltenham for an initial one month loan. He was one of twelve players released by Exeter in May 2011.
Thomson spent the summer of 2011 on trial with Southend United however he failed to earn a deal. Thomson subsequently signed for Conference National outfit Kettering Town.
Shortly after joining Kettering however on 27 September 2011, Thomson joined fellow Conference National side Forest Green Rovers on loan. He made his Forest Green debut on the day he signed, coming on as a second half substitute in a 1–1 draw with Newport County at The New Lawn. In October 2011, Thomson had his loan deal extended at Forest Green by a further month. In November 2011 it was announced that Thomson's loan spell at Forest Green would be turned into a permanent move. After making 28 league appearances for Forest Green, Thomson was released by the club in May 2012. He signed for Newport County on 11 June 2012. In January 2013 Thomson joined Lincoln City on a one month loan and he returned to Newport County in February 2013. In the 2012–13 season he was part of the Newport team that finished 3rd in the league, reaching the Conference National playoffs. Newport County won the playoff final versus Wrexham at Wembley stadium 2–0 to return to the Football League after a 25-year absence with promotion to League Two.
He was released by Newport County on 10 May 2013.
It was announced on 19 August 2013 that he had signed for Salisbury City but left the club in December 2013 after making just six league appearances. On 14 January 2014 he joined A.F.C. Portchester whose coach Louis Bell had been his coach when he was a member of the Portsmouth Schools side who lifted the English Schools' Football Association Under 15 Inter Association Trophy in 2004.
International career.
Thomson was born in Portsmouth and is of Trinidadian parentage but played for the England U-17 team. On 30 August 2009 it was announced that Thomson would be joining the Trinidad and Tobago squad prior to the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
He made his full international debut versus Costa Rica on 10 October 2009 in a World Cup qualifier.

</doc>
<doc id="18823412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823412" title="Pak Hyon-Suk">
Pak Hyon-Suk

Pak Hyon-Suk (born August 4, 1985) is a female weightlifter from North Korea.
She ranked 6th in the Woman's 58 kg category at the 2004 Summer Olympics, lifting 217.5 kg in total.
At the 2007 World Weightlifting Championships she won the bronze medal in the 63 kg category with a total of 228 kg.
She won the gold medal in the 63 kg category at the 2008 Summer Olympics, with 241 kg in total.
Upon receiving her gold medal, she obtained a warm reception back in her home country and from the KCNA.

</doc>
<doc id="18823417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823417" title="De Medina">
De Medina

De Medina is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18823453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823453" title="Angelo State University College of Education">
Angelo State University College of Education

The Angelo State University College of Education is a college at Angelo State University in San Angelo, Texas. Three departments are housed within the college: the Department of Kinesiology, the Department of Teacher Education, and the Department of Curriculum and Instruction.
The Department of Kinesiology offers programs for a variety of careers. Degrees are offered in Exercise Science, Kinesiology, All-Level Physical Education Certification, Athletic Training, and Pre-Physical Therapy. Angelo State University graduates more head high school coaches in the state than any other University, regardless of size.
It also offers the second largest coaches clinic in the nation
The Departments of Teacher Education and Curriculum and Instruction offer programs leading to teacher certification at the elementary, middle-school, and high school level. Professional programs at the Master's Degree level help prepare school personnel for professional non-teaching positions throughout a public school system.

</doc>
<doc id="18823456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823456" title="Tema Reef">
Tema Reef

Tema Reef, also called Tima Reef, is a submerged coral reef in the northern Cook Islands, 23 km southeast of Pukapuka.
No coral or rock shows above water, but the sea breaks heavily over the reef. 
The reef measures about 550 by 360 meters, covering a shallow but submerged area of 0.16 km². 
History.
Legend has it that Tima, an Aitutakian warrior sailed to Nassau, but was chased away by Ngalewu, a chief from Pukapuka. On his return to Aitutaki he passed the reef nearby and named it "Te Toka-O-Tima", the Stone of Tima
The reef was sighted by Commodore John Byron on June 21, 1765. Captain William Williams of the missionary ship “John Williams” sighted the reef on May 15, 1864. It was again examined by H.M.S. “Alert” in 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="18823457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823457" title="California Insurance Commissioner election, 1994">
California Insurance Commissioner election, 1994

The 1994 California Insurance Commissioner election occurred on November 8, 1994. The primary elections took place on March 8, 1994. The Republican nominee, Chuck Quackenbush, narrowly defeated the Democratic nominee, State Senator Art Torres, for the office previously held by incumbent John Garamendi, who chose not to seek re-election in favor of running for Governor.
Primary results.
Final results from the California Secretary of State 
Election results.
Final results from the Secretary of State of California.

</doc>
<doc id="18823461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823461" title="Helin, Poland">
Helin, Poland

Helin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18823480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823480" title="Lu Ying-chi">
Lu Ying-chi

Lu Ying-chi (; born April 6, 1985 in Pingtung County, Taiwan) is a female weightlifter from Taiwan.
At the 2006 World Weightlifting Championships she ranked 8th in the 63 kg category with a total of 215 kg.
She won the bronze medal in the 63 kg category at the 2008 Summer Olympics, with 231 kg in total.

</doc>
<doc id="18823481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823481" title="Contextual cueing">
Contextual cueing

Contextual cueing (also referred to as contextual cuing) is a concept in psychology that refers to the manner in which the human brain gathers information from visual elements and their surroundings. The term was coined by Drs. Marvin Chun and Yuhong Jiang of Yale University, and was originally published in June 1998.
Definition.
Contextual cueing is defined as an attentional guidance or facilitation effect derived from past experiences of (mostly hidden) regularities of the (mainly visual) world. In other words, visual attention can be guided by incidentally acquired knowledge about spatial invariants. Spatial invariants can be the objects around a given target object, their spatial layout, their trajectories, etc. This means that when you are searching for some visual object that is repeatedly surrounded by the same objects, or by objects in the same locations, or by objects following the same trajectories, you will be faster to find the object you are looking for. However, if the object is surrounded by different objects, or by displaced objects, or by objects randomly moving around, each time you look for it, then you will not be faster to find the given object. The reason that this effect is significant is that repeated tests have shown that the effect is nearly entirely 'implicit' or subconscious; research participants are not aware that they are becoming familiar with repeated visual cues.
Characteristics.
The contextual cueing effect has several main characteristics, in terms of underlying learning and memory processes:
In general, the contextual cueing paradigm is especially interesting for the study of implicit learning and consciousness because existing results indicate that implicitly acquired knowledge can guide visual attention and thereby shape the way we consciously perceive visual scenes (since we are mostly aware of those things we attend to).
Furthermore, the contextual cueing paradigm differs from other implicit learning paradigms in certain interesting ways and may therefore allow for new insights into the nature of implicit learning in general:
Finally, exploring implicit learning of visuo-spatial invariants is likely to yield new insights into the cognitive mechanisms implied in everyday life situations of navigation in space, which have so far been largely described and conceptualized in terms of explicit and symbolic knowledge. However, for principled reasons exposed in following chapters, such activities are likely to lead to the acquisition of implicit knowledge, which is largely ignored by current models of spatial cognition. One striking anecdotal example, that hints at the existence of such implicit learning in spatial navigation, is that you have surely already experienced situations where you found yourself in an unknown supermarket and still somehow found your way around to certain things relatively easily without being able to fully verbalize your knowledge about the structure of the supermarkets you have been to. And you will surely be even more aware of the existence of implicit expectations about your "prototypical" supermarket layout, when you do not find things were they "ought" to be.

</doc>
<doc id="18823497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823497" title="Juan de Medina">
Juan de Medina

Juan de Medina (1490–1547) was a Spanish theologian, and Spain's ambassador to Rome. Although he is repeatedly quoted and praised by several theologians of his time, little was written about his life. 
Life.
He was born at Medina de Pomar in the Province of Burgos (rather than Alcalá, as some writers state). 
He entered the College of St. Ildefonsus at Alcalá, 20 May 1516, took doctor's degrees in philosophy and theology, and soon after was made canon and master of theology at the university. He was selected as primary professor of theology in the College of St. Ildefonsus in succession to Michael Carasco, whom Cardinal Ximenes wished to be made perpetual Rector of the College. From about 1526 and for the space of twenty years, Medina filled this position.
Alvarez Gomez and Andrea Schott state that Medina was buried in the church of St. Ildefonsus. The first lines of the epitaph on his tomb are:
Works.
Medina's works are principally on moral theology and ethics. Some of his opinions were not in accordance with the doctrine propounded at the Council of Trent. The "Diccionario Enciclop. Hispano Americano" says that his treatise "de Poenitientia" was put on the Index published in 1707; the edition of the Index printed in 1711 does not give Medina's work, nor does any of the subsequent editions. The Council of Trent declares that at the hour of death there is no "reservatio" and that all priests can absolve "in articulo mortis". Medina says "that absolution given by an excommunicated priest is invalid"; and again, "at a time of necessity (arliculo necessitatis) any priest, not suspended or excommunicated can absolve any person". His opinions on the "materia" for sacramental absolution, and on the "Copia confessariorum" seem opposed to the teaching of the council on these points. 
Many editions of Medina's works were printed in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. His brother John de Medina brought out the theological books at Alcala in 1544 and sqq.; Salamanca, 1555; Ingoldstadt, 1581; Brescia, 1590–1606; Cologne, 1607 etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18823510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823510" title="Sri Suriyendra">
Sri Suriyendra

Queen Sri Suriyendra (; ; 1767–1836) was the queen of Siam, wife of Buddha Loetla Nabhalai, who was her own cousin, and mother of Mongkut and Pinklao. She was later named upon the coronation of her son Mongkut as "Krom Somdet" Phra Sri Suriyendramataya.
Princess Bunreod was a daughter of Princess Sri Sudarak (เจ้าฟ้ากรมพระศรีสุดารักษ์) (sister of Buddha Yodfa Chulaloke) and her Chinese husband Chao Krua Ngern (เจ้าขรัวเงิน). Princess Bunreod lived with her mother in the Grand Palace and grew up with her maternal female cousins, the daughters of Buddha Yodfa Chulaloke. 
Princess Bunreod had an affair with her cousin, Prince Isarasundhorn, a son and heir apparent to King Buddha Yodfa Chulaloke. In 1801, the King discovered the princess' four-month pregnancy and banished her from the Grand Palace to live with her brother Prince Thepharirak. Prince Isarasundhorn begged his father to no avail to return the princess to the palace. The couple eventually settled at the Old Palace (Thonburi Palace) and Princess Bunreod became the prince's consort. The baby died, however, shortly after birth. With Prince Isarasundhorn (the future Buddha Loetla Nabhalai), she bore three sons:
Following Prince Isarasundhorn's coronation as Buddha Loetla Nabhalai, Princess Bunreod was raised to Queen Sri Suriyendra. She was not the only wife as the Siamese monarchs was allowed have many consorts in accordance with tradition. Sri Suriyendra shared her husband with Princess Consort Kunthon and Princess Riam (Mother of King Nangklao (or King Rama III))and a number of the king's concubines.
Her son, Prince Mongkut became a monk in 1824, the same year that Buddha Loetla Nabhalai died. It was her son Mongkut who was to be crowned according to tradition. However, the nobility decided to offer the crown to Prince Tub, who became King Nangklao (Rama III) (the Prince was a son of concubine, but had been extremely experienced in government). Mongkut then remained a monk to avoid court intrigues. 
Sri Suriyendra then left the Grand Palace for the Old Palace (Wang Derm) to live with her son Prince Isaret (previously Prince Chutamani). She stayed there until her death in 1836, she did not live to see her son Mongkut crowned.

</doc>
<doc id="18823531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823531" title="Modern Schools of Ninjutsu">
Modern Schools of Ninjutsu

Modern schools of ninjutsu are schools which offer instruction in martial arts. To a larger or smaller degree, the curriculum is derived from the practice of ninjutsu, the arts of the ninja covert agents or assassins of feudal Japan.
One of the earliest modern schools to be established was the Bujinkan Organization in 1978 by martial artist Masaaki Hatsumi. The organization teaches nine different martial arts styles, three of which are named after and claim to be descended from historical ninjutsu styles. Stephen K. Hayes, a student of Hatsumi, took what he learned to the United States in the 1970s, starting his own group of organizations called Quest Centers and his own martial arts style, To-Shin Do. Several other schools of ninjutsu also were created during the 1970s, including the Dux Ryu Ninjutsu school in 1975 and the Nindo Ryu Bujutsu Kai federation in 1979.
During the 1980s, several other schools of ninjutsu also began to be developed across the world, with the Genbukan being founded in 1984 in Japan by Shoto Tanemura, a former friend and student of Hatsumi, and the AKBAN school being developed in Israel in 1986 by Doron Navon's student, Yossi Sherriff, as an offshoot of the Bujinkan Organization. The Banke Shinobinoden school, which claims a long history, began teaching Koga and Iga ninjutsu more popularly with the opening of the Iga-ryū Ninja Museum by Jinichi Kawakami.
Some of the historical claims of these modern schools have been questioned in regards to whether they truly qualify as Koryū. A number of people in the general martial arts community deny the existence of any true ninjutsu being taught today because of these concerns.
1970s.
Bujinkan.
In 1978, Masaaki Hatsumi founded the Bujinkan organization. It uses the concepts of Ninjutsu in three of its nine schools.
Shadows of Iga Society.
Stephen K. Hayes founded the "Shadows of Iga Society" to promote ninjutsu studies in North America. He studied with Shoto Tanemura and then with Masaaki Hatsumi. Hayes introduced the concepts of ninjutsu to North America. He founded a ninjutsu dojo in the mid-1970s, in Atlanta, Georgia. In about 1980, Hayes moved to Dayton, Ohio where he continued to teach.
Nindo Ryu Bujutsu Kai.
The "Nindo Ryu Bujutsu Kai" is a martial arts federation founded in 1979. It has a gendai ninjutsu division under the direction of Carlos R. Febres. Febres was a former student of Shoto Tanemura and T. Higushi and studies with of Ronald Duncan & Bo Munthe. "Nindo Ryu Gendai Ninjutsu" uses modern application and interpretation of the takamatsuden, koga (koka) & eclectic schools of ninjutsu.
Dux Ryu.
In 1975, Frank Dux established "Dux Ryu Ninjutsu" in North Hollywood, Los Angeles. His students have also owned and operated ninjutsu schools.
1980s.
During the 1980s, several schools of ninjutsu were developed both in and outside Japan.
Genbukan organization.
The "Kokusai Jujutsu Renmei" (international organization) also teaches traditional Japanese Jujutsu techniques. and self-defense techniques such as goshinjutsu, 'koryu karate' and 'chugoku kenpo'.
Akban.
In 1986, in Israel, Yossi Sheriff founded Akban. The school's curriculum is based on that which was taught to Doron Navon (Sheriff's teacher). Navon was the first foreign Bujinkan shihan. He studied with Tanemura and then with Hatsumi.
Banke Shinobinoden.
The Banke Shinobinoden school began teaching koga and iga ninjutsu when these martial arts became more popular after the opening of the Iga-ryū Ninja Museum. The founder, Jinichi Kawakami, studied with Masazo Ishida. Thomas Dillon wrote,
Kawakami is the 21st head of the "Koga Ban" clan and the honorary director of the Iga-ryu Ninja Museum. Kawakami operates a dojo in Sagamihara-shi, Kanagawa Prefecture, but no longer accepts new students. Kawakami's student, Yasushi Kiyomoto, is also a teacher of this school.
1990 to present.
Quest Centers.
In the 1997 Stephen K. Hayes retired the Shadows of Igia society, and founded the "Quest Centers". Hayes developed To-Shin Do, a western system of Ninjutsu distinct from Bujinkan.
Jissen Kobudo Jinenkan.
This school was founded by Fumio Manaka in 1996. Manaka was a student of Masaaki Hatsumi and achieved menkyo kaiden in several styles of Bujinkan including togakure-ryu ninjutsu.
Kage No Michi Ninjutsu.
Kage No Michi Ninjutsu, which translates into The Way of the Shadow Ninjutsu, is a modern derivative of traditional ninjutsu. This style was founded by Tafan Hong in 2005 who holds rank in the tradiional Bujinkan Ninjutsu System and was inducted into the U.S.A. Martial Arts Hall of Fame in 2008. This modernized style is based on the principles of traditional ninjutsu, but are executed in a more modern style.
Controversy and opposition.
Concerns about modern schools of ninjutsu relate to the schools' claims to authenticity (direct lines of tutelage from the ancient schools) and secondly, to claims of notability by those who operate them. For example, some ask whether modern schools of ninjutsu qualify as "Koryū".
The concerns about authenticity are voiced by historians of koryu arts and by representatives of the Iga Ninja Museum of Japan. Some have suggested there are no longer any true ninjutsu schools.
Controversial figures in modern ninjutsu.
Hatsumi.
In August 1960, Masaaki Hatsumi said he had studied under Takashi Ueno from when he was 24 to 29 years of age. He said he sometimes wrote letters to Ueno's teacher, Toshitsugu Takamatsu. However, the certificate which Takamatsu gave to Hatsumi, that named Hatsumi the 34th head of "Togakure ryu" is dated March, 1958. Furthermore, there is no documentation of the previous 33 holders of this title. There are films of Hatsumi and Ueno training together over a long period of several years. Furthermore, Takamatsu confirmed that Hatsumi had been training with him since 1958. In November 1963, Hatsumi said he was training with Takamatsu once every three months, on weekends.
Kiyoshi Watatani (editor of the "Bugeicyo" magazine in 1963), suggested Hatsumi's lineage was Hatsumi's notion alone and that Hatsumi had no proof of it.
Sources of the history of ninjutsu are the "Kakutogi No Rekishi" (which lists Bujinkan Ryuha - Hatsumi's organization) and the historian and author, Yumio Nawa. In 1972, Nawa confirmed the historic status of the 12th century tradition, the togakure ryu.
In 1978, the Bugei Ryūha Daijiten said of the Takamatsu togakure-ryu,
In "Shinobi no sengokushi" (August, 2004) Hatsumi said he trained under Toshitsugu Takamatsu's tutelage for 15 years and became master of 9 systems at age 27. He has elected not to pass the system on to an heir.
Dux.
The validity of Dux's claims which have been disputed include his martial arts credentials; his fighting in the "Kumite"; and his prior military service.
In 1998, in the Los Angeles superior court, Dux and Jean Claude Van Damme were opposing litigants.
In 2004, Ralph Keyes (writer for the LA Times) wrote,
Kim.
No evidence is available recording where Ashida Kim's training took place, or who trained him. Demonstrating his martial arts knowledge in a video interview released on YouTube, Kim says that the first five forms learned in Goju Ryu, Shotokan, Wado Ryu, Isshin Ryu, and "hard Korean martial arts" are all identical. In 2003, Kim stated in an interview with "The Believer" magazine, that he has been associated with the Black Dragon Fighting Society (BDFS) since meeting its head, Count Dante, in 1968. In the same article he indicates that the BDFS is descended from a 6,000 year old Chinese school called the "Polestar school" which has been preserving knowledge since the fall of Atlantis.

</doc>
<doc id="18823538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823538" title="V15">
V15

V15 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18823547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823547" title="Bakary Saré">
Bakary Saré

Bakary Bouba Saré (born 5 May 1990 in Abidjan) is a Belgian footballer of Ivorian heritage who plays for UAE side Al Ain.
Career.
Anderlecht.
Saré made his debut in the Belgian Pro League for R.S.C. Anderlecht in a match against R.A.E.C. Mons on 22 December 2007, when he came from bench.
He played 26 league matches, 10 UEFA Europa League matches and 2 UEFA Champions League matches for the Belgian giants.
Rosenborg.
Bakary Saré joined Rosenborg BK on 31 August 2010 with a one-year loan contract, playing only 3 league matches but scoring 4 presences in UEFA Europa League.
After a short spell he returned to Belgium to play nine more matches for R.S.C. Anderlecht in the first part of the 2010/2011 season.
CFR Cluj.
On 23 February 2011, he signed a three and a half years contract with the Romanian Liga I club CFR Cluj for an undisclosed fee.
Dinamo Zagreb.
In July 2013, Bouba was transferred to Dinamo Zagreb. Despite news in Romanian media saying he was transferred for €500k, he joined the club on a half-year loan with an option to buy.
Al Ain.
On 20 January 2014, he joined UAE Arabian Gulf League side Al Ain on a six-month loan deal.

</doc>
<doc id="18823550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823550" title="Milna (disambiguation)">
Milna (disambiguation)

Milna is a village and a municipality on the western side of island of Brač; Split-Dalmatia County, Croatia.
Milna may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18823560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823560" title="Kinnal Craft">
Kinnal Craft

Kinnal Craft or Kinhal Craft (), is a traditional wooden craft local to the town of Kinhal, or Kinnal, in Koppal District, North Karnataka, India.
The town is famous for Kinhal toys and religious idols. 
This village is famous for Kinnal Craft. Recently this Craft has been granted Geographical Indication and its GI Application number is 213*.
History.
Kinhal has an immensely rich artistic heritage. It was once a flourishing centre for crafts, the most well-known being exquisite carvings in wood. The famous mural paintings in the Pampapateshwara Temple, and the intricate work on the wooden chariot at Hampi, are said to be the work of the ancestors of the Kinhal artisans of today. Old paper tracings found in the ancestral house of one of the artisans further substantiates this belief. 
In 2007, students from the University of Glasgow and Glasgow School of Art in collaboration with the Crafts Council of Karnataka, facilitated a project with local students and craftsmen, in an attempt to revive the Kinhal craft.
Method.
The artisans are called "chitragars". Lightweight wood is used for the toys. The paste used for joining the various parts is made of tamarind seeds and pebbles. Jute rags, soaked, slivered into pieces, dried, powdered, and mixed with saw dust and tamarind seed paste is made into "kitta". A mixture of pebble powder paste with liquid gum is used for embossing the ornamentation and jewellery on the body of the figure. Once the components of the figure are assembled, "kitta" is applied by hand all over, and small pieces of cotton are stuck on it with the tamarind paste. Over this is applied the pebble paste which forms the base for the application of paint. 
Previously, toys depicting people involved in various occupations were popular; now the preference is for figures, animals, and birds. Garuda, the epic bird, has 12 components while Lord Ganesha on a throne has 22 components. The styling is realistic and the designing and chiseling has a master touch. In the festival season, clay toys and images are made, often out of cowdung and sawdust.
Transport.
There are buses from Koppal town to Kinnal Village on regular basis. Nearest major town is Koppal. From Koppal one catch buses and trains to other places.
Kinnala Tableau in Republic Day Parade.
The State of Karnataka displayed a tableau themed on Kinnala Craft in India's Republic Day parade of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18823582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823582" title="Cheikhou Kouyaté">
Cheikhou Kouyaté

Cheikhou Kouyaté (born 21 December 1989) is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a centre back for Anderlecht in the Belgian Pro League.
Career.
Kouyaté began his footballing career in 1996 in his hometown with ASC Yego Dakar and was scouted by FC Brussels in September 2006. Brussels then signed the player in January the following year.
Then the 19-year-old left FC Brussels as his former employers did not pay him three months of wage, he subsequently moved to Belgian rivals R.S.C. Anderlecht on a four-year deal for a free transfer.

</doc>
<doc id="18823588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823588" title="Orthotaenia undulana">
Orthotaenia undulana

Orthotaenia undulana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 15–20 mm. The moth flies from May to mid August. .
The larvae feed on honeysuckle, "Vaccinium", pine and birch.

</doc>
<doc id="18823597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823597" title="Ieuan Gwyllt">
Ieuan Gwyllt

Ieuan Gwyllt was the bardic name of Welsh musician and minister John Roberts (22 December 1822 - 14 May 1877). His bardic name is derived from the nome de plume he used whilst writing poetry as a boy, 'Ieuan Gwyllt Gelltydd Melindwr' ("John of the Wild Woods near the Mill Tower"). He was born at Tanrhiwfelen, a house just outside Aberystwyth, and died in Caernarfon on 14 May 1877. He was buried at Caeathro cemetery near Caernarfon.
Biography.
Roberts worked as a clerk to a company of druggists in Aberystwyth, but after two years started to teach at the Skinner Street School. After only a few months, however, he enrolled at the Borough Road Training College in London where he stayed for nine months. On his return to Aberystwyth in 1845 he opened a school. After only nine months there, however, he left to become clerk to a firm of solicitors where he stayed for nearly seven years. In 1852 he became assistant editor of "Yr Amserau", a Welsh newspaper based in Liverpool.
On 15 June 1856 he preached his first sermon at Runcorn and in 1858 he moved to Aberdare to edit "Y Gwladgarwr". The following year he was married to Jane Richards of Aberystwyth. In 1859 he was asked to become minister of Pant-tywyll Calvinistic Methodist church in Merthyr Tydfil and was ordained on 7 August 1861 at the Newcastle Emlyn Association.
Although composing music from an early age, it was not until 1859 that he produced "Llyfr Tonau Cynulleidfaolfter" a labour of some six years, with which publication began a new era of Welsh congregational hymn singing. Roberts founded a number of regional musical festivals - the Gwent and Morgannwg in 1854, the Gŵyl Eryri in 1866, and the Gŵyl Ardudwy in 1868. In the 1870s he travelled widely throughout Wales, lecturing on congregational music.
Form 1861 until 1865 he was the editor and publisher of the Welsh periodical "Y Cerddor Cymreig" and he remained its editor until 1873.
In 1864 he produced a Tonic Sol-fa edition of his own "Llyfr Tonau Cynulleidfaol" and founded "Cerddor y Tonic Solffa" in 1869 of which he was editor until 1874. In 1865 he became minister of Capel Coch Calvinistic Methodist church in Llanberis where he remained until his retirement in 1869 to Y Fron, Llanfaglan, near Caernarvon. In 1874 he issued "Sŵn y Jiwbili" an arrangement in Welsh of Moody and Sankey hymns and tunes.
Roberts was the writer of the Welsh hymns "Mae d'eisiau, O mae d'eisiau" (the English version of which, "I Need Thee Every Hour", was written in 1872 by Annie S. Hawks) and of "Gwahoddiad".

</doc>
<doc id="18823599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823599" title="Colourpoint Books">
Colourpoint Books

Colourpoint Books are an independent, family-owned publisher based in Newtownards, Northern Ireland. They specialise in local history and educational textbooks.
Colourpoint are the primary supplier of educational textbooks for new CCEA A-level specifications in Northern Ireland and are the largest publisher of educational textbooks in Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="18823600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823600" title="La Brosse">
La Brosse

La Brosse is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18823626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823626" title="Olethreutes arcuella">
Olethreutes arcuella

__NOTOC__
Olethreutes arcuella is a colorful small moth species of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The adults' wingspan is 14–18 mm. The caterpillars feed on dead and dried out leaves and similar plant material.
Synonyms.
Junior synonyms of this species are:

</doc>
<doc id="18823628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823628" title="Houston Harte University Center">
Houston Harte University Center

The Houston Harte University Center serves the recreational and community needs of students at Angelo State University in San Angelo, Texas, U.S. The center was named for Houston Harte, founder of the Harte-Hanks media company and a contributor to the university. It measures over 110,000 sq. ft. making it one of the larger student centers in the country. The center is ranked 22nd nationally in the "The 25 Most Amazing Campus Student Unions" rankings by Best College Reviews.
The center houses the Student Life Office, the Center for Student Involvement, the campus bookstore, Student Senate offices, the C.J. Davidson Conference Center and the Student Credit Union. For student recreation, it offers multiple pool tables, ping pong tables, air hockey tables, as well as multiple large flat screen plasma televisions equipped with Xbox 360 game consoles and a 12-foot projection screen for student use. In addition to the Main University Food Center the University Center snack bar features pizza, Chinese cuisine, breakfast burritos, and American grill food stands, as well as Starbucks, Chick-fil-A, and Blimpie Subs and Salads.

</doc>
<doc id="18823634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823634" title="Adam von Buhler">
Adam von Buhler

Adam von Buhler is a producer and musician, currently one half of the rock duo Anarchy Club, and a former member of the band Splashdown. He plays drums, bass, guitar and other instruments, and works the studio gear. Although he plays most of the instruments heard on Anarchy Club recordings and is responsible for the guitar solos, he solely plays bass guitar live, when the band adds a drummer and rhythm guitarist.
He has no formal musical training and plays entirely by ear.
His name appears as either Adam Buhler or Adam von Buhler from project to project. He is the former husband of the artist Cynthia von Buhler.
In the 90s, he was a co-founder of the Boston indie record label and art group, Castle von Buhler.
In late 2010, he introduced a new project, a duo with Scottish singer Alice Ishbel Watson, under the name of Map & Key.

</doc>
<doc id="18823645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823645" title="California Insurance Commissioner election, 1998">
California Insurance Commissioner election, 1998

The 1998 California Insurance Commissioner election occurred on November 3, 1998. The primary elections took place on June 3, 1998. The Republican incumbent, Chuck Quackenbush, narrowly defeated the Democratic nominee, State Assemblywoman Diane Martinez.
Primary results.
Final results from the Secretary of State of California 
Election results.
Final results from the Secretary of State of California.

</doc>
<doc id="18823653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823653" title="Orthogonality principle">
Orthogonality principle

In statistics and signal processing, the orthogonality principle is a necessary and sufficient condition for the optimality of a Bayesian estimator. Loosely stated, the orthogonality principle says that the error vector of the optimal estimator (in a mean square error sense) is orthogonal to any possible estimator. The orthogonality principle is most commonly stated for linear estimators, but more general formulations are possible. Since the principle is a necessary and sufficient condition for optimality, it can be used to find the minimum mean square error estimator.
Orthogonality principle for linear estimators.
The orthogonality principle is most commonly used in the setting of linear estimation. In this context, let "x" be an unknown random vector which is to be estimated based on the observation vector "y". One wishes to construct a linear estimator formula_1 for some matrix "H" and vector "c". Then, the orthogonality principle states that an estimator formula_2 achieves minimum mean square error if and only if
If "x" and "y" have zero mean, then it suffices to require the first condition.
Example.
Suppose "x" is a Gaussian random variable with mean "m" and variance formula_5 Also suppose we observe a value formula_6 where "w" is Gaussian noise which is independent of "x" and has mean 0 and variance formula_7 We wish to find a linear estimator formula_8 minimizing the MSE. Substituting the expression formula_9 into the two requirements of the orthogonality principle, we obtain
and
Solving these two linear equations for "h" and "c" results in
so that the linear minimum mean square error estimator is given by
This estimator can be interpreted as a weighted average between the noisy measurements "y" and the prior expected value "m". If the noise variance formula_18 is low compared with the variance of the prior minus the squared mean formula_19 (corresponding to a high SNR), then most of the weight is given to the measurements "y", which are deemed more reliable than the prior information. Conversely, if the noise variance is relatively higher, then the estimate will be close to "m", as the measurements are not reliable enough to outweigh the prior information.
Finally, note that because the variables "x" and "y" are jointly Gaussian, the minimum MSE estimator is linear. Therefore, in this case, the estimator above minimizes the MSE among all estimators, not only linear estimators.
General formulation.
Let formula_20 be a Hilbert space of random variables with an inner product defined by formula_21. Suppose formula_22 is a closed subspace of formula_20, representing the space of all possible estimators. One wishes to find a vector formula_24 which will approximate a vector formula_25. More accurately, one would like to minimize the mean squared error (MSE) formula_26 between formula_2 and formula_28.
In the special case of linear estimators described above, the space formula_20 is the set of all functions of formula_28 and formula_31, while formula_22 is the set of linear estimators, i.e., linear functions of formula_31 only. Other settings which can be formulated in this way include the subspace of causal linear filters and the subspace of all (possibly nonlinear) estimators.
Geometrically, we can see this problem by the following simple case where formula_22 is a one-dimensional subspace:
We want to find the closest approximation to the vector formula_28 by a vector formula_2 in the space formula_22. From the geometric interpretation, it is intuitive that the best approximation, or smallest error, occurs when the error vector, formula_38, is orthogonal to vectors in the space formula_22. 
More accurately, the general orthogonality principle states the following: Given a closed subspace formula_22 of estimators within a Hilbert space formula_20 and an element formula_28 in formula_20, an element formula_24 achieves minimum MSE among all elements in formula_22 if and only if formula_46 for all formula_47
Stated in such a manner, this principle is simply a statement of the Hilbert projection theorem. Nevertheless, the extensive use of this result in signal processing has resulted in the name "orthogonality principle."
A solution to error minimization problems.
The following is one way to find the minimum mean square error estimator by using the orthogonality principle.
We want to be able to approximate a vector formula_28 by 
where
is the approximation of formula_28 as a linear combination of vectors in the subspace formula_22 spanned by formula_53 Therefore, we want to be able to solve for the coefficients, formula_54, so that we may write our approximation in known terms.
By the orthogonality theorem, the square norm of the error vector, formula_55, is minimized when, for all "j",
Developing this equation, we obtain
If there is a finite number formula_58 of vectors formula_59, one can write this equation in matrix form as
Assuming the formula_59 are linearly independent, the Gramian matrix can be inverted to obtain
thus providing an expression for the coefficients formula_63 of the minimum mean square error estimator.

</doc>
<doc id="18823674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823674" title="Gaumina">
Gaumina

Gaumina is the largest interactive agency in the Baltics, providing services of web design, web development, online advertising, video, multimedia, mobile and viral. 
Founded in 1998, Gaumina accounts for 39 percent of the Lithuanian interactive market and has completed more than 2000 online projects.
Since 2004 the company has been operating in the UK and Ireland as Gaumina.co.uk.
The agency was named "Digital Agency of the Year" by International advertising festival Golden Hammer in September 2008.
The agency also won the main prize at the best at Best Use of Film, Digital Animation or Motion Graphics category by the Irish Golden Spider awards in November 2008. 
In 2007 Gaumina gained wide media coverage for winning three awards in three days. A website developed by Gaumina won the Best Social Networking website award at the same the Irish Golden Spiders awards. A website developed by Gaumina was named among the 21 best European multimedia projects of 2007 in the final of Europrix Top Talent Award in Austria. The company was also named one of the winners of the national Innovation Prize 2007, awarding the Lithuania's most innovative companies, in the category of Innovative Enterprise.
The company works on projects for Procter & Gamble, Nokia, Nissan, Unilever, YX Energi, 7UP, Vodafone, MTV, Dunnes Stores, Philip Morris, FIBA Europe as well as Irish public sector. 
Gaumina is currently managed by CEO Darius Bagdžiūnas.

</doc>
<doc id="18823683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823683" title="Shangba">
Shangba

Shangba () is a village of about 3,300 in Guangdong Province, China. It is an agricultural village, with rice and sugar cane being major crops. Recently, the village has come to be known as China's "Village of Death" due to the extremely high incidence of cancer in its population.
In addition, the local river, the Hengshui River, known locally as "The Dead River", is Shangba's only water supply, has become so polluted that it is endangering the heath of those living nearby. One of the major pollutants in the river and well water is lead, which a provincial research institute reported as being present in the well water at some fifteen times what the national government set as a maximum acceptable rate for drinking water.
The presumed source of the pollution is the Dabaoshan Mine for zinc, once Asia's largest mine for this mineral. The village's crops are also highly contaminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18823690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823690" title="Offshore Campus">
Offshore Campus

An Offshore Campus, or overseas branch campus, is a franchised operation that a tertiary or higher education institution creates in order to expand its operations beyond the borders of where it is mainly based, often with the bidding of the host country's government. The theory behind this idea is the provision of a tertiary institution's programs to potential students, through direct contact with the tertiary institution's own faculty and with its own facilities, rather than surrendering the responsibility to private offshore course providers who may offer courses approved by rival institutions. 
Setting up an Offshore Campus also allows potential students to study for an institution's program at a much lesser cost than studying in the country where the institution is located. Many American, Australian, British and Canadian tertiary institutions have used this model to expand their operations overseas, particularly in Asia and the Middle East. Additionally, the majority of programs offered are Business-Related.
Notable Examples.
Australian Institutions with Offshore Campuses.
Curtin University of Technology
Monash University
Murdoch University
Swinburne University of Technology
University of Wollongong
British Institutions with Offshore Campuses.
Heriot-Watt University
Newcastle University Medical School
Queen Margaret University
University of Chester
University of Nottingham
University of Reading
University of Southampton
University College London
Canadian Institutions with Offshore Campuses.
University of New Brunswick
University of Calgary
Chinese Institutions with Offshore Campuses.
Shanghai Jiao Tong University
Xiamen University
Egyptian Institutions with Offshore Campuses.
Al-Azhar University
French Institutions with Offshore Campuses.
Paris-Sorbonne University
HEC Paris
Indian Institutions with Offshore Campuses.
Birla Institute of Technology and Science
Jaipur National University
Manipal University
Malaysian Institutions with Offshore Campuses.
Limkokwing University of Creative Technology
Allianze University College of Medical Sciences
South Korean Institutions with Offshore Campuses.
Hanyang University 
Swiss Institutions with Offshore Campuses.
École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne
US American Institutions with Offshore Campuses.
American InterContinental University
Carnegie Mellon University 
Cornell University
Georgetown University 
Harvard Medical School
New York University 
Northwestern University 
Texas A&M University 
Virginia Commonwealth University

</doc>
<doc id="18823717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823717" title="Jason M. Mack">
Jason M. Mack

Jason Miller Mack (March 17, 1843 – 1927) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Queen's County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1882 to 1886 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Mill Village, Queens County, Nova Scotia, the son of Jason Mack and Augusta Miller of United Empire Loyalist descent, and was educated at King's College in Windsor. He was called to the bar in 1869. In 1878, he married Minnie Kellaher. Mack was the first warden for Queen's County. He served as stipendiary magistrate for the Liverpool police district. In 1889, he was named to the province's Legislative Council. He died in Liverpool.

</doc>
<doc id="18823722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823722" title="Ange de Saint Joseph">
Ange de Saint Joseph

Ange de Saint Joseph (secular name Joseph de la Brosse) (b. at Toulouse, 1636; d. at Perpignan, 1697) was a French missionary friar of the Order of Discalced Carmelites. He was a linguist, and wrote works on Oriental pharmacology. 
Life.
In 1662 he took up the study of Arabic in the convent of San Pancrazio in Rome, under Celestino à San-Liduvina, brother of the Orientalist Golius. In 1664 he was sent to the East as missionary, and while visiting Smyrna and Ispahan was instructed in Persian by Balthazar, a Portuguese Carmelite. 
He passed ten years in Persia and Arabia, acting as prior at Ispahan and, later, at Basra. On the capture of the latter place by the Turks, he went to Constantinople and succeeded in gaining for his mission the protection of the Sultan, through the mediation of the French ambassador.
He was recalled to Rome in 1679, and in 1680 was made superior of missions in the Netherlands, England, and Ireland, where he spent many years. He was Provincial in his order at the time of his death. 
Works.
His writings are: 
Hyde ("Biographia Britannica", cited by Langlès, "Biographie universelle") asserts that the credit for this work really belongs to Père Matthieu. 
Another work by Ange de Saint Joseph, which is praised by Bernier, Pétis de la Croix, and Chardin is 
a grammar with a dictionary in Latin, Italian, and French.

</doc>
<doc id="18823730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823730" title="Jafferkhanpet">
Jafferkhanpet

Jafferkhanpet is a locality of Chennai, India. Guindy, K.K. Nagar, Ashok Nagar, MGR Nagar, Saidapet are its neighbourhood suburbs. You can reach Jafferkhanpet by travelling in the newly constructed Guindy flyover. This allows easier access to Vadapalani, Koyambedu bus stand in Chennai.
Transportation.
Railway station,Airport,Busterminus.
The Suburban Railway station in Guindy is the closest station to Jafferkhanpet. Chennai International Airport is located at a distance of 8 km. CMBT Bus terminus is located at a distance of 7 km and it is accessible by many MTC buses (Approx. journey time 30 to 45 mins). The nearest bus depot is K.K.Nagar.
Buses.
Most of the buses goes to South Tamil Nadu,Kerala,Pondicherry will go via Jafferkhanpet and Kasi Theatre stopping is one of the landmark. All the buses including setc will stop at kasi theater. bus stop located very nearer to kasi junction.
There are frequent bus services to Velachery, Guindy, CHENNAI AIRPORT, Tambaram, Mamallapuram, Thiruvanmiyur, Redhills, Avadi, Besant Nagar, Chennai Central and Egmore & Koyambedu from this place.
Particularly 5E covers this area from Kasi theatre to Raghavan colony.
Metro(Proposed).
Plans have been finalised by the local government to build a Metro. The tentative year of completion is 2013. K.K. Nagar metro station comes very nearer to kasi (abt 1 minute walk from kasi theater).
Places.
Kasi Junction.
Kasi theatre signal is one of the busiest junctions (especially in peak hours) in this route. From this junction it connects Saidapet, K.K.Nagar, Guindy, CMBT, AIRPORT etc.
Localities Of Jafferkhanpet.
R. Venkatraman nagar, Anjugam nagar, Raghavan colony, Pillaiyar koil st, Mangai street, Valluvar street, Gnanaoli street, Gnanamani street, Kasi estate, Thiru nagar, Vasudevan nagar, Kabilar street, Sapthagiri colony, Sekar nagar, Pari nagar, Deivanambi street, Gangaiamman koil street, S.V.Chidambaram salai,
Schools and Colleges.
The most famous Little Flower Matriculation Higher secondary school, Ashok nagar
PSBB K.K.Nagar School is located within 2 km. 
Jawahar Vidyalaya school in Ashok Nagar is located within 2 km.
M.A.K Matriculation Higher Secondary School at Thiru Nagar in ashoknagar (backside of kasi theatre (abt 5 mins walk from kasi theatre).
Restaurants.
Hotel Saravana Bhavan
Hotel Rathna
KFC
McDonald
The Grand Sweets
Krishna Sweets..
Housing.
Numerous apartments, Housing boards are special in this locality.
Clinics.
Hariharasudhan Physiotherapy clinic, 66thstreet, RV nagar.
Temples.
Karumariamman koil, 66th Street, RV nagar.
Kangaiamman Koil
Anjaneyar koil
Pillayar koil 
And a lot of Small Temples
Bridges.
The Kasi theatre Bridge over the Adyar River is one the famous bridges in this locality
Software Companies.
VIRTUSA, IBM.
Banks.
State Bank of India (with ATM facility)
Indian Bank (with ATM facility)
Indian Overseas Bank (with ATM facility)
Bank of Maharashtra (with ATM facility)
Allahabad Bank
Politics.
G. Senthamizhan, (ADMK) has been selected as MLA of this constituency from April 2011.
Travels.
Harini Cabs
mobile :9080424919
All type of cars available
Entertainment.
Kasi Theater and Vijaya Theater is located at Kasi Theater junction.
Serviced Apartment.
Peacock Enclave Serviced Apartment 

</doc>
<doc id="18823741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823741" title="Balakirev the Buffoon">
Balakirev the Buffoon

Balakirev The Buffoon is a 2002 Russian televised version of 1999 Lenkom theatrical 
presentation, written by Grigori Gorin.
Genre - Tragic comedy. Produced by KinoMost and Winburgh Holdings Ltd. Runtime - 162 min. Language - Russian.
Theatrical version directed by Mark Zakharov, televised version by Nikolay Skuyibin.
Cinematography by Evgeniy Guslinski, Vladimir Fostenko, Alexey Naidenov, Yuli Olshvang. Stage director - Oleg Sheintsis. Composer - Sergey Rudnitskiy. Executive producer - Felix Kleiman, producer - Vladimir Dostal.
Plot summary.
Buffoon of the court circle, Ivan Balakirev, is a constant participant of the Tzar's festivities and buffoonery. Under the will of the circumstances he was drawn into the intricate relations inside the court and inside the royal family...
Balakirev in reality.
Based on a real story set time in a Peter The Great era.
Ivan Alexandrovich Balakirev was a trusted servant of Peter I and Catherine I since 1699. In the time of the empress Anne he became an official court buffoon.
One of the version around the Balakirev surname etymology is that it formed from "Bala kire", a tatar for "stubborn kid".
Xenofont Polevoy published a book entitled "Collection of anecdotes by Balakirev", using the real name of Ivan Balakirev as his pseudonym. It's in fact a collection from various people and sources.

</doc>
<doc id="18823742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823742" title="Orosz">
Orosz

Orosz:
"Orosz" is a Hungarian word meant "Russian" (exactly Rusyns, Ukrainians).

</doc>
<doc id="18823750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823750" title="Notocelia uddmanniana">
Notocelia uddmanniana

The Bramble Shoot Moth ("Notocelia uddmanniana") is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Western Europe and the area surrounding the Mediterranean Sea all the way up to the Caucasus and Iran.
The wingspan is 15–20 mm. The moth flies from late June to late July. .
The larvae feed on various "Rubus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="18823757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823757" title="Roman Catholic dioceses in Great Britain">
Roman Catholic dioceses in Great Britain

The Roman Catholic dioceses in Great Britain are organised by two separate hierarchies: the Roman Catholic Church in England and Wales, the Roman Catholic Church in Scotland. Within Great Britain, the Roman Catholic Church of England and Wales has five provinces subdivided into 22 dioceses and the Roman Catholic Church of Scotland has two provinces subdivided into 6 dioceses. The Roman Catholic dioceses in Northern Ireland are organised together with those in the Republic of Ireland as the Church was not divided when civil authority in Ireland was partitioned in the 1920s.
For details about the dioceses in these two jurisdictions see:

</doc>
<doc id="18823772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823772" title="Eoin Rheinisch">
Eoin Rheinisch

Eoin Rheinisch (born 21 February 1980 in Dublin) is an Irish slalom canoeist and three-time Olympic competitor. From Leixlip, County Kildare, he is also noted for his involvement in Gaelic games, having been appointed in 2009 to assist in physical preparations with the Westmeath senior football team.
Olympic record.
Rheinisch competed at the Summer Olympic Games in 2004, 2008 and 2012.
He competed in the 2004 Olympic K-1 event where he finished 21st of 25 overall, exiting the competition after the heats.
He came fourth in the 2008 Olympics K-1 event. His performance in the Olympic Final was the best ever achievement by an Irish competitor in this event. Previously Ian Wiley finished fifth in the same event at the Atlanta Olympics.
Rheinisch competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and qualified for the semifinals of the K-1 event, but failed to make it to the finals after incurring a 50 second penalty for missing an upstream gate. He finished in 14th place.
Family.
Irish marathon champion Gary Crossan is his cousin.

</doc>
<doc id="18823786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823786" title="Barry's">
Barry's

Barry's may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18823796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823796" title="Notocelia rosaecolana">
Notocelia rosaecolana

Notocelia rosaecolana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone. The moth closely resembles "Notocelia trimaculana" and "Notocelia roborana"
The wingspan is 15–20 mm. The moth flies from late May to August. .
The larvae feed on various roses.

</doc>
<doc id="18823806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823806" title="Queen mother">
Queen mother

A Queen mother is a dowager queen who is the mother of the reigning monarch. The term has been used in English since at least 1577. It arises in hereditary monarchies in Europe and is also used to describe a number of similar yet distinct monarchical concepts in non-European cultures around the world.
""The" Queen Mother" usually refers to Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, 1900-2002 (queen, 1936-1952; queen mother, 1952-2002), who was the mother of Queen Elizabeth II. She was extremely popular during her very long life, and remains popular today more than a decade after her death.
Status.
A widowed queen consort, or dowager queen, has an important royal position (regardless whether or not she is the mother of the reigning sovereign) but does not normally have any rights to succeed a king as monarch on his death unless she happens to be next in line to the throne, and would thus be re-crowned as Queen Regnant.
A new reigning King would have (at accession or eventually) a wife who would be the new Queen consort; and, of course, a Queen regnant would also be called 'Queen'. More to the point, there may be more than one Queen Dowager at any given time.
The title 'Queen Mother' evolved to distinguish a Queen Dowager from all other queens, when she is also the mother of the reigning sovereign. Thus, upon the death of her husband, King George V, Queen Mary became Queen Mary, The Queen Mother, during the reigns of her sons, King Edward VIII and King George VI. Upon the death of George VI, she became Queen Mary, The Queen Dowager, as Elizabeth, her daughter-in-law and mother of her granddaughter Elizabeth II, became Queen Mother.
The title also distinguishes a monarch's mother who was not previously a queen consort. For example, The Duchess of Kent was "the Queen's mother" when her daughter Victoria became queen regnant but she was "not" "queen mother". It should be noted, however, that the title in British usage is purely a courtesy title. Whereas the wife of a king must be "queen", there is no constitutional or statutory recognition of the "Queen Mother" as a "real" title.
As the king's or queen's mother, the queen mother is typically supported throughout her remaining years and given honour as a beloved relative, but has no official position or power. She is expected to carefully abstain from any involvement in governance or politics. Elsewhere, the position she occupies is somewhat more ritualistic in nature.
In Swaziland, for example, a kingdom located in Southern Africa, the Queen Mother, or Ndlovukati, reigns alongside her son. She serves as a ceremonial figurehead, while her son serves as the administrative head of state. He has absolute power. She is important at festivals such as the annual reed dance ceremony.
In many matrilineal societies of West Africa, such as the Ashanti, the queen mother is the one through whom royal descent is reckoned and thus wields considerable power. One of the greatest leaders of Ashanti was Nana Yaa Asantewaa (1840–1921), who led her subjects against the British Empire during the War of the Golden Stool in 1900.
In more symbolically driven societies such as the kingdoms of the Yoruba peoples, the "queen mother" may not even be a blood relative of the reigning monarch. She could be a female individual of any age who is vested with the ritual essence of the departed queens in a ceremonial sense, and who is practically regarded as the monarch's mother as a result. A good example is Oloye Erelu Kuti of Lagos, who has been seen as the "iya oba" or queen mother of every succeeding king of that realm, due to the activities of the three successors to her noble title that have reigned since her demise.
In Britain, Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother served as a Counsellor of State several times. She had always been and remains a popular figure.
Recent British Queens Mother.
The following queens became queen mothers, though not all chose to use that style.
Other notable queen mothers in history.
The title "queen mother" has been widely used. Other well-known queen mothers include:
"King mother".
Diana, Princess of Wales, reportedly once suggested to journalist Andrew Morton (author of "Diana: Her True Story") that when her son, Prince William, became king, she would be known as "King Mother". No such designation has ever officially existed, nor is there independent evidence that such terminology was ever considered. "Queen mother" means "queen who is mother to the current monarch", not "mother of the queen"; "king mother" is a contradiction in terms.
However, of note, and possibly Diana's basis for the idea, is the style "My Lady The King's Mother", held by Margaret Beaufort during the reign of her son, Henry VII of England. In the Strontium Dog story "The Royal Affair" in 2000 AD a few years earlier, the mother of the reigning King was referred to in-story as the King Mother.
King father.
If a king were to abdicate and pass the throne to his child, then in that case the king could have his son or daughter style him as a king father. King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia was styled as HM King-Father Norodom Sihanouk when he abdicated in favor of his son. When His Majesty King Albert II of the Belgians abdicated in 2013 his style shorted to His Majesty King Albert (as did King Leopold's before him); "king father" is the name of his role rather than forming part of his style or title.

</doc>
<doc id="18823819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823819" title="Lobesia botrana">
Lobesia botrana

The European Grapevine Moth, Lobesia botrana, is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Southern Europe, North Africa, Anatolia and the Caucasus.
The wingspan is 12–13 mm.
The larvae feed on the flowers and fruit of grape and certain other plants. It is considered a major vineyard pest in its native range.
The moth was found in the Napa Valley of California in October 2009, the first record in the United States. Confirmation of that detection led to increased trapping and surveys that have since detected the pest at several sites in the county. On March 9, 2010, the California Department of Food and Agriculture (CDFA) announced it had established a quarantine of including portions of Napa, Sonoma and Solano counties. The quarantine affects movement of host material from inside the infested area. As of May 12, 2010, Fresno county was also placed under quarantine after traps near Kingsburg, California contained two specimens within of one another. Mexico has also notified the USDA that no fruit from this county will be accepted for import into Mexico which will greatly impact California stonefruit and grapes.

</doc>
<doc id="18823825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823825" title="Francesco D'Aniello">
Francesco D'Aniello

Francesco D'Aniello (born 21 March 1969 in Nettuno) is an Italian trap shooter. At the 2008 Summer Olympics he won the silver medal in the men's double trap event. After realizing he had won silver, D'Aniello was overcome with emotion and collapsed to his knees weeping.

</doc>
<doc id="18823843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823843" title="Howard M. Wiseman">
Howard M. Wiseman

Howard Mark Wiseman (born 19 June 1968) is a theoretical quantum physicist notable for his work on quantum feedback control, quantum measurements, quantum information, fundamental questions in quantum mechanics, and open quantum systems.
Early life.
Wiseman was born in Brisbane, Australia and received his B.Sc.(Hons) in Physics from the University of Queensland in 1991. He completed his PhD in physics under Gerard J. Milburn at the University of Queensland in 1994, with a thesis entitled "Quantum Trajectories and Feedback."
Career.
After his PhD, Wiseman undertook a postdoc under Dan Walls at the University of Auckland. From 1996 to 2009 he held Australian Research Council (ARC) research fellowships. He is currently a Physics Professor at Griffith University, where he is the Director of the "Centre for Quantum Dynamics". He is also an Executive Node Manager in the "Centre for Quantum Computation and Communication Technology", an ARC Centre of Excellence.
Honors.
His awards include the Bragg Medal of the Australian Institute of Physics, the Pawsey Medal of the Australian Academy of Science and the Malcolm Macintosh Medal, one of the Prime Minister's Prizes for Science. He is a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science, and a Fellow of the American Physical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18823850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823850" title="Homona spargotis">
Homona spargotis

The Avocado Leafroller "(Homona spargotis)" is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Australasia ecozone.
The wingspan is ca. 3 cm for males and 2 cm for females.
The larvae feed on Avocado, Coffeaen, Camellia sinensis, Custard-apple and Bilimbi. The species is considered a pest.

</doc>
<doc id="18823851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823851" title="Cor Gillis">
Cor Gillis

Cor Gillis (born 31 March 1989 in Anderlecht) is a Belgian association football player who currently plays for FCV Dender EH in the Belgian Second Division.
Career.
Coming from the Anderlecht youth squad, Cor Gillis started his professional career in the 2006–2007 season for the Belgian champions. He suffered an injury in his debut for the team and had to return in the next season with only 1 cap.
Altogether he has made around 1900 minutes of play for the Belgian Champs in the Belgian league. He also starred in the UEFA Cup.
Gillis made a substitute appearance of 1 minute against Bayern in the UEFA Cup last year.
In 2008, Cor didn't even have a contract at Anderlecht, he was there simply as a youth player who sometimes trained with the first squad, although he was a member of their reserve team. He was hoping for some playing minutes in the Belgian cup, but never played as Anderlecht bought a new defender.
Then went from R.S.C. Anderlecht to K.V. Mechelen on 27 January 2009.
International.
The 2007–2008 season saw him make more appearances with Anderlecht and make his way into the Belgian U-17's (now in the Belgian U-20's). He later made another 9 appearances, gaining 14 caps in the 2007/2008 season.
This season, he has made another 10 caps, making his total appearances up to a total over 25.
Cor Gillis was the captain for the Belgians U-17 and was regarded as a great prospect then, but now it looks he is passed by numerous other Belgian talents.

</doc>
<doc id="18823854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823854" title="Carlo Ljubek">
Carlo Ljubek

Carlo Ljubek (born May 21, 1976 in Bocholt, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German actor.
Life.
Carlo Ljubek was born as a son of Croatian migrants in Bocholt, Germany. He graduated after his actor's training 2002 in Munich, Germany at the Otto-Falckenberg-School. At the intimate theatre of Munich (Münchner Kammerspiele), which is affiliated to the school he performed among other plays in Shakespeares "What You Will". He then performed at the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden, Germany from 2002 to 2007. Since summer 2007 he is employed at the playhouse Cologne (Kölner Schauspiel), where he was very successfully seen as Siegfried (Nibelungen saga) and Jason ("The Golden Fleece").
After a few appearances on German TV he further played in movie productions, such as Sherry Hormans "Guys and Balls" or Stefan Komandarev's "The world is big and salvation lurks around the corner" (after the novel of Ilija Trojanow)

</doc>
<doc id="18823858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823858" title="California Superintendent of Public Instruction election, 1998">
California Superintendent of Public Instruction election, 1998

The 1998 California Superintendent of Public Instruction election occurred on March 3, 1998. Incumbent Delaine Eastin defeated Gloria Matta Tuchman, Barbara Carpenter, Mark Isler, and Miles Everett.

</doc>
<doc id="18823861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823861" title="Athelney Abbey">
Athelney Abbey

Athelney Abbey, established in the county of Somerset, England, was founded by King Alfred in 888, as a religious house for monks of the Order of St. Benedict. It was dedicated to our Blessed Saviour, St. Peter, St. Paul, and St. Egelwine.
History.
Originally Athelney was a small island in swampland, in what is now the parish of East Lyng, covered with alders and infested by wild animals. It was inaccessible except by boat, according to William of Malmesbury. Here Alfred found a refuge from the Danes; here he built the abbey. The dedication to St. Egelwine suggests that it may have been an enlargement of a hermitage or monastery already in existence.
He peopled it with foreign monks, drawn chiefly from France, with John the Old Saxon (known as Scotus) as their abbot. The original church was a small structure, consisting of four piers supporting the main fabric and surrounded by four circular chancels. Little is known of the history of the abbey from the eleventh century up to the time of its dissolution except that monks of Glastonbury Abbey attempted to annex it or have it placed under the Glastonbury jurisdiction.
It was not a rich community. An indulgence of thirty days was given in 1321 for those who should assist in the rebuilding of the church, and the monks humbly petitioned Edward I of England to remit "corrod" for which they were unable to find the means of payment. The last abbot was Robert Hamlyn. With eight monks of his community, he surrendered February, 8, 1540, receiving a pension of £50 per annum and retaining his prebend of Long Sutton. The revenues (26 Hen. VII) were £209. 0s. 3/4 d.
Following the dissolution it was acquired for use as his private residence by Lord Audley. This did not happen and the church was demolished and other buildings fell into disrepair, leaving nothing visible at the site today. Several geophysical surveys have been carried out to explore the remains which still exist below ground level.
The site of the Abbey is marked by King Alfred's Monument which is a Grade II listed building, and Scheduled Ancient Monument.

</doc>
<doc id="18823867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823867" title="Hedya salicella">
Hedya salicella

Hedya salicella is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 19–24 mm. The moth flies from June to October. .
The larvae feed on large holes and willow and poplar.

</doc>
<doc id="18823880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823880" title="List of Intel Core i7 microprocessors">
List of Intel Core i7 microprocessors

The following is a list of Intel Core i7 brand microprocessors.

</doc>
<doc id="18823913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823913" title="Trimeresurus jerdonii xanthomelas">
Trimeresurus jerdonii xanthomelas

Trimeresurus jerdonii xanthomelas is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to China.
Description.
Adults may attain a total length of , which includes a tail long.
The scalation includes 21-23 rows of dorsal scales at midbody, 176-188 ventral scales, 54-67 subcaudal scales, and 7-8 supralabial scales.
Geographic range.
Found in Central and southern China, in the provinces of Henan, Shaanxi, Gansu, Sichuan, Guizhou, Hubei, and Guangxi. The type locality given is "Ichang" (=Yichang Shi, Hubei, China).

</doc>
<doc id="18823914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823914" title="ICECI">
ICECI

The International Classification of External Causes of Injury (ICECI) is a medical classification providing codes for external injuries. It is designed to aid professionals and researchers in the statistical tracking and prevention of injury. 
First released in 2001, the ICECI is a Related Classification in the WHO Family of International Classifications (WHO-FIC). It is related to ICD-10 (External causes of morbidity and mortality). While the ICD-10 classifies injuries in and of themselves, the ICECI allows for systematic description of the causes and circumstances surrounding the injury. 

</doc>
<doc id="18823919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823919" title="Hedya nubiferana">
Hedya nubiferana

The Marbled Orchard Tortrix or Green Budworm Moth "(Hedya nubiferana)" is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone and the Nearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 15–21 mm. The moth flies from May to August. .
The larvae feed on Crataegus and Prunus spinosa.

</doc>
<doc id="18823924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823924" title="William of Orange">
William of Orange

William of Orange usually refers to either:
William of Orange may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18823925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823925" title="Sébastien Bruzzese">
Sébastien Bruzzese

Sébastien Bruzzese (born 1 March 1989) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Zulte Waregem.
Career.
Born in Liège, Bruzzese began his career with R.F.C. de Liège, who was promoted to the Promotion A team and made his first three prof games. He moved in July 2007 to the reserve squad from Anderlecht and in August 2008 promoted to first squad. Anyhow, he didn't play any matches. In the next season (2008/09), he was second keeper for a short while. The first keeper Daniel Zitka was injured and the first substitute Silvio Proto was lent to Germinal Beerschot.
At the end of January 2010, Bruzzese moved to AA Gent. this was because Bruzesse never got the chance to play, as he was only the fifth keeper after Silvio Proto, Daniel Zitka, Davy Schollen and Michaël Cordier. In the same period, he played seven caps for the Belgian national team under 19 years.
Bruzzese is sometimes compared to former keeper Christian Piot. He also owes a lot to Jacky Munaron, who made his transfer from Anderlecht to AA Gent possible. Munaron is a former keeper himself of Club Luik and Anderlecht.
On 31 January 2011 Bruzzese and his team-mate Christophe Lepoint were involved in a serious car accident. Allegedly, they were returning from a night-club and that Bruzzese had been drinking, but this has never been confirmed.
Following the 2011-12 season, Bruzzese moved to Zulte Waregem.
International.
In 2007 and 2008, Bruzzese gained 7 caps for the Belgian under-19 team.

</doc>
<doc id="18823944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823944" title="Anita DeFrantz">
Anita DeFrantz

Anita DeFrantz (born in 1952) is an American Olympic Athlete (rowing), member of the International Olympic Committee, and former Vice-President of FISA.
She was captain of the American rowing team at the 1976 Summer Olympics winning the bronze medal in women's eight. 
In 1986, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) appointed DeFrantz to lifetime membership in the organization. She became the first female vice-president of the IOC executive committee in 1997. 
On June 25th 2012, DeFrantz told AroundTheRings.com that she would like to return to the IOC Executive Committee after having served on it from 1997-2001. She was elected back onto the IOC Executive Board on 10 September 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="18823966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823966" title="Grapholita funebrana">
Grapholita funebrana

The Plum Fruit Moth (Grapholita funebrana) is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone. Like many of its congeners, it is sometimes placed in "Cydia".
The wingspan is 10–15 mm. The moth flies in two generations from late April to September. .
The larvae feed on "Prunus domestica", "Prunus spinosa" and other "Prunus" species. The species is considered to be a pest.

</doc>
<doc id="18823976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823976" title="No Ordinary Morning / Halcyon">
No Ordinary Morning / Halcyon

"No Ordinary Morning" / "Halcyon" is a double A-side single by the British electronic dance music artist Chicane. It was released as the fourth single from his second studio album, "Behind the Sun" on 10 July 2000. The single reached number twenty-eight on the UK Singles Chart.
"No Ordinary Morning" features the vocals of Tracey Ackerman and is co-written by Ray Hedges.
"Halcyon" refers to "Halcyon", a genus of kingfishers (specifically, those of the Halcyonidae family) in scientific classification, as is evident by the opening moments of the song, where a kingfisher's call is heard before the tempo starts to pick up and the song begins.
On 6 October 2008, Chicane released the greatest hits album, "", which includes a reworked version of "Halcyon".

</doc>
<doc id="18823984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823984" title="Saltwater Band">
Saltwater Band

Saltwater Band are an Indigenous Roots band from Galiwin'ku on Elcho Island, around 560 kilometres from Darwin. The members are Yolngu and they sing mostly in language. Their songs are a mixture of traditional songs and reggae/ska influenced pop. One member of the band, Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu, is a close relative of Mandawuy Yunupingu of Yothu Yindi and is a past member of Yothu Yindi.
Saltwater Band's first cd "Gapu Damurrun", sold more than 10,000 copies, a then record for an independent NT act Their album "Djarridjarri" was nominated for the 2004 Best World Music Album Aria Award. The album also received a Deadly Award for Album Release of the Year.
Awards and nominations.
APRA Awards.
The APRA Awards are presented annually from 1982 by the Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA), "honouring composers and songwriters".

</doc>
<doc id="18823988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823988" title="Gram Bharati Samiti">
Gram Bharati Samiti

Gram Bharati Samiti (GBS) or Society for Rural Development is an Indian non-governmental organisation working in the Jaipur district of Rajasthan with the aim of "establishing a society based on humanitarian, democratic values and ecologically balanced habitat". Gram Bharati Samiti means Society for Rural Development in Hindi.
History.
Gram Bharati Samiti was founded in 1984, and registered under the Rajasthan Societies Registration Act. In 1991 it became the first organisation in Rajasthan to recognise and react to the growing problem of HIV/AIDs among the population.
GBS is exempt from Income Tax under the Income Tax Act 1961 of India. It has been accredited by the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD) process and also enjoys special consultative status with the United Nations Economic and Social Council (UNESOC).
Structure.
GBS has a council of 370 members who meet every 3 years to elect the 30 member Executive Board. 
The Executive Board consists of five main office-bearers, president, vice-president, secretary, joint-secretary and assistant secretary. The Executive Board meets on a quarterly basis, with the purpose of: 
Considering applications for GBS membership
Overseeing the running of GBS sub-committees
Recruiting and dismissing GBS personnel
Proposing amendments to the GBS constitution
Developing and implementing GBS' programs and activities
Raising funds and accepting grants
Overseeing the GBS bank account
Policy of non-discrimination
GBS maintains a policy of non-discrimination and will not be prejudiced by race, caste, gender or religious belief. In particular, GBS has a strong emphasis on gender equality, with a minimum third of its Executive Committee consisting of women. In addition, GBS is also involved in a range of projects designed to empower the women.
Projects and activities.
GBS works to improve the living standards and environment of Rajasthan. Their work can be divided into three main categories:
However GBS also works in the broader realms of healthcare, education, sanitation and safe water supply and research. GBS ultimately tries to provide the help that the surrounding community need and would otherwise be unable to attain.
Women's empowerment.
GBS's women's empowerment programme attempts to reduce gender inequality and improve the lifestyles of rural, impoverished women in Rajasthan. 
Its main operations in this field to date are the formations of Self Help Groups (SHGs). These are groups of 10-20 women (and sometimes men) who save money together to build enough collateral to take out loans. This banking model is based on microfinance and is supported by the Indian government, in particular the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD). They can then get a low interest loan, from a bank to buy income generating products or whatever else they may require. This gives women financial independence and in turn a community voice and higher social standing.
To date GBS has facilitated the formation of over 750 SHGs.
In 2007 GBS opened its own not-for-profit bank, The Gram Bharati Mahila Bank (GBMB) which provides bank accounts and low interest loans to individuals and SHGs in rural Rajasthan.
The environment.
Since 1991 GBS has been working in the area of Todaladi in an effort to develop a wasteland area of 8 hectares. This area was renamed Gandhivan (meaning forest of Gandhi) and is now an agriculturally productive success.
The aim of this project was to halt desertification and work with the local people to rejuvenate the environment. It can now boast many new species of plants and trees after many years of hard work and attracts much wildlife. 
GBS also works with the local communities to improve their living standards and in 2008 opened a Sunday school providing free teaching and resources to children who may not go to school (especially girls) and are instead encouraged or even forced to work for their families shepherding animals. 
The area is exemplary and has been recognised so by many international agencies, who have given GBS' Gandhivan project awards and recognition.
Prevention of HIV/AIDS.
Gram Bharati Samiti was the first NGO in Rajasthan to recognise and react to the increasing problem of HIV/AIDS in the area. GBS started its HIV/AIDS prevention and relief project in 1991 and since has implemented programs on HIV/AIDS awareness and education, the treatment of STIs/RTIs, and care and support for women and children affected and infected with HIV/AIDS.

</doc>
<doc id="18823991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18823991" title="Cydia nigricana">
Cydia nigricana

The Pea Moth "(Cydia nigricana)" is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 12–16 mm. The moth flies from May to July..
The larvae feed on Pea, Lathyrus and Vicia. The species is considered to be a pest.

</doc>
<doc id="18824005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824005" title="Semantic unification">
Semantic unification

Semantic unification, in philosophy, linguistics, and computer science, is the process of unifying lexically different concept representations that are judged to have the same semantic content (i.e., meaning). In business processes, the conceptual Semantic unification is defined as “the mapping of two expressions onto an expression in an exchange format which is equivalent to the given expression”. Semantic unification has a long history in fields like philosophy and linguistics. In computer science it has been used in different research areas like grammar unification, and Prolog extensions.
Semantic unification has since been applied to the fields of business processes and workflow management.
In the earliest 90’s Charles Petri at Stanford University introduced the term of semantic unification for business models, later references could be found in and later formalized in Dr. Bendeck PhD thesis. Petri introduced the term “Pragmatic Semantic Unification” to refer to the approaches in which the results are tested against a running application using the semantic mappings. In this pragmatic approach, the accuracy of the mapping is not as important as its usability.
In general, the Semantic Unification in business processes is the process to find a common unified concept that match two lexicalized expressions into the same interpretation.

</doc>
<doc id="18824012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824012" title="Last of the Summer Wine (series 30)">
Last of the Summer Wine (series 30)

Last of the Summer Wine's thirtieth series originally aired 19 April 2009. All eleven episodes in series thirty were thirty minutes in length. A New Years Special aired on 31 December 2008. All of the episodes were written by Roy Clarke and directed by Alan J. W. Bell.
This series is notable for forming a new trio composed of Alvin, Entwistle and Hobbo, who was introduced in the New Years Special. 
Peter Sallis (Clegg) and Frank Thornton (Truly) are now demoted to secondary characters, filmed only in studio scenes due to the cost of insurance for the actors at their age on location.
Outline.
The trio in this series consisted of: 
Reception.
Critics.
This comedy show is criticised for its speculated loss of quality and the fact that it is generally aimed at the older generation. Despite this, the show still gains respectable viewing figures.

</doc>
<doc id="18824025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824025" title="David K. Ferry">
David K. Ferry

David Keane Ferry (born 1940) is the Regents' Professor of Electrical Engineering at Arizona State University (ASU), notable for his research in semiconductor devices.
Education.
He received his BSEE, 1962, and MSEE, 1963, both from Texas Technical College. Ferry obtained his PhD under Arwin A. Dougal, 1966, from the University of Texas at Austin with a thesis entitled "Anomalous Microwave Emission from Bulk Semiconductors."
Career.
Following a postdoctoral year in Vienna (1966–67) under Karl-Heinz Seeger, he spent time at Texas Tech University (1967–73), the Office of Naval Research (1973–77), Colorado State University (1977–83), and then joined
Arizona State University in 1983.
Honors.
He has received a number of honours including the IEEE Cledo Brunetti Award, 1999; IEEE (Phoenix) Engineer of Year, 1990; 
Fellow of the IEEE, 1987; Fellow of the American Physical Society, 1974; and Fellow of the Institute of Physics, 2008. His research involves the physics and simulation of semiconductor devices and quantum effects and transport in mesoscopic device structures.

</doc>
<doc id="18824028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824028" title="MD 88">
MD 88

The abbreviation MD 88 can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18824032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824032" title="Alonei Shilo">
Alonei Shilo

Alonei Shilo (, lit. "Shilo Oaks") is a village and an Israeli settlement in the Samarian hills of the West Bank. Located near Karnei Shomron, the outpost was established in 1999. It was initially named Nof Kaneh (, lit. "Kaneh View") after nearby Kaneh stream, but was later renamed after Shilo Levi, who was killed in the 1997 Israeli helicopter disaster. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18824049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824049" title="Joyful Season">
Joyful Season

The Joyful Season is a 1964 Christmas album by Jo Stafford. It is unique in that the only vocal performer on the album is Stafford; she accomplished this through multi-tracking. The album was re-released in 2005 by DRG.

</doc>
<doc id="18824051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824051" title="Crocidosema plebejana">
Crocidosema plebejana

__NOTOC__
Crocidosema plebejana is a tortrix moth (family Tortricidae), belonging to tribe Eucosmini of subfamily Olethreutinae. It is found today all over the subtropical and tropical regions of the world and even occurs on many oceanic islands – in Polynesia and on Saint Helena for example –, but has probably been accidentally introduced to much of its current range by humans. In addition, it is also found in some cooler regions, e.g. in Europe except in the east and north; this is probably also not natural, as it was for example not recorded in the British Isles before 1900.
It is the type species of its genus "Crocidosema", established by Philipp Christoph Zeller when he described the present species in 1847, as he found it unlike any moth then known to science.
Description and ecology.
The wingspan of adults is 12–16 mm. In the seasonal parts of its range, this moth flies from midsummer to early autumn, e.g. from July to October in southern England. It is not quite clear whether there are several broods per year in the tropics, as it has been recorded on the Marquesas Islands only between January and April for example. The adults are active in the evening and attracted to lights.
The caterpillar larvae mainly feed inside the seed capsules and shoots of Malvaceae such as China Jute ("Abutilon theophrasti"), Marsh Mallow ("Althaea officinalis"), the tree mallow "Lavatera arborea", Arrowleaf Sida ("Sida rhombifolia"), and various "Gossypium" (cottons) and "Malva" (typical mallows) species. The caterpillars have been found on other eurosids, including "Crataegus" hawthorns (Rosaceae), "Cucurbita pepo" pumpkins (Cucurbitaceae), and "Eucalyptus" (Myrtaceae). They may occasionally become pests of cotton.
Synonyms.
This species was described times and again under different names from all over its wide range. But not even subspecies are accepted today, rendering all those other names invalid. In addition, it was variously assigned to other tortrix moth genera – usually close relatives of "Crocidosema" such as "Epinotia" (under its junior synonyms "Paedisca, Proteopteryx" and "Steganoptycha") or "Eucosma", but sometimes more distantly related Olethreutinae such as "Grapholita" (under the spelling variant "Grapholitha") and "Hedya" (as "Penthina", a misspelling of the junior synonym "Pendina"). In addition to being the type species of "Crocidosema", one of these redescriptions – at that time still unrecognized as what it was – was used as late as 1965 to establish the genus "Parasuleima" as supposedly distinct from "Crocidosema".
The invalid scientific names of this moth are:

</doc>
<doc id="18824073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824073" title="Vitaliy Rahimov">
Vitaliy Rahimov

Vitaliy Rahimov (born 27 August 1984, Meghri, Armenian SSR) is an Azerbaijani athlete.
Rahimov moved with his family to Azerbaijan in 1990. He has been trained in Greco-Roman wrestling since 1994. He made the Azerbaijani Olympic teams in 2004 and 2008. In the 2004 Olympics in Athens, Rahimov beat Jim Gruenwald of the United States (7-0) but was later defeated by the Serbian Davor Stefanek.
In the 2008 Beijing Olympics, Rahimov successfully reached the final having beaten Sheng Jiang (China), Eusebiu Diaconu (Romania), Armen Nazaryan (Bulgaria), and Nurbakyt Tengizbayev (Turkmenistan) but lost to Islam-Beka Albiev from Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="18824084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824084" title="Kochelsee">
Kochelsee

Kochelsee or Lake Kochel is located south of Munich on the edge of the Bavarian Alps. The western third of the lake lies within the borders of the town of Schlehdorf, while the rest belongs to Kochel am See. The southern edge of the lake lies up against the mountains and the northern shore is bordered by bog lands. The history of the settlement of Kochel (previously "Quochcalun") begins with "Birg bei Altjoch", a rock extrusion on the shore of the lake. The name Kochel is derived from the Latin "cocula" meaning head or cone.
The Loisach flows into the lake at Schlehdorf and flows out at Kochel am See. A similar amount of water flows into the lake from the Isar through the Lake Walchen Power Plant.
Origin.
The lake was created during the last glacial period of the current ice age by the Loisach-Isar glacier. The bottom of the glacier scraped out the lakebed. The basin then filled with water at the end of the glacial period. The northern end of the lake silted up forming bogs.
Settlements.
The following settlements border the lake:
All are part of the district Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen.

</doc>
<doc id="18824091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824091" title="Epagoge grotiana">
Epagoge grotiana

Epagoge grotiana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is ca. 15 mm. The moth flies from June to August.
The larvae mainly feed on Oak, Crataegus and Rubus.

</doc>
<doc id="18824104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824104" title="Ramat Gilad">
Ramat Gilad

Ramat Gilad (, "lit." Gilad Heights) is an Israeli settlement outpost in the West Bank, under the municipal jurisdiction of Shomron Regional Council. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
Located to the north of Karnei Shomron, the outpost was established in 2001 and named after Gilad Zar, a security coordinator of the Shomron Regional Council, who was shot and killed in 2001. Ramat Gilad, home to 13 families in 2009, was considered an unauthorized outpost by the Israeli government until 2011, when a deal was reached between the government and the residents to remove nine homes located on privately owned Palestinian land.

</doc>
<doc id="18824131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824131" title="Margaret Abbott">
Margaret Abbott

Margaret Ives Abbott (June 15, 1876 – June 10, 1955) was the first American woman to take first place in an Olympic event; she won the women's golf tournament, consisting of nine holes, with a score of 47 at the 1900 Paris games. Abbott won a porcelain bowl for first place in golf. (The 1900 games were the only Olympics in which winners received valuable artifacts instead of medals.) 1900 was the first year in which women were allowed to compete in the Olympics, and these games included 11 female athletes competing in "ladylike" sports: golf, tennis and yachting. These games were apparently so poorly organized that many competitors, including Abbott, did not realize that the events they entered were part of the Olympics. Historical research did not establish that the game was on the Olympic program until after her death, so she herself never knew it. Abbott had traveled to Paris to study art under Edgar Degas and Auguste Rodin. Her mother, Mary Perkins Ives Abbot (a novelist and Chicago Tribune book reviewer), also competed in the event, finishing tied for seventh, making it the first (and still only) Olympic event in which a mother and daughter competed at the same time.
Born in Calcutta, India in 1876, in 1902, Abbott married writer Finley Peter Dunne.

</doc>
<doc id="18824146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824146" title="Americus, Georgia micropolitan area">
Americus, Georgia micropolitan area

The Americus Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in Georgia, anchored by the city of Americus.
At the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 36,966 (though a July 1, 2009, estimate placed the population at 36,409).
Demographics.
At the 2000 census, there were 36,966 people, 13,460 households and 9,542 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 50.01% White, 47.22% African American, 0.29% Native American, 0.54% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 1.27% from other races, and 0.64% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.65% of the population.
The median household income was $31,470 and the median family income was $35,797. Males had a median income of $28,534 versus $20,196 for females. The per capita income was $15,032.

</doc>
<doc id="18824200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824200" title="Qasim Zia">
Qasim Zia

Qasim Zia son of Mian Zia-ud-Din was born on August 7, 1961 in Lahore and graduated in 2002. He is an Olympic Gold Medalist in the field Hockey and remained Member of Pakistan National Hockey Team during 1980-87; at present, he is serving as President, Pakistan Hockey Federation since October 2008. He was a member of Provincial Assembly of the Punjab during 2002-07 and functioned as Leader of Opposition. He has returned to the Punjab Assembly for the second consecutive term in bye-election 2008. He has extensively travelled abroad. His granduncle, Mian Amir-ud-Din, and his cousin, Khawaja Tariq Rahim, served as Governor Punjab. His grandfather, Mian Amin-ud-Din, was the first Mayor of Lahore. His uncle, Mian Salah-ud-Din remained MNA and Provincial Minister and his cousin, Mian Yousaf Salah-ud-Din, served as Member of Punjab Assembly during 1988-90.
Qasim Zia has been appointed as the 23rd president of the Pakistan Hockey Federation (PHF) by Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gillani on October 15, 2008.
Qasim Zia was married in November 1986 and has three children. His elder son, Usman Qasim, is a stock broker.
Keeping in view his services to Pakistan Hockey and his 25 years of services to Pakistan Politics, the President of Pakistan has recently awarded Sitara-e-Imtiaz to him.
Political Career.
Pakistan Peoples Party (Parliamentarian)Punjab Assembly(Information Secretary 1997-2001),(President 2001-2007),(Member CEC 2007)

</doc>
<doc id="18824201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824201" title="Ivan Sytov">
Ivan Sytov

Ivan Nikitovich Sytov () (13 June 1916 - 13 October 1943) was a Soviet fighter pilot and flying ace, credited with 26 kills and four shared victories. 
Initially serving with Stalingrad’s fighter school, Sytov then posted to 788 IAP, where he claimed at least one Bf-109 in September 1942. Lieutenant Ivan Sytov then joined 5th GIAP in December 1942. 
Sytov fought during the Battle of Stalingrad and Battle of Kursk, scoring the majority of his kills during this period.After intensive operations on the Kalinin Front, the unit withdrew to equip with the new Lavochkin La-5. 
On 13 October 1943 Sytov was shot down and killed by JG 52s "Oberfeldwebel" Walter Jahnke. Some Soviet sources claim he rammed a Bf 109, but according to German records no such incident occurred.

</doc>
<doc id="18824208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824208" title="Dorrit">
Dorrit

Dorrit is a feminine given name. Persons bearing the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="18824211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824211" title="Honiara Rangers F.C.">
Honiara Rangers F.C.

Rangers FC is a famous Solomon Islands football club, playing in the Honiara FA League and in the Solomon Islands National Club Championship.
Rangers FC won the Honiara FA League 8 times in: 1985, 1988, 1991, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999. The club has played once in the OFC Champions League, in the 1987.
Current squad.
coach: Mohamad Mayelikohan

</doc>
<doc id="18824217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824217" title="Big Band Sound (album)">
Big Band Sound (album)

Big Band Sound is a 1970 compilation album of standards by Jo Stafford. The songs were recorded between 1960 and 1970 and see Stafford backed by a number of big band arrangers, notably her husband Paul Weston, as well as Billy May and Benny Carter. The album was released on the Corinthian label. 

</doc>
<doc id="18824220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824220" title="Love on a Branch Line (novel)">
Love on a Branch Line (novel)

Love on a Branch Line is a 1959 comic novel by John Hadfield. It involved Jasper Pye, a diffident member of the British Civil Service being sent to Arcady Hall in Norfolk to close down a government department there. He finds it to be a rural idyll, and encounters a number of problems with closing the place down. 
The book was critically acclaimed and sold very well. It was adapted for television Love on a Branch Line (TV series) in 1994 with Michael Maloney starring as Jasper Pye, and a number of leading British actors appearing.

</doc>
<doc id="18824233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824233" title="Durham Cathedral Priory">
Durham Cathedral Priory

Durham Priory was a Benedictine priory associated with Durham Cathedral, located in Durham in the North-East of England. It was founded in 1083 and was dissolved led to the replacement of the house with a college of secular canons led by a dean in 1540. The head was the Prior of Durham.
History.
Historically, Durham Priory was one of the most important land owners in County Durham along with the Bishop of Durham until the Dissolution of the Monasteries by Henry VIII. Until that point, Durham Priory was home to between 50 and 100 Benedictine monks. Durham was the largest and richest of the monasteries associated with Durham; the other cells were located in Coldingham Priory (until 1462), Jarrow and Monk Wearmouth, Finchale, Farne, Holy Island, Lythe, Stamford and Durham College, Oxford (after 1381). 

</doc>
<doc id="18824234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824234" title="W19">
W19

W19 or W.19 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18824239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824239" title="Love on a Branch Line">
Love on a Branch Line

Love on a Branch Line can either mean.

</doc>
<doc id="18824241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824241" title="Gideon Boateng">
Gideon Boateng

Gideon Acheampong Boateng (born August 26, 1991 in Accra) is a Ghanaian professional footballer, who plays in Belgium for CS Visé as a striker. He holds both a Ghanaian passport and a Belgian passport.
Career.
Boateng began his career 2004 by Royal Antwerp, he joined later to Lierse in 2005. He played with Lierse one year before scouted in 2006 from Anderlecht. Boateng played in Brussels 3 years before he transferred to MVV Maastricht on 15 December 2008. He signed a three and half year contract. In January 2012, Boateng transferred from Dutch club MVV Maastricht to Belgian club CS Visé in order to help the Belgian club gain promotion from the 2011–12 Belgian Second Division to the 2012–2013 Belgian Pro League.

</doc>
<doc id="18824247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824247" title="Reece Blayney">
Reece Blayney

Reece Blayney (born 24 July 1985) is an Australian professional rugby league player who currently plays for the Wynnum Manly Seagulls in the Queensland Cup competition. He previously played for teams such as the Canterbury Bulldogs in Australia's National Rugby League (NRL), AS Carcassonne in France's Elite One Championship, and the Fairfax Eagles in the United States' American National Rugby League (AMNRL). His position is .
Life.
Blayney was born in Cronulla, New South Wales. In 2008 he was signed by the Canterbury Bulldogs in Australia's National Rugby League (NRL). He also spent time in the New South Wales Premier League with the Cronulla Sharks and the St. George Dragons. In the 2009-2010 season he signed with AS Carcassonne in the top-flight Elite One Championship in France. He subsequently signed with the Fairfax Eagles of the American National Rugby League (AMNRL), the top competition in the United States, playing during the 2010 season. Blayney was one of the most high profile signings in American rugby league.
For the 2011 season he signed with the Wynnum Manly Seagulls in Australia's Queensland Cup competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18824253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824253" title="Anglican Bishop of Richmond">
Anglican Bishop of Richmond

__NOTOC__
The Bishop of Richmond was an episcopal title used by a suffragan bishop of the Church of England Diocese of Ripon, in the Province of York, England. The title took its name after the town of Richmond in North Yorkshire. First bishop, John James Pulleine, was originally created the suffragan Bishop of Penrith in 1888, but his title was changed the following year to Richmond. Since 1921, the title has remained in abeyance.

</doc>
<doc id="18824301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824301" title="University of the Philippines, College of Social Sciences and Philosophy">
University of the Philippines, College of Social Sciences and Philosophy

Housed at the old AS (College of Arts and Sciences) building now called Palma Hall in University of the Philippines Diliman, the College of Social Sciences and Philosophy has eight departments and one institute which offer undergraduate and graduate programs. It also offers the courses which make up the social sciences component of the Revitalized General Education Program of the University of the Philippines System.
CSSP forms part of the former College of Liberal Arts (pre-1950s) and the former college of Arts and Sciences (pre-1983). The history of the College of Social Sciences and Philosophy (CSSP), University of the Philippines (UP), dates back to the year 1910 although its name was given only in 1983. CSSP began as part of the College of Liberal Arts which was established on June 1910 by virtue of a decision of the UP Board of Regents.
History.
The history of the College of Social Sciences and Philosophy (CSSP), University of the Philippines (UP), dates back to the year 1910 although its name was given only in 1983. CSSP began as part of the College of Liberal Arts which was established on June 1910 by virtue of a decision of the UP Board of Regents. The college previously existed as an institution called Junior College of Liberal Arts operated by the Bureau of Education of the Department of Public Instruction. At first it was named the College of Philosophy, Science and Letters before it was changed to the College of Liberal Arts on 30 January 1911. The college had two units—the Junior College which offered two years of study leading to the degree of Bachelor of Arts; and the Senior College which offered three years of study leading to the degree of Master of Arts. The coursework in the Junior College was such as to prepare the students who wished to enroll in professional course.
Before the start of the first semester of the academic year 1959-1960, the College of Liberal Arts was reorganized into three academic units -the University College, the College of Arts and Sciences and the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences. All three units, however, were served by only one faculty
The College of Liberal Arts was reorganized in order to solve the problem that may result with the implementation of the basic education program. The University College started its operations during the first semester of 1959-1960. It was given the task of teaching the general education courses, including the humanities, social sciences and natural sciences, for the first two years. To strengthen the foundation of a liberal education, the college was expected to continue the general education, as well as to correct some aspects taught in high school.
Meanwhile the third and subsequent years of college studies were handled by the College of Arts and Sciences which was mandated to continue offering undergraduate courses in the humanities, social sciences, natural and physical sciences, mathematics and languages. These disciplines were offered by the college as fields of specialization. As such, the third and subsequent years of college studies of a student were focused on one discipline for in-depth study, aside from other related disciplines, called free electives, which he may rake.
The different roles played by the University College and the College of Arts and Sciences necessitated separate administrations. To avoid the overlapping of roles of the two colleges and to integrate the various disciplines, three major divisions were formed to take the place of the academic departments—the Division of Humanities, Division of Social Sciences, arid the Division of Natural Sciences. The traditional academic disciplines operated under their respective divisions without any departmental head
On 26 October 1983, the UP Board of Regents issued Administrative Order No.170 creating three new colleges from the former College of Arts and Sciences - the College of Social Sciences and Philosophy (CSSP), ripe College of Arts and Letters (CAL), and the College of Science (CS).
Dr Francisco Nemenzo (1976–1981) of the Department of Political Science was the Dean of the CAS before it was split into three colleges. Prof Ofelia Angangco (1981–1983) from the Department of Sociology was the Dean of CSSP when it was split into three colleges. She was succeeded bv Dr Leslie Bauzon (1983–1989) from the Department of History who served as the first Dean of the CSSP In 1989, Dr Zeus A. Salazar (1989–1992) was sworn in as new dean.
The social sciences and philosophy are the foundation of a relevant university education. Students are encouraged to respond to the need for critical thought and inquiry, as well as to disseminate and refine the standards of values which they so constantly apply in daily living. The college, with the help and guidance of highly competent faculty and staff shares the vision of molding students to "search further into the depths of knowledge and to pursue truth."
The CSSP located at the Palma Hall, is composed of the following departments: Anthropology, Geography History, Linguistics, Philosophy, Political Science, Psychology, Sociology and Population Institute. The Third World Studies Program and the Folklore and Philippine Studies Program are also housed under the CSSP which also takes charge of the administration of Diliman Review, a quarterly publication-for the stu-dents of the three colleges.
Academic Departments.
The Department of Anthropology offers undergraduate and graduate courses in the five fields of anthropology: cultural and social anthropology, archaeology, biological anthropology, linguistic anthropology and anthropological theory. The courses are designed to help students understand human biological and cultural diversity and the forces that shape cultural evolution and social change.
Mabuhay! Welcome to the UP Diliman Department of Geography!
Geography focuses on the study of the Earth as the home of humans. As a holistic discipline, it examines human-environment interactions, spatial processes, and development of places and localities. It studies the physical and human processes of the Earth and investigates how these produce different landscapes. It uses geographic techniques such as spatial analysis, cartography, geographic information science (GIScience), remote sensing, and statistical methods to explore and comprehend the complexities of natural and cultural systems and how they relate to each other. Such understandings could bring about a better grasp of the factors that lead to the transformations of everyday spaces at different scales – local, regional, global.
As the only Geography department in the Philippines, we hope to bring Geography to where it should be - at the center of decision-making in our country. We take an active role in propagating Geography in order to raise awareness on how daily lives are influenced by human-environment interactions and empower localities in facing the challenges of an increasingly globalizing world.
The Department of Linguistics of the College of Social Sciences and Philosophy in U.P. Diliman was established on August 28, 1922. Its first name was Department of Philippine Linguistics. It was renamed Department of Oriental Languages in 1924, Department of Oriental Languages and Linguistics in 1963, Department of Linguistics and Asian Languages in 1973, and finally Department of Linguistics in 1983. The primary aim of the department since its founding has been the scientific study, preservation and promotion of the Philippine languages through teaching, field research and publication.
The Philosophy Department offers a BA Philosophy program, MA Philosophy program and PhD in Philosophy . In addition to these programs, the University of the Philippines (UP) Manila College of Medicine and the UP Diliman Department of Philosophy jointly offer a Diploma in Bioethics Program (since school year 2004-2005) and a Master of Science in Bioethics (since school year 2006-2007). For details, visit the Bioethics Training Project website, or download the program brochure.
The Department of Political Science was established as a unit of the College of Liberal Arts in 1915. The first head of the unit, then called "chief of the Department," was George A. Malcolm. He headed the Department while he was concurrently Dean of the College of Law from 1915-1920. His successor as Chief of the Department was Maximo M. Kalaw, the first Filipino head of the Department. Kalaw headed the Department from 1920-1934.
The Department greatly influenced the development of the discipline in the country. Malcolm's Government of the Philippine Islands and his collaborative work with Kalaw, Philippine Government, firmly established the legalistic and institutional approaches of the discipline in our country.
These dominant approaches had been strongly challenged in the Department in the 1960s, and has been replaced with orientations in political sociology and political economy. These have become the dominant perspectives in the Department. The Department has continued to influence the discipline in our country in spite of institutional reorganizations of the College of Liberal Arts. In the 1950s, the College was reorganized into a College of Arts and Sciences, which was divided into three Colleges in 1983 - College of Arts and Letters, College of Science, and College of Social Sciences and Philosophy. The Department of Political Science is now one of the seven departments in the College of Social Sciences and Philosophy.
In consideration of the context of the department's history and the events of the past few years that had changed the profile and character of its membership, the Department has formulated the following mission statement:
The UPDP aims to contribute to the science of human behavior and to apply the science to improve the quality of life. As such, it takes the lead in the development of Psychology as a basic and applied science in the Philippines and in the ASEAN, mindful of its role in the national development efforts.
The following strategies were further outlined to enable the department to achieve these missions:
To provide instructional, research, and extension services through:
"State-of-the-art" instruction in degree, non-degree, and short-term programs designed for a variety of audiences;
Innovative research agenda and methodology in the basic and applied areas; and
Quality extension services.
To establish linkages with units in the U.P. System and with other universities, government agencies and entities, NGOs, communities, business groups etc. in order to:
Create synergies and avoid unnecessary duplication of efforts;
Keep the department continually informed of what is happening in the larger environment so that it can keep abreast with the issues involving the discipline.
To actively disseminate research findings, developments on theory and experiences in extension work to a broad but differentiated target audience.
To pursue non-traditional sources of support.
To explore ways of organizing its membership so that it can pursue the department's mission with flexibility, efficacy, and efficiency.
To clarify the underlying principles that will be guiding future departmental decisions and actions, the following values were also identified as being central to one's identity as a member of the department.
Service orientation-beyond the self to serve and share
Commitment to Psychology as a discipline
Commitment to professional and personal excellence
Awareness of current developments, issues and concerns
Openness to new ideas; intellectual curiosity
Resourcefulness, creativity, persistence
Forward-looking 
The UP Department of Sociology has been providing quality education, research, and community/extension services through its various programs for almost one hundred years. It was first founded as the Department of Anthropology and Sociology in 1908 and later restructured as the Department of Sociology and Social Welfare in the 1950s. On 9 November 1962, the Department was established as a distinct unit of the University and came to be known as the UP Department of Sociology.
UP Population Institute.
The University of the Philippines Population Institute{ (UPPI) was formally established as a unit of the University of the Philippines on November 1964 with an initial grant from the Ford Foundation. Located at the College of Social Sciences and Philosophy (Palma Hall) building, it is the only academic institution in the Philippines offering graduate level training in Demography and Population Studies. It has two degree programs, Master of Arts in Demography (MA Demo) and Master in Population Studies (MPopS).
As an academic unit, UPPI performs the three-pronged function of teaching, research, and extension. Through its links with the government, local and international agencies, it plays an important role in the analysis of population-related issues by way of a strong program of research and extension backed up by facilities for analysis of survey data and a data archive of surveys on population-related courses.
UPPI is a Council Member of the Committee for International Co-operation in National Research in Demography (CICRED).
Course Offering.
The Master of Arts in Demography is a degree program that aims to train practitioners of Demography who are able to conduct independent high quality research, teach Demography courses at both graduate and undergraduate levels, conduct short-term demographic training programs and engage in population program formulation and evaluation.
The Master in Population Studies (MPopS) is a non-thesis program that aims to meet the need for population practitioners with a strong grounding in the theory and methods of Demography and the ability to critically analyze the interrelationship between population factors and development in its various ramifications, from an interdisciplinary perspective.
UP Population Institute Library.
The UP Population Institute Library is housed within the College of Social Sciences and Philosophy (Palma Hall) building. It serves students, faculty, and staff of the university as well as outside researchers and practitioners engaged in population and related research from academic institutions, non-government organizations, and other government agencies. Each year, it strives to sustain and improve its collection of books, journals, and related information.
Third World Studies Center.
The Third World Studies Center (TWSC) of the University of the Philippines is an academic research institute based at the College of Social Sciences and Philosophy (CSSP), committed to analyze and develop alternative perspectives on Philippine, regional and global issues.
The TWSC has a long tradition of research on critical political economy, development issues, democratization, and governance. Research is focused on the search for progressive discourses and alternative paradigms. Guided by the principles of participatory research, the main objectives of the Center's researches are to develop Third World perspectives on various issues and to translate knowledge generated in order to promote actions for change or to improve existing local actions. Central to this process of knowledge transformation is the role of social movements and civil society, which the Center works closely with.
TWSC's current research agenda is to document and analyze resistance and alternatives to neoliberal globalization in Southeast Asia and to locate spaces for policy intervention, probe deeper the issue of human security in the Philippines and to surface and reconstruct narratives in the memory and history of protests.
The Center serves as a forum for the articulation and analyses of various issues, as well as a mechanism for dialogue and debate among scholars, governments and the larger society. TWSC-sponsored activities provide support for class instruction, especially in courses requiring discussions on contemporary social, political and economic concerns.

</doc>
<doc id="18824302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824302" title="Shah Alam Circuit">
Shah Alam Circuit

Shah Alam Circuit or Batu Tiga Speedway Circuit was a racing circuit in Malaysia. The circuit is located in the capital of Selangor in Shah Alam, between the Shah Alam Stadium and Federal Highway. The circuit layout was designed by Dutchman John Hugenholtz.
History.
The circuit was opened in 1968 with the first Grand Prix won by Indonesian Hengkie Iriawan. It became a venue for the Malaysian Grand Prix from 1968 until 1982, whereby the starting field consisted alternately of vehicles from the Formula Atlantic, Formula Pacific or Formula 2. The last Malaysian Grand Prix race held in Shah Alam was held for Formula Holden in 1995.
The circuit was closed in 1977 after an accident that killed six children, although it later reopened after improvements of fences and guard rails around the track were carried out. In the same year, the first international racing was held, the World Sportscar Championship, won by Jacky Ickx driving a Porsche 962C.
The circuit hosted rounds of the Superbike World Championship in the 1990 and 1991, and from 1991 to 1997 it hosted the Malaysian motorcycle Grand Prix. Mick Doohan is the all-time leader in motorcycle Grand Prix victories at the venue, winning the event four times. The motorcycle Grand Prix was later moved to the Johor Circuit, and later to the Sepang International Circuit.
In 2003 the circuit was sold by Selangor state government to a property developer, which then developed the area into a luxury housing project by the name D'Kayangan.
Details.
The Batu Tiga Speedway Circuit Track Details In Brief:
In popular culture.
The track was used as one of the shooting locations for Jackie Chan's 1995 film Thunderbolt.

</doc>
<doc id="18824313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824313" title="Letter to Loretta">
Letter to Loretta

Letter to Loretta (also known as The Loretta Young Show) is an American anthology drama series telecast on NBC from September 1953 to June 1961 for a total of 165 episodes. The filmed show was hosted by Loretta Young who also played the lead in various episodes.
"Letter to Loretta" was sponsored by Procter & Gamble from 1953 through 1960. The final season's sponsor was Warner-Lambert's Listerine.
Overview.
The program began with the premise that each drama was an answer to a question asked in her fan mail; the program's original title was "Letter to Loretta". The title was changed to "The Loretta Young Show" during the first season (as of February 14, 1954), and the "letter" concept was dropped altogether at the end of the second season. At this time, Young's health, which had deteriorated due to a heavy production schedule during the second season, required that there be a number of guest hosts and guest stars; her first appearance in the 1955-56 season was for the Christmas show.
From this point on, Young appeared in only about half of each season's shows as an actress and merely functioned as the program hostess for the remainder. This program, minus Young's introductions and summarized conclusions (Young insisted on their deletion due to her concern that the dresses she wore in those segments would "date" the program), was rerun in daytime by NBC as "The Loretta Young Theatre" from October 1960 to December 1964, and then appeared, again without the introductions and conclusions, in syndication through the 1970s. In 1992, selected episodes of the original series (with Young's opening and closing segments intact), authorized by Young herself and chosen from her personal collection of 16mm film prints, were released on home video, and eventually shown on cable television.
Awards.
In 1959, the series won a Golden Globe Award for Best TV Show. Loretta Young won three Best Actress Primetime Emmy Awards in 1955, 1957 and 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="18824317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824317" title="University of Pretoria Library Services">
University of Pretoria Library Services

University of Pretoria Library Services serves the students, faculty and researchers of the University of Pretoria. The library of the University of Pretoria is regarded as one of the best university libraries in South Africa. It provides a comprehensive information service for the university's approximately 39 000 undergraduate students, 25 000 postgraduates and 4 000 full-time staff members.
History.
The original library was initially housed in the Old Arts building before being relocated to the Old Merensky Library, University of Pretoria. Despite expansions to the Old Merensky Library, University of Pretoria in 1957, it soon became too small and the firm Lou, Marais, Marquard and Kuhn was appointed in 1969 to design a new library. Construction started in November 1971 and in August 1975 the building was completed.
Libraries.
The Merensky II Library (Main campus library) includes the Learning Centre, Technical Services and the following faculty libraries:
- Economic & Management Sciences
- Natural & Agricultural Sciences
- Engineering & Built Environment
- Humanities (incl. Music)
- Theology
The Oliver R Tambo Law Library is housed within the Faculty of Law building on the main campus. The other faculty libraries, which are spread over four different campuses, are the Education Library (Groenkloof), the Mamelodi Library, the Veterinary Science Library (the only one in South Africa), and the Health Sciences Library.
The Library Services focus on supporting the learning needs of undergraduate students at the Learning Centre and providing customised research support via Faculty Libraries in support of the University's core business.
The library strives to be the leader in the provision of solutions for information and knowledge challenges to academic excellence. Therefore, in addition to the traditional library services, the Library Services present an array of electronic services, which include, e-Books; e-Journals; customised faculty library web pages; UPeTD database; UPSpace (the University's institutional repository); Ask-a-Librarian (an online reference service); and openUP (a collection of full text research articles published by UP staff, students and affiliates).
Faculty Libraries.
Economic & Management Sciences
Education
Engineering, Built Environment & Information Technology
Health Sciences
Humanities
Law
Natural & Agricultural Sciences
Theology
Veterinary Science

</doc>
<doc id="18824328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824328" title="Adaon Kalalla">
Adaon Kalalla

Adaon Kalalla (born 7 January 1991 in Kinshasa, Congo DR) is a Belgium footballer who plays in Belgium for KSK Beveren.
Career.
Kalala began his career with R.U.S. Albert Schaerbeek and joined 2006 to R.S.C. Anderlecht. In was promoted to senior team on 3 May 2007. He played his first game for R.S.C. Anderlecht on 2 May 2007. After three years left R.S.C. Anderlecht and signed on 4 August 2009 a two years contract for KSK Beveren.
International.
Kalala played for his homeland Congo DR national football team on Under 19 Level and was former member of the Under 15 team from Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="18824333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824333" title="École des officiers de la gendarmerie nationale">
École des officiers de la gendarmerie nationale

L’École des officiers de la gendarmerie nationale, the French Gendarmerie nationale Officers School, was created in 1901 and based in the Schomberg district in Paris. At the time it was simply to give additional training to NCOs likely to enter the officer corps. In 1918, following the First World War, the school moved to Versailles and diversified by including in its ranks officers from other armies. It was not until 1937 that the school was given a flag. This emblem was officially handed over to the chef de corps, Colonel Picot, 14 July 1937, on the Champs-Élysées by the President Albert Lebrun. During the Second World War, the school moved to Pau then back to Paris before finding its current home in the Augereau district in Melun on 1 October 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18824334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824334" title="Jan Gerard Palm">
Jan Gerard Palm

Jan Gerard Palm (2 June 1831 – 13 December 1906) was a 19th-century composer. Palm is often referred to as the "father of Curaçao's classical music".
Biography.
Born in Curaçao, Palm had directed several music ensembles by a relatively young age. In 1859, he was appointed music director of the citizen's guard orchestra in Curaçao. Palm played several musical instruments such as piano, organ, lute, clarinet, flute and mandolin. As an organist, Palm played for many years in the Jewish synagogue Emanu-El and Mikvé Israel, the Protestant Fort Church and the Lodge Igualdad in Curaçao. He was also a regular contributor to the widely read and influential periodical "Notas y Letras" (Notes and Letters). This periodical was issued in Curaçao in the period 1886–1888, with numerous subscribers throughout Latin America and the Caribbean.
When Palm died at the age of 75, on 13 December 1906, gifted musicians and composers of the Palm family such as Rudolph Palm (1880–1950), John Palm (1885–1925), Toni Palm (1885–1963) and Jacobo Palm (1887–1982) followed in the footsteps set by their maestro and grandfather and further passed this tradition on to their own descendants such as Albert Palm (1903–1958), Edgar Palm (1905–1998) and Robert Rojer (1939).
Compositions.
As a composer, Palm can be characterized as both original and productive. One of his well known statements used to be that a good composition should include at least one surprising change. Palm wrote more than 180 compositions. His waltzes and mazurkas can be characterized by a rich use of harmonic variations. His polkas, marches and galop reveal his buoyant life style. Palm was also often progressive, in the sense of not being afraid of using chords that were relatively unusual for his time. The rhythms that he wrote for each of his danzas are typically complex, very creole and sensual. In the dominantly prudish 19th century, Jan Gerard Palm was the only composer who dared to write erotic tumbas. 
Alongside dance music written for the piano, Palm also wrote larger works for the orchestra and for piano and violin. Examples of the latter are the fantasies and serenades. Finally he also wrote several pieces for services in the synagogue, the protestant church and the Lodge.

</doc>
<doc id="18824346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824346" title="Ancient Bath House of Nazareth">
Ancient Bath House of Nazareth

The Ancient Bath House of Nazareth was discovered in the late 1990s by Elias and Martina Shama during renovations inside their shop near Mary's Well in Nazareth. Archaeologists that examined the bath house have assigned its construction to various periods, the oldest of these being the Greek or Roman period in Palestine.
History of Discovery.
In the late 1990s, a local Nazareth couple, Elias and Martina Shama discovered pipes in their wall, and a portion of a tunnel. Digging through the wall, they discovered underground passages that, upon further digging revealed a vast underground complex. According to "Under Nazareth, Secrets in Stone" (Dec 17, 2002, International Herald Tribune):
A North American research team conducted high-resolution ground penetrating radar (GPR) surveys at a number of locations in and around Mary’s Well in 2004-5 to determine appropriate locations for further digging to be conducted beneath the bathhouse. Samples were collected for radio-carbon dating and the initial data from GPR readings seem to confirm the presence of additional subterranean structures.
In 2003, archaeologist Richard Freund stated his belief that the site was clearly of Roman-era origins: ""I am sure that what we have here is a bathhouse from the time of Jesus," he says, "and the consequences of that for archaeology, and for our knowledge of the life of Jesus, are enormous."
Carbon 14 dating was done on 3 samples of charcoal, each was found to come from a very different time period, indicating the bath house had been used in multiple periods, and at least was used sometime between 1300-1400, although with only 3 samples dated, it is possible for the bath house to be older.

</doc>
<doc id="18824354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824354" title="Bactra lancealana">
Bactra lancealana

Bactra lancealana is a moth of the family Tortricidae found in Europe. The moth has a wingspan of 11–20 mm. and flies from May to October. Bactra lancealana larvae mainly feed on various rushes, including Juncus and Scirpus.

</doc>
<doc id="18824355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824355" title="Niels Houman">
Niels Houman

Niels Houman (born 2 July 1989 in Belgium) is a Belgian footballer who plays in Belgium for Verbroedering Meldert.
Career.
He began his career at R.S.C. Anderlecht where he stayed until January 2009 when he moved to second division club Oud-Heverlee Leuven.

</doc>
<doc id="18824383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824383" title="Cédric Ciza">
Cédric Ciza

Cédric Ciza (born February 2, 1990 in Bujumbura) is a Burundian footballer who plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht.
Career.
Ciza began his career with F.C. Ganshoren and was in summer 2004 scouted from R.S.C. Anderlecht. He left than in summer 2009 the Belgium club R.S.C. Anderlecht and signed in the Netherlands a loan deal with MVV Maastricht. In December 2009 returned to RSC Anderlecht and joined after his return to the league rival Charleroi SC.
International career.
Ciza was in the Squad from Belgium U-17 for the U-17 EM in Belgium 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18824395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824395" title="Vamshi (film)">
Vamshi (film)

Vamshi () is an Indian Kannada-language film starring Puneeth Rajkumar and Nikitha in the lead roles.It is directed by Prakash and produced by Smt. Parvathamma Rajkumar. The film released on 2 October 2008.
Plot.
VamshiPuneeth Rajkumar is a trainee in police academy, who often gets angry in any circumstance. Even for minor causes, he gets angry and this makes him land into trouble.Once after training, while he is about to be transferred to Bangalore for posting, vamshi's anger and past make him lose his interview. His past reveals that he is the son of a rowdy K.R., who was recently murdered by the other group led by Jeyachandra. His anger, and the link of police and politicians with Jeyachandra (Another rowdy) ends the vamshi's police interview as a failure. 
He gets dejected and being the son of K.R., joins his father's (K.R's) rowdy team as its leader, and is helped by another politician to kill jeyachandra and other enemies of K.R. While doing so, he is cast away from his mother (Lakshmi) and lover (Nikita), which he realizes later of their importance and Love and Affection. Finally He changes back to the calm life, whereas his own rowdy team and the politician who helped vamshi in his initial years as rowdy turn against him, because they want vamshi to be in the rowdy business. A fight ensues between the group and vamshi, and finally vamshi emerges as winner. Finally, vamshi takes up job as a teacher, and he, nikita and lakshmi live happily ever after.
Music.
The official soundtrack contains six songs composed by R P Patnaik with lyrics penned by V.Nagendra Prasad, Ram Narayan. The audio of the film released on 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18824396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824396" title="Eupoecilia ambiguella">
Eupoecilia ambiguella

The Vine Moth "(Eupoecilia ambiguella)" is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe, China (Anhui, Fujian, Gansu, Guizhou, Hebei, Heilongjiang, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, Shaanxi, Shanxi, Sichuan, Tianjin, Xinjiang, Yunnan, Zhejiang), India, Japan, Korea, Mongolia and the Russian Far East.
The wingspan is 12–15 mm. The moth flies from May to August.
The larvae mainly feed on Dogwood, "Rhamnus frangula", "Hedera helix", "Rhamnus cathartica", Grape and Honeysuckle. The species is considered a pest for grapes.

</doc>
<doc id="18824398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824398" title="W29">
W29

W29 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18824399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824399" title="USS Kent Island (AG-78)">
USS Kent Island (AG-78)

USS "Kent Island" (AG-78/AKS-26) was a "Belle Isle"-class miscellaneous auxiliary acquired by the U.S. Navy shortly before the end of World War II. She was used to transport personnel and cargo and was inactivated and disposed of shortly after the war.
Constructed at Portland, Maine.
"Kent Island" (AG-78) was launched 9 January 1945 by New England Shipbuilding Corporation, South Portland, Maine, under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract; sponsored by Mrs. Nan Hatch; transferred to the Navy 19 January 1945; commissioned the same day, ferried to Todd Shipbuilding Company, Hoboken, New Jersey; decommissioned 23 January 1945 for conversion to a barracks and issue ship; and recommissioned 1 August 1945, Comdr. W. C. Ball, USNR, in command.
World War II-related service.
After shakedown in the Chesapeake Bay, "Kent Island" cleared Norfolk, Virginia, 31 August for duty with the Service Force Pacific Fleet. She arrived Pearl Harbor 9 October via San Diego, California, to commence operations in Hawaiian waters. 
She sailed for Okinawa 17 October to receive Navy veterans for transportation to the United States, and returned San Francisco, California, 30 November. "Kent Island" cleared San Francisco 3 January 1946, transited the Panama Canal, and arrived Hampton Roads 26 January.
Inactivation.
Following upkeep, she put into Orange, Texas, 15 March where she was placed out of commission in reserve 22 June 1946. She was redesignated "AKS-26" on 18 August 1951 and struck from the Navy List 1 April 1960. "Kent Island" was sold to Southern Scrap Material Co. 2 November 1960 to be scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="18824423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824423" title="Yair Farm">
Yair Farm

Yair Farm (, ) is an Israeli outpost in the West Bank. Located near Nofim and Yakir, it falls under the jurisdiction of Shomron Regional Council. It is home to around 15 families.
It was first established in 1999, and named after Yair Stern, leader of the pre-state underground militant group Lehi, though the community's website notes the name of Yair ben Menashe. Although it was later evacuated, it was re-established in February 2001. According to Peace Now, the parent settlement of this outpost is Yakir and of the area that this outpost is built on is expropriated private Palestinian land. The Sasson Report reported that the Israeli Ministry of Housing and Construction had allocated 1 million NIS for the construction of several structures at the outpost.
Yair Farm, like all Israeli outposts, is illegal under Israeli law. The international community views Israeli outposts as Israeli settlements and considers them also illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this. 

</doc>
<doc id="18824424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824424" title="Natalia Erdyniyeva">
Natalia Erdyniyeva

Natalia Erdyniyeva (, "Natálya Konstantínovna Erdyníyeva"; born August 6, 1988 in Ulan-Ude, Buryatia) is an athlete from Russia who competes in archery. Natalia is a student at Buryat State University in Ulan-Ude. She was trained by her parents, starting with her mother Gerelma Erdyniyeva. Her hobby is dancing.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Erdyniyeva finished her ranking round with a total of 647 points. This gave her the 11th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Nathalie Dielen in the first round, beating the archer from Switzerland with 107-102. In the second round she was too strong for Iwona Marcinkiewicz with 104-103. She was upset in the third round of competition when she lost against 27th seed Zhang Juanjuan with 110-98. Zhang eventually went on to win the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18824433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824433" title="2009 World Masters Games">
2009 World Masters Games

The Sydney 2009 World Masters Games, the seventh edition of what has developed into the world’s largest multi-sport event in terms of participation, is being held in the largest city in Australia and the capital city of New South Wales from 10 October to 18 October in 2009.
Open to sportspeople of all abilities and most ages – the minimum age criterion ranges between 25 and 35 years depending on the sport – the Sydney 2009 World Masters Games includes competitors from more than 100 countries who are competing in 28 sports.
Many of the Sydney 2009 World Masters Games sports competitions are taking place at 2000 Olympic Games venues, something that has not been the case to any significant degree at any of the previous six World Masters Games. The Sydney International Regatta Centre, the Sydney International Shooting Centre and several Sydney Olympic Park facilities, including the Sydney Olympic Park Aquatic Centre, the Sydney Olympic Park Archery Centre and the Sydney Olympic Park Athletic Centre to list just three, are just some of the sites at which Sydney 2009 World Masters Games competitors are competing.
Sports.
The Sydney 2009 World Masters Games features 28 sports – 15 core sports that are mandatory for all events under the auspices of the International Masters Games Association and 13 optional sports that the Sydney 2009 World Masters Games Organising Committee proposed to the International Masters Games Association.
Sydney 2009 World Masters Games Advisory Committee.
Appointed by the New South Wales Government to advise the New South Wales Minister for Sport and Recreation and the Chief Executive Officer of the Sydney 2009 World Masters Games Organising Committee on all aspects of the planning and staging of the Sydney 2009 World Masters Games, the Sydney 2009 World Masters Games Advisory Committee, as of March 2009, comprised these seven people:
Sydney 2009 World Masters Games Organising Committee.
Headed by Shane O'Leary, the Sydney 2009 World Masters Games Organising Committee comprises five divisions with, as of March 2009, its key personnel being:

</doc>
<doc id="18824435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824435" title="Quentin Crommen">
Quentin Crommen

Quentin Crommen (born 3 May 1991 in Charleroi) is a Belgian footballer currently playing for amateur side RJS Heppignies Lambusart Fleurus.

</doc>
<doc id="18824442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824442" title="Eucosma campoliliana">
Eucosma campoliliana

Eucosma campoliliana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 13–18 mm. The moth flies from June to August. .
The larvae mainly feed on Jacobaea vulgaris.

</doc>
<doc id="18824448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824448" title="United States offshore drilling debate">
United States offshore drilling debate

The U.S. offshore drilling debate is an ongoing debate in the United States on whether or not offshore drilling should be allowed for new wells off the coast of the U.S. 
The issue saw increased coverage when President George W. Bush in July 2008 lifted a 1990 executive order by George H. W. Bush banning offshore drilling, while at the same time calling for drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
The issue of offshore drilling became central in the 2008 presidential election, not least because of the oil price increases since 2003. It is also being debated in terms of both environmental issues and U.S. energy independence. As of September 2008, President Barack Obama is for limited offshore drilling as part of an extensive energy independence overhaul.
Bush's energy policy was named "drill and veto" by U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. The Drill Responsibly in Leased Lands (DRILL) Act (H.R. 6515) is one of the bills discussed in the Congress about drilling. In Florida, many counties, cities, chambers of commerce, and other local agencies have passed resolutions against oil drilling in Florida waters.
On March 31, 2010, President Obama announced that he was opening new areas in U.S. coastal waters to offshore drilling for gas and oil. This was in stark contrast to his reaction only a few weeks later to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico that has become the largest offshore oil spill in United States history. In November 2010, the Obama administration rescinded the decision to open new areas.
Background.
As interpreted by the federal courts, the Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution gives the federal government certain regulatory power over "navigable waters" of the United States. The Submerged Lands Act of 1953 and Continental Shelf Lands Act of 1953, along with the 1960 Supreme Court decision in "United States v. States of Louisiana, Texas, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida", divided ownership of the tidelands of the United States between state and federal governments. States own the sea and seabed out to , except Texas and Florida which own out to . The federal government owns the remainder of the territorial waters. 
The 28 January 1969 blowout at a Unocal rig, which spilled of petroleum off the coast of Santa Barbara, California, resulted in drilling bans in offshore California and Florida. 
Offshore drilling has continued in offshore Texas and Louisiana. In 2006, an area in the Gulf of Mexico known as lease 181 was opened for exploration. The existing moratorium on leasing on the Outer Continental Shelf expires in 2012, and the debate is on whether or not to extend it.
National security issues.
Energy independence.
The chief argument in favor of lifting the ban is that offshore drilling helps the United States become less dependent on imported oil. Geopolitically, the U.S. would be less vulnerable to sanctions by oil-producing countries hostile to the United States. It would also make the United States less vulnerable to a stop in a country's oil exports, due to, for example, a civil war or an invasion of that country. Economically, if a larger share of the oil being consumed were produced in the United States, it would lessen the U.S. trade deficit with the rest of the world. The debate often makes references to the 1973 oil crisis and 1979 energy crisis.
Military training.
In 2005, U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld stated that offshore drilling would disrupt military training and weapons testing, if done in an area of the Gulf of Mexico along the coast of Florida.
Relations with Cuba.
Although offshore drilling has long been banned in federal waters off the state of Florida, Cuba has been drilling its own offshore area near Florida. The subject became an issue in the 2008 presidential race, with assertions and denials of the reality of Cuban offshore drilling. On 31 October 2008, Brazilian and Cuban presidents Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva and Raul Castro attended a ceremony at which the Brazilian oil company Petrobras agreed to drill for oil in Cuban offshore waters near Florida.
Economic issues.
Fuel price.
One motivation of increased offshore drilling is to reduce the current fuel prices. In 2007, the Energy Information Administration at the U.S. Dep. of Energy analyzed the effect of lifting the ban on oil and gas leasing on the Atlantic and Pacific coasts and the eastern Gulf of Mexico. With leasing beginning in 2012, the agency projected that production of oil would not be expected to start before 2017, and that as a result US oil production by 2030 would be 7% higher than it would be otherwise. The effect on fuel prices, however, would be "insignificant."
The Natural Resources Defense Council estimated that with increased offshore leasing and drilling, the price of oil would only drop about 3–4 cents in 15 to 20 years.
Environmental issues.
Oil spills.
Offshore facilities pose an environmental risk of oil spills. On April 20, 2010, an underwater blowout and subsequent explosion and fire destroyed the Deepwater Horizon rig owned by Transocean Ltd. and operating in the Gulf of Mexico under lease to energy giant BP, resulting in the largest oil spill in United States history.
Endangered species.
The federal Minerals Management Service gave permission to BP and dozens of other oil companies to drill in the Gulf of Mexico without first getting required permits that assesses threats to endangered species.
Public opinion.
Polls by independent national polling concerns in the US generally show majorities in favor of offshore drilling.
The Pew Research Center, which had documented a large and sharp drop in support for allowing more offshore drilling following the Deepwater Horizon spill in 2010 (down to 44% in favor versus 52% against), found that by March 2012, support for increased offshore drilling had returned to its pre-Deepwater Horizon level, with 65% in favor versus 31% against.
A series of CNN polls 2008-2011 showed that support for increased offshore drilling dropped from 75% before the Deepwater Horizon spill to 57% shortly after. By April 2011, support had increased to 69%, versus 31% opposed.
The Gallup organization found 50% support for increased offshore drilling in May 2010, a month after the Deepwater Horizon explosion. By March 2011, that support had increased to 60% in favor versus 37% opposed.

</doc>
<doc id="18824461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824461" title="W33">
W33

W33 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18824464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824464" title="El Matan">
El Matan

El Matan (, lit. "Towards Matan" or "God's Gift") is an Israeli outpost in the West Bank, located around a kilometer south (and inside the official boundaries) of Ma'ale Shomron, under the jurisdiction of the Shomron Regional Council. The outpost was established in 2000 allegedly on state lands by a group of religious youths from nearby settlements (Karnei Shomron and Ma'ale Shomron). It is home to an estimated population of 48 (2008), around 16 families and a small number of singles, both religious and non-religious Jews. El Matan is considered an unauthorized outpost by the Israeli government and is illegal under Israeli law. The international community does not differentiate between Israeli outposts and Israeli settlements authorized by the Israeli government. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, though the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18824474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824474" title="Epinotia tedella">
Epinotia tedella

Epinotia tedella is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 10–13 mm. The moth flies in one generation from April to June. In warm years there can be a second generation in August. .
The larvae mainly feed on Norway Spruce.

</doc>
<doc id="18824492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824492" title="Jambonette">
Jambonette

A jambonette is a form of charcuterie composed of approximately equal parts of chopped pork and bacon enclosed in rind, moulded into a pear shape and cooked. It may also refer to stuffed ham or poultry leg.

</doc>
<doc id="18824506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824506" title="Walking in the United Kingdom">
Walking in the United Kingdom

Walking is claimed to be the most popular outdoor recreational activity in the United Kingdom, and within England and Wales there is a comprehensive network of rights of way, which permit easy access to the countryside. The word walking is used in the United Kingdom, and the Irish Republic, to describe all forms of walking, whether it is a walk in the park or trekking in the Alps. On the other hand in North America the term walking is used mainly for short urban walks and hiking is the word used to describe long, vigorous walks in the countryside. The term hiking is also used in the UK, but much less often than walking. In New Zealand a long, vigorous walk or hike is called tramping. Within the UK walking is also sometimes called rambling, and the main organisation that supports walking is The Ramblers. Walking in mountainous areas in the UK is also called hillwalking, or in Northern England, including the Lake District and Yorkshire Dales, fellwalking, from the dialect word fell, for high, uncultivated land. Mountain walking can sometimes involve scrambling.
Access to the countryside.
England and Wales.
Footpaths.
In England and Wales the public has a legally protected right to "pass and repass" (i.e. walk) on footpaths, bridleways and other routes which have the status of a public right of way. Footpaths typically pass over private land, but if they are public rights of way they are public highways with the same protection in law as other highways, such as trunk roads. Public rights of way originated in common law, but are now regulated by the Countryside and Rights of Way Act 2000. These rights have occasionally resulted in conflicts between walkers and landowners. The rights and obligations of farmers who cultivate crops in fields crossed by public footpaths are now specified in the law. Walkers can also use permissive paths, where the public does not have a legal right to walk, but where the landowner has granted permission for them to walk.
Right to roam.
Walkers long campaigned for the right to roam, that is access to privately owned uncultivated land. In 1932 the mass trespass of Kinder Scout had a far-reaching impact. The 1949 Countryside Act created the concept of designated open Country, where access agreements were negotiated with landowners. The Countryside and Rights of Way Act 2000 gave walkers a conditional right to access most areas of uncultivated land.
Scotland.
Footpaths.
In Scotland the public have the right to use any defined route over which the public has been able to pass unhindered for at least 20 years. However, local authorities are not required to maintain and signpost public rights of way as they are in England and Wales.
Right to roam.
In Scotland the public have traditionally been allowed unhindered access to open countryside. The Land Reform (Scotland) Act 2003 formalised and extended this right, by creating a general presumption of access to all land. Recent court cases have seen the rights that walkers seek to protect limited. The most noteworthy case, Ann Gloag v Perth and Kinross Council and the Ramblers Association, saw an area around her home - defined as the curtilage - placed off limits to walkers.
Long-distance footpaths.
Long-distance paths are created by linking public footpaths, other rights of way, and sometimes permissive paths, to form a continuous walking route. They are usually waymarked and guidebooks are available for most long-distance paths. Paths are generally well signposted, although a map is also needed, and a compass may sometimes be needed on high moorland. There are usually places to camp on an extended trip, but accommodation of various kinds is available on many routes. However, occasionally paths are distant from settlements, so that camping is necessary. Water is not available on high downland paths, like The Ridgeway, though taps have been provided at some spots.
Fifteen paths in England and Wales have the status of National Trails, which attract government financial support. Four paths in Scotland have the similar status of Long Distance Routes. The first long-distance path was the Pennine Way, which was proposed by Tom Stephenson in 1935, and finally opened in 1965. Other paths include South Downs Way and Offa's Dyke Path.
Hillwalking.
The United Kingdom offers a wide variety of ascents, from gentle rolling lowland hills to some very exposed routes in the moorlands and mountains. The term "climbing" is used for the activity of tackling the more technically difficult ways of getting up hills involving rock climbing while hillwalking refers to the relatively easier routes.
Some summits require climbing skills, and many hillwalkers will become proficient in scrambling, an activity involving use of the hands for extra support on the crags. Protection using a rope is usually not adopted unless the exposure is very severe, or the weather deteriorates. In Britain, the term "mountaineering" tends to be reserved for high mountain ranges such as the Alps, or for serious domestic hillwalking, typically in winter, with additional equipment such as ice axe and crampons, or for routes requiring rock-climbing skills such as the traverse of the Cuillin ridge. The British Mountaineering Council provides more information on this topic. Popular locations for hillwalking include the Lake District, the Peak District, the Yorkshire Dales, Snowdonia, the Brecon Beacons and Black Mountains, Wales, Dartmoor and the Scottish Highlands, including the Cairngorms, the largest National Park in the UK. The mountains in Britain may seem modest in height, with Ben Nevis at the highest, but the unpredictably wide range of weather conditions and often difficult terrain can make walking in many areas challenging.
Peak bagging provides a focus for the activities of many hillwalkers. The first of the many hill lists compiled for this purpose was the Munros – mountains in Scotland over – which remains one of the most popular.
Walking tour.
A walking tour is an extended walk in the countryside, undertaken by an individual, or group for several days. Walking tours have their origin in the Romantic movement of the late 18th, early 19th-century. It has some similarities with backpacking, trekking, and also tramping in New Zealand, though it need not take place in remote places. In the late 20th-century, with proliferation of official and unofficial long distance walking routes, walkers now are more likely to follow a long distance way, than to plan their own walking tour.
Challenge walks.
Challenge walks are strenuous walks by a defined route to be completed in a specified time. Many are organised as annual events, with hundreds of participants. In May and June, with longer daylight hours, challenge walks may be 40 or more miles. A few are overnight events, covering distances up to 100 miles. Well-known challenge walks include the Lyke Wake Walk and the Three Peaks Challenge in Yorkshire, and the Three Towers Hike in Berkshire.
Walking for health.
In the UK the health benefits of walking have wide recognition. In 1995 Dr William Bird, a general practitioner, started the concept of "health walk" for his patients—regular, brisk walks undertaken for the purpose of improving an individual's health. This led to the formation of the Walking for Health Initiative (WfH, formerly known as 'Walking the way to Health' or WHI) by Natural England and the British Heart Foundation. WfH trains volunteers to lead free health walks from community venues such as libraries and GP surgeries. The scheme has trained over 35,000 volunteers and there are now over 500 Walking for Health schemes across the UK, with thousands of people walking every week. In 2008 the Ramblers launched their flagship Get Walking Keep Walking project, which was funded by the Big Lottery and Ramblers Holidays Charitable Trust. Unlike regular health walks, the Get Walking Keep Walking model uses targeted outreach programmes based around a 12-week walking plan to encourage regular independent walking. In the same year, a new organisation called Walk England was formed, with aid from the National Lottery and the Department for Transport, to provide support to health, transport and environmental professionals who are working to encourage walking.
Organizations.
The government agency responsible for promoting access to the countryside in England is Natural England. In Wales the comparable body is the Countryside Council for Wales, and in Scotland Scottish Natural Heritage. The Ramblers (Britain’s Walking Charity) promotes the interests of walkers in Great Britain and provides information for its members and others. Local Ramblers volunteers organise hundreds of group-led walks every week, all across Britain. These are primarily for members; non-members are welcomed as guests for two or three walks. The Get Walking Keep Walking project provides free led walks for residents in certain areas, information and resources to those new to walking.
The interests of hillwalkers are promoted by the British Mountaineering Council, and the Long Distance Walkers Association assists users of long-distance trails and challenge walkers. Organisations which provide overnight accommodation for walkers include the Youth Hostels Association in England and Wales, the Scottish Youth Hostels Association, and the Mountain Bothies Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18824510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824510" title="Epinotia sordidana">
Epinotia sordidana

Epinotia sordidana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 18–23 mm. The moth flies from August to November. .
The larvae mainly feed on Alder.

</doc>
<doc id="18824512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824512" title="Roman Hontyuk">
Roman Hontyuk

Roman Volodymyrovych Hontyuk (), also spelled Roman Gontyuk, (born 2 February 1984) is a male judoka from Ukraine. He won a silver medal in the half-middleweight (81 kg) division at the 2004 Summer Olympics and bronze medal in the half-middleweight (81 kg) division at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Hontyuk is the Merited Master of Sports of Ukraine.
Olympic journey from Athens 2004.
His Olympic debut started with his match against Adil Belgaid of Morocco and won the match. Throughout the competition, he defeated Reza Chahkhandagh of Iran and world champion Florian Wanner. In the semifinals against Robert Krawczyk of Poland with only 5 seconds left in the match, Roman won by ippon and heads to the finals. In the gold medal match against Ilias Iliadis, Ilias defeated Roman by ippon. Roman won the 2004 Olympic Silver Medal in the judo 
-81kg.

</doc>
<doc id="18824520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824520" title="John Pulleine">
John Pulleine

John James Pulleine (10 September 1841, Spennithorne, Yorkshire - 15 April 1913) was an Anglican Suffragan Bishop in the latter part of the 19th and earliest part of the 20th century.
John James Pulleine was born in Spennithorne, Yorkshire on 10 September 1841, son of the Reverend Robert Pulleine, sometime Rector of Kirby Wiske. He was educated at Marlborough and Trinity College, Cambridge and ordained in 1868. He began his career with a curacy at St Giles-in-the-Fields after which he was appointed Rector of his father’s old parish. Appointed Suffragan to assist the Bishop of Ripon in 1888 he initially took the title of Bishop of Penrith as this was one of the 26 titles permitted by the Act passed by Henry VIII but this was changed to the more relevant Bishop of Richmond when the Bishops Suffragan Nominations Act was passed. “A man whose long experience rendered his counsel invaluable in diocesan affairs”, he died on 15 April 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="18824525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824525" title="Giv'ot Olam">
Giv'ot Olam

Giv'ot Olam (, lit. "Hills of Eternity") is an organic farm and Israeli settlement outpost in the Samarian hills of the West Bank. Located 4.5 kilometres south-east of Itamar, it falls under the jurisdiction of Shomron Regional Council.
The outpost was established in late 1998 by Avri Ran, a right wing activist and organic farmer who raises free-range chickens and sells their eggs on the organic food market.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this concept.

</doc>
<doc id="18824531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824531" title="Epinotia ramella">
Epinotia ramella

Epinotia ramella is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 13–16 mm. The moth flies from June to November. .
LifeSpan.
The larvae mainly feed on the catkins of birch and willow.
Habitat.
Epinotia ramella is found Europe, it lives in well wooded areas that contains food plants.

</doc>
