<doc id="18720509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720509" title="List of Tekken characters">
List of Tekken characters

The following is a list of characters from the fighting game series "Tekken". The characters are listed in order of the games they debuted in.
Characters.
Players can choose from a diverse cast that hails from a variety of ethnic backgrounds and fighting styles. A few characters have supernatural origin, such as Devil and Ogre, while animal characters like Kuma the bear provide comic relief. In the story mode of the game, each character generally has their own personal reasons for entering the tournament and competing for the prize.
Only five characters have appeared in all nine main "Tekken" installments to date: Heihachi Mishima, Kuma, King, Paul Phoenix and Nina Williams. Kazuya Mishima, Yoshimitsu and Lee Chaolan also come close having appeared in eight installments.
Notes:
Update version only.<br>
Skin/palette swap.<br>
Playable in console versions only.<br>
Playable boss.<br>
Unlockable.<br>
Unplayable boss.<br>
Unplayable in Tekken 5.<br>
Unlockable in Tekken 5.<br>
If only in Tekken 5: DR.<br>
If only in Tekken 6: BR.<br>
Unlockable in Tekken 5: DR.<br>
Update and unlockable.
Introduced in "Tekken".
Ganryu.
He appears briefly in the 2011 CGI film "" as a teacher (presumably PE) in Ling Xiaoyu's school. In a Facebook poll by Namco, Ganryu currently ranks as the least wanted Tekken character fans want to see in "Tekken X Street Fighter", with 1.12% votes.
Kuma.
Raised and trained in the Mishima style of fighting arts, the first Kuma became an avid bodyguard for his master. In the first two tournaments, Kuma enters to defeat Paul Phoenix. However, he loses to Paul in both tournaments, and shortly after, he goes missing, leaving behind a young cub, who becomes a bodyguard in his place for Heihachi. In Tekken, Kuma was represented as a Sun Bear; however in "Tekken 2", Kuma is either a grizzly bear or a polar bear, depending on which costume is used.
The second Kuma is the son of the first Kuma. Learning of his father's defeat, Kuma Jr. decides to train with his master and enter The King of Iron Fist Tournament 3. However, he fails, and realizes that due to his docile upbringing by Heihachi, he could not utilize his animal instincts to his full potential. Leaving Heihachi, Kuma Jr. travels to the mountains of Hokkaidō to train himself, both mentally and physically. Now hearing of The King of Iron Fist Tournament 4, Kuma enters, more powerful than ever to defeat Paul. He succeeds, and he quickly returns home in triumph. Now learning that Jinpachi Mishima has taken over the Mishima Zaibatsu, Kuma once again takes his role of the loyal pet, vowing to return the syndicate to Heihachi by entering the King of Iron Fist Tournament 5, but he is defeated by Paul. After the death of his former master, Heihachi Mishima, Kuma believed no one but he could rescue the Mishima Financial Group (MFG) from its captor. Eager to do just that, Kuma confronted the MFG. However, the MFG's new CEO, Jin Kazama, was waiting. Kuma was easily beaten and discarded in the Hokkaido wilderness. Though defeated, his fighting spirit was not lost and he found his former master Heihachi.
Kuma appears as a playable character in "Street Fighter X Tekken", with his official tag partner, Heihachi. He also makes an appearance in "PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale" as part of one of Heihachi's super moves.
Kuma practices "Advanced Bear Fighting", a move set closely resembling Mishima family's style of karate. This fighting style is considered one of the most unique, as it does not rely on straight attacks, but instead uses tricks such as rolls, dodges, and various other stances. Because of this, Kuma is one of the hardest characters to master, as he is quite slow and not very flexible.
UGO Networks listed Kuma as one of the "The 50 Cutest Video Game Characters", adding "It’s always adorable when bears try to do human things". 1UP.com listed Kuma as one of the characters they wanted to see in "Street Fighter X Tekken", stating "you can't have Tekken in the title without some sort of animal that is ready for a throwdown".
Kunimitsu.
She also appears in the non-canonical "Tekken Tag Tournament" and appears as one of the console exclusive characters via DLC in the console version of "Tekken Tag Tournament 2".
As she is a former Manji Clan member, her fighting style is Manji Ninjutsu, similar to Yoshimitsu. At first, she had the same move set as Yoshimitsu in "Tekken", like all other sub-boss characters. In "Tekken 2", while still borrowing some of Yoshimitsu's moves, she was given a unique move set of her own that made use of her iconic kunai. She kept this move set in "Tekken Tag Tournament", receiving even more unique moves. In "Tekken Tag Tournament 2" Kunimitsu's move set was revamped to be even more unique to her.
In the official poll by Namco, Kunimitsu is currently ranked as the 8th most requested "Tekken" character to be playable in "Tekken X Street Fighter", at 10.97% of votes.
Wang Jinrei.
Twenty one years later, Wang received a letter from Jinpachi, which quite shocked him as he believed Jinpachi had died a long time ago. His friend told him to come and meet him at the The King of Iron Fist Tournament 5. In the middle of the tournament, he was defeated by Jin Kazama, who reassured him that his purpose was to wipe out the Mishima family's cursed blood. However, the real chaos began when Jin assumed control of the Mishima Financial Group (MFG). Blaming his failure on his indifference, Jinrei lamented his lack of action. Once again, The King of Iron Fist Tournament is held, and with newfound purpose, Wang participates in The King of Iron Fist Tournament 6. He appears as an enemy in the Scenario Campaign mode in the console version. After defeating him, he had a secret conversation with Lars, telling him about the Mishima Zaibatsu as well as to be cautious with Alisa, apparently knowing that she is in fact a robot spying him. He also had an alliance with Zafina, and convinced her that Lars could defeat Kazuya and Jin.
Wang's fighting style is heavily based on xingyiquan. He originally used moves similar to Michelle Chang, but later installments in the series in which he has appeared have revamped his moveset to be more reminiscent of xingyiquan, as well as to differentiate him from Michelle and Julia Chang.
Introduced in "Tekken 2".
Angel.
As she is a palette swap of Devil, she has the same move set as him, which in turn borrows Kazuya's moves heavily with the addition of extra abilities such as flying and firing lasers. However, she is shorter and has smaller body size than Devil, which makes her slightly inferior. In "Tekken Tag Tournament 2", she is made a separate character, but still borrows many moves from Kazuya as well as the Devil incarnation of Jin, Devil Jin.
She also appears in the non-canonical "Tekken Tag Tournament" and appears as one of the console exclusive returning characters via DLC in the console version of "Tekken Tag Tournament 2".
Baek Doo San.
However, Baek withdrew from the tournament when he found out that Hwoarang lost to Devil Jin, and he was seriously injured. Baek then rushed to the hospital to visit Hwoarang. Although Hwoarang's condition was not considered as something serious after his treatment, Hwoarang would not wake up, and Baek started blaming himself for being an inadequate instructor. It took Hwoarang three days to regain consciousness. They discussed the details, and Hwoarang told Baek that he not only has to recover, but he has to strengthen himself even further. Baek sensed his strong will and his unprecedented modesty, and hence he decided to teach him everything he knows. Baek and Hwoarang returned to Korea, and endeavoured to practice intensely. Eventually, the announcement of The King of Iron Fist Tournament 6 came from the Mishima Zaibatsu, and Baek decides to enter the tournament one last time to widen his personal experience-collection.
His name is notable for being a play on the common Korean surname Baek and the mountain called Baekdusan, the highest mountain in Korea and the most sacred to Korean folklore.
Bruce Irvin.
, who had lost both his parents and elder brother in his infancy, grew up living a life plagued by hunger and much violence. Disliking the cards fate had dealt him, Bruce yearned to live the good life, he therefore turned to fighting and joined the police force. Bruce was sent to Japan to investigate the Mishima Zaibatsu and its leader Kazuya Mishima. Kazuya arranged for the plane Bruce was on to crash, however Bruce survived the crash, although he lost his memories. Kazuya then found him and hired him as a bodyguard. In Tekken 2, Bruce fought his old Police partner Lei Wulong, who entered the tournament to arrest Kazuya. Bruce was defeated and attempted to escape on another plane, however the plane exploded. In "Tekken 3", it was shown that Ogre had one of Bruce's moves, "The Leg Bazooka", so it might be possible Bruce was one of the fighters who were attacked by Ogre. In "Tekken 5", it was revealed that Bruce had been working for several special units, and he was currently working as a survival technical guidance instructor. He entered The King of Iron Fist Tournament 5 in order to test his skills once again. After becoming reacquainted with Kazuya Mishima at the King of Iron Fist Tournament 5, Bruce Irvin decided to assist Kazuya with his scheme to take over G Corporation, and after they had succeeded Kazuya managed to control the corporation from behind closed doors. G Corporation waged war with the Mishima Financial Group (MFG), and Bruce, as Kazuya's captain, led Kazuya's private corps into battle, fighting the MFG over the world. Soon afterwards, G Corporation made preparations to annihilate the MFG by placing an enormous bounty on Jin, and as anticipated, the MFG began to show signs of movement: the opening of King of Iron Fist Tournament 6 was announced. Bruce Irvin has entered the tournament to capture Jin.
He also makes an appearance in "" when fighting Jack-2. Bruce breaks his fist against Jack-2's steel alloy and Jack-2 knocks him into the water.
Roger Sr./Jr. and Alex.
As the Mishima Zaibatsu became more corrupt than ever under Kazuya's leadership which engaged in many illegal activities, Kazuya kidnapped Doctor Bosconovitch and later commanded him to create genetically engineered creatures as one of his projects. Through Bosconovitch, modified animals were created with DNA samples. was created from Kangaroo DNA, whereas was created using DNA from Dromaeosaurid fossil samples. However, Kazuya thought that both of them were worthless creations and wanted to kill them, though they were able to escape and met Armor King, who taught them to wrestle. Both Alex and Roger then enter to fight in the Second Iron Fist Tournament. During the tournament, Jun, who is a WWWC officer assigned to arrest Kazuya for smuggling and experimenting on endangered species, found Roger and Alex. She quickly arranged for them to live out their lives in Australia, where they would be safe. While Alex does not appear or mentioned in subsequent canonical games, Roger's story was expanded in "Tekken 5". He was revealed to live peacefully alongside his wife and his son, whom he named Roger Jr.. One day, he was kidnapped by Mishima Zaibatsu, and Roger Jr., aided by his mother enters The King of Iron Fist Tournament 5 to find him. They soon found out that Roger was not "abducted", but rather was enjoying an easy and luxury life. In "Tekken 6", Roger's wife, having been divorced from Roger decided to start a new life with Roger Jr.. However, she found that living a life without Roger is hard. When she heard announcement of The King of Iron Fist Tournament 6, she joins in hopes to win and secure their financial security.
Both Roger and Alex also appear the non-canonical "Tekken Tag Tournament" as well as its sequel "Tekken Tag Tournament 2", although Roger Jr. replaces Roger in the latter game. In "Tekken 2" and "Tekken Tag Tournament", Roger and Alex share the same slot as they have exactly the same stance and move set, similar to Kuma and Panda. In "Tekken Tag Tournament 2" however, Alex was separated and given several unique moves to differentiate him from Roger Jr..
The fighting style of Roger (and later Roger Jr.) and Alex is "Commando Wrestling", a mix of professional wrestling and boxing. Some of their moves are shared with King, possibly as a result of Armor King teaching them.
Introduced in "Tekken 3".
Bryan Fury.
A young ruthless and power hungry former soldier who served as an officer in Interpol, was shot and killed by gunmen during a shootout in Hong Kong. His corpse is placed in the custody of Doctor Abel for scientific research and he is revived in order for him to be Abel's agent in obtaining classified information on raising a cyborg-led army. Bryan enters the King of Iron Fist Tournament 3 in hopes of killing Yoshimitsu and capturing Dr. Bosconovitch, Abel's rival. In "Tekken 4", Bryan learns that his body is deteriorating and that he is close to death. Upon learning that his creator, Doctor Abel, has become head scientific advisor of the Mishima Zaibatsu, he grows to despise them for taking Abel away from him, and Abel himself, for abandoning him. Bryan enters the tournament with the hope of becoming the head of the Mishima Zaibatsu, enabling him to order Doctor Abel to modify his body and prevent him from dying. Despite not winning, Bryan eventually finds Abel, and uses his last ounce of strength to knock Abel out before losing consciousness. Later on, he wakes up in the laboratory of none other than Dr. Bosconovitch, who tells him that Yoshimitsu rescued him while robbing Heihachi Mishima's mansion, and promises to transfer Bryan's mind into a new body, although it will take a whole year. Bryan silently agrees to let Bosconovitch put him to sleep. Bryan, however, awakens a month later and is told by Bosconovitch that his body was too complicated for himself to work with, but as a last resort, he had installed a perpetual power generator in him to grant him immortality. Upon learning this, Bryan attacks Bosconovitch and the Manji clan members assigned to guard him, and leaves the laboratory. Bryan enters the "Tekken 5" tournament to test his performance with the generator installed, unaware that Yoshimitsu is pursuing him for revenge. Yoshimitsu's repeated meddling hinders Bryan's hopes of unlocking the generator's true powers in the King of Iron Fist Tournament 5. Soon afterwards, Bryan's frustration reaches its pinnacle, and he begins to destroy everything in sight after abandoning the tournament. Driven by rage, he joins various battlefields over the world, indiscriminately leveling everything in his way into rubble. However, he soon grows tired of the same thing repeating itself countless times. Around this time, he catches wind of the "Tekken 6" tournament. Seeing another chance to test the generator's true powers, he signs up. Bryan and his official tag partner, Jack-X appears in "Street Fighter X Tekken" as playable DLC.
In the official poll by Namco, Bryan is currently ranked as the 10th most requested "Tekken" character to be playable in "Tekken X Street Fighter", at 9.72% of votes.
Dr. Bosconovitch.
Bosconovitch is also included as a secret bonus character in the console version of "Tekken 3" and is playable in the console version of "Tekken Tag Tournament 2" as part of free update that was released on November 13, 2012.
In the official poll by Namco, Geppetto is currently ranked as the 21st most requested "Tekken" character to be playable in "Tekken X Street Fighter", at 6.40% of votes.
Gon.
Gon made his first video game appearance in the SNES game of the same name. It is a platformer game that relies on passwords instead of a save system. Gon goes to different types of ecosystems and fights off animals. Gon has attacks such as a tail whip, a head butt, or a chomp.
Gon is a licensed guest character appearing in "Tekken 3". He is unlockable by defeating him in the Tekken Ball mode or by achieving a high score in Survival mode and inputing the name "GON". He is one of the two special hidden playable characters, along with Doctor Bosconovitch. It is unknown if Gon's appearance in "Tekken 3" is canon or not. His appearance seems purely ornamental, considering no motive is given for him participating in the third King of Iron Fist Tournament. Gon's ending is the only ending in "Tekken 3" that goes in a continuous loop. Gon's alternate costume for this game shows him with a turtle shell and blue gloves (the turtle shell being a reference to the time when Gon decided to wear a turtle shell that he found). Gon is the only character in "Tekken 3" who is barely affected by True Ogre's fire blast. It only does 1 damage point to Gon and only flinches him as opposed to stunning him like all of the other characters in the game. Producer of the series Katsuhiro Harada has mentioned that Gon will not be returning in any future "Tekken" games due to licensing, making him the only character in the Tekken series to never appear in any sequels after his initial debut.
Forest Law.
The proud, yet naive and somewhat silly son of Marshall Law, trains at his father's dojo to achieve Marshall's success and greatness. As a protective father, Marshall has forbidden his son from entering any contests outside the dojo. Marshall's long-time friend and competitor, Paul Phoenix, visits once every few months to spar with Marshall. One day, when Paul arrived, Marshall was away supervising the building of a new dojo. Paul insisted that Forest join him in The King of Iron Fist Tournament 3. Although at first Forest declined, he eventually accepted. This caused a falling out between Paul and Marshall however, as Marshall was enraged when he found out what happened.
While Marshall re-replaces Forest in further installments, Forest is still mentioned throughout. He was mentioned in "Tekken 5", where he was apparently involved in a motorcycle accident that left him hospitalized, which becomes Marshall's reason for entering The King of Iron Fist Tournament 5. He also appears in "Tekken Tag Tournament" in replacement of Marshall, and its sequel, "Tekken Tag Tournament 2" as a console exclusive character.
Hwoarang.
His name is based on the 2nd Gup tul of the same name in ITF Tae Kwon Do. He can in fact be seen performing the pattern during the "Tekken 3" embu attract screen (both arcade and PS versions).
In 2010, Now Gamer's Dave Cook listed Juri and Hwoarang as one of the matchups in his "Street Fighter X Tekken Character Wishlist". In 2013, Complex listed Hwoarang as the 13th "Best "Tekken" Video Game Character".
Ogre/True Ogre.
At the time of Ogre's introduction in Tekken 3, he (in both forms) mostly compromises moves from most of the Tekken 2 characters such as Armor King, Baek, Bruce, Jun, Kunimitsu, Lee, and Wang as well as the moves of Jin Kazama in Tekken 3. In addition to a couple of moves of his own (his "Deadly Spear" attack and his "Ancient Power" move, which works like an attack reversal or parry technique). True Ogre has the same moveset as Ancient Ogre (lacking his "Ancient Power"), but with the addition of specific moves such as flying and breathing fire. Because of this, both his Ancient and True forms lack string combos (which other characters have). Both forms also gained a unique low attack in Tekken Tag Tournament.
Both Ogre forms also re-appear in the non-canonical "Tekken Tag Tournament" as well as its sequel "Tekken Tag Tournament 2" where his True form serves as the Stage 8 sub-boss and his Ancient form appears as downloadable content for the console version. Ogre's True form appears as an unplayable final boss in "Tekken Revolution", where a special golden version of him exists, rewarding the player more if he is defeated. His ancient form also appears in "Street Fighter X Tekken", where he is one of the bosses (alongside Akuma).
Panda.
Since her introduction, she has always been a palette swap of Kuma, and thus has the same move set as him. In "Tekken Tag Tournament 2", she is separated from Kuma and is given her own slot, even though she still has the same move set as Kuma's.
Introduced in "Tekken 4".
Combot.
Combot is featured as a training dummy in the new Fight Lab feature in the console version of "Tekken Tag Tournament 2", where he can be customized and played as. According to the non-canon Fight Lab storyline (which is very similar to Combot's "Tekken 4" story), Lee (under the guise of Violet) completes work on Combot as part of his Super Combot DX Plan. One completed model is subjected to a simulation test, but it explodes when Violet forgets to pay attention. He decides to use another model from scratch and subjected it to five tests of fighting. For the final test, Violet kidnaps Heihachi, Jin, and Kazuya to use as challengers. Although Combot manages to gain the upper hand, Jin transforms into his Devil form and destroys it. However, this is merely used as a ruse; Violet goes on to make the model explode, presumably taking the Mishima bloodline with it.
In the official poll by Namco, Combot is currently ranked as the 49th most requested "Tekken" character to be playable in "Tekken X Street Fighter", at 2.16% of votes.
Craig Marduk.
Craig Marduk's nationality seems to have been retconned between "Tekken 4" and "Tekken 5", going from American to Australian. He does not speak with an Australian accent, however, suggesting that Marduk may have expatriated. He appears in "Street Fighter X Tekken", with his official tag partner King. Marduk was a villain pre-Tekken 5, andd a hero post-Tekken 5. Craig also share similarities with professional wrestler/actor Nathan Jones.
Steve Fox.
In the 2010 live-action film "Tekken", Steve is portrayed by British singer/actor Luke Goss. In contrast to the video game character, this version of Steve is an older, retired fighter with no blood relation to Nina. He witnesses Jin Kazama defeat Marshall Law in battle and becomes Jin's sponsor for the Iron Fist tournament, also becoming a father figure and mentor to the young fighter, and is killed by Jackhammers while breaking Jin and the other imprisoned participants out of their holding cells. Steve appears as a playable character in "Street Fighter X Tekken", with his official tag partner, Hwoarang.
In "Tekken Tag Tournament 2" (as a playable character) his childhood with the Mishima Zaibatsu is revealed. He was known as "NT01" by Doctor Abel, who experimented on him, resulting in the scar on his left arm. He took refuge with Emma Kliesen, Leo's mother, who once worked for the Zaibatsu. A cutscene shows Steve in the present, lying on the ground looking over to a bright light and saying her name.
At one point during development Steve Fox was once known as Dean Earwicker, but was changed due to backlash. In "Tekken", Steve Fox is a very fast boxer, but has almost no kick moves (instead, the kick buttons are used for dodges).
Introduced in "Tekken 5" and "Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection".
Feng Wei.
As a boy, was raised as a disciple by a "God Fist" Kung Fu (based on Nanquan style) who was so skilled he was known as Shinken 神拳 (literally "God Fist"). At 26 years of age, Feng was the best student his school had ever seen. When his master scolded him for fighting outside the dojo, Feng killed him. Now Feng seeks the secrets of the God Fist scrolls stolen by the Mishima family, and enters the King of Iron Fist Tournament 5 to do so. Asuka Kazama and Lei Wulong have connections with this ruthless, merciless Chinese Kenpo (Kung-fu) fighter. Feng severely beat Asuka's father and destroyed his dojo in his search for the scrolls. Lei is trying to capture Feng for his similar actions in China. Although Feng was successful in retrieving the treasured "God Fist" scroll from the Mishima Zaibatsu during The King of Iron Fist Tournament 5, The scroll merely stated, "Destroyer of all styles, the one true ultimate style, it transcends the power of the Dragon God, which exceeds all human ability." Dumbfounded, Feng Wei later received information about The King of Iron Fist Tournament 6, and, seeking more information, he once again looked towards Japan.
Jinpachi Mishima.
Jinpachi's fighting style is similar to the other Mishima characters, which involves many fast attacks and juggles. However, he is infamous for being an overpowered boss character, as he had a variety of unblockable and powerful moves, such as stunning his opponent, an attack that can absorb the opponent's life and firing fireballs that can take 3/4 of the opponent's life. He returns in "Tekken Tag Tournament 2", with a weakened moveset to balance him as a playable character. Additionally, he serves as the Stage 7 sub-boss, alongside Heihachi. He reprises his role as one of the Stage 7 sub-boss in free-to-play game "Tekken Revolution".
Though Jinpachi does not appear in the 2010 film, he is mentioned (though not by name) as having been imprisoned and murdered by Heihachi many years prior to the film's events.
Raven.
Codename is a ninja and an international intelligence agent who was considered highly skilled and iron-hearted. Apart from a scar in the shape of an "X" on his face, his details are unknown. Raven entered the fifth tournament to find out who or what is behind the event. Raven makes his first appearance in the opening movie for "Tekken 5", as he witnesses the attack on Hon-Maru by Jack-4s while on a mission to look into the Mishima Zaibatsu and G Corporation, as well as the subsequent explosion. It seems that he is the first one to report of Heihachi Mishima's supposed demise. After The King of Iron Fist Tournament 5, Raven encountered Heihachi, and fought him. Before a victor could be decided, Raven received orders to return to headquarters, and he had to withdraw from battle. After that encounter, the battle between both the Mishima Zaibatsu and G-Corporation intensified. In order to prevent any further losses, Raven was sent to investigate the Mishima Zaibatsu once again via The King Of Iron Fist Tournament 6. Raven also appears a co-star in the Scenario Campaign mode of "Tekken 6". Raven first appears as an enemy boss and is defeated by Lars Alexandersson and Alisa Bosconovitch. Later on, he returns to help Alisa and Lars escape from a rampaging NANCY robot. Once Alisa turns on Lars at the order of Jin Kazama, he becomes the CPU partner in Alisa's place for the final two stages of the mode. He joins Lars to chase down Jin in the desert. With his help, Lars is able to defeat Azazel and Alisa. After Jin defeats Azazel for good, he accompanies Lars with Alisa's body back to Lee Chaolan's robotics company. Lars attempts to thank Raven for his help but he declines, offering the ominous warning "Tomorrow, we might be enemies," before leaving Lars. Following the credits, Raven returns to the site where Azazel's temple once was to find Jin Kazama's half-buried body lying in the sand.
His dyed hairstyle is similar to the character Simon Phoenix from "Demolition Man" and his black clothing, sunglasses, and personality are reminiscent of the title character of "Blade", both portrayed by Wesley Snipes. However, when "Electronic Gaming Monthly" asked if the similarities were intentional, Namco stated that they simply wanted a true ninjutsu practitioner and a "cool black guy" for a character and that the similarities were purely coincidental.
In the 2010 live-action film "Tekken", Raven is portrayed by Darrin Henson. He participates in the Iron Fist tournament where he defeats Eddy Gordo and later gives Jin Kazama some words of advice and encouragement before his fight with Bryan Fury. Raven appears as a playable character in "Street Fighter X Tekken", with his official tag partner, Yoshimitsu
Sergei Dragunov.
A member of Russian Spetsnaz, is considered the very symbol of fear on the battlefield whose overwhelming fighting prowess has earned him the title "The White Angel of Death". Involved in the investigation of an unknown body that fell to Earth in Siberia, Dragunov receives special orders presumably regarding Devil Jin, and entered the King of Iron Fist Tournament 5 in order to carry them out. His precise motivations and the true nature of his orders then are unknown. In an in-game cutscene before his sub-boss fight against Raven, the agent says that he is "on to your [Dragunov's] organization." "Tekken 6" reveals that Dragunov was unsuccessful in finding Jin, and he returned to Russia. As a result of the chaos and on-going war all over the world caused by Jin, now the new owner of the Mishima Zaibatsu, Dragunov would be travelling all over the country to help maintain order. Eventually, Dragunov was ordered to participate in the King of Iron Fist Tournament 6 to destroy the Mishima Zaibatsu.
In the 2010 live-action film "Tekken", Dragunov is portrayed by martial arts actor Anton Kasabov. Like in the games, he does not speak. He participates in the Iron Fist tournament, and is rather brutally defeated and killed in combat by Bryan Fury.
Introduced in "Tekken 6" and "Tekken 6: Bloodline Rebellion".
Robert "Bob" Richards/Slim Bob.
Bob appears as a playable character in "Street Fighter X Tekken", with his official tag partner, Julia. His alternate version, Slim Bob, is playable in the console version of "Tekken Tag Tournament 2", where he is based on the skinny version of himself from his "Tekken 6" ending. Slim Bob was released as part of a free update for the game on October 9, 2012.
Bob ranked 10th on GameDaily's list of the ugliest game characters, who commented "If the bright red shirt covering the gigantic frame isn't insulting enough, he also has a bleach blonde mop on his head". Complex ranked him 14th out "The 25 Most Badass Fat Guys In Games". Complex ranked him 10th out "The 20 Best "Tekken" Video Game Characters of All Time".
Eleonor "Leo" Kliesen.
In her "Tekken Tag Tournament 2" ending, Leo infiltrates a train owned by G Corporation to gather a data about her mother's past with the corporation, as well as with her time working for the Mishima Zaibatsu. According to Emma's profile, Heihachi Mishima headed a project that combined the Devil Gene and Ogre's blood, calling it the Hybrid Gene. Leo also uncovered information about "NT01", later known as Steve Fox. Leo begins to upload the information, but is discovered and surrounded. She manages to escape by jumping off the train and shooting a grapple beam from her wrist to the bottom of railroad bridge, having successfully uploaded the information about her mother.
Until Katushiro Harada revealed Leo's full name and gender at the "" premiere in Cologne, her gender had been left ambiguous to the point that in the game itself, Leo was referred to only by name or gender-neutral terms and had no costumes revealing any portion of the torso.
Leo's fighting style is Bājíquán.
Miguel Caballero Rojo.
An aggressive and rebellious young Spaniard, was forced to leave his home by his parents at the age of 15 for constantly starting fights, he then finds sanctuary at a bar. His sister, the only person whom he trusted or loved, visited him secretly behind their parents back. Miguel cared deeply for her, to the point where he even considered killing her fiance, but not wanting to break his sister's heart he decided against it. During his sister's wedding day, a group of jets attacked the church, destroying it and killing her. His investigations led him to realize that the attack was ordered by the Mishima Zaibatsu, and driven by anger, he entered the recently announced King of Iron Fist Tournament 6 to find answers from the Zaibatsu's CEO, Jin Kazama. "Tekken" developer and Executive Producer of "Tekken 6" Katsuhiro Harada describes Miguel as "a brawler from Spain." His appearance resembles a bullfighter, yet he has no formal martial arts training.
In the live-action film "Tekken", Miguel is portrayed by Roger Huerta. He is the only character introduced in "Tekken 6" to appear in the film, and is renamed "Miguel Rojo". He participates in the Iron Fist tournament, where he is defeated by Jin.
NANCY-MI847J.
NANCY-MI847J is an elephantine robot and security unit who is under orders from Jin Kazama. It is very difficult to destroy and possesses an arsenal of weapons. Like Azazel, NANCY is not an unlockable character. NANCY only appears in Arcade Mode and Time Attack Mode as a bonus round before the player fights Jin Kazama. There appear to be multiple NANCY robots, evidenced by the fact that Lars and Alisa encounter a hostile NANCY during a cinematic in Scenario Campaign. This NANCY is destroyed by Raven during the same cutscene. Another NANCY is actually made available to use in one level of Scenario Campaign (the initial infiltration of G Corporation's headquarters). The player is able to use many of NANCY's abilities to fight the legions of enemies in the G Corporation lobby and courtyard.
Zafina.
Zafina's fighting style, only referred to as "ancient assassination arts", emphasizes her extreme flexibility and muscular control. It also incorporates unique stances (namely, tarantula, scarecrow, and mantis), each of which allows for different attacks. The "Tekken" developer and executive producer of "Tekken 6" Katsuhiro Harada likened her moves to those of a spider. Based on feedback from fans, game director Katsuhiro Harada and his development team made Zafina specifically to address the need for a smooth-hitting, prey-stalking female in the series.
The European "Tekken 6" website mistakenly refers to Zafina's nationality as Indian. However, her original Japanese bio, as well as her North American bio and "Tekken Tag Tournament 2" bio state that her country of origin in unknown. "Tekken" producer Katsuhiro Harada described her as ""a female character from the Middle East who uses ancient assassination arts"". Harada later confirmed her being of Arabic descent, although he did not specify from which nation she came.
Introduced in "Tekken Tag Tournament 2".
Sebastian.
Sebastian utilizes Lili's moveset, sharing many of her moves including the ones from "Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection" that were removed in the current releases.
Introduced in "Tekken Revolution".
Eliza.
Eliza's fighting style is a mixed martial arts with added supernatural moves (such as teleportation). She is the first character in the series with a projectile attack; she can shoot a grounded energy wave that goes straightforward, although unlike Jinpachi's fireball, it is blockable. (Ryu's Fireball - Street Fighter)
Non-playable characters.
The following lists the non-playable characters (NPC) that appear in the series. While they do not participate in the tournament or even are not fighters in any way, they still influence the story, particularly in its characters.
Asuka's father.
The father of Asuka is a martial art master who practices Kazama Style Traditional Martial Arts which he teaches at his family's dojo located near Osaka. He also taught this martial art to his daughter, Asuka, who is an assistant teacher at his dojo. He is a relative of Jun Kazama, although to what extent their relationship goes is unknown. Before the events of "Tekken 5", the arrogant God Fist Kung-Fu prodigy, Feng Wei travels through Japan to find the God Fist scroll, destroying many dojo along the way. The Kazama's dojo is one of his targets, as Feng easily beats Asuka's father and his students, before destroying their dojo. This incident causes Asuka to participate in the fifth tournament to take revenge against Feng. While he is unseen in the main video game series, he does make an appearance in the non-canonical "Tekken Comic", set during the events of "Tekken 6".
Legendary Capoeira Master.
The Legendary Capoeira Master is the grandfather of Christie Monteiro and the teacher of Eddy Gordo. Before the events of "Tekken 3", Eddy willingly imprisoned himself after the murder of his parents, where he shared his cell with him. He taught Eddy the art of Capoeira during their incarceration. After Eddy is released, the Legendary Capoeira Master (who still have to serve two more years in prison) leaves a message for him to meet and teach his granddaughter, Christie, Capoeira. He is eventually released two years later, but had become a frail old man. When taken to medical exam, the doctor tells Christie and Eddy that he suffers from a normally incurable sickness that gives him only six months of life expectancy, but also tells that a cure may be found with the technology of Mishima Zaibatsu. Thus, his cure becomes Christie and Eddy's primary reasons for entering the fifth tournament. At the end, neither Christie nor Eddy are able to win, and Eddy, in desperation, takes his master to Japan while he joins the Mishima Zaibatsu's ranks with the promise from its leader, Jin Kazama, that he will help him curing his master. However, Jin ultimately does not keep his promise, and the Legendary Capoeira Master eventually dies at the end of the tournament, with Eddy angrily leaving his ranks.
Lili's father.
The father of Lili is a rich and successful Monegásque businessman who owns the private Rochefort oil company which frequently trades in with Mishima Zaibatsu. Lili is very attached to her father, considering him a pacifistic individual who dislikes fighting and wants his daughter to become a proper lady. He is unaware that Lili is actually a very accomplished fighter who frequently joins worldwide fighting tournaments when she goes off his surveillance. The Mishima Zaibatsu had caused much financial problems for Lili's father in the past; this becomes his daughter's reason for joining the fifth tournament: to put an end to her father's problems. However, Lili's father eventually discovers Lili's participation in the tournament, and he furiously forbids her from going outside their house until further notice. Some time later, Jin Kazama, who has recently become the head of Mishima Zaibatsu, seizes the Rochefort's oil tanks. As Rochefort company falls to disarray, Lili's father collapsed from overexertion, rendering him unable to work. This makes Lili joins the sixth tournament, so that she can help rebuild the company and remove her father's anxiety.
Shin Kamiya.
Shin was one of the proposed character concepts as a playable character in "Tekken Revolution". The developer found it difficult to make him as a playable character due to his lack of knowledge in martial arts and the fact that he died in the film he appeared in, although there was an idea to make him an immortal character. In the character poll, Shin ranked third, above the Zombie Bride and below Eliza and Sexy Female Tekken Force.
Tougou.
While he is not a playable character in any of the games, his cybernetic sword is available as an item move for Lars in "Tekken Tag Tournament 2". Tougou was one of the character concepts considered in a poll for a new character to be added in Tekken Revolution. He would have used a style similar to Lars, but with the added abilities to use his sword and to call for air strikes via radio.
Other characters.
Characters who were supposed to debut in the series, but for one reason or another have not been included by developers on the final release.
Average, run-of-the-mill Old Man.
An average old man that can be found in any neighborhood. He is not a martial artist, so he is pretty weak. It was an idea mentioned early in the series, and thrown out the instant it was mentioned.
Female Paul.
For some inexplicable reason, Paul Phoenix is transformed into a girl, but the appearance is of a very cute girl. The concept was thrown out in 2 seconds, as it was too off-the-wall.
Ganmi-chan.
A teenage female Sumo wrestler who idolizes Ganryu. The original idea was proposed for "Tekken Tag Tournament 2", but was discarded 5 seconds later in order to focus on increasing the popularity of Ganryu. A character sketch was completed several years ago, and the result was of a cute character, like those found in Idol Master. The sketch was later revealed by series producer Katsuhiro Harada on his Twitter account, in which he also stated that if the tweet is retweeted 1000 times, he would try to convince the staff to do her design.
Giant Praying Mantis.
During development of "Tekken 3", a bug caused the joints of a character to move backwards, and the character model was deformed. It looked like it would be a strong fighter, so there was an idea to actually implement it, but the idea was discarded for lack of development time. Like with Syake/Salmon, the Insect blank data can be found when the "Tekken 3" arcade board is hacked. This was also found by some very hardcore fans, and video can be found on YouTube.
Sexy Female Tekken Force.
A gorgeous and sexy female Tekken Force member, she is loyal to the Mishima Zaibatsu, regardless of who is in charge. As such, she was not a part of the rebellion started by Lars Alexandersson. The original concept was proposed for "Tekken 5", but the clothing was too revealing and the concept was scrapped for fears the rating would increase. The concept surfaced again for "Tekken 6" but did not make the final cut. There were several martial arts mentioned for this character, including Silat, Krav Maga, Savate, Taekkyeon, Systema, and Escrima. If chosen, the design may need to be altered in order to pass the ratings boards. In the results of the character poll to determine the new character for "Tekken Revolution", Sexy Female Tekken Force ranked second, just below Eliza (then known as Female Vampire).
Syake/Salmon.
Originally planned for "Tekken 3", punch buttons would cause the Salmon to flop around, and the kick buttons would make it release eggs, which was quite an idea at the time. However, arcades were still popular worldwide, and charging 100 yen (1 USD) per play with such a character was likely to be a problem. That, and the fact that character would always be the target of Kuma, lead to the concept being scrapped. If the "Tekken 3" arcade board is hacked, you will notice there is placeholder data with the character’s name remaining. This has been discovered by a few hardcore fans in the past (video is on YouTube). If, for some unforeseen reason, this character is actually chosen, development may be quite difficult.
Wild Card.
Wild Card is an irregular character only appearing in the arcade version of "Tekken". He is the manifestation of the random select used to determine CPU matches when the arcade machine is not in use. For the console version, Wild Card would have been used in conjunction with a random select slot on the character select screen and would have referred to any randomly selected character in the game, but was cut from the final release. A random select option would not be implemented until "Tekken Tag Tournament". Wild Card can only be selected through hacking of an emulation of the arcade version. It uses Kazuya's model and Yoshimitsu's moveset. Wild Card does have name plates but does not speak; the only voice clip for Wild Card is the announcer speaking its name.
Zombie Bride.
A zombie bride-to-be in a wedding dress. The idea first came up around "Tekken 3" as the first fighting zombie in a game. The idea resurfaced again for "Tekken 6", as the sister of Miguel, who was killed in an air strike and came back to life. Since the fighting style for a zombie would be quite difficult to create, the idea was scrapped. Zombie Bride ranked fourth in the character poll to determine the new character for "Tekken Revolution", just below Shin Kamiya.

</doc>
<doc id="18720516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720516" title="Candy Green">
Candy Green

"Candy Green" is a song by Swizz Beatz for Gap, Inc.'s Sound of Color campaign. It was produced by Full Surface in-house production team The Individualz.
Background.
Developed by Gap Clothing and Rehab (a San Francisco-based production company), five artists across multiple genres were asked to record original material that represented the Sound of Color. Asked to write and perform a treatment for the color green, Swizz Beatz partnered with producers The Individuals, and together they created a song about driving in a drop top through the flashy streets of Miami, Florida.
Swizz also stated in an interview "I didn't want to do a song I wasn't comfortable giving to the DJs," Swizz tells Billboard. "I took the approach of, 'How would I use green in a painting without making green the main ingredient, and use it in the slickest way?'"
Music video.
Tom Gatsoulis directed the music video. The video has everything from fast cars, plot twists, and clowns. The music video can be watched on YouTube or at the official Sound of Color Website.

</doc>
<doc id="18720522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720522" title="Battle of Sandfontein">
Battle of Sandfontein

The Battle of Sandfontein took place in North-East South Africa at the outset of World War I.
General Sir Henry Lukin commanded the South African forces, with General Joachim von Heydebreck commanding the German forces.
The battle opened on 26 September 1914, after the British had detected but entirely ignored the Germans.
One hundred and thirty-five British and South African officers, 2,463 soldiers, and 522 native troops with four thirteen-pounder guns and 4,347 animals marched to the water. The men had long been without water, their animals were dying from thirst, and all were exposed to the surrounding heights, which the Germans held.
The Germans attacked with four machine-gun units, ten artillery units, and 1,700 riflemen, all German. After collecting water, a British patrol was sent out but returned with heavy losses. The German "Schutztruppe" (colonial forces) fired their machine guns and advanced.
The South African forces made an organized and successful retreat to a defensive perimeter around the nearby Kopje mountain. As the surrounded South Africans' telephone line to Ramans Drift had been cut, they could not call for reinforcements. The South African artillery fired but were outnumbered by the German artillery with its greater firepower.
The German guns then moved forward to within 1,200 yards of the northern face of Mount Kopje. The Germans commenced lobbing shells into the South African position, and the machine gun fire continued. Only half an hour after the Germans brought their guns forward, the South Africans hoisted a white flag, and the engagement ended.

</doc>
<doc id="18720531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720531" title="Anett Futatabi">
Anett Futatabi

Annet Futatabi (アネット・再び), is a 1993 side scrolling, beat-em-up video game released by Wolf Team, only in Japan for the Sega Mega-CD game console. It is the final in a trilogy of games, which include "Earnest Evans", and "El Viento". The menus and game screens are all in English, while the dialogue and ending credits are in Japanese. Unlike "Earnest Evans" and "El Viento", "Annet Futatabi" was a Japan only release. As a result, many outside of Japan never knew of the game's existence.
Gameplay.
Unlike the first and second entries, which are 2D platform video games," Annet Futatabi" is a side scrolling beat-em-up that deeply resembles Sega's "Golden Axe" and "Bare Knuckle" franchises. However, like the previous installments, the story is told through cutscenes between each brief multi-scrolling level, which includes a boss character, who appears out of thin air, usually wielding a weapon.
The protagonist Annet's magic has five levels and is regulated by a power meter, and regenerates automatically. As her power meter increases, the higher her magical attacks become. The levels range from wind, earth, water], fire and death. Wind is the lower level, while death is the highest level. However, magic cannot be used against the bosses. In addition to magic, Annet wields a sword, rather than bladed boomerangs. There are not any other weapons or power-ups included in the game, other than health restoration items.
Plot.
Set in the same fictional universe as "Earnest Evans" and "El Viento", the story takes place two years after "El Viento", and concludes the story of Annet and Earnest. Zigfried's true motives are finally revealed as well. Being rescued from certain sacrifice by father figure Ernest Evans, Annet travels across Europe and encounters a local sect that wants her special pendant. After an attempted ambush in the sect's castle, she barely escapes, and begins another quest to protect the world from destruction.

</doc>
<doc id="18720536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720536" title="1925 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1925 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1925 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was the 39th staging of Ireland's premier Gaelic football knock-out competition. Galway were the winners.
The championship has become known for the farcical manner in which the play-offs took place. The Connaught final was not held in time to produce a team that could compete against the other three provinces in the semi-finals. Mayo was therefore nominated to represent the province. Mayo beat Wexford in the semi final. Kerry beat Cavan in the other semi-final. However, both Kerry and Cavan were disqualified for fielding illegal players. This meant that Mayo were declared champions without the need for a final. However, in the meantime, Galway had defeated Mayo in the Connaught final and this put the GAA in a bind. They withdrew their nomination of Mayo to represent Connaught, and chose Galway as rightful Connaught champions. Thus, Galway became All-Ireland champions. 
However, this was deemed unsatisfactory by all. So the GAA ordered the semi-finals to be replayed with Galway taking the rightful place of Connaught champions. However, Kerry complained that their semi-final victory over Cavan should stand. When the GAA insisted that it should not stand, Kerry withdrew, leaving Cavan to automatically proceed to the final. Galway defeated Cavan in the final. The farce went on so long that the final was not played until January 10, 1926. Cavan, despite having previously been disqualified, finished with a silver medal. Mayo, despite having previously been declared champions, were eliminated. Galway, despite having previously been removed from the tournament, were champions.
Results.
Connacht.
An objection was made and a replay ordered.
An objection was made and a replay ordered.
Ulster.
An objection was made and a replay ordered.
All-Ireland Championship.
The Connacht championship was not finished in time, so Mayo were nominated to play in the All-Ireland semi-final.
Both teams lodged objections against each other, and both were disqualified.
With both Kerry and Cavan disqualified, Mayo now had no opponent to play in the All-Ireland final. And when Galway defeated Mayo in the Connacht final, the GAA decided to award the All-Ireland title to Galway.

</doc>
<doc id="18720541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720541" title="Hot corner">
Hot corner

Hot corner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18720543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720543" title="508th Heavy Panzer Battalion">
508th Heavy Panzer Battalion

The 508th Heavy Panzer Battalion (), was a heavy tank battalion of the German Army during World War II, equipped with Tiger I heavy tanks. It fought at Anzio and later defended German-held Northern Italy opposing the Allies during the Italian Campaign. It fought in Italy until it surrendered at the end of the war in May 1945.
Formation.
The battalion was partially formed on 11 May 1943 in France using personnel from a battalion of the 29th Panzer Regiment. The third company was attached from the 313rd Panzer Company (Funklenk) – a Tiger company equipped with Borgward B IV remotely controlled demolition vehicles. By 24 January 1944, the battalion was at full strength with 45 Tigers Is under the command of Major Hudel.
Operations.
Anzio.
In early February 1944 the battalion was sent to oppose Allied landings at Anzio. Transportation by rail ended at Ficulle in Italy, far from the enemy beachhead. Because Allied air superiority made further rail transport difficult, the battalion drove the remaining distance, via Rome. One Tiger caught fire on route and was destroyed in an explosion. Sixty percent of the Tigers suffered mechanical breakdown on the journey through the narrow, winding, mountainous roads. By 14 February, the first company deployed piecemeal in the Anzio region near Aprilia (known as "The Factory"), as the second company arrived in Rome.
On 15 February the battalion was attached to the 26th Panzer Division. A single platoon attempted to push toward the beachhead the next day, but muddy conditions foiled the operation.
On 19 February the second company reached Aprilia, and the attached 313rd "Funklenk" Company was officially renamed as the third company of the battalion. The next day, the 653rd Heavy Panzerjäger Battalion, equipped with Elefant tank destroyers, was attached to the 508th.
Between 21 and 24 February, the battalion claimed twenty US tanks; seventeen while using small elements to support several unsuccessful attempts to reduce the beachhead from Aprilia, and three M4 Shermans which had penetrated German lines. In late February, two Shermans were captured; their turrets were removed and they were converted into recovery vehicles, greatly improving the ability of the battalion to recover damaged Tigers.
On 29 February the second company was part of the final attack towards the beachhead, from Cisterna. Its advance was restricted to roads surrounded by marshy areas, and the attack stalled due to strong resistance. Eight Tigers were disabled by anti tank fire from the American 601st Tank Destroyer Battalion, accurate naval artillery fire, and mines. All were recovered under enemy fire over the next five days, but four were later written off as beyond repair. After combat on 1 March the 508th was attached to the 69th Panzer Regiment, with only twelve Tigers operational. Eight Tiger Is absorbed from "Tiger-Gruppe" Schwebbach (formerly "Schwere Panzer Kompanie" Meyer) brought the battalion back up to full strength.
The battalion withdrew to Rome, staying there from 5 to 16 March, then, slightly over strength in tanks due to replacements, returned to the Aprilia—Campoleone—Cisterna area, where they resisted expansion of the beachhead. Unusually, Tigers were occasionally used in indirect fire roles. The Borgward IV demolition carriers had mobility problems in the muddy and mountainous conditions.
In late May, the Allies broke out from the Monte Cassino and the Anzio regions as Operation Diadem bore fruit. On 23 May the 508th claimed 15 Shermans destroyed during a German counter-attack against advancing Allied forces near Cisterna, for the loss of a single Tiger. The next day they started to withdraw to Rome; two tanks were lost to mechanical failure, seven more were destroyed by their crews in Cori due to lack of fuel, eleven more near Giulianello from breakdown, and another one near Valmontone on 25 May. This was a total loss of twenty-two Tigers in three days, with only one from combat. The battalion commander, Major Hudel, was recalled to the Führer Headquarters and sacked.
The remaining operational tanks were all placed in the first company, which then attempted to defend the Velletri area during 26–27 May, then withdrew near to Rome. Tank strength dropped from a high of 49 on 25 April, to 11 operational on 31 May. The spare crews were used as anti-tank teams.
German withdrawal.
By 3 June 1944, a general fighting withdrawal to the Trasimene Line began as the Allies pressed northward, taking Rome the next day. Thirteen Tigers were lost moving towards Poggibonsi on 13 June, mostly destroyed by their crews. Two more were lost in action against five enemy tanks near Chiusdino on 27 June. On 4 July one Tiger fell into a cellar near Colle di Val d'Elsa; it was destroyed as unrecoverable. Six Shermans were destroyed near Tavarnelle on 8 July.
Despite complaints by battalion command, orders from Army Group were to widely disperse the Tigers in defense. Often, single tanks were involved in combat, which caused severe command, control and logistic problems.
The 508th moved to San Casciano by 23 July. On 24 July a tank fell through a bridge and burned. The next day an enemy attack was repelled, but another Tiger fell through a cellar and was destroyed. On 29 July seven Shermans were knocked out for the cost of two Tigers. One Tiger was captured on 30 July near Galluzzo.
Eastern Italy.
On 1 August 1944, only fourteen Tigers were operational out of a total of twenty-eight available; all surviving second company tanks were assigned to the third company. The 508th reached the vicinity of Pisa on 14 August. A week later, Hauptmann Stelter was made battalion commander. In early September the first company moved across to Savignano in eastern Italy, eleven tanks were lost to mechanical problems during the road march. The personnel of the second company, which had no tanks, returned to Paderborn in Germany.
The Canadian 5th Armoured Division fought an action in Coriano on September 13 where they were ambushed by Tigers, likely from the first company.
After a day of rest in Bologna on 14 September, the third company moved via Imola, Faenza, and Forlì to Cesena by 30 September, positioned to oppose the impending northwards thrust of the British Adriatic front of Allied Operation Olive.
On 1 October, fifteen Tigers were operational, ten in the first company, three in the third; both were then attached to LXXVI Panzer Corps. Later in the month, the German lines were pushed back to Northern Italy. On 20 October, the demolition carriers were sent back to Germany.
On 1 November, fourteen tanks were operational. By the end of the month, the personnel previously of the "Funklenk" company were sent back to Germany, disbanding the third company. Only ten operational tanks of the fifteen available in the first company remained in Italy, initially resting in Ospitale. By the end of December some replacement crews arrived. After returning to the front, the company saw action in Faenza on 1 January 1945, then south of Solarolo on 3 January. Throughout January and early February the tanks were frequently used in the artillery role.
Destruction.
On 12 February 1945, the last fifteen Tigers were transferred to the 504th Heavy Tank Battalion, which continued to fight in Italy; it lost all of its tanks by late April and surrendered 3 May.
The remaining personnel who were not transferred rested in Pontebba on 21 February, then returned through Austria to Germany. They started training for the Tiger II on 17 March, but were given a single Tiger I and six Panther tanks on 27 March, and formed a small "Kampfgruppe". The second company, still without tanks, were used as infantry. These forces fought near Husen on 29–30 March, Paderborn and Scherfelde on 1–2 April, then Hofgeismar and Polle on 5 April before withdrawing to Berlin, which surrendered in early May 1945.
Over its lifetime, the battalion claimed to have knocked out more than 100 enemy tanks; 59 percent of its own 78 losses were from crews destroying their vehicles, while only 19 percent were destroyed by the enemy.

</doc>
<doc id="18720583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720583" title="Youdao">
Youdao

Youdao (有道) is a search engine released by Chinese internet leviathan, NetEase (網易) in 2007. It is the featured search engine of its parent company's web portal, 163.com, and lets users search for web pages, images, news, music, blogs, Chinese-to-English dictionary entries, and more.
"Youdao" () hopes to compete with the likes of Google search, Baidu (Chinese: 百度; pinyin: Bǎidù) within five years.
The user-agent string of Youdao spider is named "YodaoBot" or "YoudaoBot".

</doc>
<doc id="18720584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720584" title="Kaigosuiyat Islands">
Kaigosuiyat Islands

One of the Baffin Island offshore, uninhabited island groups, the Kaigosuiyat Islands are located in Irvine Inlet, south of Iglunga and southwest of Pangnirtung. They are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18720591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720591" title="Mason County District Library">
Mason County District Library

The Mason County District Library is located in Mason County in the Lower Peninsula of Michigan. It is the district umbrella administration "board" under which the Ludington Public Library (city) and the Scottville Public Library (county) function. It consists of a seven-member board of trustees.
The Ludington Public Library is in the city of Ludington in Mason County. The Scottville Public Library is in Scottville which is about 10 miles to the east of Ludington on the edge of the county. Mason County has a population of about 28,000 that the public library administration system serves. 
History.
When the library district administration board was created in 1994 with the merger of the Ludington City Library and the County Library in Scottville - the promise was made to maintain as much as possible 2 fully functioning libraries - that neither would be considered a 'branch' of the other. The Mason County District Library is the formal name of the "administration" for both libraries. Under the Mason County District Library system umbrella these libraries are referred to as the Ludington 'branch' or the Scottville 'branch.' The Mason County District Library administration system itself is not any independent building. These libraries are each fully independent libraries maintaining the same open hours. The Mason County District Library is the formal name of the administration for both libraries but each library continues to be known as either the Ludington Public Library or the Scottville Public Library. The reason the board was established was to pool the resources of the city library (Ludington) with the county library (Scottville) and to eliminate duplication of services. The process was to develop a "board" of combining the resources of the city and county under one district library administration called the "Mason County District Library". It is designed to offer "enhanced service" over the separate city and county library operations. There would be a .5 mill tax on property owners of Mason County and then no need for funding from the city or county. It would save the residents of the city and county over $100,000 per year starting in 1996. 
Divisions.
The Ludington Public Library is a branch or division of the Mason County District Library administrative board. The collection of the Ludington Public Library contains 65,000 volumes. This library circulates over 170,000 items per year.
The Scottville Public Library is a branch or division of the Mason County District Library administrative board. The collection of the Scottville Public Library contains 35,000 volumes. This library circulates over 75,000 items per year. 
The Mason County District Library has over 95,000 volumes (Ludington library + Scottville library) and circulates nearly a quarter million items per year (Ludington library + Scottville library) to over 28,000 Mason County residents of which 10,000 are registered members.
Current events.
In July 2008, District Library Director Robert Dickson terminated the employment of Sally Stern-Hamilton for writing a pseudonymous book that "portrays these people (library patrons) in a very unflattering manner" and whose cover includes a small picture of the Ludington Library. The author was fired for using work email to promote her book.

</doc>
<doc id="18720593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720593" title="Marcel Schmelzer">
Marcel Schmelzer

Marcel Schmelzer (; born 22 January 1988) is a German footballer who plays as a left back for the German Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund. He has been capped by Germany at international level.
Club career.
Schmelzer was born in Magdeburg, Saxony-Anhalt. He started his professional career with Borussia Dortmund, making his first appearance on 9 August 2008, in the German Cup first-round match against Rot-Weiss Essen. His first league appearance came in the following week, as he played the final twenty minutes of a 3–2 win at Bayer Leverkusen. Schmelzer had his best season for Borussia Dortmund in the 2010–11 season, where he managed to play every minute of the season for the team who went on to win the Bundesliga that year.
The following season, Schmelzer, who missed the beginning of the Bundesliga due to injury, enjoyed yet another trophy as he helped Dortmund win another Bundesliga titles. In addition to being the left back for the team for the entire season, Schmelzer also helped Dortmund secure the DFB Pokal with a 5–2 win against Bayern Munich, making it 3 titles in 2 years.
On 11 January 2013, Schmelzer extended his contract with Borussia, which will keep him at the club until 2017.
On 27 July 2013, Schmelzer won the 2013 DFL-Supercup with Dortmund 4–2 against rivals Bayern Munich.
International career.
Schmelzer was called by the U21 team for the 2009 European Championship, being used regularly, although not as a starter, he played the final five minutes in the final, a 4–0 success against England.
International appearances.
"As of 23:58, 14 August 2013 (UTC)"

</doc>
<doc id="18720595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720595" title="Alan Edmonds">
Alan Edmonds

Arthur Denis Edmonds (1932 – September 13, 2004), better know by his pseudonym Alan Edmonds, was a reporter for newspapers, magazines, and television. Edmonds was born in England. He was a reporter on Fleet Street in London, England and after the war, immigrated to Canada, first to Vancouver, British Columbia, and, then Toronto. He wrote for the "Toronto Star", among others, and subsequently for "Macleans Magazine", where he was the Senior Editor at one point. He wrote a number of articles while at "Macleans", among them one on Steven Truscott. He wrote a number of books as well, among them, "Journey to the Edge of the World", which was a scrutiny of a research vessel plying the waters of Canada's far north. He was on-air talent, writer and producer for the highly successful CTV program "Live It Up!"
He died on September 13, 2004, of liver disease.

</doc>
<doc id="18720604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720604" title="Gary Kurt">
Gary Kurt

Gary David Kurt (born March 9, 1947 in Kitchener, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey goaltender.
Playing career.
Kurt played Junior hockey for the Ontario Hockey Association's Kitchener Rangers, at the time owned by the New York Rangers. Later he played two seasons for the Rangers' affiliate in the Central Hockey League, the Omaha Knights. After the 1968–69 season he was acquired by the Cleveland Barons of the American Hockey League.
After another two seasons in the AHL he broke into the NHL with the California Golden Seals, who acquired his rights from the Barons prior to the 1971–72 NHL season. He spent the first half of the season playing for the Golden Seals' affiliate Baltimore Clippers, but was called up to the Seals in January 1972 to replace Lyle Carter as Gilles Meloche's back-up. In February he was chosen by the new World Hockey Association's New York Raiders in their player draft. After completing his season with California he defected to the new league.
Kurt spent the following two seasons with the Raiders franchise, backing-up Pete Donnelly and Joe Junkin, playing alongside former Seals Brian Perry, Bobby Sheehan, Kent Douglas, Mike Laughton and Norm Ferguson. He was chosen by the Phoenix Roadrunners in the 1974 WHA Expansion Draft, and finally given the chance to be starting goaltender for a major professional team.
His first season with the Roadrunners was his most successful professional one, winning 25 games and leading the Roadrunners to a playoff berth, but they were quickly dismissed by the Quebec Nordiques. The following season he shared goaltending duties with Jack Norris, and by 1976 he was once again relegated to being a back-up. At the end of the season he retired.

</doc>
<doc id="18720611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720611" title="Canon VT">
Canon VT

The Canon VT is a rangefinder camera released by Canon in 1956. Until then, Canon had a history of making slightly modified Leica copies. The release of the VT showed for the first time that Canon could be a leader in 35mm rangefinder design.
Canon kept the Leica screw mount on the VT, and little else. They changed the film advance from a top-mounted knob to a bottom-mounted trigger. The tripod socket was moved to mount a trigger wind grip. They added a swing-open back making the camera easier to load than previous bottom loading Canons.
The VT used a cloth shutter curtain, and shutter speeds were from 1s to 1/1000, plus T and B. Available Canon lenses ranged from 25mm to 800mm, and offered lenses as fast as f/1.2. Flash sync is available for FP, M, and X.
One of its best features was a 3-position viewfinder with rotating prisms, which could be set to 35mm, 50mm and RF. In the RF setting, accessory shoe-mounted viewfinders with automatic parallax correction would be used.

</doc>
<doc id="18720636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720636" title="Hollywood Undead">
Hollywood Undead

Hollywood Undead is an American rap rock band from Los Angeles, California. They released their debut album, "Swan Songs", on September 2, 2008, and their live CD/DVD "Desperate Measures", on November 10, 2009. Their second studio album, "American Tragedy", was released April 5, 2011. All of the band members use pseudonyms and wear their own unique mask, most of which are based on the common hockey goaltender design. The band members currently consist of Charlie Scene, Da Kurlzz, Danny, Funny Man, J-Dog, and Johnny 3 Tears. The band has sold over 2 million records in the United States alone, and about 3 million records worldwide. Their third studio album, titled "Notes from the Underground", was released on January 8, 2013.
History.
Formation (2005–2007).
The band originated on June 3, 2005 from a song titled "The Kids" that Jorel Decker (J-Dog) and Aron Erlichman (Deuce) posted on the band's MySpace profile to positive reviews, leading them to form the group Hollywood Undead with their friends Jeff Philips (Shady), George Ragan (Johnny 3 Tears), Jordon Terrell (Charlie Scene), Dylan Alvarez (Funny Man), and Matthew St. Claire (Da Kurlzz). In an interview with "Shave" magazine, J-Dog explained that when forming the band "Whoever was in the room at the time and played an instrument was in the band." Shady Jeff later left the group reasons currently unknown to the public. He currently works as a mechanic and is working on converting diesel cars into vehicles that can run on vegetable oil.
"Swan Songs", "Desperate Measures", and Record Deal (2007–2009).
The band only took one year working on their debut album, "Swan Songs". The other two years were spent looking for a company that wouldn't try to censor the album. They first signed a record contract with MySpace Records in 2005 but they left the label after the label tried to censor their first album. They then signed a contract with A&M/Octone Records and their first album, "Swan Songs" was released on September 2, 2008 and reached No.22 on the Billboard 200 in its first week of release, selling 21,000 copies; which was later on released in the United Kingdom on May 18, 2009 with two bonus tracks. On June 23, 2009, Hollywood Undead released Swan Songs B-Sides EP through iTunes.
The band released a CD/DVD set entitled "Desperate Measures" on November 10, 2009. The set includes a CD of previously unreleased six new songs, three of which are cover songs, as well a previously unreleased remix of "Everywhere I Go", and six live recordings of songs from "Swan Songs", and a DVD of a full live performance by the band. In December 2009, the band won Best Crunk/Rock Rap Artist at the Rock on Request Awards. In its first week of release, "Desperate Measures" reached No. 29 on the Billboard 200. It also peaked at No. 10 on the Billboard's Rock Albums chart, No. 8 on the Alternative Albums chart, No. 5 on the Hard Rock albums chart, and No. 15 on the Digital Albums chart.
Departure of Deuce (2010).
In early 2010, the band announced that singer, Deuce, had left the band due to musical differences. Hints of Deuce's departure were noticed when he did not take part in the "Vatos Locos" tour. After a couple weeks on tour, the band asked long-time friend, Daniel Murillo, to fill in for Deuce's role. This was not too long after Murillo had just advanced past the auditions for season 9 of American Idol. Murillo decided to drop out of the competition and join the band. Daniel Murillo was also the lead singer of the band, Lorene Drive, which is currently on hiatus due to his involvement with Hollywood Undead.
Deuce later released a song titled "Story of a Snitch" against the group, claiming he was kicked out. The band stated that they didn't want to "stoop to his level" and chose to simply ignore the controversy. In mid-January, the band announced Daniel Murillo was an official member, going by the nickname of "Danny".
Not much was known about the situation until the subject was brought up by interviewer Bryan Stars on YouTube. Johnny 3 Tears and Da Kurlzz told the interviewer that the band had to constantly satisfy Deuce while touring. "It was so bad, that I don't think there would've been another record if he was still with us", Da Kurlzz told the interviewer. "We bent over backwards to accommodate Deuce", he said. Johnny 3 Tears, growing weary about the subject, said, "It was just that he didn't like being on the road, so we would have to do things to make him happy. He also claimed to be writing all the songs, and all this B.S.". The band decided to drop the subject afterwards, saying that they have moved on from the situation and would prefer not putting in too much detail.
Martini Beerman of rock.com interviewed Charlie Scene and J-Dog, and the two decided to explain the final events that led up to the split. Charlie Scene told the interviewer, "He wanted to have his personal assistant (Jimmy Yuma) come on the tour. None of us have personal assistants, we're not egomaniacs. We don't need that, and he wanted the band to pay for it and we did for like four months. After that we were like, 'we're not gonna pay $800 a week to have your buddy out on tour'. We went to the airport to fly out for our next tour, and he didn't show up. We were like, what the fuck do we do? We called him and he didn't answer. So for the first 2 weeks of that tour, I sang all his parts."
"American Tragedy" and "Redux" (2010–2011).
The band soon began writing material for their second studio album; "American Tragedy". On April 1, 2010, the band started its own iheartradio station, with horror and thriller tales. In recent interviews, the band has stated intentions to record their second album in summer 2010 and release it in the fall. James Diener, head of the band's record label, confirmed the next album for a fall 2010 release and believes that it will launch the band into more mainstream success, making it a "big next step" for the group. The band has also confirmed that producer Don Gilmore, who also worked on their debut album, has returned to produce the new album. Recording concluded around mid-November and the band began mixing the album the day after Thanksgiving.
The band began a marketing campaign for the second album. They co-headlined the "Nightmare After Christmas Tour" with Avenged Sevenfold and Stone Sour to support the album. On December 8, 2010, the band released the artwork for the album's first single, titled "Hear Me Now". The track was released on December 13, for radio and on the band's YouTube page, and was made available online as a digital single on December 21. J-Dog commented that this is his favorite song that the band has done so far. The song's lyrics tell the story of a person who is depressed and hopeless, taking a very somber tone to the track. Despite this, the instruments and melodies contrast to make a "great rock smash", reports AOL Radio blog. Within its first couple days of release, the single made it to number 2 on the iTunes Rock Chart.
On January 11, 2011, the band announced the upcoming album will be titled "American Tragedy". The next day, they released a preview of the album on their YouTube page. On January 21, they released a new song, "Comin' in Hot" available for a free download. Also revealed in the "Comin' in Hot" trailer that the new album will be released in March 2011. In a recent interview, the group announced that the official release date for the album would be March 8, 2011 but as of February 22, 2011, it was announced that the album has been pushed back to April 5, 2011.
On February 6, 2011, the band released another song titled "Been to Hell", for a free download. Hollywood Undead member J-Dog said he will continue to release "sample" music for free download until the album has released, via Hollywood Undead email subscribers, Hollywood Undead website members, and Facebook fans.
"American Tragedy" turned out to be more successful than their first album "Swan Songs", selling about 67,000 copies (66,915) in its debut week, while "Swan Songs" sold 21,000 copies in its debut. "American Tragedy" has also peaked at No. 4 on the Billboard 200, while "Swan Song's" highest peak on the Billboard 200 was No. 22. It has also peaked at No. 2 on many other charts, while also reaching No. 1 on the Billboard's Top Hard Rock Albums chart. The album was also very successful in other countries, making No. 5 in Canada and No. 43 in the United Kingdom.
To continue promoting the album, the band headlined the "Revolt Tour", along with 10 Years, Drive A, and New Medicine. The very successful tour took place between April 6 and May 27, 2011. After the tour, the band played several shows in Europe, Canada, and Australia. They will then headline the "Endless Summer Tour" with All That Remains and Hyro da Hero, which will take place between July 18 and August 7, 2011.
The band announced in August 2011 that they would be releasing a remix album containing remixes of several songs off of the "American Tragedy" album. The album will include remixes of the tracks "Bullet" and "Le Deux" that are from fans winning a remix contest for each, with the winners earning money, band merchandise, and their track on the EP. A music video will be released for the remix of "Levitate" and the title for the album was confirmed to be "American Tragedy Redux", with a release date of November 21, 2011. On November 1, 2011, the band set out on another tour titled the "World War III" tour, with Asking Alexandria, We Came As Romans, Borgore, and D.R.U.G.S. Following the "World War III tour", the band also joined Avenged Sevenfold again on the "Buried Alive" tour, with Black Veil Brides and Asking Alexandria, with dates running from November 11 to December 14.
"Notes from the Underground" (2011–present).
Following extensive touring throughout 2011 to promote their second studio album, "American Tragedy", and their first remix album, "American Tragedy Redux", Charlie Scene announced plans to begin a third studio album in late November 2011. The announcement came after the conclusion of the band's "World War III Tour" with Asking Alexandria. Charlie Scene stated that the band will begin writing and recording demos while on the "Buried Alive Tour" with Avenged Sevenfold and begin recording once the tour concludes in December 2011. He also stated the album will sound more similar to "Swan Songs" than "American Tragedy". Commenting on the difference in recording this time around, he stated, "I would say that this time the label gave us full creative control. I think it's going to be more like 'Swan Songs' than 'American Tragedy.' It'll be a mixture of both; I mean, we all grow as artists, we get older, and we've been doing it a long time so I think it'll be more like 'Swan Songs' and I think the fans are gonna like it a lot.
In an interview with Keven Skinner of "The Daily Blam", Charlie Scene revealed more information about the album's details. He revealed that there may be collaborations with guest artists on the album. "would be awesome. I think it's bad to do [them on your first couple records, to ask people on, but I think that the third record is kind of the point where maybe you can have somebody featured. I think it would be really cool to have someone else sing a chorus on one of our songs or do a verse." When asked about the masks, he replied that they will be upgrading their masks for the next album as well, as they did with the previous two albums. Charlie Scene also explained that the third album will be released much sooner than "American Tragedy" was, and predicts it will be released by the summer of 2012. "We have a bunch of songs written and we're writing more on the road. We brought some studio equipment with us so we've been able to work on stuff while we're touring. After this tour and we're back home, we'll be able to work with producers that we want to work with and dial all the stuff in that we have – skeletons of songs. We have some really good stuff that we're excited to work on for sure. One thing that we definitely don't want to do is take as long as it took for us to do 'American Tragedy' so there will definitely be a third record out next year and we're hoping for at the latest – summer." He also explained that the album will sound more like "Swan Songs" did, in the lines of it having more party tracks than "American Tragedy" did.
Artistdirect named the band's upcoming album as one of the most anticipated albums of 2012, along with other bands such as Linkin Park, Metallica, Black Sabbath, and others. The band revealed that Griffin Boice and Danny Lohner, who worked with the band on their previous albums, have returned to produce the upcoming third album. They also revealed that they will be upgrading their masks again, like they did prior to the release of their second album, "American Tragedy".
During 2012, the band is scheduled to play in a series of music festivals, including Epicenter 2012, Summerfest, Aftershock, Rock Fest, and others, joining bands such as Stone Temple Pilots, Escape the Fate, Deftones, and more.
On October 19, they released the track "Dead Bite" from the album for a free download, along with a lyric video to it and announcement for the upcoming album's first single.
On October 29, the lead single "We Are" was released along with the album title, named "Notes from the Underground". On December 10, the band released their official music video for "We Are" on their Vevo account on YouTube. The teaser of the video prior the release of the video credit's Slipknot's Shawn "Clown" Crahan as the director the music video.
The album was released on January 13 and sold over 53,000 copies in its first week, charting at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 and No. 1 on Canada's Top Albums chart. This makes it the highest charting album by the band so far, with their previous record, "American Tragedy", reaching No. 4 on the Billboard 200.
Musical style and vocal roles.
Hollywood Undead's music features a wide variety of musical styles, generally blending hip hop with alternative rock and dance influence. However, many would identify them as rap rock. Half of the songs in "Swan Songs" display a more party-based style, such as the songs "Everywhere I Go" and "No. 5" while the other half show a more serious approach to the album, such as "Young" and "Paradise Lost". Many critics have stated to be confused due to the record's constant representation of different sounds.
The band experimented with their sound in their second album "American Tragedy", and added in many more musical styles than shown in their first album. "American Tragedy" continues the band's original style, however, the album has less of a party-based style than "Swan Songs", and instead follows a more serious approach. Out of the total 19 tracks on "American Tragedy", there are only 3 songs that are based on partying, whereas "Swan Songs" had 6 out of its 14 tracks. "There is more rock, heavier sound and more pain in the songs," Johnny 3 Tears stated in an interview about the album. The band heavily experimented on the album, adding in more mainstream elements and experimenting with certain instruments that they did not use much in their previous efforts such as synthesizers or acoustic guitars. Many reviewers have compared some of this album to "Linkin Park's" first two records, due to the heavier tracks such as "Been to Hell" or "Tendencies".
The band is known for their vocal interplay within the songs, usually having 2, 3, and sometimes 4 rappers in a single song, while one member sings the choruses. However, some tracks are left to a single rapper, such as Johnny 3 Tears in "Pour Me", or Charlie Scene in "Everywhere I Go". And two of the songs, "Christmas in Hollywood" and "The Natives", feature all six of members. Guitarist Charlie Scene is known for taking part in the party-based songs such as "Everywhere I Go" or "Comin' in Hot", while also having roles in some of the more serious songs such as "City" and "Levitate". Johnny 3 Tears usually takes part in the more serious and heavier tracks, such as "Young" or "S.C.A.V.A.". Funny Man takes part in mainly the party-based songs such as "Comin' in Hot" and "No. 5", usually teaming up with Charlie Scene. J-Dog is known for his roles in the more fast-paced songs, such as "Tendencies" and "Sell Your Soul" and also takes roles in heavier songs, similarly to Johnny 3 Tears. Although Da Kurlzz doesn't take part in the rapping much, he usually provides screaming for songs like "Been to Hell". Danny (and formerly Deuce) provides singing vocals for the choruses in every song. However, in a few songs such as "Bullet," Charlie Scene sings a chorus, sometimes with Danny as a backup voice.
Names and Appearances.
Names.
Each member has their own band name, each with a reason:
Masks.
Each member has their own unique style of mask, of which have been upgraded from album to album, these are the masks the band have used up to today. Some masks have a meaning to them whilst others are just for looks.
This table goes through the changes of the masks:
The '-' symbol means that the member wasn't in the band at that point in time.

</doc>
<doc id="18720646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720646" title="Agfa Ambiflex">
Agfa Ambiflex

The Agfa Ambiflex was a SLR for 35mm film, made by Agfa in c.1960. It was made for interchangeable lenses but had a leaf shutter. Its viewfinder unit could also be exchanged - there were pentaprism and waist-level finders. The Ambiflex was equipped with a coupled selenium light meter and a self-timer.

</doc>
<doc id="18720653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720653" title="Bob Tuke">
Bob Tuke

Robert Dudley "Bob" Tuke (born December 5, 1947, Rochester, New York) was the Democratic nominee for the 2008 United States Senate election in Tennessee, having won the Democratic primary in August. He faced incumbent Republican Lamar Alexander in the general election in November, losing by approximately 33% of the final vote.
Tuke is a decorated United States Marine and served in the Vietnam War. He was the Chairman of the Democratic Party of Tennessee from 2005 to 2007, and also served as Barack Obama's Presidential campaign chair in Tennessee. Tuke earned his bachelor's degree from the University of Virginia in Charlottesville. He is also a graduate of Vanderbilt University, where he received his juris doctorate. , Tuke is a Partner at the Nashville law firm of Trauger and Tuke.

</doc>
<doc id="18720671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720671" title="Kyotaro Fujimoto">
Kyotaro Fujimoto

Early life.
He was born in Osaka, Japan on June 23, 1986. He started learning karate of Uomoto-ryū(魚本流) because his parents told him to start when he was buried by his two older sisters. His parents divorced in 1997 and he lives with his mother, sisters and grand mother.
When he was a high school student, he decided to be a fighter because he wanted to be famous but he knew that he wasn't good-looking and smart.
Kickboxing career.
He moved to Tokyo and joined Dragon Dojo established by Kensaku Maeda. He debut on May 17, 2006 against Junichi Hanada.
Kyotaro entered the world of K-1 when he fought and won the K-1 Tryout 2007 Survival tournament in Tokyo by defeating Tatsunori Momose in the Semi-final and Takumi Sato in the Final all by Decision. This tournament was designed to showcase new talent. He then fought Kyoung Suk Kim during the opening fights at K-1 World Grand Prix 2007 in Seoul Final 16 defeating Kim by 2nd Round Knockout. He further proved himself as a top K-1 contender by defeating the K-1 World Grand Prix 2004 in Las Vegas II and the K-1 World Grand Prix 2007 in Hawaii tournament champion Mighty Mo at K-1 World Grand Prix 2008 in Yokohama. Kyotaro was then invited to fight in the K-1 World GP 2008 in Fukuoka in which he became the runner up losing to Brazilian Karateka Ewerton Teixeira.
On March 28, 2009, Kyotaro won the K-1 Heavyweight (-100 kg) Title tournament by knocking out Melvin Manhoef in semifinals and beating Gokhan Saki in finals by Extra Round Majority Decision. Kyotaro became the second fighter after Badr Hari to win the title in K-1 Light Heavyweight division.
Kyotaro recently defended his title against 3 time K-1 Grand Prix Champion Peter Aerts at K-1 World Grand Prix 2010 in Yokohama. Kyotaro shocked fans by knocking Aerts down twice at the end of the 1st Round and then continuing to knock him out with his notable right hook into the 2nd Round.
At the K-1 Final 16 Kyotaro defeated another legend in Jerome Lebanner. Kyotaro withstood the frenchmans' early power to give him a severe beating in the 3rd round to earn a draw. The tired and supposedly beaten Lebanner was angry at the decision and walked out of the ring, giving Kyotaro the win by DQ. Though he still gained respect for standing toe to toe with one of the longest serving K-1 fighters in the world.
His next fight was at the K-1 World Grand Prix 2010 Final against 4-time defending champion Semmy Schilt. He fought with a good heart and game plan but was unable to faze his taller opponent, losing by unanimous decision.
He then chose to fight the DREAM (MMA) Light-heavyweight champion Gegard Mousasi. He was knocked down in the second round and again lost by unanimous decision.
In October 2011, Kyotaro relinquished the K-1 Heavyweight title in order to pursue a career in professional boxing.
Boxing career.
Kyotaro debuted as a pro boxer on December 31, 2011 when he took a unanimous decision win over Michael O'Donnell in Osaka, Japan. In September 2012, he defeated Chauncy Welliver by unanimous decision, who at the time was ranked #15 in the world by the WBC. Kyotaro took Welliver's place in the WBC top 15 as a result of this win. Kyotaro lost his next fight against Solomon Haumono via TKO in the 5th round. The fight was held at Bodymaker Colosseum in Osaka on December 31, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18720674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720674" title="Carter Islands">
Carter Islands

One of the Baffin Island offshore island groups, the Carter Islands are located in Frobisher Bay, west/southwest of Iqaluit. They are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18720683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720683" title="Ziegler Estate">
Ziegler Estate

Located in North East Los Angeles near the Southwest Museum, the Ziegler Estate is a historic building on Figueroa Street in the Highland Park section of Los Angeles, California. Built in 1904, the building was designed by Charles Hornbeck and Alfred P. Wilson with elements of both Queen Anne and American Craftsman architecture. In the 1950s, Carl Dentzel, then director of the Southwest Museum, purchased it as a potential addition to the Southwest Museum Complex, which also included the Casa de Adobe and the Braun Research Library. The house is currently used as a day-care facility.
The Zeigler Estate was nominated by Charles J. Fisher and the Highland Park Heritage Trust for Los Angeles Historic Cultural designation, and was declared Monument #416 on February 21, 1989. On October 3, 2003, it was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18720697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720697" title="2008–09 Football League Trophy">
2008–09 Football League Trophy

The Football League Trophy 2008–09, known as the Johnstone's Paint Trophy 2008–09 for sponsorship reasons, is the 25th Football League Trophy, a knockout competition for English football clubs in Leagues One and Two, the third and fourth tiers of English football. Luton Town won the competition, beating Scunthorpe United 3–2 after extra time in the final. However, Luton were unable to defend their trophy as they were relegated from the Football League at the end of the season.
The format was the same as that which had been used since 1996, with four first round regions; North-West, North-East, South-West and South-East and a two-region format from the second round; North and South. The resulting regional winners then meet in the final.
First round.
The First Round draw was conducted on 16 August 2008. The teams to be granted byes to the Second Round were drawn first, with the remaining teams drawn for the First Round ties. The First Round matches were played in the week commencing 1 September 2008.
First round byes.
Northern section.
Bury, Carlisle United, Chester City, Darlington, Lincoln City, Rochdale, <br>Rotherham United, Huddersfield Town.
Southern section.
Cheltenham Town, Gillingham, Hereford United, Luton Town, Milton Keynes Dons, Peterborough United, Walsall, Wycombe Wanderers.
Second round.
The Second Round draw was conducted on 6 September 2008, with matches played in the week commencing 6 October 2008.
Area quarter-finals.
The draw for the area quarter-finals was conducted on 11 October 2008. The matches were played in the week commencing 3 November 2008, with the exception of the match between Brighton & Hove Albion and Swindon Town, which was played on 12 November 2008.
Area semi-finals.
The draw for the area semi-finals was conducted on 8 November 2008, and matches were played in the week commencing 15 December 2008.
Area finals.
The area finals, which serve as the semi-finals for the entire competition, are contested over two legs, home and away. The first legs were played on 20 January 2009; the second legs were played on 17 February 2009.
Northern Section.
"Scunthorpe United won 3–0 on aggregate."
Southern Section.
"Brighton & Hove Albion 1–1 Luton Town on aggregate. Luton Town won 4–3 on penalties."

</doc>
<doc id="18720704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720704" title="Cuban Olympic Committee">
Cuban Olympic Committee

The Cuban Olympic Committee () is the organization that represents Cuban athletes in the International Olympic Committee (IOC), the Pan American Games and the Central American and Caribbean Games. It was created in Havana in 1926, however it was not formally recognized by the IOC until 1954. The organization is currently directed by José Fernández Álvarez.
The Cuban Olympic Committee is headquartered in Havana, Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="18720727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720727" title="Mutual Fund Dealers Association">
Mutual Fund Dealers Association

The Mutual Fund Dealers Association of Canada (MFDA) is a Canadian self-regulatory organization (SRO) that provides oversight to dealers that distribute mutual funds and exempt fixed income products. It is licenced under all Canadian provincial securities regulators (except Quebec, where it cooperates with the AMF instead). Its members consist of the distribution side of the industry that typically provide mutual funds and exempt fixed income products to Canadians through financial planners. 
It works in parallel to another Canadian SRO, the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada (IIROC), which is responsible for the distribution of equities, ETFs, and other exchange traded products such as closed-end funds.
History.
The MFDA was created in June, 1998 through an initiative by the Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) in response to the rapid growth of mutual funds in Canada in the late 1980s.
At inception there were <X> Mutual Fund Dealerships, a number that has declined over the years. As of July 2013 there were 115. These dealerships represent 81,134 salespeople, and 359.4 Billion dollars in investor assets. 
Purpose and structure.
The MFDA regulates the operations, standards of practice and business conduct of its Members and their representatives with a mandate to enhance investor protection and strengthen public confidence in the Canadian mutual fund industry. 
The mutual fund Dealerships collectively and formally represent themselves to the MFDA through the Federation of Mutual Fund Dealers FMFD. 

</doc>
<doc id="18720737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720737" title="Paper Moon (album)">
Paper Moon (album)

Paper Moon was recorded by the Dave Brubeck Quartet at Coast Recorders in San Francisco, California. The record was released in September 1981 by Concord Jazz, a subsidiary of Concord Records. It was produced by Russell Gloyd and engineered by Ron Davis and Phil Edwards. On this recording, pianist Dave Brubeck is accompanied by his son Chris Brubeck on the bass and bass trombone, with Jerry Bergonzi on tenor sax and Randy Jones on the drums. "Paper Moon" is Brubeck's third of three Concord recordings featuring this permutation of the Dave Brubeck Quartet; jazz commentator Scott Yanow referred to the album as the "most rewarding of the trio".
Analysis.
Stylistically, "Paper Moon" is typical Dave Brubeck cool jazz, varying only slightly from past Brubeck recordings. The tracks on this album are less hurried than those on "Time Out", Brubeck's best known recording. "Paper Moon" is a highly accessible recording; it flows seamlessly with the bass and drums providing a steady accompaniment.
"It's Only a Paper Moon".
The title track, "It’s Only a Paper Moon", begins with Dave Brubeck's piano, backed by the drummer's fast but light rhythm and the bassist's syncopated plucking. About forty seconds into the track the piano switches to stride style, and at 0:52 the saxophone enters on the melody as Dave Brubeck comps. At 2:38 Dave Brubeck begins his piano solo using block chords. His solo continues until 3:31 when bass player Chris Brubeck, now on bass trombone, takes over. His improvisation dips into the lowest registers, giving the piece a fuller and rougher tone. His solo ends the piece with a repeat of the chorus.

</doc>
<doc id="18720763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720763" title="Muhammad Suleiman">
Muhammad Suleiman

Muhammad Suleiman (Also Mohammad Sulayman) () (1959 – 1 August 2008) was a general and Special Presidential Advisor for Arms Procurement and Strategic Weapons to Syrian president Bashar Al-Assad.
Early life.
Suleiman was born in 1959 to an Alawite family.
Career.
Suleiman had been a key aide to Bashar even before he assumed office, from the time he appeared as heir to succeed his father, Hafez al-Assad, as president.
He was also in charge of sensitive areas such as handling relations with the IAEA regarding the suspect Al Kibar facility, handled intelligence affairs for the president and was reportedly also in charge of arms transfers from Syria to Hizballah in neighboring Lebanon.
Assassination and perpetrators.
It was reported by Iranian media that Suleiman was shot by a silenced weapon in the head and neck on a beach at al Rimal al Zahabiyeh resort near Tartous on 1 August 2008. According to the "As-Safir" newspaper, arrested Mossad spy Ali Jarrah "testified to have scouted 'certain points' in the coastal town of Tartous in northern Syria," where Suleiman was assassinated. "The Sunday Times" reported that Suleiman was assassinated by Israel.
Some reporters speculated that Suleiman had been killed at close range.
A cable released by Wikileaks revealed that France told the U.S. that Suleiman was probably killed as a result of rivalry within the Syrian regime. Maher al-Assad, brother of the Syrian president, was likely to have ordered the killing. Furthermore, France said that Suleiman was not killed by a sniper, but in fact gunned down in his car.
In an 2009 article regarding the destruction of Al Kibar, "Der Spiegel" gives a detailed description of Suleiman's murder as having taken place by rifle shots from a passing yacht and implies that it was linked to his involvement in Al Kibar and his upcoming visit to Tehran.
Funeral.
Suleiman was buried on 3 August 2008. Maher al-Assad participated in his funeral.
Aftermath.
According to a U.S. State Department cable published by Wikileaks, Syrian authorities found $80 million in cash in the basement of Suleiman's home. This reportedly upset President Assad, who launched an investigation into how Suleiman obtained that much money.

</doc>
<doc id="18720767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720767" title="Revolution of the Lances">
Revolution of the Lances

The Revolution of the Lances ("Revolución de las Lanzas") occurred in Uruguay from September 12, 1870 to April 6, 1872.
Parties to the conflict.
Led by Timoteo Aparicio, leader of the National Party of Uruguay (the Blancos) and a former army officer, it was named after the "tacuara", an improvised weapon used by South American militias, consisting of a knife tied to a stalk of sugarcane, resulting in a rudimentary lance.
Resolution.
The series of events known as the Revolution of the Lances ended with a power-sharing agreement between the Blanco and Colorado Parties. 
This agreement in one form or another was to last until the early 20th century, when the Blanco forces were defeated at the Battle of Masoller in 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="18720774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720774" title="Superior Oil Company Building">
Superior Oil Company Building

The Superior Oil Company Building, also known as the Bank of California Building and the Standard Hotel, is a 12-story marble-clad highrise building in Downtown Los Angeles. Completed in 1956, the Modern architecture structure was designed by Claud Beelman and William Simpson, as an office building and headquarters for Superior Oil Company. The building's design featured motifs particular to Superior Oil, including stylized "S" door pulls for the entrances and a bas-relief-style metal sculpture of an oilfield and refinery landscape above the Flower Street entrance interior. 
In 2002 it was sold and converted by Koning Eizenberg Architecture into a Standard Hotel. In 2003, the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places based on its architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="18720785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720785" title="Sanjay Jha">
Sanjay Jha

Sanjay Kumar Jha (born 1963) is the CEO of GLOBALFOUNDRIES and former chairman and chief executive officer of Motorola Mobility. Prior to that he was the chief operating officer of Qualcomm.
Early life.
Jha was born in 1963 in Bhagalpur, Bihar in east India. He received a B.S. in engineering from the University of Liverpool and a Ph.D. in Electronics engineering from the University of Strathclyde .
Career.
On January 7th, 2014 it was announced that Sanjay Jha would be the CEO of the GlobalFoundaries Inc. GlobalFoundries is a privately held company with its headquarters in Santa Clara, CA, USA. GlobalFoundries is the second largest semiconductor foundry business in the world with fabs in Malta (NY, USA), Dresden (Saxony, Germany), and Singapore. 
On August 4, 2008 it was announced he would be the new CEO for the Motorola Mobile Devices business.
Before joining Motorola, Sanjay Jha was COO of Qualcomm and president of Qualcomm CDMA Technologies. As COO, Jha was overlooking Corporate Research and Development and Qualcomm Flarion Technologies (QFT) in addition to his role as president of QCT, the chipset and software division of Qualcomm Incorporated.
Before joining Qualcomm, Jha held lead design engineering roles with Brooktree Corporation in San Diego, and Hirst Research Centre in London.
Jha began his career at Qualcomm in 1994 as a senior engineer with the Qualcomm very-large-scale integration group working on the Globalstar satellite phone, and later on the first 13k vocoder application-specific integrated circuit, which was integrated into Qualcomm's MSM2200 chipset. In 1997, Jha was promoted to vice president of engineering, where he was responsible for leading the integrated-circuit engineering group. Jha led and oversaw the development of five generations of modem and cell site chipsets, both digital baseband and RF (radio frequency), and system software. He was promoted to senior vice president of engineering in 1998.
In 2002, Jha led the formation of Qualcomm Technologies & Ventures, where he managed both the technology investment portfolio and the new technology group as senior vice president and general manager. Jha became executive vice president of Qualcomm and president of Qualcomm CDMA Technologies in 2003. He was named COO in December 2006.
Jha serves two prominent industry roles in addition to his leadership at Qualcomm. In June 2005, he was elected to the board of directors of the Semiconductor Industry Association. He also serves as vice chairman of the Fabless Semiconductor Association.
On January 7, 2014 Sanjay Jha was announced as new CEO for GLOBALFOUNDRIES.
Compensation.
As a Co-CEO of Motorola in 2008, Sanjay Jha earned a total compensation of $8,462,544, which included a base salary of $905,769, a $836,931 cash bonus, stocks granted of $2,356,136, and options granted of $4,004,000.
After the Google acquisition of Motorola Mobility is complete, Jha would receive $13.20 million in cash and $52.5 million for his stock options and shares. The cash component of the Golden Parachute package included $10.8 million in severance pay and a $2.4 million bonus. The cash portion is equal to three times Jha’s base salary and bonus. Jha stepped down after the deal was completed on 22 May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18720798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720798" title="List of short fiction made into feature films">
List of short fiction made into feature films

This is a list of short stories and novellas that have been made into feature films. The title of the work is followed by the work's author, the title of the film, and the year of the film. If a film has an alternate title based on geographical distribution, the title listed will be that of the widest distribution area.

</doc>
<doc id="18720806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720806" title="Miss Dominican Republic 1964">
Miss Dominican Republic 1964

Señorita República Dominicana 1964 was held on January 31, 1964. 12 candidates are competed for the national crown. The winner represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss Universe 1964 . The first runner up will enter Miss International 1964. Only the 16 province entered. On the top 6 they showed their swimsuit and answered questions so they could go to the top 3. In the top 3 they would answer more questions. There are only 12 delegates due to the reason low economy in each province and the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18720810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720810" title="Stagg (tree)">
Stagg (tree)

The Stagg tree (formerly known as the Day Tree) is a giant sequoia in Alder Creek Grove in California's Sierra Nevada mountains. It is the fifth largest tree in the world and is believed to be over 3,000 years old. The tree was renamed around 1960 for Amos Alonzo Stagg (1862-1965), a pioneering football coach at the University of Chicago who spent much of the last several decades of his life coaching in Stockton in the nearby San Joaquin Valley. In 1993 a group of climbers scaled the full height of the tree and discovered a hollow room inside its trunk near the very top.
Statistics.
L. Day noticed the tree in 1931 and, with help from two others, made measurements of it in 1932. Wendell Flint, the author (with photographer Mike Law) of "To Find the Biggest Tree", measured it in 1977 as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18720849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720849" title="Buzzin' (TV series)">
Buzzin' (TV series)

Buzzin' was a TV series that focus on musicians Cisco Adler and Shwayze. The show documents how Shwayze and Adler are becoming more famous and the exciting and entertaining life of being famous. They are both from Malibu, California. Their style of music is a collaboration of Hip-Hop and Alternative. The show was on MTV and was debuted on July 23, 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="18720855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720855" title="Theodorus Priscianus">
Theodorus Priscianus

Theodorus Priscianus () was a physician at Constantinople during the 4th century, and the author of the Latin work "Rerum Medicarum Libri Quatuor".
Career.
Priscianus was a pupil of the physician Vindicianus, fixing the period of his life in the fourth century. He is said to have lived at the court of Constantinople, and to have obtained the dignity of Archiater. He belonged to the medical sect of the "Empirici", but not without a certain mixture of the doctrines of the "Methodici", and even of the "Dogmatici".
Works.
The "Rerum Medicarum Libri Quatuor", or "Medical Matters in Four Books", is sometimes attributed to a person named "Octavius Horatianus". The first book treats of external diseases, the second of internal, the third of female diseases, and the fourth of physiology, etc. The author, in his preface, speaks against the learned and worthy disputes physicians held at the bedside of the patient, and against their reliance on foreign remedies in preference indigenous ones.
It was first published in 1532, in a folio edition at Strasburg, and a quarto edition at Basel. Of these the latter is more correct than the other, but not so complete, as the whole of the fourth book is wanting, and also several chapters of the first and second books. It also appeared in Kraut's "Experimentarius Medicinae", Argent, folio, 1544, and in the Aldine Collection of "Medici Antiqui Latini", 1547, folio, Venet. J. M. Bernhold published a new octavo edition in 1791, at Ansbach, but only printed a first volume that contained the first book and part of the second.
Priscianus is generally identified as the author of a short Latin work, entitled "Diaeta sive de Rebus Salutaribus Liber", first published in 1533. fol. Argent., with "Hildegardis Physica," and in a separate form in 1632. octavo. Hal. ed. G. E. Schreiner. The manuscripts and these editions of his work simply identify the author as "Theodorus".
Criticism.
Of the "Rerum Medicarum", Dr. William A. Greenhill writes, "Several of the medicines which Priscianus mentions are absurd and superstitious; the style and language of the work are bad; and altogether it is of little interest and value."

</doc>
<doc id="18720861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720861" title="General Petroleum Building">
General Petroleum Building

The General Petroleum Building, also known as the Mobil Oil Building and the Pegasus Apartments, is a highrise building in Downtown Los Angeles that was built in 1949. It was designed by Becket and Wurdeman and P.J. Walker in the Modern architecture style. Later converted into apartments, it operated under the name Pegasus. In 2004, the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places based on architectural criteria.

</doc>
<doc id="18720862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720862" title="Accession of Macedonia to the European Union">
Accession of Macedonia to the European Union

The Republic of Macedonia has been a candidate for accession to the European Union since 2005 but has not yet entered into accession negotiations. It submitted its membership application in 2004, thirteen years after its independence from former Yugoslavia. Currently (as of 2013), it is one of five remaining candidate countries, together with Iceland, Montenegro, Serbia and Turkey, after the latest round of enlargement that brought membership to Croatia. Among current obstacles to full membership is the ongoing dispute with Greece over the country's name, which is also the reason why it is officially addressed by the European Union with the provisional appellation "Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia", rather than its constitutional name, "Republic of Macedonia". Another problem is that there are strained relations between Macedonia and Bulgaria. Accession to the EU has been defined as the highest strategic priority for the country's government. The expected accession is currently described as a "medium to long term" prospect.
The government's motto for the candidacy is "The Sun, too, is a star", referring to the sun from the flag of the Republic of Macedonia being displayed among the other stars in the Flag of Europe, in the official logo of the candidacy.
History.
The Republic of Macedonia began its formal process of rapprochment with the European Union in 2000, by initiating negotiations about the EU's Stabilisation and Association Process, and it became the first non-EU country in the Balkans to sign the Stabilisation and Association Agreement (SAA), on 9 April 2001 in Luxembourg. The agreement was ratified by the Macedonian parliament on 12 April 2001, and was the first to be ratified by all the member states and come into force on 1 April 2004.
At the same time, on 22 March 2004 in Dublin, Ireland, Macedonia submitted its application for EU membership. On 6 September 2004, the Macedonian government adopted a National Strategy for European integration, supported by the country's parliament through its Commission for European Issues. The government subsequently began the procedure of answering the questionnaire of the European Commission regarding its performance in preparation for membership in accordance with the Copenhagen criteria, a process that was finished by 31 January 2005. The European Council officially granted the country candidate status on 17 December 2005, after a review and a positive recommendation of the candidacy by the European Commission.
Controversy.
A major obstacle for the accession process is the Republic's still-unresolved dispute with Greece over its name. While the country prefers to be called by its constitutional name, Republic of Macedonia, the European Union, in acknowledgment of concerns raised by Greece, has maintained a practice of recognising it only as the "former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia", the compromise "provisional reference" introduced by the United Nations in 1993. Greece, as any other EU country, has veto power against new accessions, and has repeatedly stated that it will block Macedonian accession unless the naming issue is resolved beforehand. Since 2008, resolution of the naming conflict has also been added to the official preconditions raised by the EU.
In 2006 EU sources criticized the country's leadership under prime minister Nikola Gruevski for its policies against its Albanian minority and the politicisation of many state institutions, warning that these problems may become obstacles to the official start of accession talks.
Bilateral conflicts also exist with Bulgaria, mainly related to conflicting views about the two countries' shared 19th- and 20th-century history and the ethnic separateness of the two nations. Bulgaria joined the EU on 1 January 2007. In July 2006, Bulgarian foreign minister Ivaylo Kalfin and president Georgi Parvanov stated that Bulgaria's support for Macedonian membership might not be unconditional, citing concerns over negative and aggressive attitudes against Bulgaria and Bulgarian history fostered by the Macedonian authorities. Defiant answers were reported from the Macedonian political leadership.
In October 2012, the European Commission recommended for the fourth consecutive year that membership negotiations with Macedonia be launched. On each previous occasion the opening of negotiations were vetoed by Greece. In 2012 Bulgaria also utilized their veto.
A solution for the long-lasting naming dispute however moved considerably closer, when the Greek foreign minister on 4 October 2012 forwarded a draft for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to settle the question. According to the Euractive website the proposal was answered positively by the Macedonian foreign minister on 8 November 2012. Štefan Füle, European Commissioner for Enlargement and European Neighbourhood Policy, stated that the softening of positions by the two states could allow for accession negotiations to begin before a compromise on the naming dispute was reached. On 11 December 2012, the Council of the European Union concluded that Macedonia could start accession negotiations as early as the second quarter of 2013, conditional on reaching an agreement on its dispute with Bulgaria and Greece. The Council was encouraged that progress on the latter dispute had recently been made by a UN mediator.
However, in February 2013 Füle canceled his planned trip to Macedonia to assess the country's progress on reforms due to ongoing political instability in Macedonia, including the boycott of parliament and the threat to boycott upcoming local elections by the Social Democratic Union of Macedonia. He warned that the stalemate was “putting at risk” the launch of accession negotiations.
In October 2013 the European Commission recommended for a fifth straight year that accession negotiations with Macedonia be launched.
Visa liberalisation process.
On 1 January 2008 the visa facilitation and readmission agreements between Serbia and the EU entered into force.
Macedonia began a visa liberalisation dialogue with the EU in February 2008 and was added to the list of visa exempt nationals on 19 December 2009, allowing their citizens to enter the Schengen Area, Bulgaria, Cyprus and Romania without a visa when traveling with biometric passports.
Institutions.
The Macedonian government has established a management infrastructure for the European integration process on the basis of a paper adopted in 1997 under the title "The strategic bases of the Republic of Macedonia on achieving the membership of the European Union". It consists of the following institutions:
The other institutions supporting the EU integration process are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18720873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720873" title="Aaron Lopresti">
Aaron Lopresti

Aaron Lopresti (born January 7, 1964) is an American comic book artist who has worked for Marvel Comics, DC Comics, and Image Comics.
Career.
Lopresti first published work of note was the Malibu Comics title "Sludge", in 1993. He has since gone on to illustrate such titles as Marvel's "X-Men", "Captain Marvel", "Planet Hulk" and "Ms. Marvel" and was the artist for DC's "Wonder Woman" for issues #20-23, 26-30, 32-40, switching shifts with artist Bernard Chang. He drew covers for both "Adventure Comics" and ', as well as interior art for '. Lopresti was amongst the new creative talent running DC Comics' The New 52 relaunch in 2011, becoming the penciller of the new "Justice League International" series, working with writer Dan Jurgens. In June 2012 it was announced that Lopresti and writer Christy Marx will be producing a revival of Amethyst, Princess of Gemworld in the "Sword of Sorcery" title.
Bibliography.
Comics work (interior pencil art) includes:

</doc>
<doc id="18720913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720913" title="Genesis (tree)">
Genesis (tree)

The Genesis Tree is a giant sequoia that is the seventh largest tree in the world. It is located in Mountain Home State Forest, a sequoia grove located in Sequoia National Forest in the Sierra Nevada in eastern California.
History.
The tree was named and discovered by Wendell Flint and Mike Law in 1985 while searching for "big trees" in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of California. They measured a massive, previously undocumented, tree that they observed in the Mountain Home giant sequoia grove, and determined that it is slightly smaller than the Boole tree in the Converse Basin grove in Sequoia National Forest, but with a more slender base and larger trunk. The Genesis tree is also slightly larger than what was then the seventh largest tree in the world - the Franklin tree in the Giant Forest grove of Sequoia National Park - thereby making the Genesis the seventh largest tree overall, and the largest tree in the Mountain Home grove.
Dimensions.
The dimensions of the Genesis Tree as measured by Wendell D. Flint. The calculated volume ignores burns.

</doc>
<doc id="18720916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720916" title="Hotel Chancellor">
Hotel Chancellor

The Hotel Chancellor is a historic building in Los Angeles, California. Built in 1924, it was for many years located on the block to the east of the city's famous Ambassador Hotel. The structure was designed by Milton M. Friedman in the Beaux Arts style. It has since been converted from a hotel to an apartment building. In 2006, the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places based on architectural criteria.

</doc>
<doc id="18720936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720936" title="Vandinho">
Vandinho

Vandinho may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18720938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720938" title="Briar Ridge">
Briar Ridge

Briar Ridge is a gated, upscale residential community partly in Dyer and partly in Schererville, in Lake County, Indiana.
Overview.
Bordered on the south by 213th St, on the north by Main St, and on the west by Hart Ditch in a gated golf course neighborhood. Streets in Briar Ridge include: Ballybunion Ct, Killarney Dr, La Forestiere Ct, Portmarnock Ct, Royal Dublin Ln, Waterville Ct, La Hinch Ct, Tryall Ln, Perthshire Ln, Muirfield Dr, Rescobie Dr, Troon Ct, Turnberry Dr, St. Andrews Dr, Wilderness Dr, Augusta Way, Clubhouse Dr, Prestwick Dr, Inverness Ln, Carnoustie Ln, and Glen Eagles Drive. All of the streets in the community are named after renowned world-class golf courses.

</doc>
<doc id="18720943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720943" title="Gábor Bardi">
Gábor Bardi

Gábor Bardi (born 20 November 1978 in Budapest) is a Hungarian goalkeeper who last played for APOP Kinyras Peyias.

</doc>
<doc id="18720952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720952" title="Bryan Park (Downsville, Louisiana)">
Bryan Park (Downsville, Louisiana)

Bryan Park is a community park in Downsville, LA. It features a pond, surrounded by a walking trail, and around 40 species of trees.
Within the rural village of Downsville, you can enter Bryan Park by roadway or walking path from the graveled apron on LA 151. The
park drive is approximately on a rise bordered by pines on one side and a meadow on the other. Cresting the rise, you may leave your vehicle at the parking areas and take a walk under the oaks. Follow an easy walking trail through bottomland hardwoods and mixed pine forest around the pond, where you may sight such nesting species as Black-throated Green or Black and White Warblers, Northern Parulas, and Red-shouldered and Cooper’s Hawks. Wading birds such as Great Egret, Great Blue Heron, and Green Heron also frequent the pond and the cattail perimeter hosts Red-winged Blackbirds. In the warmer months, honeysuckle attracts Ruby-throated Hummingbirds. Wetland migrants include Marsh Wren and Common Yellowthroat in the fall and spring. In the late winter until spring, Black Vultures court and cruise. Generally, the park boundaries are alive with Woodpeckers, Eastern Bluebirds, various Sparrows, Vireos, Indigo Buntings, Eastern Meadowlarks, Bobwhites, Mourning Dove, Northern Cardinals
and Blue Jays. Owls are habitués.
History.
Bryan Park was originally part of the Bryan Sausage company. In April 2007, Bill and Sue Bryan donated the land to the Village of Downsville, with the stipulation that it be used as a public community park.

</doc>
<doc id="18720960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720960" title="Ashfield Plain Historic District">
Ashfield Plain Historic District

The Ashfield Plain Historic District is a historic district roughly, along Main and South Streets and adjacent parts of Buckland and Norton Hill Roads in Ashfield, Massachusetts. Among the buildings included in the district is Ashfield's Town Hall, which was built in the 1810s to house the First Congregational Church. While still in use by the congregation the building was moved down a steep hill to its present location. In 1870 the building was sold to the town, and adapted for use as town hall.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18720973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720973" title="Bernardston Congregational Unitarian Church">
Bernardston Congregational Unitarian Church

The Bernardston Congregational Unitarian Church is a historic church building at the junction of Church and Depot Streets in Bernardston, Massachusetts. The church is notable for the history of construction, movement, and reconstruction, since it was first erected in 1739, just two years after Bernardston was settled. It began as an early colonial meeting house, located on Huckle Hill, and was moved in 1772 on capstans and rollers using human power. In 1791 it was moved again, this time by disassembly and reconstruction, to a location on Bald Mountain Road. It was moved a third time in 1825, again by disassembly, to its present location. It was significantly altered in 1846, which it acquired its Greek Revival features and its belfry.
The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. It is still owned by its original congregation.

</doc>
<doc id="18720977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720977" title="Loris Holland">
Loris Holland

Loris Holland is an American composer, record producer, synthesizer and songwriter.
Biography.
Holland grew up in the British Guyana, to a family which forbade any music other than hymns and classical music, due to the deaths of his maternal grandfather and uncle on separate occasions, whilst playing popular music at a nightclub. His mother, a piano teacher, would instruct him on various classical pieces, which he would then practice on the piano till he fell asleep. Eventually, when he was thirteen years old, he began to play the keyboard in secret, till his parents found out when he was fourteen and a half.
Years later, his parents gave up the ban on popular music, and Holland moved to London, attending the Royal School of Music and then eventually pursued a scholarship in New York City, where he attended the Aaron Copland School of Music. During the mid-seventies, Holland began receiving calls from jazz legends including Steve Jordan and the Brecker Brothers, to do sessions with them. However, he did not have confidence in his own abilities, and so declined each time. His musical career began when he successfully auditioned as musical director at the Brooklyn Pilgrim Church. He then called in his colleagues from college to work with him, and eventually started his own gospel/fusion band.
As Holland's career blossomed, he received offers from numerous gospel artists, but he declined, in order to stay with the church, until he realized he would need more than the $350 per month salary he received in order to support his family. He then coproduced a Christmas album by Mariah Carey, with Carey and Walter Afanasieff, and also set up a writing and production deal with Zomba Music and Jive Records. He later worked at London's battery studio's, together with artists including Jonathan Butler and Ruby Turner, but quit work there after a dissatisfaction with cuts made on the album he had worked on with Turner, and after Zomba Music called his writing partners to join them. When his marriage failed after he set up studio in his Long Island house, and his singers teamed up with Mariah Carey, (although they would still call on him to play music for them, and ask to use it in their tracks) he resumed work at the Brooklyn Pilgrim Church.
Holland was eventually asked by Tony Prendatt to help Fugees member Lauryn Hill, who was working on her own hip-hop record, but was unhappy with her players. When he played for her, she had him redo everything on the track, in favor of his work. She asked him to be her musical director, but he declined, though he stayed and helped her band along.
Today, Loris Holland is involved in various projects and makes his home in West New York, N.J. with his wife Antonia Holland.
Awards and nominations.
He has been nominated for five Daytime Emmy awards from 2001 to 2005, all of which were for Outstanding Achievement in Music Direction and Composition for a Drama Series, for his work on "All My Children". He won the award in 2002, 2003, and 2005. His first nomination was shared with Terry Walker, A.J. Gundell, Jerry Pilato, Dominic Messinger, Gary Kuo, Mike Renzi, John Wineglass, Brian Comotto, Robbie Kondor, and Ron Goodman. His first win was shared with the above, plus Peter Fish.

</doc>
<doc id="18720987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720987" title="Bissell Bridge (Massachusetts)">
Bissell Bridge (Massachusetts)

The Bissell Bridge is a historic covered bridge on Heath Road (Massachusetts Route 8A) over Mill Brook in Charlemont, Massachusetts. The TECO Enhanced Long through truss bridge was built in 1951 by the T. J. Harvey Company, to a design by the Timber Engineering Company (TECO) and the Massachusetts Department of Transportation (DOT). The bridge is long, and rests on stone-faced reinforced concrete abutments. Mill Brook passes fifteen to twenty feet below the bridge at normal water levels. It was the first covered bridge to be built in Massachusetts in the 20th century, replacing an earlier covered bridge that dated to about 1881.
The bridge is sited near an old mill dam and pond, and is not far (about ) from the house of Henry W. Bissell, for whom it is named. The town appropriated $1000 for its construction in 1880, and it is assumed to have been built not long afterward. By the mid 20th century the bridge was deteriorating, and the DOT condemned it. The town vehemently opposed the construction of a modern steel-and-concrete structure as its replacement, and the matter drew a great deal of media attention. The design that resulted from the decision-making process was a near replica of the original bridge. It was built at a cost (shared by all levels of government) of $50,000 to $55,000. The only major deviations from the original design were made to accommodate modern roadway requirements. By the end of the 20th century, the new bridge was also deteriorating, and was closed and rehabilitated. The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18721002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721002" title="Burkeville Covered Bridge">
Burkeville Covered Bridge

The Burkeville Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Conway, Massachusetts. It is a rare example of a multiple kingrod bridge with iron tensioning verticals (a modified Howe truss system), and one of a few 19th century covered bridges to survive in Massachusetts. The bridge was built in 1870 after the previous bridge on the site (in the Burkeville section of Conway) was damaged in a flood. The bridge carries Main Poland Road over the South River, just south of Massachusetts Route 116 west of Conway Center. Its roof partially collapsed under heavy snow in 1975, but was restored by town volunteers. It was closed for safety reasons in 1985, and reopened to vehicular traffic in November 2013 after renovations. The bridge was listed on the National Historic Register in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18721004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721004" title="Temotu languages">
Temotu languages

The Temotu languages, named after Temotu Province of the Solomon Islands, are a branch of Oceanic languages proposed in Ross & Næss 2007 for the Reefs – Santa Cruz languages. These languages had previously been considered Papuan, but Ross & Næss established that the closest relatives were the Utupua–Vanikoro languages, previously thought to be Central–Eastern Oceanic.
"Ethnologue" does not accept the Vanikoro node.

</doc>
<doc id="18721013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721013" title="Charlemont Village Historic District">
Charlemont Village Historic District

The Charlemont Village Historic District is a historic district on MA 2 (Main St.) between South & Harmont Streets, encompassing the village center of Charlemont, Massachusetts. The district's properties represent the growth of the village center from its rural origin through a period of 19th century industrialization, including 18th and 19th century farmsteads, Greek Revival buildings of the mid 19th century, and later 19th century Victorian architectural styles.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18721015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721015" title="Agnew's Village, California">
Agnew's Village, California

Agnew's land appears on 1877 maps, opposite Lick Mill, a paper mill operated by James Lick. Agnew's Village was annexed into Santa Clara in the mid 1980s.
The Agnew name lives on in Agnew Park in Santa Clara, as well as Agnews Developmental Center, the western campus of which was located in Agnew's Village. The campus has since been turned into the Rivermark community and an R&D campus for Oracle Corporation (formerly the headquarters for Sun Microsystems). The latter includes the Agnews Historic Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18721019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721019" title="Radio Amateur Society of Thailand">
Radio Amateur Society of Thailand

The Radio Amateur Society of Thailand (RAST) (in Thai, สมาคมวิทยุสมัครเล่นแห่งประเทศไทย) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Thailand. The organization is founded under the royal patronage of the King of Thailand, and qualifies as a charitable entity pursuant to a Thai Ministry of Finance declaration. The organization was founded on August 22, 1963 by a group of amateur radio operators who met at a restaurant in Bangkok. Among the first orders of business was to address official objections to the communications of radio amateurs in Thailand with amateur radio operators in other countries. The RAST represents the interests of Thai amateur radio operators and shortwave listeners before Thai and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. RAST is the national member society representing Thailand in the International Amateur Radio Union.
Amateur "ham" radio operations in Thailand are permitted via an examination in the Thai language for Thai nationals and others who may be permanent residents OR via a reciprocal awarding of a Thailand license based on the presentation of a valid license from a few other countries (the list includes USA and is expanding; consult the RAST web site for the latest list). Each reciprocal agreement must be arranged via treaty between Thailand and other nations. Licenses have a five-year term, renewable. The international assigned prefixes for ham call letters in Thailand are HS and E2; numbers and letters are added behind these letters to identify each individual licensee or radio club (example: HS0AC and E20AAA). There are about 300,000 licensed operators in Thailand, but only a couple of dozen operate on the HF frequencies; the others utilize the 2 meter band.
RAST holds monthly member meetings the first Sunday of each month in a Bangkok venue. Guests are welcome. Officers and Board Members are elected regularly and hold two year terms.

</doc>
<doc id="18721020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721020" title="Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Building">
Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Building

The Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Building was built in 1928 and for many years housed one of the city's most successful African American-owned businesses, the Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Company. The building was designed by James H. Garrott and Louis Blodgett in the Mission Revival style. It is located in the heart of the city's Central Avenue commercial district that was a center of the jazz world in the 1930s and 1940s. The noted Dunbar Hotel is located on the next block to the north. The structure was later converted into a child development center known as the Dunbar Child Development Center. In 1998, the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18721022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721022" title="Colrain Center Historic District">
Colrain Center Historic District

The Colrain Center Historic District encompasses the historic center of Colrain, Massachusetts, a rural hill town in northwestern Franklin County. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. Colrain was incorporated in 1761, but did not experience significant growth until later in the 18th century. The center began as the location of a local farm, and a bridge probably located where only stone abutments now stand. The center of the district and the village is the town green, a triangular patch of land at the junction of Main Road, Greenville Road and Jacksonville Road, and it is naturally bounded by the terrain, a steeply sided valley along a branch of the North River. Most of the housing in the district dates from the mid 19th century to the early 20th century, as are its institutional buildings. The Town Hall is a former congregational church, built in the Greek Revival style in 1834. The other former church building is the Methodist Church, built a few years later, but with Gothic Revival features; it was vacant in 2006. The Griswold Public Library building (1908, Classical Revival) is the only institutional building still used for its original purpose; all the others have either been lost or adaptively reused.

</doc>
<doc id="18721025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721025" title="Dimitrios Karatziovalis">
Dimitrios Karatziovalis

Dimitrios Karatziovalis (Greek: Δημήτρης Καρατζιοβαλής; born 22 July 1975) is a Greek goalkeeper who plays for Apollon Kalamarias F.C. in the Greek Delta Ethniki.
Karatziovalis began his career playing for Propontida Neou Marmara where he first developed his skills. Then he played for Poseidonas Michanionas, Apollon Smyrni F.C., Ethnikos Olympiakos Volos F.C., Apollon Kalamarias F.C. and Aris Thessaloniki F.C., where he stayed for four years.

</doc>
<doc id="18721027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721027" title="Aiqqujat Islands">
Aiqqujat Islands

The Aiqqujat Islands are an uninhabited island group in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. They are located in Hudson Bay's Wager Bay, and are a part of Ukkusiksalik National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18721031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721031" title="Conway Center Historic District">
Conway Center Historic District

The Conway Center Historic District encompasses the historic village center of Conway, Massachusetts. The district is focused on Main Street, a section of Massachusetts Route 116 that connects two major road intersections on either side of the South River. It includes properties on Main Street, Elm Street, and Academy Hill Road. Many of its structures are houses, which are predominantly of 19th century construction, although there are a number of Colonial Revival structures from the early 20th century. Prominent buildings include the 1895-6 Queen Anne style Masonic Hall, and the 1901 Classical Revival Field Memorial Library. The district also includes the bridge carrying Main Street over the river (built 1925, concrete), and a traffic island at the western end of the district (where Main Street meets River Street, Baptist Hill Road, and Shelburne Hill Road) which contains a water fountain erected by the Womens Christian Temperance Union in 1905.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18721036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721036" title="Norwich Law School">
Norwich Law School

UEA Law School, founded in 1977, is a school within the University of East Anglia, dedicated to research and teaching in law. It is located in Earlham Hall, a seventeenth-century mansion situated on the edge of the UEA campus. Since 2010, the school has been located in the Blackdale School Building owing to essential renovation work. In March 2014 the School will move back into Earlham Hall.
Students and courses.
Some 760 students are registered in the Law School of whom about 590 are studying for one of the LLB degrees, 28 for the Graduate Diploma in Legal Studies and just under 100 are doing taught postgraduate programmes.
Undergraduate Degrees
Master Degrees
PhD degree
Postgraduate Certificate in Employment Law
CPE/Graduate Diploma in Legal Studies'
Academics.
UEA Law School is a medium sized law school. It has 23 full-time members of faculty who are assisted by 12 part-timers. The Head of the School is Professor Peter Kunzlik who joined the School following Professor Alastair Mullis' departure in September 2013. The Professors are Michael Harker, Morten Hviid, David Mead, Rosemary Pattenden, Duncan Sheehan, Andreas Stephan, and Owen Warnock.
Research.
The 2008 Research Assessment Exercise rated 80% of the research as being at international level (2* and above), of which 40% was rated as being of either world-leading (4*) or internationally excellent quality (3*). The School has research centres or groupings in the areas of Competition Law, Media and Internet Law and International Company and Commercial Law. Additionally, members of the School have international reputations for research in Intellectual Property Law, Public Order law, Evidence, Criminal Justice and Procedure, Comparative Private Law, Contract, Tort and Restitution, and Family law. In addition to these School-based research clusters, many researchers in the School belong to formal networks which go beyond the Law School. For example, the School's competition lawyers are members of the ESRC Centre for Competition Policy and Professor Morten Hviid of the Law School took over from Catherine Waddams as Director of the CCP in September 2010. The School's Media and Internet lawyers play a central role in media@uea and Professor Alastair Mullis is a co-director, with Professor John Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18721038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721038" title="Val Sim">
Val Sim

Val Sim Valery (Val) Catherine Sim (born 1954) is a former New Zealand Law Commissioner and former member of the New Zealand Criminal Justice Advisory Board. 
She attended Victoria University of Wellington where she graduated with an LL.B (Hons). After spending 15 years as a barrister or solicitor, she joined the Ministry of Justice in 1992. In 1998, she was appointed to the position of Chief Legal Counsel. During her six years in that position, she ruled on many petitions for the exercise of the Royal Prerogative of Mercy. Among the petitioners whom she said should not be pardoned were David Bain, Rex Haig, and Peter Ellis. The Privy Council later quashed Bain’s conviction, while Haig’s was overturned by the Court of Appeal.
In 2002, following the publication of Lynley Hood’s book, A City Possessed, about the Peter Ellis case, then Justice Minister Phil Goff asked Sim to review Hood’s book to determine if it contained any new evidence. Sim said it did not. She concluded her review by quoting Sir Thomas Eichelbaum, who in 2001 reported that the case should be “allowed to rest”. Sim was heavily involved in Eichelbaum's inquiry into the case. Her involvement has raised a number of questions about her impartiality, questions which she has refused to answer. 
In 2004, Sim was appointed as Human Rights leader at Crown Law Office. In 2007, she was made a Law Commissioner for a term of three years. The following year she was appointed to the Criminal Justice Advisory Board, which was established to improve public confidence in the criminal justice system. The Board was short-lived.

</doc>
<doc id="18721039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721039" title="Dedic Site">
Dedic Site

The DEDIC or DEDIC/Sugarloaf Site is a paleo-Indian Clovis-era archaeological site in South Deerfield, Massachusetts. It encompasses an area of the Connecticut and Deerfield River valleys containing evidence of relatively large-scale human habitation dating back 10,000 years. It is located in the general vicinity of Mount Sugarloaf.
The site has yielded stone artifacts such as scrapers, drills, hammerstones, and a stone bead, with the source stone material coming from a variety of locations across New England. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18721042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721042" title="West Bromwich Albion F.C. former grounds">
West Bromwich Albion F.C. former grounds

From their formation in 1878 as West Bromwich Strollers, until their move to The Hawthorns in 1900, West Bromwich Albion F.C. occupied five different grounds. All of these early grounds were close to the centre of West Bromwich.
List of grounds.
Cooper's Hill.
The club's first ground, Cooper's Hill was situated between Walsall Street and Beeches Road. The site is now occupied by St Philip's Church.
Dartmouth Park.
From 1879 to 1881, Albion played additionally at Dartmouth Park, appearing to alternate between here and Cooper's Hill during this time. A local pub, the Globe Inn on Reform Street, served as the teams' changing rooms.
Bunn's Field.
Albion's third ground was at Bunn's Field. The ground became known as The Birches, and the team played there for a single season in 1881–82. With a capacity of between 1,500 and 2,000, it was their first enclosed ground, allowing the club to charge an entrance fee for the first time.
Four Acres.
The increasing popularity of football led the well-established West Bromwich Dartmouth Cricket Club to rent their Four Acres ground to Albion from 1882 to 1885. The cricket club allowed football to be played there only on Saturdays and Mondays. The ground was the venue for the biggest win in Albion's history, when on 11 November 1882 they beat Coseley 26–0. The record attendance at Four Acres was 16,393, for an FA Cup match between Albion and Blackburn Rovers in February 1885. Albion quickly outgrew their new home and soon needed to move again. The Four Acres ground is now Park Crescent, off Seagar St.
Stoney Lane.
Albion's tenure of Stoney Lane, from 1885 to 1900, was arguably the most successful period in the club's history, as the club won the FA Cup twice and were runners-up three times. The club built a wooden grandstand that became known as the "Noah's Ark". The stand had a capacity of over 2,000 people and was later transported to The Hawthorns when the club moved there in 1900. It was destroyed by fire on Guy Fawkes Night, 1904.
The first league game at Stoney Lane took place on 29 September 1888, when Albion beat Burnley 4–3. The ground's record attendance of 20,977 was set in March 1895, for Albion's 1–0 victory over Wolves in the FA Cup third round. Albion played their last game at Stoney Lane on 16 April 1900, beating Nottingham Forest 8–0 in front of 5,187 spectators. The expiry of the lease on Stoney Lane, as well as the club's desire for a more spacious location, saw them move once again in 1900. They moved to The Hawthorns, which has been their home ground ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="18721046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721046" title="CentrePointe (Lexington)">
CentrePointe (Lexington)

CentrePointe is residential, commercial, and retail development in Downtown Lexington, Kentucky, United States. The current plan consists of a 19 story high rise with surrounding low rise buildings.
History.
CentrePointe is not yet in the process of being constructed. The original estimated time of completion was in 2010 as it was intended to serve as a centerpiece for business during the 2010 FEI World Equestrian Games. But, before the construction of CentrePointe began, many local residents objected the project as it meant the destruction of Morton's Row, the city's second-oldest commercial district, and a local hotspot called The Dame. In July 2008, the Fayette Alliance — a coalition of developers, neighborhood associations and farmers — revoked its support for the building, due to an apparent reluctance on the part of the developer to work with concerned parties in addressing various issues concerning the development.
In addition to the controversy surrounding The Dame, the use of Tax Increment Financing for the development was debated. Initially concern centered on the application of taxpayer money without the inclusion of ideas from those taxpayers. This opposition arose mostly from a common misunderstanding of TIF, which utilizes the boom property tax value from a redevelopment project to fund improvements locally. The issue went before the city council in September 2008. The council voted in favor of utilizing Tax Increment Financing for the project due to the infrastructure improvements for the surrounding area including sidewalks and underground parking structures.
On June 25, 2009, the process of seeding and filling the CentrePointe construction site began. Preliminary construction began in December 2013. 
Design evolution.
The original plan in 2008 called for a 35-story, high rise which would include a hotel, condominiums, retail and office space. The entire development is estimated to cost $250 million and would have became the tallest building in Lexington upon completion. Since 2008 there has been 3 other designs. The first two suggested one large building that would have covered the entire block. But, after Studio Gang Architects became involved in the project in 2011, the latter two proposed designs have suggest one tower and several low rise buildings. 
Jeanne Gang, lead architect of Studio Gang Architects, was hired to draft ideas for the CentrePointe project in 2011. She proposed a 30 story tower which would include a 10 floor boutique hotel, 10 floors of apartments, 7 floors of condominiums and 3 floors of penthouses. Her design also called for an eight story building on the intersection of South Limestone St. and West Main St. along with a row of low rises on West Main St. 
In 2012, the Webb Companies released a design that resembled that of Studio Gang Architects. The proposed design now includes a 28 story hotel-condominium tower at the intersection of West Vine St. and South Upper St.;4 smaller buildings on West Main St.; and a low rise office building at South Limestone St. and West Main St.
The project was further revised in 2013. The new plan has downsized the main high rise to from 28 to 19 floors. It will include a 286 room hotel with eight condominiums. There will also be 96 apartments with 10,700 square feet of retail space on the ground floor. An office building will have 157,710 square feet of offices as well as restaurants and retailers. The development is estimated to cost US $393.9 millon.
On September 10th, EOP, the architecture firm behind the fifth iteration of the CentrePointe design announced they were pulling out of the project. The Webb Company developers had previously announced that construction would begin on CentrePointe by the end of September.

</doc>
<doc id="18721048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721048" title="East Hawley Center Historic District">
East Hawley Center Historic District

The East Hawley Center Historic District encompasses the principal institutional center of the town of Hawley, Massachusetts, with a history dating to the 1780s. Although it was settled in the late 18th century, issues with Hawley's boundaries meant that the development of a central village did not take place until later. East Hawley was developing as a local transportation hub by the mid 1820s, with several roads (mainly East Hawley Road, Plainfield Road, Ashfield Road, and Buckland Road, the latter three leading to eponymous neighboring towns) converging in the area. The establishment of a store and post office, and the relocation of the Congregational Church into the area cemented its importance in the town's civic life. There was some industrial mill activity in the area during the 19th century, but this came to an end near the end of the century, and only a mill pond remains.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18721059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721059" title="Rast">
Rast

Rast or RAST may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18721061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721061" title="East Main-High Street Historic District">
East Main-High Street Historic District

The East Main–High Street Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Church, High, E. Main and Franklin Streets in Greenfield, Massachusetts. It encompasses a predominantly residential area just east of Greenfield's central business district, and abuts the Main Street Historic District. The area has historically been where the town's wealthier residents lived, and features a wide variety of styles, with those of the mid-to-late 19th century predominating. The Colonial Revival Weldon Hotel sits just outside the district on High Street.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18721062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721062" title="Kaigosuit Islands">
Kaigosuit Islands

One of the uninhabited Baffin Island offshore island groups in Cumberland Sound, the Kaigosuit Islands are located northeast of Irvine Inlet, and southwest of Pangnirtung. They are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18721067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721067" title="Tom Peyer">
Tom Peyer

Tom Peyer is an American comic book creator and editor.
He is probably best known for his 1999 revisioning of Golden Age super-hero Hourman, as well as his work on the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 1990s. An editor at DC Comics/Vertigo from 1987 to 1993, he served as assistant editor on Neil Gaiman's groundbreaking "Sandman". Peyer has also worked for Marvel Comics, Wildstorm, and Bongo Comics. With John Layman, he wrote the 2007-2009 "Tek Jansen" comic book, based on the Stephen Colbert character.
Biography.
Peyer started drawing political cartoons and illustrations for various student underground newspapers in his hometown of Syracuse, New York, while in high school. His professional career began as a newspaper cartoonist for The Syracuse New Times, an alternative weekly newspaper in Syracuse, New York. In this role, he came to the attention of Roger Stern, a Syracuse resident.
Peyer was an editor at DC Comics/Vertigo during the same time as Mark Waid, and the two have been frequent collaborators. Another long-time collaborator is writer Hart Seely, with whom Peyer created a collection of found poetry based on the calls of baseball icon Phil Rizzuto.

</doc>
<doc id="18721069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721069" title="Nina Björk">
Nina Björk

Nina Björk (born May 18, 1967 in Östersund, Jämtland) is a Swedish feminist, author and journalist. She is most well known for "Under det rosa täcket (Under the Pink Duvet)", a feminist book written in 1996. 
She is considered to be a postmodern equity feminist. In 2008 she earned her PhD degree in literary criticism at Gothenburg University with her doctorate thesis "Fria Själar". She is also well known as a columnist in Dagens Nyheter.

</doc>
<doc id="18721078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721078" title="Hill Cemetery and Parson Hubbard House Historic District">
Hill Cemetery and Parson Hubbard House Historic District

The Hill Cemetery and Parson Hubbard House Historic District encompasses a historic cemetery and parsonage in Shelburne, Massachusetts. The two properties are located on Old Village Road, on a hill above the Deerfield River known as Old Village Hill. The cemetery has seen continuous use since the 18th century, although the rate of burials decrased significantly beginning in the 1860s. The Parson Hubbard House is sited on top of the hill at 72 Old Village Road, with views to the east and west. The house was built in the 1770s for Shelburne's first minister, Robert Hubbard. It is known that resistance activities related to Shays' Rebellion in the 1780s took place at the Hubbard house. These are the only major colonial-era historic properties in Shelburne; the meetinghouses from the period that were built in the area have not survived. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18721086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721086" title="Heath Center Historic District">
Heath Center Historic District

The Heath Center Historic District encompasses a rural village with predominantly 18th- and 19th-century structures in Heath, a small agricultural town in hills of northwestern Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States. The district is centered on the junction of several roads, around which the center of the town grew. South Road arrives from the south, East Main Street and Bray Road from the east, Ledge Road from the north, and West Main Street from the west. 
The center includes a cluster of well preserved late colonial (Georgian) and early Federal style homes, and a number of institutional buildings that date from the 19th century. The only major Greek Revival building is the Old Town Hall, built in 1835. All of the village's churches date to later periods: the Union Evangelical Church is a Gothic Revival structure built in 1835, and the Methodist Church was built in 1872 in the Italianate style. The dominant style of the district's houses is Federalist, although there are a few examples of later 19th-century and early 20th-century styles also to be seen. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18721092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721092" title="Garden Theater Block">
Garden Theater Block

The Garden Theater Block is a historic commercial block and theater at 353-367 Main Street in Greenfield, Massachusetts. The Colonial Revival block was built in 1928, and movies were first shown in the theater in 1929. The theater had, at its greatest extent, a seating capacity of over 1,800, and was richly decorated with garden-themed carpeting and murals of New England scenes by noted theater muralist Frederick Marshall. It also featured a marquee with Tiffany-inspired design, but as the building deteriorated it was removed and placed in storage. The block was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983, and included in the Main Street Historic District in 1988.
The theater was operated by the Goldman family for 70 years, closing in 1999. The city thereafter took the property in a tax proceeding, but the Goldmans were able to recover it through further legal action. The theater was then divided into seven smaller theaters, and its murals were covered over. The Goldmans leased the theater operation out, and the lessees acquired the property in 2008, with further plans for rehabilitation.

</doc>
<doc id="18721103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721103" title="Los Altos Apartments">
Los Altos Apartments

The Los Altos Apartments is a Mission Revival style apartment building on Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles, California. 
History.
Los Altos was built in 1925 and designed by Edward B. Rust and Luther Mayo. In 1999, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
When built, the Los Altos Apartments began as a co-op and were later used as a luxury apartment and hotel catering to stars like Clara Bow, Bette Davis, Mae West, Douglas Fairbanks, and William Randolph Hearst. The Spanish Colonial-style building went bankrupt during the Great Depression and fell into disrepair. In 1993, a local housing group Neighborhood Effort rescued the structure from demolition and obtained national historic site status by tracking down its original parts and design details such as floor tiles, doorknobs, and colors.
In the 1980s the building became a magnet for a bohemian list of residents. Jeff Ayeroff, who went on to co-found Shangri-La Music lived in the building as did screenwriter Becky Johnston while she wrote the scripts “Under the Cherry Moon” for Prince and “The Prince of Tides” for Barbra Streisand. Artists Nancy Reese, Phil Garner, Eric Blum and Tom Shannon all rented living quarters and art dealer Richard Kuhlenschmidt opened the Richard Kuhlenschmidt Gallery in the basement of the building. New York hotshots Richard Prince and Sherrie Levine had their first L.A. exhibitions there. Actor Frederic Forrest was living at the Los Altos when he turned in his critically acclaimed performance in Francis Ford Coppola’s 1988 film “”, as did musician Tommy Gear, who was a founding member of revered L.A. punk group The Screamers. 
Los Angeles-based architectural firm M2A rehabilitated the 75-unit structure, and restored its original decor. The firm restored or recreated Los Altos’ original light fixtures, hardware, carpets, plaster work, awnings, and ornamental iron work. The rehabilitation "successfully transformed the property from a vacant, blighted, graffiti-infested building into a healthy, mixed-income building serving the very low income population as well as the market population." Today, Los Altos is the home to artists, screenwriters, and actors. In 1999, Los Altos received several preservation design awards from the California Preservation Foundation and the Los Angeles Conservancy. The landmark also received a Historic Preservation Award of Excellence from the city of Los Angeles.
Popular culture.
The television series "Angel" prominently featured exterior shots of the Los Altos Apartments, in seasons 2 - 4, it acted as the exterior of the Hyperion Hotel, the home and base of titular character and his friends. The 'Los Altos Apartments' building was also featured in a season 1 episode of Angel called "I Fall To Pieces", where it was used as both exterior and interior for the apartment building of a guest character.
In the fifth episode of the second season of the television series "Numb3rs", called "Assassin", the building was used as the exterior of the "Rancho Verde Assisted Living" building.

</doc>
<doc id="18721104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721104" title="Maj. Joseph Griswold House">
Maj. Joseph Griswold House

The Maj. Joseph Griswold House, also sometimes referred to as the Mary Lyon House, is a historic house on Upper Street in Buckland, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1818 for Major Joseph Griswold, who was the son of an American Revolutionary War soldier. The Federal-style house is a large brick structure, three stories tall, with four chimneys. The house was a center of the town's social scene, with Griswold opening the third floor ballroom for public events. Between 1824 and 1829, Griswold allowed Buckland native Mary Lyon to establish a school for women in that space. She used it until 1829, and thereafter began to seek larger facilities to meet demand. This resulted in the 1837 establishment of what is now Mount Holyoke College.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="18721110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721110" title="Roosevelt Mall">
Roosevelt Mall

Roosevelt Mall is a medium-sized outdoor shopping mall, located along PA 73 (Cottman Avenue) between Bustleton Avenue and the Roosevelt Boulevard in the Castor Gardens neighborhood of Northeast Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The mall is owned and managed by Centro Properties Group and is anchored by a large, 3-level department store on its east end, that currently houses Macy's. When the mall anchor was Strawbridge's, it had a bargain basement in which all furniture and goods were marked down by 80%. The mall is also home to a franchise of one of Philadelphia's oldest and most notable cheesesteak restaurants Jim's Steaks, which was founded in West Philadelphia in 1939 and also operates on South Street in Philadelphia. 
Sears operates a full-line department store across Bustleton Avenue from the mall in the Great Northeast Plaza. Though not officially part of the mall, Sears also acts as a draw to the shopping center. The Sears store was once a Gimbels Department store, and then a Stern's Department store. Across from Sears, a new Target opened in 2009 in the Cottman & Bustleton Shopping Center, on the site of the former AMC Orleans 8 Theatres, which had opened in 1963 as William Goldman's Orleans Theatre. The general area was also at one time home to a Lit Brothers department store, which later became a Clover, a discount department store operated by Strawbridge & Clothier, and a JCPenney department store in the Cottman & Castor Shopping Center, which is vacant as of December 2011. 
In late 2011, a new Ross Dress For Less store opened in the mall.

</doc>
<doc id="18721115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721115" title="Mendorra">
Mendorra

Mendorra is a fictional European monarchy on the long-running U.S. soap opera "One Life to Live". The principality is supposedly located near Germany.
Locations.
In 1990 the series filmed locations in Austria that served as Mendorra, and the Middle Falls at Letchworth State Park in Rochester, New York were used as the fictional Hohenstein Falls of Mendorra in 2008.
In the August 27, 2008 episode, it is noted that the Royal Palace had been "erected in 1547 for King Rubinoff III in celebration of his marriage to Queen Margaret of Fredonia."
1986-1990.
United States Ambassador to Mendorra Charles Sanders (Peter Brown) arrives in fictional Llanview, Pennsylvania in 1986. In 1987 he romances Dorian Lord (Robin Strasser) seeking access to her money. Discovering the ruse, a vindictive Dorian reveals Charles' past affair with a member of Mendorra's royal family. Charles is removed as Ambassador; distraught to discover that her daughter Cassie (Holly Gagnier) is having an affair with Dorian's boyfriend Jon Russell (John Martin), Dorian secures the post for herself, and leaves Llanview for Mendorra. Geoffrey McGrath (Don Fischer) is soon revealed to be Charles' son, the product of his royal affair.
In 1989, Tina Lord (Andrea Evans) is nearly killed in Atlantic City seeking to get her hands on the stolen Crown Jewels of Mendorra when she faces many past enemies that abduct her and plan to execute her in an electric chair.
Tina's niece Megan Gordon is saved from a fire by her new boyfriend Raymond Hohenstein (Robert Westenberg) in 1989 following an explosion; seriously injured, Raymond admits that he is the Crown Prince of Mendorra. When Raymond loses his eyesight, Megan travels to Mendorra with her physical therapist sister Sarah (Jensen Buchanan) to aid him in 1990. Dorian (Elaine Princi) and Cassie (Ava Haddad) appear just as the sinister intentions of Raymond's younger brother Roland Hohenstein (Joseph Kolinski) are revealed. Hoping to secure the throne for himself, Roland first tries to use Raymond's blindness to replace him as heir; when that does not work, he kidnaps Megan and Sarah. Knowing Raymond cannot ascend the throne should he marry a commoner, Roland vows to kill Megan unless Raymond weds Sarah. Sarah's boyfriend Bo Buchanan (Robert S. Woods) and his nephew Cord Roberts (John Loprieno) infiltrate the place with the help of Dorian, Cassie and Debra Medina (Lucinda Fisher), a dancer in the Mendorran Ballet. Bo manages to switch places with Raymond, and in this disguise marries Sarah himself. Bo, Raymond, Megan and Sarah — Raymond with his sight restored and Sarah still in her wedding dress — all don skis and escape down the mountainside. Roland catches up to them, and in a final confrontation is killed by Raymond in self-defense.
2008.
The Crown Jewels of Mendorra are stolen in May 2008 upon their arrival in Llanview for display, and Tina reappears in town on June 11, 2008 as the Crown Princess of Mendorra. She acquires the jewels which she had arranged to have stolen, but is soon on the run with them from the sinister U.S. Ambassador to Mendorra Jonas Chamberlain (Kevin Spirtas), who apparently wants them for himself. Tina finds refuge with her estranged daughter Sarah Roberts (Justis Bolding) and Sarah's boyfriend Cristian Vega (David Fumero), but Sarah's roommate, Llanview police officer Talia Sahid (BethAnn Bonner), inexplicably aids Jonas in kidnapping Sarah. Tina, Cristian and his brother Antonio Vega (Kamar de los Reyes) — a Llanview Police Detective and Talia's lover — agree to accompany Jonas back to Mendorra in order to make an exchange: the women for the Crown Jewels.
In Mendorra, Tina gets the royal treatment from her palace staff and is reunited with her husband, Crown Prince Helmut Krakoff — really her longtime cohort, con man Cain Rogan (Christopher Cousins), in yet another disguise. He has been accepted as the Crown Prince even though he cannot seem to prove a relationship to any member of the royal family. Meanwhile, the real mastermind behind the kidnappings reveals himself to his daughter Talia: villain Carlo Hesser (Thom Christopher). Talia despises Carlo, a longtime enemy of both Tina and the Vega brothers; Cain is anxious to keep the jewels they have worked so hard for, but Tina is desperate to exchange them for Sarah. 
Carlo, bent on revenge for Tina's part in the death of his son Johnny Dee (Anthony Crivello) in 1990, exposes Tina and Cain's fraud publicly and reveals "Jonas" as the true heir to the throne; he adds that, per Mendorran law, Cain and Tina will be beheaded for their treason. Carlo and his minions first drag Tina, Sarah and Cristian to the river above the treacherous Hohenstein Falls. Tina is horrified as Carlo reveals his intent to send Sarah over the Falls to her death, deliberately echoing Tina's own nearly-fatal plunge over the Iguazu Falls in 1987. Cristian manages to escape Carlo's guards and swim to Sarah's raft; Tina watches history repeat itself as Sarah and Cristian go over the Falls on July 22, 2008.
Carlo intends to marry Talia to Jonas, the new ruler of Mendorra; she protests and stalls, but goes through with the royal wedding on July 31, 2008 to save Antonio and her friends from harm — not knowing that Jonas has already stabbed Antonio and left him for dead. The Vega brothers turn up alive, Cristian saving Tina and Cain from the executioner's axe and Antonio overpowering Jonas and leading a newly married Talia to safety. When Carlo, Jonas and their men catch up, Talia brokers a deal with Carlo: she will stay if the others are allowed to leave. A presumed-dead Sarah reappears, and with several people's lives at stake, a furious Antonio is forced to leave Talia behind. The rest of the group escapes, but duplicitous Cain later parachutes from the plane with the Crown Jewels — not knowing that Tina has already switched the gems with fakes.

</doc>
<doc id="18721118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721118" title="King Philip's Hill">
King Philip's Hill

King Philip's Hill is a historic site off Old Bernardston Road in Northfield, Massachusetts. In 1675 the Wampanoag chief Metacom, also called "King Philip" by English colonists, is said to have held council here during King Philip's War. The hill has evidence of what appear to be trenches and other remnants of fortification from the time, but the exact nature of these is debatable; 19th century area historian George Sheldon believed the trenches to be the work of a colonist.
The site added to the National Historic Register in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18721128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721128" title="Main Street Historic District (Greenfield, Massachusetts)">
Main Street Historic District (Greenfield, Massachusetts)

The Main Street Historic District encompasses the civic core of Greenfield, Massachusetts, the county seat of Franklin County, Massachusetts. The district includes several blocks of Main Street extending roughly from Chapman Street in the west to Franklin Street in the east, as well as a number of properties facing the common along Bank Row, south of Main Street. The district includes the town hall, county courthouse, several 19th century bank buildings, and three properties previously listed on the National Register of Historic Places: the Garden Theater Block, the Leavitt-Hovey House (which houses the public library), and the 1915 Post Office building. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18721135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721135" title="Montague Center Historic District">
Montague Center Historic District

The Montague Center Historic District encompasses the well-preserved 19th century village center of Montague, Massachusetts. Montague Center, one of the town's five villages, is the civic heart of the town, and was also an active industrial area in the 19th century. It first took shape in the 19th century as the site of an early gristmill and the intersection of two east-west and north-south roads. Main Street is the north-south road, and is where the most significant buildings in the village lie, along with North and Center Streets, which line the town common. A school and two churches from the 1830s flank the common, as does the 1858 town hall. The oldest building in the district is a tavern that dates to about 1734. The district also includes the Alvah Stone Mill, now known as the Bookmill, separately listed on the National Register.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18721142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721142" title="New Salem Common Historic District">
New Salem Common Historic District

The New Salem Common Historic District encompasses the historic town center of New Salem, Massachusetts. It includes the town common, as well as properties along Soutn Main Street from Lovers Lane in the south to its junction with West Main Street, Wendell Road, and Millenium Road in the north. The area was originally laid out when the town was settled in 1737, which historically included the town animal pound, training ground for militia, churches, and other civic buildings. Most buildings in the district date to the 18th and 19th centuries.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18721148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721148" title="Mobitel (Iraq-Kurdistan)">
Mobitel (Iraq-Kurdistan)

Mobitel Iraq is the first mobile 3G operator in Iraq. It was launched commercially on February 2007. Mobitel was licensed by the Kurdistan Regional Government of Iraq to operate in all Kurdish regions. Mobitel currently covers Erbil Governorate and Duhok Governorate and is in the planning phase to cover Sulaimaniyah Governorate. 
In July 2007, Mobitel was the first operator in Iraq to start 3.5G services.
Services.
Mobitel offers basic 3G services such as broadband Internet, video calling and others.
Mobitel was facing interconnection problems with major telecom operators in Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="18721150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721150" title="Lewis Food Town">
Lewis Food Town

Lewis Food Town, Inc., doing business as Food Town Grocery Stores, is a chain of grocery stores located in Greater Houston, founded in 1994. The headquarters are in South Houston. Ross Lewis founded it as he came out of retirement. He currently has over 40 years of Grocer experience.
As of 2003 the chain had 14 stores in Greater Houston, and took a 2.57% market share in that market. As of that year the Shelby Report stated that Lewis Food Town was the sixth largest grocery store chain in Greater Houston. As of 2011 the chain had 26 stores in the area. The stores are more densely located in the south part of the city.
References.
http://foodtownshopper.com/

</doc>
<doc id="18721151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721151" title="Assafarge">
Assafarge

Assafarge is a Portuguese civil parish in the southern portion of the municipality of Coimbra, Centro Region, with a population of 2268 inhabitants (2001 Census) and occupying an area of 9.72 km².
History.
The earliest histories of this region include the discovery of a polished stone implement, although there are no records prior to Roman intersession in the territory. 
The unearthing, between the localities of Carvalhais de Cima and Carvalhais de Baixo, of several irregular cavities allude to Moorish influence in the zone. It is also likely that local peoples may have dugout these holes in order to discover the "treasure of the Moors", which they assumed was buried in the spaces.
The local toponymy had its base in these early Arab settlers; the name, sometimes written as "Açafarge", "Açafargel", "Safarge", "Assafarja", "Azofargelas", "Azofarge", "Asafarge", "Assofragea" or "Alçoforge", may have originated from the Arabic "Açafargel" (plural "Açafarge"), which refers to the pome fruit quince.
Evidence from historical documents suggest that the parish was founded around the 12th century (although no definitive record exists), and originated from its de-annexation (in 1120) from the neighbouring parish of Castelo Viegas.
Geography.
The civil parish is located along the southern border of the municipality of Coimbra, with the municipality of Condeixa-a-Nova (civil parish of Bem da Fé and Vila Seca). Its municipal neighbours include the parishes of Almalaguês (to the southeast), Castelo Viegas (to the northeast), Santa Clara (in the north), Antanhol (in the northwest), and Cernache (in the southwest).
Situated on a hilltop plateau overlooking the Mondego River, the region is marked by limestone hills covered in pine forests, dispersed by vineyards.
By the end of the 20th century, the growth of the parish originated in its proximity to Coimbra; the resident population in 1981 was 1714, grew slightly to 1886 (in 1991), reaching approximately 2200 inhabitants in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18721152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721152" title="Newton Street School">
Newton Street School

The Newton Street School is a historic school at 99 Mohawk Trail in Greenfield, Massachusetts. The 1915 Renaissance Revival building is distinctive for being a rare early example of a single story institutional building in that style. The U-shaped brick building features a shallow slate roof, and brick gable stands over the main entrance. The corners of the building have stone insets decorated with an open book design.
The school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18721155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721155" title="Asaf Romirowsky">
Asaf Romirowsky

Asaf Romirowsky is a Middle East researcher. He is an adjunct scholar at the Foundation for Defense for Democracies and the Middle East Forum.
Biography.
Asaf Romirowsky served in the Israel Defense Forces as an international relations liaison officer in the West Bank and Jordan. He holds a BA from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and master's degrees from Villanova University and West Chester University of Pennsylvania. He received his PhD from King's College London. He is the acting executive director of Scholars for Peace in the Middle East. 
In late 2007, his invitation to take part in an academic panel at the University of Delaware was rescinded by student organizers after another member of the panel, political science professor Muqtedar Khan, objected to sharing a podium with a former Israeli soldier.

</doc>
<doc id="18721159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721159" title="Drumry">
Drumry

Drumry (, ) is a district in the Scottish town of Clydebank, split into North and South Drumry by Drumry Road.
In 2003 it was named the second most deprived area in Scotland by the Scottish Executive.

</doc>
<doc id="18721160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721160" title="Northfield Center Cemetery">
Northfield Center Cemetery

The Northfield Center Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at the western terminus of Parker Avenue in Northfield, Massachusetts. Established in 1686, the cemetery is Northfield's first burying ground, and continues in active use. Northfield was abandoned twice, because of King Philip's War in the 1670s and King William's War in the 1690s, and not permanently settled until 1714. The gravesite of Zechariah Field, one of the 1714 settlers, has been identified in the graveyard.
The cemetery was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18721163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721163" title="Mytilus (genus)">
Mytilus (genus)

Mytilus is a cosmopolitan genus of medium to large-sized edible saltwater mussels, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Mytilidae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Mytilus" include:
Human use.
"Mytilus" mussels are widely exploited as food and used in mariculture. For instance, in California, they are known to have been consumed by coastal Native American people for almost 12 000 years. 

</doc>
<doc id="18721164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721164" title="Northfield Main Street Historic District">
Northfield Main Street Historic District

The Northfield Main Street Historic District is a historic district located along the full length of Main Street from Millers Brook to Pauchaug Brook in Northfield, Massachusetts. The district encompasses the part of Main Street that was laid out when Northfield was first established in the 17th century. The area has retained many of its traditional lot divisions, and features civic and residential construction from the 18th to the 20th centuries. The distrct was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18721167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721167" title="Alexander Philalethes">
Alexander Philalethes

Alexander Philalethes (Gr. ) was an ancient Greek physician, whom Priscian called "Alexander Amator Veri" (Alexander Truth-Lover), and who was probably the same person quoted by Caelius Aurelianus under the name of "Alexander Laodicensis". He lived probably towards the end of the 1st century, as Strabo speaks of him as a contemporary. He was a pupil of Asclepiades, succeeded an otherwise unknown Zeuxis as head of a celebrated Herophilean school of medicine, established in Phrygia between Laodicea and Carura, and was tutor to Aristoxenus and Demosthenes Philalethes. He is several times mentioned by Galen and also by Soranus, and appears to have written some medical works, which are no longer extant. The view, once current, that Alexander's "Areskonta" served as a doxographical basis for such authors as Anonymus Londinensis, Aetius the doxographer, Soranus of Ephesus, and Anonymus Bruxellensis is an inference on the basis of flimsy evidence.

</doc>
<doc id="18721180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721180" title="Odd Fellows' Hall (Buckland, Massachusetts)">
Odd Fellows' Hall (Buckland, Massachusetts)

The Odd Fellows' Hall is a historic Odd Fellows' hall at 1-5 State Street on the Buckland side of Shelburne Falls, Massachusetts. It is a focal point of the business district on the Buckland side of the village. The Odd Fellows built the building in 1877 to replace one that had been destroyed by fire at a different location. The 1877 building was also destroyed by fire in 1895, but the Odd Fellows rebuilt it. They used the building until 1962, after which it has served retail and commercial purposes. The building is notable in the village for its third floor Palladian windows and its elaborate cornice.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. In 1988 it was included in the Shelburne Falls Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18721184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721184" title="Flushwork">
Flushwork

In architecture, flushwork is the decorative combination on the same flat plane of flint and ashlar stone. It is characteristic of the external walls of medieval buildings, most of the survivors being churches, in parts of Southern England, but especially East Anglia. If the stone projects from a flat flint wall, the term is proudwork — as the stone stands "proud" rather than being "flush" with the wall. Flushwork begins in the early 14th century, but the peak period was during the wool boom between about 1450 and the English Reformation of the 1520s, when church building virtually ceased, and building in brick became more fashionable. The buildings belong to the Perpendicular style of English Gothic architecture. The technique continued in occasional use, and saw a major revival in the 19th century, and is still sometimes used in a modern style today, as well as for the restoration or extension of older buildings.
Uses.
Typical motifs are arcades, chequers (diapering), shields, heraldic devices and letters or whole inscriptions – the picture of Long Melford Church shows arcading at four levels, shields and a long inscription running below the crenellations (naming the merchants who paid for the new church). Many motifs are very similar ro those achieved in carved or pierced stonework in other areas. The flints in flushwork areas are very carefully knapped (trimmed to shape by chipping) and selected for fit and consistency of colour, often forming a notable contrast in these respects to those in nearby plain wall areas. The stone usually used is a light limestone, often imported by sea and river from Caen in Normandy or other continental sources, which gives a strong contrast with flint that is most often black. Flushwork, and flint architecture in general, is usually found in areas with no good local building stone, and though the labour cost of creating flushwork was high, it was still cheaper than importing stone to build or face the whole structure. Sometimes large areas are covered with chequers or diapering, as at the Norwich Guildhall (below), Gipping Church, or the Victorian St Mary-le-Tower in Ipswich.
The Ethelbert Gate at Norwich Cathedral is one of the most important surviving examples of early flushwork, begun in 1316–17 and completed the following decade. Only nine surviving gatehouses use flushwork, and this one is further distinguished by using it on all four elevations (the heraldic priory gatehouse at Butley, Suffolk of 1325 is another flamboyant early example). The side shown has elaborate patterned flushwork in the top register, which uses selected round flints in the circular motifs. This section was unfortunately restored in the 19th century slightly differently from the original design. The limestone is unusually dominant in the proudwork level with the statue below, where the squared flints are selected for a whitish colour. Below this there are two rows of black flint and limestone chequers.
Porches added to an earlier church often contain showy flushwork, as at the church that is now Chelmsford Cathedral (below). Few churches have flushwork all over the main body of the building like Long Melford (above); as with carved stone decoration it is more common to find friezes at the base or top of a wall, or a decorated parapet (again often a later addition) to the top of a tower.
According to Stephen Hart, there are over 500 English churches with some flushwork. Among the finest not mentioned above are the churches at Southwold, Woolpit, Earl Soham, and several in Norwich. The unique, and odd, East end of the church at Barsham, Suffolk, has a lattice pattern that continues from the window across the whole wall, whose date is highly uncertain.
Chequerwork.
The form of flushwork known as diapering or Chequerwork, where blocks of stone (often light coloured limestone such as Chilmark Stone or chalk, or greensand) are alternated with panels of dressed flint in a chequerboard pattern, is a characteristic of Wiltshire architecture, both vernacular and ecclesiastical, though also found in East Anglia, for example on the Guildhall, Norwich (picture below).

</doc>
<doc id="18721186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721186" title="HD 188385">
HD 188385

HD 188385 is star in double system.

</doc>
<doc id="18721189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721189" title="Mami soup">
Mami soup

Mami soup is a Philippine soup containing noodles, chicken, beef, pork, wonton dumplings, or intestines (called laman-loob.)
Ma Mon Luk.
Born in Guangdong, China, he was a grade school teacher in Guangzhou when he decided to emigrate to the Philippines in 1918. Arriving penniless in Manila, Ma Mon Luk decided to peddle chicken noodle soup, utilizing egg noodles. Ma Mon Luk soon opened his first restaurant in Binondo. By the 1950s, Ma Mon Luk and his mami were nationally known and Ma Mon Luk became the iconic Chinese restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="18721192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721192" title="Petitfils-Boos House">
Petitfils-Boos House

The Petitfils-Boos House is an Italian Renaissance Revival mansion in the Hancock Park section of Los Angeles, California. It was designed by Charles F. Plummer and built in 1922. 
In 2005, the house was added to the National Register of Historic Places based on architectural criteria.

</doc>
<doc id="18721193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721193" title="Powers Institute Historic District">
Powers Institute Historic District

The Powers Institute Historic District is a historic district encompassing a distinctive portion of the village of Bernardston, Massachusetts. It encompasses two parcels of land, one on each side of Church Street between South and Library Streets, totalling . The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
There are four buildings on these parcels, the most notable of which is the Italianate Powers Institute building. Its construction was funded by a bequest from Bernardston native Edward Eppes Powers (1793-1855), and it was built in 1857 on land donated by a number of local residents. The building was intended to serve the town's secondary school needs, but its reach expanded with the construction in 1860 of Cushman Hall, a dormitory located across the street. Land and funds for its construction came from Henry Cushman, a local resident who served as atrustee of the Powers bequest, and played a role in the institute's administration. Thereafter the school also took in students from further afield. Cushman in 1862 also funded the construction of the Cushman Library, which was built next to the institute.
Upon the death of Henry Cushman, Cushman Hall was willed to the town, with the provision that income from its use go toward a park on the adjacent land. He also endowed the library, which was one of the first to be built in the area. Cushman's gift was expanded upon in 1900, when the family of John Sanderson donated funds to expand the library building, adding a second floor.
The Power Institute remained a successful public-private academy until 1891, at which point it was transitioned to operate as a more conventional secondary high school for area residents. Cushman Hall ceased to be used as a dormitory, and was converted into apartments. In 1958 the school was closed, and has since been converted for use by the Bernardston Historical Society. The district includes one non-contributing property: a fire station was built on the institute parcels in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18721202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721202" title="Riverside Archeological District">
Riverside Archeological District

The Riverside Archeological District is a historic archaeological site in Gill and Greenfield, Massachusetts. The site added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
Site description.
The Riverside Archeological District encompasses a sizable tract of land north of Turners Falls, a major whitewater rapids on the Connecticut River, north of the eponymous village of Turners Falls, Massachusetts in Gill and Greenfield. Located in northern Massachusetts near the mouths of four major tributaries to the Connecticut, the area has an archaeological history known to date back to the late Pleistocene. During the earliest contacts between European colonists and Native Americans in the 17th century, the area was known to house major Native encampments, and was the site of the 1676 Battle of Turner's Falls in King Philip's War. The area has been recognized has archaeologically significant since the 19th century, with well-attested accounts of small finds and some distinctive burial sites.
Formalized archaeology in the area began in the early 20th century with the accumulation of artifacts from Gill in 1915 and 1916 that are now in the collection of the American Indian Archaeological Institute in Washington, DC. It has continued at low levels of activity throughout the 20th century.
Boundaries.
The western boundary of the site is roughly Adams Street in Greenfield; the eastern boundary is in the Lily's Pond area of Barton Cove in Gill, a sheltered area of the Connecticut River. The northern boundary is just north of Riverside Cemetery in Gill, and the southernmost portion of the area may extend just across the river into the village of Turners Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="18721214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721214" title="A. L. A. Himmelwright">
A. L. A. Himmelwright

Abraham Lincoln Artman Himmelwright (February 7, 1865 – 1936), a civil engineer, author, adventurer, and marksman was the general manager of The Roebling Construction Company, the New York City firm created by bridge engineer John A. Roebling. Himmelwright's first and second names were given to him by his parents to honor the slain president, Abraham Lincoln, assassinated the year Himmelwright was born. In most of the works he authored he went by the name "ALA Himmelwright".
Biography.
He was born on February 7, 1865 in Milford, Pennsylvania. In 1894 he was with the Carlin hunting party which left its cook, George Colgate behind to die. He purchased land in Stockholm, New Jersey and in 1907 completed a fireproof house made of stone. He died in 1936.
Publications.
Himmelwright authored many books and articles, including a harrowing tale of a hunting trip in the Bitterroot Mountains of Idaho and a first-hand account of the famous Johnstown flood in Pennsylvania, published in "Harper's Magazine". The former recounted the fate of the "Carlin Hunting Party", in which Himmelwright participated. He wrote the account under the pseudomymn "Heclawa" because of the national notoriety which occurred when the disaster reached the nation's newspapers. The group's cook, George Colgate, died in difficult but disputed circumstances and some accused the men of abandoning him needlessly. For a discussion of the matter not entirely sympathetic to Himmelwright, see Ladd Hamilton's "Snowbound" (1997). For Himmelright's perspective, see his book "In the Heart of the Bitter-Root Mountains.
Himmelwright's books on pistol shooting technique were among the most popular American books on the subject and remained in print from 1904 into the early 1940s. He was president of the U.S. Revolver Association, an early sport governing body, from 1904–1906 and won the Association's inaugural national revolver shooting championship match in 1900. 
An expert on the danger of fire, in 1899 The Roebling Construction Company published the first of many articles and books by Himmelwright concerning fireproof construction, "Tests of the Roebling System of Fireproof Construction". In 1906, The Roebling Construction Company sought to reinforce its brand and expertise in fireproof development when it published the Himmelwright book, "The San Francisco Earthquake and Fire : A Brief History of the Disaster ; A Presentation of Facts and Resulting Phenomena, With Special Reference to the Efficiency of Building Materials, Lessons of the Disaster".
The Model Fireproof Farmhouse at Rock Lodge.
Two years prior to the publication of "The San Francisco Earthquake and Fire", Himmelwright set out to personally prove the merits of fireproof construction, adding to his thinking a philosophy of environmental engineering, sustainable building and permaculture. He purchased of land about from New York City in Stockholm, New Jersey, and in 1907 completed the construction of what he called, a "Model Fireproof Farm House". Fire is a big danger on farms, and Himmewright believed it could be prevented with the use of stone found in the immediate environment. The setting for what is now known as "the Stone House" is on a hill or knoll and is in use today as a residence and overnight rental facility at the nonprofit Rock Lodge Club, a nudist resort. To give the setting a picturesque feel, and to provide pretty views from the model fireproof farmhouse, Himmelwright dredged land below the knoll and built a spring-fed lake, now known as Rock Lodge Pond, a popular summertime nudist swimming destination that is considered the centerpiece of Rock Lodge Club.
When first constructed, features of the model fireproof farmhouse included a state-of-the-art wood fired water system which pumped spring water to a third-floor holding tank; a coal fired furnace with radiators in each room for heat; a similarly stone built garage of sufficient size to accommodate two large touring cars; and awnings and shutters with a concrete sidewalk all around. The walls are of granite, the floors and ceilings of poured concrete with steel reinforcement, the roof is lined with copper. Woodwork, plaster, brickwork, and concrete were all specced to be of "first class materials and workmanship". Himmelwright estimated its lifespan at 400–500 years.
In 1913 Himmelwright published detailed engineering plans, drawings, and instructions on how to build replicas of the Stone House in a book, "A Model Fire-Proof Farm House or Country Home: Practical Suggestions for Economical and Enduring Construction, With Complete Plans and Specifications of A Model Building", dedicated to his son Kenneth who had drowned in the lake in 1911 at age 14. The book was first published by The Neale Publishing Company of New York, and republished by Rock Lodge Club on the 100th anniversary of its building in 2007.
Himmelwright was an environmentalist before his time whose belief in sustainable building practices is strongly stated in his preface to "A Model Fire-Proof Farm House." He wrote:
"A new epoch in home building is at hand. The wasteful, shortsighted and ephemeral methods of the past have become intolerable, and on account of our depleted timber supply, will soon be impossible. conservation of the world's natural resources is attracting universal attention, and will undoubtedly receive a large portion of the best thought and consideration of the present generation. The conservation of individual resources and energy will follow as a natural consequence, and that is the keynote of this volume.
"The reckless destruction of our forests by the early settlers, supplemented by the wasteful practices of the large lumber companies, and finally, the enormous destruction by forest fires, have brought about greatly changed conditions. Our timber supply has been depleted to such an extent that according to statistics prepared by the United States Government, we take from our forests each year, not counting loss and waste, three and one half times their yearly growth; in other words, we use forty cubic feet per acre for each twelve cubic feet grown. We use two hundred and sixty cubic feet per capita, while Germany uses thirty-seven and France thirty-five. The large per capita consumption in the United States is attributable partly to our great fire losses, but principally to the ephemeral and flimsy character of our buildings. If the present rate of demand and supply is not changed, our timber resources will be entirely exhausted in a few years. Such a result would have far reaching consequences, and would be a national calamity. This can be averted, (1) by substituting incombustible and more durable materials for wood, and (2) by employing proper safeguards and appliances, thus preventing a large part of the annual fire loss.
"Twenty to fifty years ago when timber was abundant and the best only was selected for building purposes, much more durable houses were built than at present. Large sized and heavy pieces were used for the framing and the beams. These were frequently hewn by hand, so as to utilize the heart which is the best and most durable part of the timber.
"The cost of lumber is now from two to five times as great as formerly, and the quality is generally much inferior. Wood or "frame" buildings, as now constructed, are serviceable only for periods of from twenty to fifty years. After this comparatively short term, they become unsafe for human habitation and can be utilized only for a few years more for storage, after which, if not demolished, they decay, become dangerous, and finally fall to pieces. By frequent painting, prompt repairs, renewals of roofs, sills, etc., the period of serviceability may sometimes be extended twenty to thirty years longer , but this presumes a practical knowledge of building construction, the exercise of intelligent watchfulness and judgment, and a willingness to expend money for repairs before such repairs are actually necessary— a combination seldom found in present day owners.
"The home builders of the past generally took cognizance of their own immediate necessities and requirements only, and planned and built their homes accordingly. Such a course was the direct result of the fact that the serviceability of the buildings was limited to a period of one or two generations. In the design of a building which is to endure for an indefinite period, other features and a broader policy must influence the design. Instead of planning for his own family or his immediate successors, the designer of an enduring home must plan it so as to fulfill the requirements of an average family. Planned in this way, such a building will always be suitable for a majority of its future occupants and will have the maximum value."
Himmelwright concluded the introduction, adding these comments linking family values to engineering and sustainable building practices:
"A home built of durable and incombustible materials...conserves the resources and energies of the original owner and all his descendants. Its deterioration is inappreciable for from ten to twenty generations, during which time it retains its full original value, plus the added value due to the subsequent development and improvement of the section in which it is located. Consequently, it is a valuable inheritance to each succeeding generation. Furthermore, such a home is cumulative in its tendency and effect, in so far as its contents are concerned. Being durable, and fire-proof, it becomes a permanent receptacle for all the objects of intrinsic and sentimental value, accumulated by the original owner and his descendants; each generation adding its quota to the family treasures, until the home becomes a veritable storehouse of ever increasing value, not only financially, but educationally, and artistically. True, there may be periodical divisions and distributions of some of the contents, but this involves no sacrifice of actual value, and articles removed in this way often find their way back to such a home after the lapse of time. But by far the most important feature of a home of this character is the security and permanent immunity it affords against destruction by fire.
"An enduring and fire-proof home, therefore, conserves the energy and resources of the successive owners, assures permanent safety, comfort and satisfaction, and unlike a frame building, it retains indefinitely its full value as an asset and inheritance."

</doc>
<doc id="18721215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721215" title="Arthur A. Smith Covered Bridge">
Arthur A. Smith Covered Bridge

The Arthur A. Smith Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Colrain, Massachusetts. It is the only Burr truss bridge in the state, and is one of a few 19th century covered bridges in the state. The bridge was built in 1869 in the Shattuckville section of Colrain, and was severely damaged during a flood in 1878. It then sat abandoned until 1896, when the town voted to rehabilitate it and moved it to its present location, spanning the North River on Lyonsville Road. The area was then known as the "Arthur A. Smith Flats", after a prominent local resident who lived in the area. The bridge was strengthened in 1920 with the addition of laminated beam arches. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. In 1991 it was taken out of service and moved to adjacent land. Following restoration work in 2005-07 it was place back in service, and was only modestly damaged by Hurricane Irene.

</doc>
<doc id="18721218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721218" title="Blochairn">
Blochairn

Blochairn (Gaelic: "Baile a' Chàirn") is a district in the Scottish city of Glasgow. It is situated north of the River Clyde. 
Situated astride the main Blochairn Road, nothing remains of the previous housing or other construction than the local pub.
There was prefabricated housing in the area of asbestos construction. The local bar 'The Budgie' is famous throughout the city for its availability when other sources are closed due to licensing laws. The Budgie is able to serve alcohol outside regular licensing hours to serve the shift workers in the local fruit market.
The Fruit Market itself was previously located near Glasgow Cross and was moved to its new location in the sixties. The market also serves as Scotlands largest outdoor market since the demise of Ingleston Market in the east.

</doc>
<doc id="18721224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721224" title="Sunderland Center Historic District">
Sunderland Center Historic District

The Sunderland Center Historic District encompasses the historic center of the farming town of Sunderland, Massachusetts, on the plains of the Connecticut River. The -acre district runs along North and South Main Street (Massachusetts Route 47), roughly from Old Amherst Road to North Silver Lane, and includes Bridge Street and the Sunderland Bridge across the river. The properties in the district largely still follow the plan of the town when it was first laid out in 1714. The predominant architectural style in the district is Greek Revival, but there are fine examples of Georgian and Federalist architecture, as well as a number of late 19th and early 20th century architectural styles. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18721237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721237" title="South School (Stoneham, Massachusetts)">
South School (Stoneham, Massachusetts)

The South School is a historic school building at 9-11 Gerry Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts. It is the best preserved 19th century schoolhouse in Stoneham. The two story wood frame building housed two classrooms on each of its two floors, and was built c. 1857-58, at a time when many schoolhouses in the state were typically single story buildings with one or two classrooms. The building saw academic use well into the 20th century before being converted to other uses. It has retained its basic form, as well exterior Italianate features.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It presently houses community social services agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="18721251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721251" title="Zora Fair">
Zora Fair

Izora (Zora) Fair was a native of South Carolina. During the American Civil War, she was a refugee in Oxford, Georgia. In November 1864, she nearly exposed General Sherman's planned "March to the Sea" to the Confederacy. She was sometimes called Oxford's Confederate Girl Spy.
Fair disguised herself as an African-American, by staining her skin with crushed walnut hulls, and sneaked into Sherman's headquarters in Atlanta. Overhearing some officers discussing Sherman's planned route to Savannah, including the plan to divide the force into two groups, she left the headquarters and attempted to report what she had learned to Confederate General Joseph Johnston. Her letter was intercepted by the Union Army, which attempted to track her down. Sources differ as to whether or not the Union Army caught and interrogated her.
After the war, she returned to North Carolina. She died a few months later.

</doc>
<doc id="18721252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721252" title="Edward Stanley Baker">
Edward Stanley Baker

Edward Stanley Baker (9 November 1910–15 March 1992) was an English cricketer: a wicket-keeper who played 32 first-class matches for Worcestershire in the 1930s.
Baker attended, and played for, King Edward's School in Birmingham.
He made his first-class debut for Worcestershire against Gloucestershire at Cheltenham in 1933, taking two catches and scoring 0 and 5.
He appeared thrice more that summer, but took only one more catch and scored just 1 and 1 in his two remaining innings.
In 1934 Baker was Worcestershire's regular wicket-keeper, a deliberate decision made by the county to allow Bernard Quaife to play as a specialist batsman.
Baker played 28 times that summer, and ended the year with 38 dismissals (33 caught; five stumped), although in any single match he never claimed more than the four dismissals (all caught) he managed against Somerset in June.
Baker played no first-class cricket after the 1934 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18721255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721255" title="Spin Records (Australian label)">
Spin Records (Australian label)

Spin Records was an Australian popular music label, active in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
History.
Spin Records was established in late 1966 by Clyde Packer and a group of partners, including entrepreneur Harry M. Miller. The label's first A&R manager was Nat Kipner (the father of musician-songwriter-producer Steve Kipner) who produced several early Spin releases. Most Spin recordings from the late 1960s and early 1970s were produced by Festival Records house producer Pat Aulton.
Launched in late 1966 with the single "Someday" by former Aztecs guitarist Tony Barber, the label was originally called Everybody's, which was also the name of a teen magazine published by Packer's Australian Consolidated Press. The overt cross-promotion reportedly met with resistance from commercial radio, so the label was hastily rebadged as "Spin" after only four singles.
Spin was distributed by Festival Records, then Australia's largest independent recording company. Spin releases played an important part in Festival's business in this period, with hit albums and singles including the 1969 hit single "Mr Guy Fawkes" by The Dave Miller Set and the original Australian cast recording of the rock musical "Hair", which became the first Australian cast recording to earn a Gold Record award. Through Kipner (who briefly managed The Bee Gees just before they returned to the UK) Spin was also able to secure the lucrative Australian release rights to the Bee Gees' Polydor recordings from 1967 until the Spin label folded in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18721262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721262" title="Old Tavern Farm">
Old Tavern Farm

The Old Tavern Farm is a historic farmstead at 817 Colrain Road in Greenfield, Massachusetts. The main structure exemplifies the organic growth of a farm complex from colonial days into the 19th century. The main block of the house is a Federal style 2.5 story center chimney structure, built c. 1820. A wing added onto the main block's west side is built in part on a foundation dating to 1740; this section of the house was apparently built in 1794, tearing down the earlier 1740 construction. This wing is attached at its other end to a 19th-century barn.
The farmstead was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18721268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721268" title="St. James Park Historic District">
St. James Park Historic District

The St. James Park Historic District is a historic district in the West Adams section of Los Angeles, California. The district is a residential neighborhood surrounding St. James Park consisting of homes built in a mix of Classical Revival, Craftsman and Queen Anne styles. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18721269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721269" title="Roughmussel">
Roughmussel

Roughmussel is a district in the Scottish city of Glasgow. It is situated south of the River Clyde. 

</doc>
<doc id="18721274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721274" title="Wendell Town Common Historic District">
Wendell Town Common Historic District

The Wendell Town Common Historic District encompasses the historic heart of the small town of Wendell, Massachusetts. Its town common, laid out in 1774, is a rectangular plot of land, about , bounded on the west by Lock's Village Road and Depot Road, is roughly bisected by Morse Village Road, and is bounded on its north, east, and south by Center Road. The sides of the roads opposite the common are lined with institutional buildings and houses that are predominantly in the Greek Revival style and date to the first half of the 19th century. The only contributing 20th century building is the Colonial Revival library, built 1921. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18721286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721286" title="West Whately Historic District">
West Whately Historic District

The West Whately Historic District is a historic district encompassing some of western Whately, Massachusetts. The area, located in the foothills of The Berkshires above the Connecticut River, has a long agricultural history, but also experienced a surge of industrial activity in the 19th century, of which only fragments remain. The district, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003, is focused on the areas surrounding West Brook and the areas where there was once industrial activity. From the late 18th century into the early 20th, there were some 16 mill complexes in the area, of which only one still has a surviving structure. The principal elements that survive of this industrial past are foundations and evidence of water works such as dams and millraces. There are only two institutional buildings in the district: the West Whately Chapel, built in the Queen Anne style in 1896, and a schoolhouse that has since been converted to a residence.

</doc>
<doc id="18721291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721291" title="Nakoaiyet Islands">
Nakoaiyet Islands

The Nakoaiyet Islands are an uninhabited island group located in Ungava Bay, in Qikiqtaaluk Region within the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18721294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721294" title="Whately Center Historic District">
Whately Center Historic District

The Whately Center Historic District encompasses the historic rural village center of Whately, Massachusetts. Located in the hills west of the Connecticut River and north of Northampton, the district consists of a stretch of Chestnut Plain Road, the main north-south route through the village, and a short stretch of Haydenville Road, which is roughly at the center of the district. There are many fine homes from the Federal period, although they often have embellishments from later periods. Greek Revival architecture is also a major presence, with numerous houses, as well as the town's civic centerpieces, the town hall (c. 1844) and Second Congregational Church (c. 1843), showing that style. There are only a modest number of 20th century structures in the district bounds. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18721295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721295" title="Provanhall">
Provanhall

Provanhall is a neighbourhood of Easterhouse in east Glasgow, Scotland. It is named after the estate and medieval house, Provan Hall. The area is to the immediate north of Provan Hall and Glasgow Fort and to the west of Shandwick Square Shopping Centre. The area is bounded by Gartloch fields, part of Glasgow's greenbelt with North Lanarkshire. Part of the estate was built on the remains of Provan Loch, part of the kettle ponds in the area that feed the Molendinar burn that flows into the clyde in Glasgow.
Background.
As of March 2011, the Provanhall neighbourhood contained 688 properties.

</doc>
<doc id="18721301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721301" title="Whitaker-Clary House">
Whitaker-Clary House

The Whitaker-Clary House is a historic house on Elm Street in New Salem, Massachusetts. It currently houses the Swift River Historical Society. The house was built in about 1816 by William Whitaker, was a lawyer, shopkeeper, and member of the local militia during the War of 1812. This house served as his home and law office. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. 

</doc>
<doc id="18721303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721303" title="Léon François Chervet">
Léon François Chervet

Léon François Chervet was a French sculptor, a representative of the high quality of design and execution engendered by the training of the official French École des Beaux-Arts, even among artists of the second rank in reputation.
His allegorical sculpture, now called "Amphitrite" ("illustration") is his only public sculpture. She formerly stood on the façade of the Palais du Trocadéro, Paris, built for the Exposition Universelle (1878) and demolished to make way for the Exposition of 1937. She was preserved and offered to the city of Agde, where, as "Amphitrite", she now symbolizes Agde's maritime vocation in the "place de la Marine".
Chervet exhibited at the annual salons at the Palais des Champs-Elysées, Paris, often "hors concours", as sculptures acquired by the State

</doc>
<doc id="18721307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721307" title="Springhill, Glasgow">
Springhill, Glasgow

Springhill is a district in the Scottish city of Glasgow. It is situated north of the River Clyde on the eastern edge of the city. It can be accessed from the M8 motorway, using junctions 9 or 10. 

</doc>
<doc id="18721330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721330" title="Helalia Johannes">
Helalia Johannes

Helalia Johannes ("Helalia Lukeiko Johannes," also "Hilaria Johannes;" born 13 August 1980) is a Namibian long-distance runner who specializes in the marathon. She represented her country at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2012 London Olympics and has won medals at the Military World Games and the All-Africa Games. She holds the Namibian records in the 10 km, 20 km, half marathon and marathon events.
Biography.
She was born in the village of Oshali in the Oshana Region. She has won the half marathon section of the Two Oceans Marathon on four occasions.
Johannes made her international debut at the 2005 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, where she finished 80th in the women's long race. She came fifth in the half marathon of the 2007 Summer Universiade and completed the same feat at the 2007 All-Africa Games. She also ran in the Dublin Marathon that year, coming in fourth place.
Johannes ran a qualifying time of 2:33:06 hours (qualifying time is 2:37:00 for 2008 Summer Olympics) at the Seoul International Marathon in March 2008, qualifying her for the 2008 Summer Olympics. In the Olympic marathon race she placed fortieth in the rankings. She again represented her country on the global stage at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics, but finished 56th in a slow time of 2:50:19 hours. She rebounded at the Dublin Marathon, finishing as the runner-up. The following year she had one of her best international performances, coming 16th at the 2010 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships.
She was the 2011 winner of the Dublin Marathon in a personal best and Namibian national record run of 2:30:37 hours. That year she won two bronze medals for Namibia, first in the marathon at the 2011 Military World Games and then in the half marathon at the 2011 All-Africa Games. She knocked more than three minutes off her then personal best at the 2012 Vienna Marathon, taking third place behind Olga Glok. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Johannes knocked more than a minute off that personal best, finishing in 12th with a new PB of 2:26:09.

</doc>
<doc id="18721337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721337" title="Baird House">
Baird House

Baird House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18721343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721343" title="Belchertown Center Historic District">
Belchertown Center Historic District

The Belchertown Center Historic District is a historic district which encompasses the historic village center of Belchertown, Massachusetts. Centered on Belchertown's common, the district includes 55 contributing properties along South Main Street, Maple Street, and a few adjacent streets. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The centerpiece of the district is the Belchertown common. The common features a bandstand, built in the 19th century, a memorial to the town's Civil War fallen, a cannon and flagpole, and a small parking lot. It is lined with 24 wood frame and 3 brick houses. Most of these buildings date to the 18th and early 19th century, and exhibit Georgian and Federal styling.
Buildings arrayed on South Main Street were built mostly from the middle of the 19th century to its end. Most of them have Greek Revival styling, but this portion of the district contains the only notable examples of Queen Anne architecture, as well as the Clapp Memorial Library, designed by H. H. Richardson. Along Maple Street most of the houses are also of the same period, although there are also some that date to early in the 20th century. Maple Street also features Belchertown's only stone house, and its only Carpenter Gothic building, the 1886 Towne House.
The district includes both Belchertown's Old Town Hall (c. 1865, Greek Revival), and its "new" one, Lawrence Memorial Hall (1923, Gothic Revival). There are three churches in the district: the Congregational Church (the town's oldest church, c. 1789-92), a Methodist church building moved from Springfield in 1872, and a Roman Catholic church (built as a second Congregational meeting house in 1836 after a schism).

</doc>
<doc id="18721348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721348" title="SS El Occidente">
SS El Occidente

SS "El Occidente" was a cargo ship for the Morgan Line, a subsidiary of the Southern Pacific Company. During World War I, she was known as USAT "El Occidente" in service with the United States Army and as USS "El Occidente" (ID-3307) in service with the United States Navy. At the end of war, she reverted to her original name of SS "El Occidente".
Built in 1910, SS "El Occidente" was one of four sister ships that carried cargo and a limited number of passengers for the Morgan Line. She was acquired by the U.S. Army after the United States entered World War I in April 1917, and converted to carry horses and mules to France. In February 1918, she fought a 20-minute gun battle with two German submarines, destroying the periscope of one. In August 1918, the ship was transferred to the U.S. Navy and continued transporting animals through the end of the war.
"El Occidente" returned to the Morgan Line in 1919 and sailed with them until June 1941, when the entire Morgan Line fleet was purchased by the United States Maritime Commission. While serving as a civilian-crewed cargo ship during World War II, "El Occidente" was torpedoed and sunk by German submarine "U-435" on 13 April 1942.
Early career.
SS "El Occidente" was a cargo and passenger steamship launched on 24 September 1910 by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Co. of Newport News, Virginia (yard no. 133), and delivered to the Atlantic division of the Morgan Line on 2 December 1910. She was the newest of four sister ships; the older three being , "El Mundo", and . "El Occidente" was , was long by abeam, and made . The vessel sailed for the Morgan Line, the brand name of the Southern Pacific Steamship Company (a subsidiary of the Southern Pacific Railroad), which employed her to carry cargo and a limited number of passengers between New York and New Orleans, the eastern terminus of the Southern Pacific line.
In April 1913, "The New York Times" reported that "El Occidente", loaded only with cargo, had rammed a schooner in fog off the New Jersey coast. Responding to a wireless message, the Savannah steamer "City of Montgomery" came alongside "El Occidente" to offer assistance, but was refused. The name and fate of the schooner were not reported.
World War I.
After the United States declared war on Germany in April 1917, the United States Army, needing transports to get its men and materiel to France, had a select committee of shipping executives pore over registries of American shipping. The committee selected "El Occidente" and thirteen other American-flagged ships that were sufficiently fast, could carry enough fuel in their bunkers for transatlantic crossings, and, most importantly, were in port or not far at sea. After "El Occidente" discharged her last load of passengers and cargo, she was officially handed over to the Army on 30 May.
Before any troop transportation could be undertaken, all of the ships had to be hastily refitted. Of the fourteen ships, four, including "El Occidente", were designated to carry animals and cargo; the other ten were designated to carry human passengers. The four ships designated to carry animals had to have ramps and stalls built. All the ships had to have gun platforms installed, before each ship docked at the Brooklyn Navy Yard to have the guns themselves installed. All the ships were manned by merchant officers and crews but carried two U.S. Navy officers, Navy gun crews, quartermasters, signalmen, and wireless operators. The senior Navy officer on board would take control if a ship came under attack.
The American convoy carrying the first units of the American Expeditionary Force was broken into four groups; "El Occidente" was in the fourth group with , , and , and escorts consisting of cruiser , U.S. Navy transport , and destroyers , , and . "El Occidente" departed with her group on the morning of 17 June for Brest, France, steaming at an pace. A thwarted submarine attack on the first convoy group, and reports of heavy submarine activity off of Brest resulted in a change in the convoy's destination to Saint-Nazaire.
"El Occidente" departed Saint-Nazaire on 14 July in the company of her convoy mates "Dakotan", "Montanan", and "Edward Luckenbach". Joining the return trip were Army transport , Navy armed collier , Navy oiler , and cruiser , the flagship of Rear Admiral Albert Gleaves, the head of the Navy's Cruiser and Transport Force.
Sources do not reveal "El Occidente"'s movements over the next eight months. But in April 1918, the "Chicago Daily Tribune" reported on an encounter "El Occidente" had with two German submarines that had occurred on 2 February. In a 20-minute running gun battle, Naval Armed Guardsmen aboard "El Occidente" exchanged fire with two U-boats, one on the port and one on the starboard. The news item reported that "El Occidente"'s gunners had demolished the periscope of one of her attackers.
"El Occidente"'s next recorded convoy trip took place on 23 March, when she sailed with Navy transports and , Army transport ship , and cruiser , arriving in France on 4 April. "El Occidente" next sailed on 18 May with , , stores ship , and Italian steamer . Rendezvousing with a contingent of transports from Newport News— , , , and Italian steamer —the convoy was escorted by American cruiser , and destroyers and . The convoy arrived in France on 30 May. On 10 July, "El Occidente" departed Newport News with Navy transports , , "Martha Washington", , but had to return to port with a leaky gas injector.
On 27 August 1918, "El Occidente" was transferred to the Navy and commissioned the same day with Lt. Commander E. S. Campbell, USNRF. "El Occidente" loaded cargo and 585 horses and mules, and sailed for France on 17 September. Five animals died or were destroyed during the voyage. Offloading her cargo at Saint-Nazaire and Verdun, "El Occidente" returned to the U.S. on 1 November.
In port when the Armistice with Germany was signed on 11 November, "El Occidente" loaded of cargo and 800 animals for a second Navy voyage. Departing on 17 November for Verdun, the ship arrived there on 19 December. Returning to Baltimore for repairs and alterations which included the removal of her armament and the stalls for animal cargo, "El Occidente" sailed again on 15 January 1919 for Bordeaux where she unloaded cargo for the Army of Occupation and embarked 90 passengers for return to the United States. She was decommissioned at New York on 18 March 1919, and delivered to the United States Shipping Board the same day.
Interwar civilian service.
Returned by the USSB in March 1919, "El Occidente" resumed cargo service with the Morgan Line, where she had almost 15 years of routine operation. However, in the 1930s, sailing on a New York – Galveston route, "El Occidente" was involved in several notable events.
In July 1933, "El Occidente" had a fire in her No. 1 cargo hold while she was southbound out from Norfolk, Virginia. "El Occidente"'s initial radio message reported that her crew had the blaze under control, but when that proved not to be the case, she headed in, docked at the Norfolk grain elevator, and requested assistance from local firefighters.
In September 1935, "El Occidente" came to the aid of Morgan passenger liner , which had been driven onto French Reef by the Labor Day Hurricane. "Dixie" had been headed from New Orleans to New York when she grounded on the reef, located about south of Miami, Florida and off shore. "El Occidente", one of 15 ships that responded to "Dixie"'s distress calls, carried two loads of passengers and baggage from "Dixie" to Miami. There was no loss of life during the grounding or the rescue of "Dixie"'s passengers.
In January 1937, "El Occidente" issued a distress call while she was in the Gulf of Mexico. After she reported a fire while some south of the mouth of the Mississippi River, U.S. Coast Guard cutters and and German freighter "Leubeck" all responded to the call. Before any reached the burning vessel, "El Occidente" reported that she had gotten the fire under control and needed no further assistance. "El Occidente" headed to Galveston. The following month, "El Occidente" issued another distress call, this time for a broken rudder while off the Virginia Capes. Coast Guard cutter responded and towed "El Occidente" to Norfolk, delivering her there on 7 February.
World War II.
In June 1941, the United States Maritime Commission (USMC) announced that it had requisitioned the entire Morgan Line fleet of ten ships, including "El Occidente" and her remaining sister ships, "El Oriente" and "El Mundo". The ships were to finish previously scheduled cargo runs and be handed over to the USMC over the following six weeks. The USMC had been charged with assembling a U.S. fleet to "aid the democracies" fighting Germany in World War II, and paid $4.7 million for all ten ships and a further $2.6 million for repairs and refits.
"El Occidente" was handed over to the USMC at Galveston on 7 July and assigned to United States Lines, Inc., for operation. The cargo ship was placed under Panamanian registry by U.S. Lines. Little is known of "El Occidente"'s movements over the six months, but on 30 January 1942, she left Boston for Halifax loaded with a general cargo. Arriving at Halifax on 1 February, she joined Convoy HX 174 and headed for Liverpool on 7 February, arriving at her destination on 21 February. 
Two days later, "El Occidente" sailed for Reykjavík, where she arrived on 1 March, just in time to depart with Convoy PQ 12 for Murmansk. After the convoy arrived at Murmansk on 12 March, "El Occidente" unloaded her cargo and took on a partial ballast load of chromium ore. She departed in Convoy QP 10 on 10 April. At 01:29 on 13 April, while at position , German submarine "U-435" under the command of Siegfried Strelow fired one or two torpedoes which struck "El Occidente" in the engine room, nearly breaking the vessel in half. "El Occidente" went down stern first within two minutes, with no time to launch lifeboats. Within 30 minutes of her sinking, , one of the convoy's escorts, rescued 21 of the ship's 41-man crew; the remaining 20 crewmen died.

</doc>
<doc id="18721349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721349" title="Bradstreet Historic District">
Bradstreet Historic District

The Bradstreet Historic District encompasses the rural 19th century village of Bradstreet in Hatfield, Massachusetts. It is centered at the junction of Depot Street and Main Street, and includes properties lining those two streets and Old Farm Road. Most of the buildings in the area date to the second half of the 19th century, featuring architectural styles typical of the period, including Queen Anne, Second Empire, Italianate, and Colonial Revival. The village grew on land that was originally granted to colonial governor Simon Bradstreet. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18721354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721354" title="Wilton Historic District">
Wilton Historic District

The Wilton Historic District is a historic district of early 20th Century houses (some dating to 1904) in Los Angeles, California bounded by South Wilton Drive, Ridgewood Place and South Wilton Places. Many of the houses are in the Craftsman style, though some are Colonial Revival. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18721356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721356" title="EUIMID">
EUIMID

EUIMID (expanded UIMID) is a unique identifier for an R-UIM (Removable User Identity Module) or CSIM (CDMA SIM application) card in CDMA2000 cellular systems that replaces the older UIMID identifier.
There are two forms of EUIMID, known as Short Form (SF_EUIMID) and Long Form (LF_EUIMID). Both produce a 32-bit pseudo-UIMID (pUIMID) with 0x80 in the upper 8 bits and the least significant 24 bits of the SHA-1 hash of the entire SF_EUIMID or the entire ICCID EF (for LF_EUIMID) in the lower 24 bits. 
The EUIMID (and UIMID) are hardware identifiers that do not change throughout the life of the card they identify. Their most important characteristic is that they are globally unique, no two R-UIM or CSIM cards should ever be given the same number. Secondly, they can identify the issuer of the code (likely a mobile phone operator in the case of LF_EUIMID, and an R-UIM or CSIM card manufacturer in the case of SF_EUIMID). The pseudo-UIMID is not unique, but can satisfy most uses of UIMID. Where this is not possible, or not desirable, another unique identifier (such as EUIMID) should be used instead or the requirement for uniqueness should be removed.
Short Form EUIMID (SF_EUIMID).
The Short Form EUIMID is based on the 56-bit MEID and is allocated from the same numbering space by the current Global Hexadecimal Administrator (GHA), the TIA. This form requires new files within the R-UIM defined in 3GPP2 specification C.S0023-C v1.0 (or higher). This was published by the TIA as TIA-820-C.
The SF_EUIMID has the unique ability to override the phone’s own MEID in signaling. This is controlled by a flag inside the R-UIM stored in bit 2 of the UsgInd (Usage Indicator) elementary file (EF). This may make it easier to provision a R-UIM that is manufactured without other unique identifiers (such as MIN or IMSI). The tradeoff is that the phone hardware cannot be easily identified. This tradeoff was removed in 2008 by the ability to specify MEID or EUIMID in OTASP signaling and in 2009 by the addition of these options to the CDMA air interface StatusRequest message. The term MEID_ME is used to distinguish the hardware identity of the phone from the MEID protocol element that may be the EUIMID.
Long Form EUIMID (LF_EUIMID).
The Long Form EUIMID is the ICCID that has been present in many generations of smart cards, including the SIM cards for GSM. This is composed of up to 18 BCD digits -- up to 72 bits. The storage allocated for the ICCID is, however, 80 bits, so it is recommended that the Luhn check digit be included plus a padding digit (0xf). Importantly, it is recommended in Version 2.0 of C.S0023-Cthat the pseudo-UIMID is generated from all 80 stored bits. 
The LF_EUIMID first became externally accessible in 2008 with OTASP specification C.S0066-0 v2.0. In 2009, the CDMA air interface was also upgraded to the so-called 'Release E' which allows the transmission of all available identifiers in the StatusRequest message. If an R-UIM or CSIM with Expanded UIMID is inserted in a phone the identifier that is usually transmitted as the ESN protocol element over the radio interface is the 32-bit pseudo-UIMID.

</doc>
<doc id="18721360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721360" title="Bisbee Mill">
Bisbee Mill

The Bisbee Mill is a historic gristmill at 66 East Street in Chesterfield, Massachusetts. Located on the Dead Branch of the Westfield River, the mill complex includes a wood frame mill building, along with its former mill pond, impounded by a dam across the river, and a canal that brought river water to the mill for power. Also included on the property is the site of the Damon sawmill, which was established in 1761, and the Pierce cornmill, which occupied a site north of the Bisbee mill building in 1823. The Pierce mill was moved to the site, from an earlier one that may also be on the grounds of the Bisbee mill complex.
The Bisbee mill complex has an evolutionary history that begins with the establishment of the mill pond in 1823 by Elisha Bisbee. Neither the dam he built, nor an 1859 dam built to form a second mill pond, have survived. Bisbee also dug a canal to bring water to his new mill building; other canals would also have been dug for the other two mills, but traces of them have not yet been found, and their exact route is not known. The mill building on the site was used, modified, and added onto, by five generations of Bisbees, until it closed its doors in the 1960s. The property was acquired by the Chesterfield Historical Society, which has operated it since 1997 as the Bisbee Mill Museum.
The main mill building started in 1823 as a single 2.g story gable-ended wood frame block measuring by . This was extended eastward in the 1850s with the addition of a second block, by . The two sections were joined by their end gables, although at slightly different elevations. Both sections were originally on fieldstone foundations; these have been replaced in part with modern concrete, and in part strengthened by the addition of concrete. A third section was added to the building between 1888 and 1829. Measuring by , this section had a shed roof, and was added to the south side of the main blocks. A fourth major addition was made in 1954, when another large section was added to the north side of the building.
Inside the building are the working portions of the mill. The water power it provided was delivered to the three levels of the mill by shafts, gears, and belts, and operated a number of different types of machinery. The major operations were as a gristmill, a woodworking mill, and a smithy. On the bottom level, the wheel pit, located in the original 1823 part of the building, houses a turbine wheel that dates to 1919. All levels of the mill have been adapted to showcase equipment that was used in the mill during its more than 100 year active lifetime.
The mill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="18721376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721376" title="Building at 8-22 Graves Avenue">
Building at 8-22 Graves Avenue

The Building at 8—22 Graves Avenue is a historic rowhouse at 8-22 Graves Avenue, just outside the downtown area of Northampton, Massachusetts. The Queen Anne style brick rowhouse was built in 1887 for Doctor Silas R. Cooley. The property is unusual because brick was not then a common building material for housing in the Connecticut River valley, and because the rowhouse style of construction was also rare in the area.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18721386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721386" title="Jim Jones (ice hockey)">
Jim Jones (ice hockey)

James William Jones (born July 27, 1949) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman.
Jones was drafted by the Boston Bruins in the 1969 NHL Amateur Draft, but saw no playing time with them. He was signed as a free agent by the California Golden Seals in June, 1971, appearing in two games for the Seals. He spent the majority of his career with the Seals playing for their minor league affiliates in the Western Hockey League, International Hockey League and American Hockey League (the Salt Lake Golden Eagles, Columbus Seals and Baltimore Clippers, respectively).
In September, 1973 he signed a contract with the Chicago Cougars of the World Hockey Association, playing in only a single game.
He retired in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18721403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721403" title="Calvin Coolidge House">
Calvin Coolidge House

The Calvin Coolidge House is a historic house at 19-21 Massasoit Street in Northampton, Massachusetts that was home to President of the United States Calvin Coolidge between 1906 and 1930. This period of occupancy coincides with Coolidge's political rise from city council to Governor of Massachusetts, then Vice President and President. The house, built in 1900-01, is a fairly typical residential house of the time, and is not architecturally distinguished. In 1930, Coolidge moved to "The Beeches" at 16 Hampton Terrace in Northampton.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18721413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721413" title="Glommen, Falkenberg">
Glommen, Falkenberg

Glommen is a locality situated in Falkenberg Municipality, Halland County, Sweden, with 761 inhabitants in 2010.
It came to be formed in the later part of the 19th century, as a fishing port was established.
The "Glumsten", a glacial erratic is mentioned as early as in the 11th century. It was important for navigation in the area until a lighthouse, Morups Tånge, was built in the 1840s. The stone has an engraved message of the sea level in September 1816th. The text was written by Sven Petter Bexell, vicar of Grimeton and Rolfstorp, and reads as follows: ""Wattenytans medelhöjd afvägd år 1816 i September av S.P. Bexell. Rätt i väster härifrån var vattnet 2 alnar 11 decimal tum 4 2/3 linier under detta märke.""
The largest company is "Falkenberg Seafood" with about 20 employees and a turnover of about 150 million SEK. The village is also home to two restaurants as well as two minkfarms. The football club, "Glommens IF", has as best played in the fifth division.

</doc>
<doc id="18721415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721415" title="Church Street Historic District (Ware, Massachusetts)">
Church Street Historic District (Ware, Massachusetts)

Church Street Historic District is a historic district roughly on Church Street between Park Ave. and Highland St. in Ware, Massachusetts. This mainly residential area includes some of Ware's finest late 19th century houses. Architectural styles include Colonial Revival, and Late Victorian styles include Queen Anne. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18721426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721426" title="Getik, Vayots Dzor">
Getik, Vayots Dzor

Getik (formerly, Chaykend and Ghai-kend) is a town in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18721428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721428" title="Alisa Flatow">
Alisa Flatow

Alisa Flatow (October 5, 1974 – April 10, 1995) was an American Jewish student who was killed in the Islamic Jihad suicide bombing known as the Kfar Darom bus attack in 1995.
Biography.
Alisa Michelle Flatow was born in West Orange, New Jersey. Her father, Stephen Flatow, is a lawyer. She attended the Frisch School in Paramus, New Jersey and Brandeis University. During the 1995 spring semester she was participating in a Jewish study program in Israel. She was on her way to the beach in Gush Katif with two friends when the bus exploded. 
When Flatow succumbed to fatal head wounds at Soroka Medical Center, the family donated her organs to save the lives of others. After doctors declared her brain dead, her father authorized the removal of her heart, lungs, kidneys, liver, pancreas and corneas. Thousands of people attended the memorial service in Flatow’s honor at Congregation Ahavas Achim B'nai Jacob and David in West Orange, New Jersey.
Lawsuit.
In 1998 a Federal district judge ordered the Government of Iran to pay $247.5 million in damages to Flatow’s family.
In 2008 Alisa’s brother, Etan, enlisted in the Israel Defense Forces.
Commemoration.
The Alisa M. Flatow Yeshiva High School was named in her honor. The Alisa Flatow Memorial Scholarship provides funds for students who wish to pursue traditional Jewish studies.Nishmat named its program of studies for overseas students in her honor, the Alisa Flatow International Program.

</doc>
<doc id="18721429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721429" title="Cushman Village Historic District">
Cushman Village Historic District

The Cushman Village Historic District is a historic district encompassing a portion of the Cushman Village area of Amherst, Massachusetts, which was a significant mill village during the 19th century. The district includes properties on or near East Leverett Road and Pine, Henry, Bridge and State Streets, and features buildings with Greek Revival, Gothic, and Georgian architecture.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18721438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721438" title="Dickinson Historic District">
Dickinson Historic District

The Dickinson Historic District is a historic district in Amherst, Massachusetts. Its centerpiece is the Emily Dickinson Home, a National Historic Landmark. The district boundaries encompass Main and Lessey Streets, east of Amherst center, from their junction eastward to Gray Street and the Amherst railroad station, which marks the eastern end of the district. In addition to a number of properties on Main and Lessey Streets, the district also includes Sweetser Park and contributing properties on Tyler Place as well as Triangle, Gray and Kellogg Streets.
The district features mid-19th Century Revival, late-19th and 20th Century Revival, and late Victorian architecture, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It was designated because of its architecture, and its connection with the locally influential Dickinson family, who (in addition to renowned poet Emily Dickinson) were a locally influential family with roots dating back to early colonial times.

</doc>
<doc id="18721451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721451" title="Conkey-Stevens House">
Conkey-Stevens House

The Conkey-Stevens House is a historic house at 664 Main Street in Amherst, Massachusetts. This distinctive brick house was built in 1840 with Greek Revival features, but was remodeled in 1870 with a Second Empire style mansard roof.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, and was included as a contributing property to the East Village Historic District in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18721455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721455" title="Fort Hill Historic District (Northampton, Massachusetts)">
Fort Hill Historic District (Northampton, Massachusetts)

Fort Hill Historic District is a historic district roughly on South Street between Lyman to Monroe in Northampton, Massachusetts.
Fort Hill was listed on the National Register of Historical Places on April 7, 1989. Fort Hill is known as a collection of well-preserved houses from the 18thn century. The district consists of 5 properties on the east side of South Street and one on the west side:

</doc>
<doc id="18721462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721462" title="Elm Street Historic District (Hatfield, Massachusetts)">
Elm Street Historic District (Hatfield, Massachusetts)

The Elm Street Historic District is a rural historic district in southern Hatfield, Massachusetts. It encompasses a landscape that has seen agricultural use since 17th century colonial days, including fields now used for tobacco farming, and historic properties located along five roads: Elm Street, Scotland Road, Sunset Road, Brook Hollow Road, and Little Neponset Road. The district is bounded on its south by the Connecticut River, on its east and north by the Mill River, with a small portion of land border in the northeast which cuts off a large meander in the river. This section, near the junction of Elm and Prospect Streets, is also where this district abuts the Mill-Prospect Street Historic District, which runs north along Prospect Street, and its eastern boundary abuts the Hatfield Center Historic District. Its western boundary is roughly a north-south line in the area of the junction of Elm and Dwight Streets.
Most of the buildings in the district are either residential or agricultural in nature, and the district includes the agricultural fields lying south of Elm Street, as well as important agricultural buildings such as tobacco drying barns. The houses in the district stylistically represent the long history of the period, and most home construction in the area had ended by the 1940s. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18721465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721465" title="Cross Keys Union order of battle">
Cross Keys Union order of battle

The following United States Army units and commanders fought in the Battle of Cross Keys of the American Civil War. The Confederate order of battle is listed separately.
Union Forces Near Cross Keys.
MG John C. Frémont
Mountain Department.
MG John C. Frémont
Department of the Rappahannock (formerly I Corps, Army of the Potomac).
MG Irvin McDowell (not present)

</doc>
<doc id="18721468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721468" title="East Village Historic District (Amherst, Massachusetts)">
East Village Historic District (Amherst, Massachusetts)

The East Village Historic District is a historic district encompassing the center of the East Village of Amherst, Massachusetts. It includes properties on Main Street, North East Street, and South East Street. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
The district features Greek Revival, Georgian, and Federal architecture. Among the buildings in the district are the Second Congregational Church (a Greek Revival structure built in 1839), the Conkey-Stevens House (separately listed on the National Register in 1979), and the Daniel Kellogg House, built in 1758.

</doc>
<doc id="18721478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721478" title="Dorsey-Jones House">
Dorsey-Jones House

The Dorsey-Jones House is a historic house at 191 Nonotuck Street in the Florence area of Northampton, Massachusetts that served as a stop on the Underground Railroad.
The 1.5 story house was built in 1849 for Basil Dorsey, an African American who escaped slavery in 1836 with abolitionist help. It follows a plan known as "upright and wing", a common building plan of the period that was often used for millworker housing. The lot on which it was built was purchased from the Bensonville Manufacturing Company, the silkmaking business of abolitionist George Benson. The Dorsey family lived in the house until 1852, when it moved to another Florence house. This house was purchased in 1854 by Mary Jones, the wife of Thomas H. Jones, another escaped slave and antislavery activist. An itinerant preacher, Jones was rarely present, and the family moved from Florence to Worcester in 1859.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18721484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721484" title="Ringville Cemetery">
Ringville Cemetery

Ringville Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Witt Hill Road in the hamlet of Ringville, part of Worthington, Massachusetts. The roughly cemetery was established in 1866, when the town purchased from Ethan Ring. The cemetery was quickly expanded over the next twenty years, reaching a size of . In the 1970s the town purchased an additional acre, giving the cemetery its present size. Ringville, the village in which it lies, was in the 19th century the industrial heart of Worthington, supporting a number of mills.
The cemetery lies on a rise above and south of Witt Hill Road, about from Massachusetts Route 112. A stone retaining wall lines the front of the of the cemetery. It is topped by large quarried granite stones, with two vehicular entrances, and two locations where steps are formed in the wall to provide access to the cemetery grounds. The main stair, in the center of the wall, was given a decorative iron gate c. 1900.
Despite the 1866 establishment of the cemetery, its earliest grave markers have dates from the 1810s. These graves were supposedly moved here from the Ireland Street Cemetery in neighboring Chesterfield; there is evidence of family connections between the two areas. Its most prominent marker is the Blair Vault, located in the northwestern corner, near the front wall. This brick and granite structure bears the inscription "Presented by Clara D. Blair in memory of her husband David Blair." The cemetery is in active use by the town. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18721494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721494" title="Woodbridge Street Historic District">
Woodbridge Street Historic District

The Woodbridge Street Historic District is a predominantly residential historic district in South Hadley, Massachusetts. It extends from the junction of Woodbridge Street and Silver Street north roughly to Woodbridge Terrace. The majority of buildings in the district are houses that were built in the 18th and 19th centuries. One of the more notable properties is the Skinner Museum of nearby Mount Holyoke College, which is located in the former Prescott, Massachusetts congregational church. The 19th century Greek Revival church was relocated here by philanthropist Joseph Allen Skinner in the 1930s when the construction of the Quabbin Reservoir necessitated the unincorporation of the small town.
The district includes properties from 25-82 Woodbridge Street, and at 3 and 7 Silver Street. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18721499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721499" title="Williamsburg Center Historic District">
Williamsburg Center Historic District

The Williamsburg Center Historic District is a historic district on Massachusetts Route 9 in Williamsburg, Massachusetts. It encompasses the traditional center of the town. Buildings in the district include the Meekins Library, a Classical Revival building designed in 1897 by Putnam and Bayley, the former Hampshire Hotel building, built c. 1800 (which also was owned by the local chapter of the Women's Christian Temperance Union), the 1841 former town hall (now home to the local historical society museum), and the 1835 Greek Revival First Congregational Church.
The district includes additional buildings dating from 18th century to the 20th century. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18721504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721504" title="Westside Historic District (Amherst, Massachusetts)">
Westside Historic District (Amherst, Massachusetts)

The Westside Historic District is a residential historic district that encompasses an early, historically African American neighborhood in the town of Amherst, Massachusetts. It includes properties on Baker and Snell Streets, Hazel Avenue, and Northampton Road (MA Route 9). Most of the properties in the district are houses, many of which were built in a variety of Victorian styles, with houses built later also showing Colonial Revival styling. The oldest houses, on Baker Street, date from 1869 into the 1870s, while those along Route 9 were for the most part built later, and exhibit a wider variety of styles, including some Bungalow/Craftsman houses. The fields that surround the neighborhood and set it off from the surrounding area are also included in the district, which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18721515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721515" title="Medical Center of Southeastern Oklahoma">
Medical Center of Southeastern Oklahoma

The Medical Center of Southeastern Oklahoma, also known as MCSO, is a hospital located at 1800 University Boulevard in Durant, Oklahoma. The hospital was founded in 1987, replacing the older Bryan Memorial Hospital.
Capabilities.
The Medical Center of Southeastern Oklahoma has over 100 physicians on staff. It is a subsidiary of Health Management Associates.
Is a general medical and surgical hospital.
Offers specialized inpatient and outpatient birthing rooms.
100 full-time registered nurses, 40 part-time registered nurses, 54 full-time LPNs, 20 part-time LPNs.

</doc>
<doc id="18721516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721516" title="West Hatfield Historic District">
West Hatfield Historic District

The West Hatfield Historic District encompasses the historic rural village center of West Hatfield, Massachusetts. It is centered on the junction of West Street (US Route 5) with Linseed Road and Church Avenue. It is a cluster of buildings scattered primarily along Route 5; Church Avenue, which used to be a route to the eastern parts of town, was cut off by the construction of Interstate 91, and also has several houses of historical interest. The oldest properties in the district date to the 1830s, but most of the village's 23 contributing structures date to the early decades of the 20th century.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18721520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721520" title="Perriertoppen">
Perriertoppen

Perriertoppen is the second highest mountain in Svalbard, at 1712 m. It is located in the north east of the island of Spitsbergen. The mountain is late Silurian granite.

</doc>
<doc id="18721527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721527" title="Ware Town Hall">
Ware Town Hall

Ware Town Hall is a historic town hall at Main and West Streets in Ware, Massachusetts. The Romanesque Revival structure was built in 1885 to a design by the architectural firm of Hartwell and Richardson. It was built on the site of a previous town hall, built 1847, that was destroyed by fire in 1867. The brick building is a roughly square shape, with a tall hip roof and tower on one flank. The main floor of the building houses an auditorium and theater facilities, and the town offices are located in the basement.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18721528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721528" title="Nicholas Kemboi">
Nicholas Kemboi

Nicholas Kemboi is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18721536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721536" title="Shopaholic and Baby">
Shopaholic and Baby

Shopaholic and Baby (2007) is the fifth novel in the popular 'Shopaholic' series. It is a chick-lit novel by Sophie Kinsella, a pseudonym of Madeline Wickham. It follows the story of Becky Brandon (née Bloomwood) and her husband Luke as they navigate Becky's first pregnancy.
Plot.
The plot jumps several months forward from Shopaholic and Sister. Becky is now heavily pregnant with her first child and is preparing for the arrival of her newborn. During a sonogram appointment with Luke, Becky is briefly left unaccompanied in the ultrasound room. Desperate to know the gender of the baby despite Luke's wishes to the contrary, Becky takes the ultrasound equipment to find out for herself. She initially thinks see can see male genitals on the baby but the sonographer returns, catching Becky and explains what Becky is actually examining is her own bladder.
Back at the apartment, it's revealed that Becky and Luke have recently sold up in order to buy a house. The couple have difficulty finding a place which meets Becky's approval. Becky's relationship with Jess has drastically improved since the last novel as is evident when Jess arrives. Jess continues in her endeavor to make Becky more environmentally friendly, encouraging her to use second hand baby items, the mere prospect of which Becky finds horrifying. Becky's friendship with Suze has also improved despite Suze's involvement with Lulu, a mother introduced in the last novel whom Becky doesn't get along with. Once again, Becky and Luke's marriage has been strained due to increasing anxiety on Luke's part over a new business partnership with the Arcodas group.
While shopping at a luxury baby boutique, Bambino, Becky overhears a conversation about a celebrity obstetrician, Venetia Carter. Becky- fantasizing over the idea of a luxurious birthing experience- rushes home to consult Luke. Much to Becky's disdain Luke is firm and insists Becky remain a patient of Dr. Braine (An older obstetrician who has seen many of the Brandon women through their pregnancies. Becky finds him dull). After much nagging from Becky an exasperated Luke admits defeat and the couple attend an appointment with Venetia. Becky is taken aback when Venetia treats with little interest whilst being flirtatious with Luke. She is further upset when it's revealed Venetia and Luke used to date during their time together in college but she consoles herself with the knowledge Venetia is in a relationship.
At a later appointment Becky is distraught to learn that Venetia is newly single, her married boyfriend having returned to his wife. This sets alarm bells ringing for Becky. As the novel progresses, Becky grows more and more suspicious of the relationship between Luke and Venetia; even going as far as to hire a private detective. As the baby's impending birth draws ever closer, Venetia and Becky have a dispute during an obstetric appointment, wherein Venetia spitefully confesses that she believes Becky and Luke should never have married and that she has every intention to pursue Luke once the baby is born. Once Becky has recovered from the shock of this revelation she plans to out Venetia's plans to Luke, hoping he'll be similarly horrified. Becky arrives at the party Venetia and Luke are attending only to find the two dancing together. The stress of witnessing this causes her to pass out. When Becky comes around, Luke is apologetic but denies any romantic involvement with Venetia. The couple decide it's in their best interests to return to Dr. Braine and for a brief while, everything seems to be going smoothly.
During her baby shower, Becky unwittingly comes across a love note sent by Venetia in amongst gifts for the baby. Sneaking away from her own party, she goes to the birthing center in order to confront Venetia, pretending to be in early labor. Family and friends arrive at the clinic anticipating the baby's birth and when Venetia comes into the birthing room, Becky tells everyone present about the obstetrician's scheme. Luke, in disbelief, demands an explanation and becomes increasingly enraged as Venetia talks. As an argument begins, Luke reveals that Venetia has always been troublesome, once feigning a pregnancy in order to force Luke into a relationship he did not want. During the dispute Becky's waters break and Venetia is then ordered out of the room and Dr. Braine is called by another family member in order to assist during the birth.
Whilst revelations are coming out into the open, Becky takes this opportunity to explain that she and Luke are effectively homeless as the home they had planned to purchase has been bought from under them in the midst of all the trouble Venetia has caused. To console the labouring Becky, Suze offers she and Luke the family's summer home. Relieved, Becky and Luke are given some privacy whilst they prepare for the imminent arrival. Dr Braine assists in the delivery of Luke and Becky's child into the world, a daughter they name Minnie. The book ends with Luke, Becky and Minnie living a modestly in the Bloomwood family home.

</doc>
<doc id="18721540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721540" title="Ware Millyard Historic District">
Ware Millyard Historic District

The Ware Millyard Historic District encompasses a 19th-century mill complex and industrial mill village in the town of Ware, Massachusetts. It is roughly bounded by South Street, the Ware River, Upper Dam Complex, Park Street, Otis Avenue and Church Street. The area includes surviving mill buildings, the oldest of which date to the 1840s, and a collection of tenement-style housing built for the millworkers, built between 1845 and the 1880s. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18721542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721542" title="Bavarian Film Awards (Best Director)">
Bavarian Film Awards (Best Director)

This is a list of the winners of the Bavarian Film Awards for Best Director.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18721557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721557" title="Ware Center Historic District">
Ware Center Historic District

The Ware Center Historic District encompasses the historic civic center of Ware, Massachusetts. It stretches along Massachusetts Route 9 on either side of that road's junction with Greenwich Plains Road. Most of the structures in the district were built between 1760 and 1860, although there are some 20th century intrusions. The village retained much of its early Georgian and Federal character in part because the economic focus in the town moved with the advent of industrialization elsewhere in the town during the 19th century. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18721564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721564" title="William Palmer Residence">
William Palmer Residence

The William and Mary Palmer House is a house in Ann Arbor, Michigan, designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in 1952. The home was designed for William Palmer, an economics professor at the University of Michigan, and his wife Mary. It sits on three lots at the end of a quiet, dirt road cul-de-sac. The location is near the Nichols Arboretum, and less than mile (1.2 km) from the university.
History.
The house was continuously owned by the Palmer family from 1951 to 2009. It was placed on the market in early August 2008, with restrictions in place. Jeffrey and Kathryn Schox purchased the house in March 2009. Jeffrey Schox, who is a San Francisco patent attorney, spends several weeks a year in Ann Arbor. When he is not in Ann Arbor, the Palmer House will be available for rent as a guest house and as a meeting location.

</doc>
<doc id="18721568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721568" title="South Worthington Historic District">
South Worthington Historic District

The South Worthington Historic District is a historic district encompassing the formerly industrial, but now rural, village of South Worthington, Massachusetts. The village is centered on the junction of Huntington Road (MA Route 112), Ireland Street, and Thrasher Hill Road. The district extends along Ireland Road as far as Conwell Road, and one contributing element, the dam which impounds Little Galilee Pond, extends into neighboring Chesterfield. The area had a number of small mills along the banks of the Little River, a tributary of the Westfield River, but only one complex, the Theron Higgins Mill on South Worthington Road, has survived from the 19th century. Most of the buildings in the district are residences dating to the 19th century; also included are three churches, including the particularly elegant Greek Revival South Worthington Methodist Church (1848).
South Worthington achieved some notice as the birthplace and summer home of Russell Conwell (1843-1925), a famous Baptist minister and writer. Conwell's summer stays in the house of his youth brought visitors to the community. Conwell's association with the village is commemorated by boulder with a plaque mounted on it near that house, 42 Conwell Road.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18721577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721577" title="Warren Wilson Beach House">
Warren Wilson Beach House

The Warren Wilson Beach House, later known as The Venice Beach House is a Craftsman style house built in 1911 in the Venice section of Los Angeles, California. It has operated over the years as both a residence and a camp. 
The Venice Beach House structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18721580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721580" title="Smith Alumnae Gymnasium">
Smith Alumnae Gymnasium

The Smith Alumnae Gymnasium is a historic gym building on the Smith College campus in Northampton, Massachusetts. It faces the college's Burton Lawn, along with other buildings of the campus that were also designed by Peabody & Stearns. It replaced an earlier wooden structure, also designed by Peabody & Sterns, that was built in 1879 during the college's initial construction efforts. The building now houses the college's archives, and was connected by the adjacent Neilson Library by a bridge in 1982.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18721582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721582" title="2005 Tennessee Titans season">
2005 Tennessee Titans season

The 2005 Tennessee Titans season was the 46th season overall and 36th with the National Football League. The team attempted to improve upon their previous output of 5–11, but was only able to win four games in 2005. The Titans' games were often high-scoring, with 8 of their 16 games accumulating in excess of 50 points between the two teams.

</doc>
<doc id="18721599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721599" title="Our Mother of Sorrows Monastery and Retreat Center (West Springfield, Massachusetts)">
Our Mother of Sorrows Monastery and Retreat Center (West Springfield, Massachusetts)

Our Mother of Sorrows Monastery and Retreat Center is an historic monastery at 110 Monastery Avenue in West Springfield, Massachusetts. The Spanish Colonial Revival building on the campus (construction begun in 1925) is the only structure of its type in the city, and one of two monasteries in the city. The building was extended in 1955 with the addition of a retreat center. The property was converted for use as an elder hostel in 1990, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18721605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721605" title="Spicer Islands">
Spicer Islands

The Spicer Islands are an uninhabited island group located in Foxe Basin, within Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18721607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721607" title="HD 194244">
HD 194244

HD 194244 is a variable star. It is a part of the constellation Aquila.

</doc>
<doc id="18721608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721608" title="Metamorphosis (Wade Marcus album)">
Metamorphosis (Wade Marcus album)

Metamorphosis is an album by jazz arranger Wade Marcus, released in 1976 on ABC Records/Impulse! Records. Wade Marcus was a prolific and influential producer during the 1970s, producing album by acts such as The Blackbyrds, Gary Bartz, A Taste Of Honey, The Sylvers, Eddie Kendricks, The Dramatics, Donald Byrd and Stevie Wonder. The album hit #38 on Jazz Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18721618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721618" title="Grove Hill Mansion">
Grove Hill Mansion

Grove Hill Mansion is an historic mansion at Florence Road and Front Street in Northampton, Massachusetts. The mansion was built in 1880 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
History.
The large brick residence at the top of Grove Hill in the village of Leeds, Massachusetts (part of Northampton) was built in 1880 for Lucius Dimock, the director of the Nonotuck Silk Company. Not coincidentally, it bears a striking resemblance to the company's factory (now Leeds Village apartments), designed in 1879 by architect E. C. Gardner. Gardner, a resident of Ashfield, began his architectural practice in Florence at the age of 22. It is assumed he was a student of the prolific Northampton architect W.F. Pratt. Following the Civil War, Gardner moved to Springfield and maintained a practice there until 1911.
The interior of the Dimock mansion reveals the influence of Charles Locke Eastlake, author of "Hints on Household Taste" published in 1872. Eastlake emphasized superb craftsmanship and the use of cherry and oak woods which remain unpainted to reveal their natural grain. "The Eastlake staircase, structural ceiling treatments, wainscots, parquet floors, doors with intricate inlays, and a chapel in the attic offer the most spectacular domestic interior to be seen in our area," wrote Karl S. Putnam in 1954. Mr. Putnam, who was the dean of Northampton architects for many years, described Grove Hill in glowing terms in the Northampton Tercentenary History Book.
The Lucius Dimock home was built on the site of the Benjamin North homestead which was moved 100 yards to the north in 1879. The Grove Hill estate included a large fruit orchard, a greenhouse, and stables for several beautiful driving horses and carriages. A large barn housed Dimock's herd of cows. On the southern boundary was a high English-style stone wall.
Grove Hill was purchased in the 1970s by Samuel Goldman who lived there for several years. In the 1990s, the interior was subdivided into several condominiums. The tower, which is a prominent element on the exterior of the house, remains intact along with the wood bracketed shed roofs. The tower was renovated in 1999, turning the rooftop gazebo into an interior room. The mansion continues to reveal E.C. Gardner's original design.

</doc>
<doc id="18721628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721628" title="The Manse (Northampton, Massachusetts)">
The Manse (Northampton, Massachusetts)

The Manse is a historic house at 54 Prospect Street in Northampton, Massachusetts. The two story Gambrel style house was built in 1744. It was built on the site of the seventeenth century foundation of Rev. Solomon Stoddard's original parsonage house (built 1684). Stoddard was the pastor of the first church in Northampton and the grandfather of Jonathan Edwards, a leading force in the First Great Awakening.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18721637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721637" title="Miss Florence Diner">
Miss Florence Diner

The Miss Florence Diner is a historic diner at 99 Main Street in the Florence section of Northampton, Massachusetts. It was manufactured in 1941 by the Worcester Lunch Car Company and is one of four diners in the city. At the time of its listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999, it had been owned by the same family since its construction. The diner was a traditional barrel-roofed shape, but it was modified in the late 1940s to increase capacity, by adding an additional bay on the left, and four (in a configuration perpendicular to the main diner body) on the right. These modifications gave the diner an L shape.
The diner is also notable for its attachment to the residence of the Alexanders (its owners), which was then converted into a restaurant, and for the distinctive chevron-shaped sign mounted on top of the diner that bears its name.

</doc>
<doc id="18721644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721644" title="Eddie Thompson (musician)">
Eddie Thompson (musician)

Eddie Thompson b. London 31 May 1925, d. 6 November 1986 was a British jazz pianist.
After studying at the same school for the blind as George Shearing, Thompson recorded with Victor Feldman in the late 1940s. In the 1950s he worked with Tony Crombie, Vic Ash, Freddy Randall and Tommy Whittle and was house pianist at Ronnie Scott’s from 1959-1960. From 1962 to 1972 he lived and worked in the USA. He led his own trio featuring Len Skeat and Martin Drew, and which recorded an album with Spike Robinson. Thompson also formed a duo with Roger Kellaway.
References.
"The Rough Guide to Jazz" - Ian Carr, Digby Fairweather, Brian Priestley, Charles Alexander - 2004

</doc>
<doc id="18721647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721647" title="Northampton State Hospital">
Northampton State Hospital

Northampton State Hospital was a historic Psychiatric hospital at 1 Prince Street on top of Hospital Hill outside of Northampton, Massachusetts. The hospital building was constructed in 1856 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
History.
Construction of the State Hospital at Northampton, the third state institution for the insane in the state of Massachusetts began on March 15, 1856 on top of Hospital Hill outside of Northampton, Massachusetts.
On July 4 (United States Independence Day) of the same year the cornerstone was laid. For posterity, a time capsule was embedded within the cornerstone, where it would lay undisturbed on top of Hospital Hill for 150 years. The hospital consisted of Old Main (the original Kirkbride hospital building), and infirmaries, staff dormitories, a work farm, and other buildings including a brand new memorial complex which was established later.
The asylum received its first patients on August 16, 1858. Within six weeks, the population would reach 220, most of whom were transfers from other institutions long overwhelmed. The original design specified a maximum of 200 patients, but this limit was raised to 250 by the state-wide hospital Commissioners before the asylum opened. After only two months the Board of Trustees speculated that the limit could be raised to 300 patients. As the patient population accelerated, the wards of Old Main were built onto so much that its original design looked nothing like its new shape. Soon, the population grew so much that several new infirmaries had to be built to sustain the patients.
The first superintendent, Dr. Prince, resigned in 1864, and Dr. Pliny Earle was selected as his replacement. Dr. Earle immediately began to cultivate a strong work therapy program by expanding the farm, constructing a greenhouse as well as other service oriented buildings. When he retired in 1885, Dr. Earle was given an apartment within the asylum out of gratitude for his twenty-one years of service. The population had reached 476 patients.
The start of the 20th century was marked with a change in name from the State Hospital at Northampton to the Northampton Insane Hospital, and two years later to Northampton State Hospital. Northampton State Hospital, under superintendent John A. Houston, continued constructing buildings such as large infirmary wards built on either end of the hospital in 1902 and 1903. In 1907, the same year Bishop’s Crook lamps were installed around the hospital grounds, “A Mind That Found Itself” was published. In it Clifford W. Beers, a former patient of several institutions, argues that contrary to what the public had been led to believe, no one knew how to cure insanity. That year the population at Northampton stood at 726 patients.
Designed to accommodate 1000 patients, in 1925 work began on the largest expansion of Northampton State Hospital: Memorial Complex. Set apart from the original “Old Main” section of the asylum, Memorial Complex became the focal point for most of the construction, expansions and later operations of Northampton State Hospital, and it allowed the population to swell to more than 2,100 patients in 1935. As the asylum's population became crowded, patients were deported to other hospitals and causing several small buildings were built around Old Main. Also, Old Main had been expanded so much, the original shape of the building no longer resembled a bat wing.
After nearly a century of constant construction, Northampton State Hospital continued to grow. In 1952, the same year Thorazine, the first anti-psychotic was introduced, and 2,331 patients were served by 509 staff. The Haskell building, which still serves as an office for the Massachusetts Department of Mental Health, was added in 1959.
On January 6, 1978 the United States District Court approved the Brewster Consent Decree, which made clear a patient’s constitutional right to treatment in the least restrictive environment possible. Under terms set forth in the Decree the State Hospital was to reduce the number of patients it served to 50 by 1981. This process would ultimately take 14 rather than 3 years.
In 1980 Northampton State Hospital registered its 64,500th admission, while simultaneously attempting to reduce the total population. Patients were either reassigned to other, usually smaller facilities, or were simply dismissed. Ex-patients entered a largely ignorant and sometimes hostile community; for some, poverty and homelessness were as immediate as the city-wide controversy. Debate raged all around Northampton.
After 130 years, the wards of Old Main were home only to silence and stillness when it was abandoned in 1986. Operations at Memorial Complex continued until 1993, when the last 12 patients were reassigned, and Northampton State Hospital was officially closed. Plans to preserve and reuse the buildings had gained some popularity around the turn of the millennium; however, city administrators only seriously considered demolition to redevelop the property. The debate continued while the wings of the Kirkbride continued to rot and decay. In 2006 Old Main was finally demolished, and by the following summer, the Memorial Complex was gone.

</doc>
<doc id="18721656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721656" title="Walker-Collis House">
Walker-Collis House

The Walker-Collis House is a historic house at 1 Stadler Street in Belchertown, Massachusetts. Originally located facing the Belchertown Common, this 1880 Victorian was moved to its present location in 1976. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The house was built in 1880 by Myron Walker (1846-1911), a state senator who had spent significant time in New York and California. Walker had made a fortune during his travels, and reportedly spent $30,000 to build the lavish mansion; the gas heating plant in the building was also said to be used for heating of the bandstand on the common, and to provide gas street lighting in the area. Walker's fortune fell after his 1889 divorce, and the property was inherited by his nephew. It was then owned for much of the 20th century by the Collis family. Threatened with demolition, it was moved to its present site in 1976 and rehabilitated.

</doc>
<doc id="18721671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721671" title="Ekeberg Line">
Ekeberg Line

The Ekeberg Line () is a long light rail line of the Oslo Tramway which runs from Gamlebyen to Ljabru in Oslo, Norway. Operated by lines 18 and 19, it serves the area of Nordstarand and the neighborhoods of Ekeberg, Jomfrubråten, Bekkelaget and Ljan. The line is operated by Oslo Sporvognsdrift using SL79 and SL95 trams on contract with Ruter. The line itself is owned by Kollektivtransportproduksjon. At Oslo Hospital, the line connects to the Gamleby Line, which runs to the city center.
Proposals for a line in the area were first launched 1897, but not until 1914 were the necessary permits granted. The line was built and operated by Ekebergbanen. The line opened in 1917, and connected to the Gamleby Line to reach Stortorvet in the city center. The line differed from the street trams in that it ran in its own right of way and used 1,200 volt supply, unlike the 600 volts used in the streets. In the early 1930s, the line was rebuilt to double track and a branch, the Simensbråten Line, was built. The Ekeberg Line was extended to its current terminus in 1941. In 1948, the company was taken over by the municipal Oslo Sporveier and operations were integrated in 1965. The line was nearly closed in 1967 and 1973, but during the 1970s, the line received new rolling stock and a renovation. Future plans include an extension to Hauketo Station on the Østfold Line and a new route via Bjørvika to the city center.
Route.
The Ekeberg Line is a long continuation of the Gamleby Line, from which it connects at Oslo Hospital, located near sea level and from Stortorvet, the traditional terminus in the city center. The entire line is built as a light rail with its own right-of-way. The line is electrified at 750 volts with overhead wires. It runs up Ekeberg on the east side of Kongsveien, passing Sjømannsskolen at above mean sea level (AMSL) and from Oslo Hospital. The next station is Jomfrubråten, which is located from Oslo Hospital and at AMSL. This is where the Simensbråten Line previously branched off. Past Jomfrubråten, the Simenbråten Line, while it existed, ran under the Ekeberg Line.
The next station is Sportsplassen, located further south, at AMSL, followed by Holtet, which is from Oslo Hospital and at AMSL. Holtet is the location of the depot and a balloon loop. At Holtet, the line crosses Kongsveien and continues along the west side of Ekebergveien. The next station is Sørli, which is located from Oslo Hospital and at AMSL, followed by Kastellet located from Oslo Hospital and at AMSL. The line continues past Bråten, located from Oslo Hospital and at AMSL and past Sæter, located from Oslo Hospital and at AMSL. Between Sæter and Ljabru is a bridge over Nordstrandsveien which is single tracked. Ljabru is the terminus and is located from Oslo Hospital and at AMSL.
Service.
The Ekeberg Line is served by lines 18 and 19 of the Oslo Tramway. Line 19 always runs the full length of the line, while Line 18 does not operate from Ljabru to Holtet during the morning and afternoon. Line 18 connects via the city center to the Ullevål Hageby Line while Line 19 runs onwards along the Briskeby Line. Travel time from Ljabru to Holtet is 7 minutes, to Oslo Hospital is 14 minutes and to Jernbanetoget is 20 minutes. Both of the lines run every 10 minutes during the day, every 20 minutes during the evenings and part of the weekends and every 30 minutes during early mornings on weekends. This gives a peak service of every 5 minutes along the Ekeberg Line. The service is provided using high-floor SL79 and low-floor SL95 trams. Because of the lack of a balloon loop at Rikshospitalet, Line 18 must be operated with SL95 units, while SL79 units are used on Line 19 because the Brikeby Line does not have a high enough permitted axle load to for the SL95 units.
History.
Construction.
The Nordstrand area of Aker was first served by steam ships from 1860s, which connected the lower areas to Oslo. In 1879, the Østfold Line (then the Smaalen Line) opened in 1879, giving these areas a regular service unaffected by the weather. In 1897, a public meeting was held regarding transport in the upper parts of Nordstand, the Ekeberg area. On 15 March 1899, Solicitor Einar Borgen, Engineer A. J. Jackwitz and Robert Iversen sent an application to build an electric railway from Oslo to Ljan. They were later supplemented with Contractor S. Sørensen. The application was considered in Aker Municipal Council on 14 March 1901, and placed on hold. It was again considered a year later, this time it was placed on hold because the politicians wanted to see how the new "Railway Act" would affect the plans.
A new application for the same route was made on 16 April 1907, this time from Solicitor H. M. Helliesen, Wholesaler A. Thune-Larsen, and Works Manager T. Poppe of Kristiania Sporveisselskab (KSS), the company which operated one the city tramways. This time the plans were slightly changed, with the route proposed built with a tramway rather than as a railway. In particular, the line was to connect to the Gamleby Line (then called the Oslo Line) of KSS's network and run up Ekeberg to an intersection between Ekeberveien and Kirkeveien. The plans called for a regular street tram with regular city tram vehicles. At the time, the city limits of Oslo went at Sjømannskolen. The application for the part within Oslo was sent to the city, while for the section outside the city, the application was sent to the Ministry of Labour. Within Oslo, a new line would only have to be built from Oslo Hospital to Sjømannskolen, while from Oslo Hospital to the city center, the line would follow the Gamleby Line.
The plans were sent from the ministry to the municipality, who's council passed the plans on 12 November 1908. Among the conditions were that within five years, the municipality could demand that the line be extended to either Ljabru or Ljan. The concession was again considered on 2 November 1911, and there it was decided that the concession would be removed if the line was not finished by the end of 1914. However, in November 1911, Oslo City Council postponed their permissions while the issue was again made subject to reports on the issue. The report suggested a different route, which ran via Lodalen and up Ekebergsletta at Ekeberg hovedgård. After negotiations, the city agreed to allow the line to follow Kongsveien.
The Labour Party rejected the line, stating that they did not want any transport that made it easier to live outside the municipal boundary, to keep tax money within the municipality. The final permission from Oslo City Council was granted after a vote with 49 to 35 in May 1913. Concession from the ministry was granted from Sjømannsskolen to Ljan on 7 October, and from Oslo Hospital to Sjømannsskolen on 11 December. On 5 June 1914, permission was granted where the concession was transferred from Thune-Larsen and Helliesen to the company Ekebergbanen, which was founded on 27 March 1914. The company received a share capital of NOK 850,000, later increased to 2.5 million. Engineer Jørgen Barth became the first director.
Since the application, there had been a technological development within tramways. Barth started working with the plans, and proposed that the line be built as a light rail in its own right-of-way, similar to that of the Holmenkollen Line and the Røa Line on the west side of town. This would allow higher speeds. The plans called for the line to run on the east side of Kongsvien until Holtet, after which it would cross the road and continue on the west side Ekebergveien, until it reached Nordstrandsveien. The end of the line would have a balloon loop. After the revised plans were approved by the authorities, construction started in August 1914. Most of the works were finished in 1917. The original line consisted of double track from Oslo Hospital to Sjømannsskolen, and single track from Sjømannsskolen to Sæter. Holtet received a passing loop, in addition to the line's depot. The parish hall at Sæter was bought and made a combined station and office.
Early years.
The company bought five bogie trams. They had pointed ends to ease meeting the shorter trams in the city, and had a low-floor center section, with internal steps. The body and mechanical equipment was built by Skabo Jernbanevognfabrikk, while the electrical components were built by Siemens-Schuckertwerke. Capacity was for 40 or 38 seated passengers. In early 1917, Barth was replaced by H. A. Mørk as director. Trial runs of the tramway started on 11 June 1917. It was retrospectively decided by the ministry that the official opening date was 1 July.
Initially there were two services per hour, but this quickly turned out to be too little. However, because of World War I and problems receiving supplies from Germany, it was not until November that all five trams were delivered and a 15-minute headway could be introduced. The company also started purchasing land to allow a future double track and widening of the loading gauge to allow for the wide trams used on the Holmenkollen Line. Also four services per hour proved to be too little. The company had chosen to electrify the line at 1,200 volts instead of the 600 volts used in the rest of the tram network, so the company could not operate rented trams from other operators. The junction between the two networks at Oslo Hospital had a section without overhead wires. This allowed both of the pantographs to not touch their wire when the current was switched. When changing between the currents, the lighting, heating, compressor and battery chargers all had to be manually changed with a switch.
In 1919, the company ordered seven new trams from Skabo, with electric equipment from Norsk Elektrisk & Brown Boveri (NEBB). These were the first in the country to have Norwegian-built electrical equipment, and also allowed for multiple-unit train control. They were delivered in 1920 and 1921. In addition, six trailers were built from Hannoversche Waggonfabrik (HaWA) The delivery of new rolling stock required a new depot building at Holtet, two new electric arc transformers and a ticket price increase. The HaWa trailers were delivered in 1925. However, the two-axled trailers did not give as smooth a ride, and in 1927 the company ordered bogie trailers from Atelier Métallurgique de Nivelles, which were put into service in 1928 and 1929.
To allow more frequent services, the line needed to be rebuilt to double track. The first section was from Sportsplassen to Holtet, which opened with double track on 16 January 1930. Next followed the section from Holtet to Kastellet on 12 February 1931, and finally from Sjømannsskolen to Sportsplassen on 30 September 1931. This occurred at the same time the Simensbråten Line was built, as a branch from Jomfrubråten to Simensbråten. Construction of the Simensbråten Line started in December 1928;
and this resulted in the Ekeberg Line past Jomfrubråten being moved. Instead of following the street Kongsveien, it the line was moved to a higher elevation. The double-tracked Ekeberg Line was placed on the new line, while the single-tracked Simensbråten Line would follow the old route along Kongsveien. The Simensbråten Line would thus cross under the Ekeberg Line and then through a curve turn onto its right-of-way. The Simensbråten Line was completed in mid-1931 and was officially opened on 30 September 1931.
On the city section, the tracks had been gradually rebuilt to allow wide and long trams to run on the tramway, including the Gamleby Line. In 1930, tram 1003 was rebuilt to that width. It proved too heavy, and Ekebergbanen ordered new trams which were wider. When delivered, they were capable of hauling a tram up the hills at .
In 1925, the Østfold Line was rebuilt to double track, and the section past Hauketo was moved, including the demolishing of the Ljan Viaduct. In June 1926, Aker Municipality started the process to demand that the line be extended onwards from Sæter. However, Ekebergbanen stated that the rebuilding of the Østfold Line removed the need of the extension. The company instead applied for concession to extend the line southwards towards Hvervenbukta on Ljanskollen's west side. This was rejected by Aker Municipality. In exchange for not being allowed to extended the line, Aker Municipality agreed to not press the issue of their preferred extension for the time being.
At the time, Akersbanerne was working on building the Lambertseter Line, which is located further east in Aker. This caused an uproar amongst the residents in the Ekeberg area, who wanted the Ekeberg Line extended, in what became known as the thousand meter, before the construction of the Lambertseter Line. The municipality therefore granted free municipal land and a grant of NOK 50,000 for expropriation. Construction started in July 1940, after having been delayed by the German occupation of Norway. The construction included a new double track from Holtet to Bråten. During the construction at Sæter, the trams turned at Bråten and backed to Sæter, where they used the turning loop. The thousand meter extension to Ljabru opened on 17 September 1941.
World War II and the limitations on fuel gave the Ekeberg Line a large increase in traffic, from four million passengers in 1939 to eight million in 1944. Unlike many other Norwegian tramways, the tram vehicles were not confiscated and moved to Germany, because no German tramways used both 1,200 volts and allowed wide vehicles. A new depot building was built in 1942 and 1943, which allowed wide trams.
Following the end of the war, it was decided that Oslo and Aker would merge. Ekebergbanen's concession lasted until 30 June 1947, which was initially extended on year. In March 1948, Oslo Sporveier, the municipal company that operated among other things the street tramways, offered to purchase Ekebergbanen. All but eight shares were sold, and from December the board of Ekebergbanen and Oslo Sporveier was identical. However, the company retained its own name, administration, rolling stock and personnel.
After the nationalization, the company started a renovation process of the infrastructure and rolling stock. Combined with a municipal policy of low fares, the company started going with a loss. Five new trams were delivered from 1948 to 1952, and built at the depot at Holtet, with used equipment from some of the older trams. An additional nine new trams were delivered between 1952 and 1955. Five additional trams were rebuilt from 1955 to 1960, by which time all the narrow trams had been rebuilt or retired. The use of a unique voltage gave operational difficulties, as fuses could regularly blow at Oslo Hospital if errors were made while switching from the one supply to the other. In addition, all the trams were custom-built with extra equipment with limited spare parts. All the trams delivered during the 1950s were built so they could later be converted to only use 600 volt supply. The depot was expanded in 1952.
Threat of closure and renewal.
In 1960, the Oslo City Council voted to close the street tramway and replace all routes with either diesel buses or the Oslo Metro. The specific plans for the Ekeberg Line were not decided, although the line was considered either to be a stand-alone light rail or connected to the metro. From 30 October 1960, the route for the Ekeberg Line trams in the city changed, so they instead followed the route Schweigaards gate – Vognmannsgata – Jernbanetorget – Kirkeristen to Stortorvet instead of the old route via Grønland and Brugata. From 1963, the route terminated at Jernbanetorget, after the rest of the route was closed due to the construction of the metro.
From 1 July 1965, Oslo Sporveier took over the operation of the Ekeberg Line, which was numbered Line 16. Oslo Sporveier took over all employees and rolling stock, but Ekebergbanen remained a holding and real estate company. Immediately following the take-over, Oslo Sporveier introduced a 20-minute headway and suggested that the line be closed and replaced by buses from 29 October 1967, when the Østensjø Line of the metro opened. Following the closing of Sagene Ring, there were increased protests against closing the tramway. Traffic had decreased on the Ekeberg Line, but proponents for keeping it stated that this was because Oslo Sporveier had reduced the frequency and moved the end station out of the core of the city center. When the proposal to close the Ekeberg Line was considered by the city council, it was decided that only the Simenbråten Line was to be closed.
In 1960, the sale of cars in Norway was deregulated and the management of the public transport system was changed to become that of providing services to those who could not drive their own car. The Ekeberg Line lost traffic because it did not operate to the city center, and with the 1960 decision in the city council was it not permissible to lay new tracks to Stortorvet. Therefore, locals suggested that the trams continue along the track from Jernbanetorget to Skøyen, on the west side of town. At first the proposal was rejected by Oslo Sporveier because it was "technically impossible".
From June 1967, Line 9, that ran along the Lilleaker Line via the Skøyen Line to the city center and onwards along the Østensjø Line, was truncated to Jernbanetorget, as the Østensjø was converted to a metro line. Calculations showed that if the Lilleaker Line or the Skøyen Line and the Ekeberg Line were connected, between them one tram less would be needed, and the Ekeberg Line would have a service through the city center. After trial runs, the new service to Skøyen was taken into use on 4 May 1969.
In 1973, Oslo Sporveier again proposed closing the Ekeberg Line. This time the reason was the construction of the Oslo Tunnel and Oslo Central Station, which would involve construction work around Jernbanetorget. This proposal also resulted in a public reactions, and the same arguments from the mid-1960s were repeated. Again the suggestion to link the Lilleaker Line to the Ekeberg Line were launched. Oslo Sporveier calculated it would cost NOK 3.6 million for investments, including rebuilding 20 Gullfisk trams, new rectifiers and new tracks. This was less than the necessary 30 buses needed for conversion to bus services.
The last of the older Ekeberg Line trams to Skøyen ran on 5 August 1973. From the following day, all trams turned at a new balloon loop at Vognmannsgata. Investments included a new track at Holtet Depot, and of new double track in its own right-of-way along Biskop Gunnerus gate from Postgirobygget to Kirkeristen. A double track from Sæter to Ljabru was discarded because there was no need for it. The last of the old trams ran on 22 September, and from 24 September the line was switched from 1,200 to 600 volts. Ordinary service with Gullfisk trams from Ljabru to Jar on the Lilleaker Line started on 29 September. The new service involved a 10-minute headway at daytime and a 20-minute headway during the evenings.
In 1976, a Gullfisk lost control on the line and derailed near Sjømansskolen, causing the tram to be scrapped. From 1977, Oslo Sporveier also put SM53 trams into service. This was not sufficient, and Oslo Sporveier considered introducing the old Ekeberg Line trams. But this would be costly, as the vehicles would have to be upgraded. Instead, used MBG trams from the Gothenburg Tramway were put into service. The section from Sæter to Ljabru had since the opening had a signaling system that had worked fine with 15- and 20-minute headways, but did not work properly with 10-minute routes. A new system was installed, and proved to work just as poorly as the old system. During 1979, the section was rebuilt to double track, although the short bridge over Nordstrandsveien was kept single tracked.
In 1982 and 1983, the SL79 articulated trams were introduced on the line. In 1988, the line to Jar was supplemented with a rush-hour route which connected with the Ullevål Hageby Line west of Oslo. From 28 August 1988, a service started running from Ljabru and connecting with the Ullevål Hageby Line. Weekend night services started operating from 18 November 1989. From 1988 to 1991, the section of the Gamleby Line along Schweigaards gate was rebuilt to light rail standard in its own right-of-way. In this period, the line received new catenary and many stations were renovated. The new section was taken into use on 4 January 1991. Along with the rest of the tram system the voltage was increased to 750 volts on 4 June 2000. This allowed the new SL95 low-floor trams to operate on the line. In 2002 the board of Oslo Sporveier proposed closing the Ekeberg Line along with the Kjelsås Line, but this was stopped by the general assembly.
Future.
The Ekeberg Line is proposed extended from Ljabru to Hauketo Station on the Østfold Line. To routes have been proposed, either along Ekebergveien, or in a tunnel further east. The extension will allow better correspondence southwards, including transfer to the Oslo Commuter Rail and Ruter buses. Financing has been secured through Oslo Package 3.
As part of the Fjord City and redevelopment of Bjørvika, the Ekeberg Line has been proposed to follow a new line on the south side of Oslo Central Station to Jernbanetorget, with stops at Sørengautstikkeren and Bjørvika. As an alternative, it has been proposed that the tracks along Schweigaards gate be kept and that the trams along the Ekeberg Line alternate running via Bjørvika and Schweigaards gate.

</doc>
<doc id="18721673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721673" title="Wade Marcus">
Wade Marcus

Wade Marcus was a producer during the 1970s. He composed the music to the film "The Final Comedown" with Grant Green. He also produced albums by The Blackbyrds, Gary Bartz, A Taste of Honey, The Sylvers, Eddie Kendricks, The Dramatics, Peaches & Herb, Donald Byrd, G. C. Cameron, Stevie Wonder and The Emotions.
Discography.
As Arranger.
With Brass Fever
With Ronnie Foster
With Grant Green
With Bobbi Humphrey
With Marlena Shaw
With Sonny Stitt
With Reuben Wilson

</doc>
<doc id="18721674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721674" title="United States Post Office–Easthampton Main">
United States Post Office–Easthampton Main

The US Post Office—Easthampton Main is a historic post office building at 19 Union Street in Easthampton, Massachusetts.
The Neo-Classical single story building was built in 1933 for a cost (of land and construction) of about $75,000. The architect is unknown, but the building design resembles the work of Knox Taylor, who designed a number of post offices earlier in the 20th century. The brick building features limestone trim, and has a central portico supported by Corinthian columns.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It is currently being used as a senior center.

</doc>
<doc id="18721683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721683" title="The Barbecue Bible">
The Barbecue Bible

The Barbecue Bible by Steven Raichlen (1998, Workman), is the flagship title in a series of cookbooks written on grilling, barbecue, and other forms of outdoor cooking. Rather than focusing specifically on one style of barbecue, Raichlen documented four years worth of travels along what he considered the great "barbecue belts" in the world, which he categorized as North America/Caribbean, South America, Central Asia/Middle East, Mediterranean Europe, the western regions of Africa from Morocco to South Africa, and the eastern Pacific Rim from Korea to Indonesia. In addition to grill recipes for both meat and vegetables, the book includes substantial information on side dishes, drinks, and desserts, as well as numerous sidebars detailing Raichlen's experiences while researching the book.
In addition to the first book in 1998, the "Barbecue Bible" series includes several more in-depth single or narrow-subject books:
The second edition of the flagship book was released in May 2008, and incorporated substantial amounts of color photography in a style similar to the earlier "How To Grill" book.
The books do not tie in directly to Raichlen's television show "Barbecue U", although they do share the same subject matter.

</doc>
<doc id="18721686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721686" title="United States Post Office–South Hadley Main">
United States Post Office–South Hadley Main

The US Post Office—South Hadley Main is a historic post office at 1 Hadley Street in South Hadley, Massachusetts. The single story Classical Revival building was constructed in 1940, and occupies a prominent position facing South Hadley's common. Its facade is relatively plain, fronted by a series of limestone columns and topped by a limestone entablature, which extends around the top of the building. The walls are predominantly brick, laid on a granite foundation, with granite steps leading to the main entrance. Despite modernization in the 1960s the interior has maintained some of its original features, including marble wainscoting and some woodwoork.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18721692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721692" title="Hugh Costello">
Hugh Costello

Hugh Costello is an Irish writer.
Career.
Costello made his name in radio (recently "Bail Out", "My Dear Children Of The Whole World", "What The Bishops Knew" and "Conclave") and television (credits include "The Ambassador", "Holby City" and "On Home Ground"). He also wrote the short film "The Rope Trick" as well as the feature "Auto de Fe". However, he is best known for writing the critically acclaimed 2007 film "Bernard and Doris", which premiered on HBO on the 9th February 2008 and was nominated for ten Emmy awards, including "Outstanding Writing in a Miniseries".

</doc>
<doc id="18721693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721693" title="Center Conway, New Hampshire">
Center Conway, New Hampshire

Center Conway is an unincorporated communitywithin the town of Conway in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States. From the late 19th century until the Second World War, Center Conway was known for its corn cannery. Today the homes are mostly residential, with many vacationers visiting the scenic Conway Lake. The old corn farms have given way to modern businesses, though summer corn is still harvested from local corn fields.
History.
Center Conway is the oldest settlement of Conway, New Hampshire. The first annual town meeting of Conway was held there on February 20, 1770, by Thomas Merrill and Joshua Heath. Until the town house was built in 1837, the town meetings were held in homes or taverns.
Seasonal vacationers.
Though the village has grown during the last century, most of its inhabitants are holiday visitors, who take advantage of the scenic setting surrounding Conway Lake and the White Mountains. Former visitors came only in the summer, but more and more families are winterizing their summer homes for skiing on nearby Mt. Cranmore.

</doc>
<doc id="18721705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721705" title="Strong House (Amherst, Massachusetts)">
Strong House (Amherst, Massachusetts)

The Strong House is a historic house at 67 Amity Street in Amherst, Massachusetts. It was built c. 1744 by Simeon Strong, not long after the permanent settlement of Amherst began in 1738. The house currently houses the Amherst History Museum.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, and included in the Amherst Central Business District in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18721708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721708" title="Security Trust and Savings">
Security Trust and Savings

Security Trust and Savings, also known as Security Pacific Bank, is a highrise office building in Hollywood, California and built in 1921. The building was designed by the father and son design team of John and Donald Parkinson, who also designed some of the city's major landmarks, including Los Angeles City Hall and Bullocks Wilshire. In 1983, the Security Trust and Savings building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18721726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721726" title="Ross Farm (Northampton, Massachusetts)">
Ross Farm (Northampton, Massachusetts)

Ross Farm is a historic farmhouse at 123 Meadow Street in Northampton, Massachusetts. Its importance rests in its significance as the site of a utopian community that operated there from 1841 to 1845, and for its use as a site on the Underground Railroad. Once part of a much larger , the property has been reduced to , whose only significant structure is the farmhouse which was built in 1825.
History.
The farmhouse was built by Thomas Burt, whose father acquired the property in 1798. The house is a typical late colonial/early Federalist center chimney layout, and retains many of its original features, despite a number of alterations. A 19th century piazza (porch) was removed early in the 20th century, and a Colonial Revival entry and brick stoop were added at the time in an apparent effort to restore the house's appearance. In 1834 Burt sold the property to Samuel Whitmarsh, under whose ownership the property reached its greatest extent. Whitmarsh planted mulberry trees and built a silk mill on the nearby Mill River. He sold the house and to the Northampton Association for Education and Industry (NAEI), who operated the property as an experiment in communal living until 1845. The farm next came into the hands of Austin Ross, whose family owned the property until 1902.
Under the Ross family ownership two outbuildings were built: a hay barn just east of the house and a tobacco drying barn on the northern end of the surviving property (both built c. 1880). A corn crib was added in the early 1900s, and a utilitarian concrete worker housing structure was added in the 1950s. None of the outbuildings contribute to the importance of the property. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
Utopian community and Underground Railroad.
The NAEI was part of a movement in the 1840s in which a number of communal living societies were established (one of the more well-known was Brook Farm outside Boston). One of the leaders of the NAEI was George Benson, brother-in-law to abolitionist firebrand William Lloyd Garrison. The organization operated the silk works begun by Whitmarsh, and provided a school, a store, and housing for the community members. Its membership peaked in 1844 with 120 members. It was operated on principles of equality, and most of its members were dedicated abolitionists. They in particular included African Americans in the community, a rarity for the time, including Sojourner Truth. The property has a well documented history as a major meeting point on the Underground Railroad.
Austin Ross came from Chaplin, Connecticut, and was, like the NAEI members, a committed abolitionist. The farm continued to act as a station on the Underground Railroad during his ownership.

</doc>
<doc id="18721740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721740" title="Porter-Phelps-Huntington House">
Porter-Phelps-Huntington House

Porter-Phelps-Huntington House is a historic house and museum located at 130 River Drive in Hadley, Massachusetts. It is open seasonally, from May to October. The house contains the collection of one extended family, with objects dating from the seventeenth to twentieth centuries. It was occupied from its construction in 1752 until the 1940s, when a member of the eighth generation of the family in the house turned it into a museum. Its collection is entirely derived from the family, and the extensive archives, including the original diary of Elizabeth Porter Phelps, are held at Amherst College.
The name of the museums derives from the unusual fact that the for the first three generations, the house passed through the female line, from a Porter to a Phelps to a Huntington.
The family was very prominent locally, dating back to the founding of Hadley in 1659. Some members of the extended family achieved prominence regionally, nationally, and internationally. These include Benjamin Lincoln, a major general in the Continental Army during the American Revolution; Frederic Dan Huntington, first Protestant Episcopal bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Central New York; and composer Roger Sessions.
The house was added to the National Historic Register in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18721747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721747" title="Spicer">
Spicer

Spicer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18721757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721757" title="Otis Company Mill No. 1">
Otis Company Mill No. 1

Otis Company Mill No. 1 is a historic mill on E. Main Street in Ware, Massachusetts, USA. The stone mill building was built in 1845 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was further listed as a contributing property to the Ware Millyard Historic District in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18721760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721760" title="Jaime Hill">
Jaime Hill

Jaime Hill (pronounced High-may) was the defensive coordinator for the BYU Cougars football team in Provo, Utah. He holds bachelor's degree from San Francisco State University.
Following a 1-4 start to the 2010 season, BYU fired Jaime on October 2, 2010 Currently he serves as defensive Coordinator at Portland State University.
Early Coaching Career.
Prior To BYU: 2004-05 Ottawa Renegades (CFL) co-defensive coordinator; 2003 Calgary Stampeders secondary coach; 2002 Humboldt State University defensive coordinator; 2001 (XFL) San Francisco Demons defensive coordinator; 1997-98 San Francisco 49ers (NFL) defensive assistant and secondary 1993-96 Portland State University defensive coordinator; 1992 University of Chicago defensive coordinator; 1990-91 Sonoma State secondary coach; 1989 Northern Arizona receivers and tight ends; 1988 UTEP graduate assistant; 1987 San Francisco State student assistant wide receivers.

</doc>
<doc id="18721765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721765" title="Monson Developmental Center">
Monson Developmental Center

The Monson Developmental Center is a historic site at 200 State Avenue in Monson, Massachusetts. The property, whose core has been in state control since 1854, has housed a variety of facilities for providing services to the indigent or sick since then.
In 1854 the Commonwealth of Massachusetts acquired of land in Monson, on which it erected an almshouse to provide facilities for poor immigrants fleeing the Irish Potato Famine. In 1855 it was renamed the State Farm School, and later the State Primary School, and it housed children who were wards of the state. It served in this role until 1887. In 1898 the state's Hospital for Epileptics opened on the grounds, using the old facilities and building several more buildings. Over the first half of the 20th century the facility was expanded, growing to 72 buildings on of land.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. Since then, its population has continued to decline, and the state in 2008 announced plans to close the facility. In 2012 the state relocated the last 31 residents, and began to consider the future of the property.

</doc>
<doc id="18721775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721775" title="The Town Farm">
The Town Farm

The Town Farm is a historic poor farm at 75 Oliver Street in Easthampton, Massachusetts. It was established in 1890 as an inexpensive way to provide for the town's indigent population. The main building was built in a manner typical of earlier Greek Revival poorhouses: a central five-bay 2.5 story main block was flanked by residential wings. This structure, however, includes Craftsman and Queen Anne details more typical of the late 19th century. The building exterior has only received modest alterations since its construction, the most notable being an addition to the west wing made by the Works Progress Administration in the 1930s.
The facility was operated as a farm until 1955, at which time the town sold of the agricultural equipment of the farm, and leased the agricultural land to local farmers. In 1974 the facility was formally named the "Town Lodging House". The town resisted an effort to bring the facility under state control in 1986; it remains the only facility of its type under local control in the state.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18721783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721783" title="Wollaston Islands (disambiguation)">
Wollaston Islands (disambiguation)

Wollaston Islands may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18721788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721788" title="James Oviatt Building">
James Oviatt Building

The James Oviatt Building, commonly referred to as The Oviatt Building, is an Art Deco highrise in Downtown Los Angeles located at 617 S. Olive Street, half a block south of 6th St. and Pershing Square. In 1983, the Oviatt Building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places. It is also designated as a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument.
The building is named after James Zera Oviatt (born in Farmington, Utah in 1888) who, in 1909, came from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles to work as a window dresser at C.C. Desmond's Department Store. In 1912, Mr. Oviatt and a colleague, hat salesman Frank Baird Alexander, launched their partnership in men’s clothing as the "Alexander & Oviatt" haberdashery, at 209 West Fourth Street in downtown Los Angeles. Their 'silent partner' was Frank Shaver Allen, a prominent (and wealthy) architect whose career had been destroyed by a sex scandal several years earlier.
During annual summer buying trips to Europe, James Oviatt found stylish clothing to bring back to his prospering Los Angeles store. With the emergence of French Art Deco in the 1920s, Mr. Oviatt found the architectural style that would embody the interior design of his 1928 "James Oviatt Building" and its penthouse. 
The Oviatt Building was designed by the Los Angeles architectural firm of Walker & Eisen. Excavation for the Oviatt Building's construction was begun in August 1927; the building was completed in May 1928. Its furnishings included a 12-ton illuminated glass cornice and glass arcade ceiling by architect Ferdinand Chanut and glassmaker Gaëtan Jeannin. René Lalique designed and created the molded glass elevator door panels, front and side doors, chandeliers, and a large panel clock. Many tons of 'Napoleon' marble and a massive, three-faced tower clock with chimes (manufactured by the pioneering electric clockmaker, "Ateliers Brillié Frères" ) were imported from France. 
Today, Cicada Restaurant is located in the huge, ornate Art Deco space on the building's ground floor and upstairs mezzanine. On most Sunday nights, the restaurant converts into a 1920s-'30s style nightclub, Maxwell DeMille's Cicada Club, complete with live bands/orchestras, singers, and dance floor. 
A feature-length documentary on the Oviatt Building's history was directed by Seth Shulman and written/produced by Marc Chevalier in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18721790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721790" title="Child sexual abuse">
Child sexual abuse

Child sexual abuse or child molestation is a form of child abuse in which an adult or older adolescent uses a child for sexual stimulation. Forms of child sexual abuse include asking or pressuring a child to engage in sexual activities (regardless of the outcome), indecent exposure (of the genitals, female nipples, etc.) to a child with intent to gratify their own sexual desires or to intimidate or groom the child, physical sexual contact with a child, or using a child to produce child pornography.
Child sexual abuse can occur in a variety of settings, including home, school, or work (in places where child labor is common). Child marriage is one of the main forms of child sexual abuse; UNICEF has stated that child marriage "represents perhaps the most prevalent form of sexual abuse and exploitation of girls". The effects of child sexual abuse can include depression, post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety, complex post-traumatic stress disorder, propensity to further victimization in adulthood, and physical injury to the child, among other problems. Sexual abuse by a family member is a form of incest, and can result in more serious and long-term psychological trauma, especially in the case of parental incest.
The global prevalence of child sexual abuse has been estimated at 19.7% for females and 7.9% for males, according to a 2009 study published in "Clinical Psychology Review" that examined 65 studies from 22 countries. Using the available data, the highest prevalence rate of child sexual abuse geographically was found in Africa (34.4%), primarily because of high rates in South Africa; Europe showed the lowest prevalence rate (9.2%); America and Asia had prevalence rates between 10.1% and 23.9%. In the past, other research has concluded similarly that in North America, for example, approximately 15% to 25% of women and 5% to 15% of men were sexually abused when they were children. Most sexual abuse offenders are acquainted with their victims; approximately 30% are relatives of the child, most often brothers, fathers, uncles or cousins; around 60% are other acquaintances, such as "friends" of the family, babysitters, or neighbors; strangers are the offenders in approximately 10% of child sexual abuse cases. Most child sexual abuse is committed by men; studies show that women commit 14% to 40% of offenses reported against boys and 6% of offenses reported against girls. Some sources report that most offenders who have sexually abused a prepubescent child are pedophiles, but some offenders who have sexually abused a prepubescent child do not meet the clinical diagnosis standards for pedophilia.
Under the law, "child sexual abuse" is an umbrella term describing criminal and civil offenses in which an adult engages in sexual activity with a minor or exploits a minor for the purpose of sexual gratification. The American Psychiatric Association states that "children cannot consent to sexual activity with adults", and condemns any such action by an adult: "An adult who engages in sexual activity with a child is performing a criminal and immoral act which never can be considered normal or socially acceptable behavior."
Effects.
Psychological effects.
Child sexual abuse can result in both short-term and long-term harm, including psychopathology in later life. Indicators and effects include depression, anxiety, eating disorders, poor self-esteem, somatization, sleep disturbances, and dissociative and anxiety disorders including post-traumatic stress disorder. While children may exhibit regressive behaviours such as a return to thumb-sucking or bed-wetting, the strongest indicator of sexual abuse is sexual acting out and inappropriate sexual knowledge and interest. Victims may withdraw from school and social activities and exhibit various learning and behavioural problems including cruelty to animals, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), conduct disorder, and oppositional defiant disorder (ODD). Teenage pregnancy and risky sexual behaviors may appear in adolescence. Child sexual abuse victims report almost four times as many incidences of self-inflicted harm.
A well documented long term negative effect is repeated or additional victimization in adolescence and adulthood. A causal relationship has been found between childhood sexual abuse and various adult psychopathologies, including crime and suicide, in addition to alcoholism and drug abuse. Males who were sexually abused as children more frequently appear in the criminal justice system than in a clinical mental health setting. A study comparing middle-aged women who were abused as children with non-abused counterparts found significantly higher health care costs for the former. Intergenerational effects have been noted, with the children of victims of child sexual abuse exhibiting more conduct problems, peer problems, and emotional problems than their peers.
A specific characteristic pattern of symptoms has not been identified and there are several hypotheses about the causality of these associations.
Studies have found that 51% to 79% of sexually abused children exhibit psychological symptoms. The risk of harm is greater if the abuser is a relative, if the abuse involves intercourse or attempted intercourse, or if threats or force are used. The level of harm may also be affected by various factors such as penetration, duration and frequency of abuse, and use of force. The social stigma of child sexual abuse may compound the psychological harm to children, and adverse outcomes are less likely for abused children who have supportive family environments.
Dissociation and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Child abuse, including sexual abuse, especially chronic abuse starting at early ages, has been found to be related to the development of high levels of dissociative symptoms, which includes amnesia for abuse memories. When severe sexual abuse (penetration, several perpetrators, lasting more than one year) had occurred, dissociative symptoms were even more prominent.
Besides dissociative identity disorder (DID) and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), child sexual abuse survivors may present borderline personality disorder (BPD) and eating disorders such as bulimia nervosa.
Research factors.
Because child sexual abuse often occurs alongside other possibly confounding variables, such as poor family environment and physical abuse, some scholars argue it is important to control for those variables in studies which measure the effects of sexual abuse. In a 1998 review of related literature, Martin and Fleming state "The hypothesis advanced in this paper is that, in most cases, the fundamental damage inflicted by child sexual abuse is due to the child's developing capacities for trust, intimacy, agency and sexuality, and that many of the mental health problems of adult life associated with histories of child sexual abuse are second-order effects." Other studies have found an independent association of child sexual abuse with adverse psychological outcomes.
Kendler et al. (2000) found that most of the relationship between severe forms of child sexual abuse and adult psychopathology in their sample could not be explained by family discord, because the effect size of this association decreased only slightly after they controlled for possible confounding variables. Their examination of a small sample of CSA-discordant twins also supported a causal link between child sexual abuse and adult psychopathology; the CSA-exposed subjects had a consistently higher risk for psychopathologic disorders than their CSA non-exposed twins.
A 1998 meta-analysis by Bruce Rind et al. generated controversy by suggesting that child sexual abuse does not always cause pervasive harm, that some college students reported such encounters as positive experiences and that the extent of psychological damage depends on whether or not the child described the encounter as "consensual." The study was criticized for flawed methodology and conclusions. The US Congress condemned the study for its conclusions and for providing material used by pedophile organizations to justify their activities.
Physical effects.
Injury.
Depending on the age and size of the child, and the degree of force used, child sexual abuse may cause internal lacerations and bleeding. In severe cases, damage to internal organs may occur, which, in some cases, may cause death. Herman-Giddens et al. found six certain and six probable cases of death due to child sexual abuse in North Carolina between 1985 and 1994. The victims ranged in age from 2 months to 10 years. Causes of death included trauma to the genitalia or rectum and sexual mutilation.
Infections.
Child sexual abuse may cause infections and sexually transmitted diseases. Depending on the age of the child, due to a lack of sufficient vaginal fluid, chances of infections are higher. Vaginitis has also been reported.
Neurological damage.
Research has shown that traumatic stress, including stress caused by sexual abuse, causes notable changes in brain functioning and development. Various studies have suggested that severe child sexual abuse may have a deleterious effect on brain development. Ito et al. (1998) found "reversed hemispheric asymmetry and greater left hemisphere coherence in abused subjects;" Teicher et al. (1993) found that an increased likelihood of "ictal temporal lobe epilepsy-like symptoms" in abused subjects; Anderson et al. (2002) recorded abnormal transverse relaxation time in the cerebellar vermis of adults sexually abused in childhood; Teicher et al. (1993) found that child sexual abuse was associated with a reduced corpus callosum area; various studies have found an association of reduced volume of the left hippocampus with child sexual abuse; and Ito et al. (1993) found increased electrophysiological abnormalities in sexually abused children.
Some studies indicate that sexual or physical abuse in children can lead to the overexcitation of an undeveloped limbic system. Teicher et al. (1993) used the "Limbic System Checklist-33" to measure ictal temporal lobe epilepsy-like symptoms in 253 adults. Reports of child sexual abuse were associated with a 49% increase to LSCL-33 scores, 11% higher than the associated increase of self-reported physical abuse. Reports of both physical and sexual abuse were associated with a 113% increase. Male and female victims were similarly affected.
Navalta et al. (2006) found that the self-reported math Scholastic Aptitude Test scores of their sample of women with a history of repeated child sexual abuse were significantly lower than the self-reported math SAT scores of their non-abused sample. Because the abused subjects verbal SAT scores were high, they hypothesized that the low math SAT scores could "stem from a defect in hemispheric integration." They also found a strong association between short term memory impairments for all categories tested (verbal, visual, and global) and the duration of the abuse.
Incest.
Incest between a child or adolescent and a related adult has been identified as the most widespread form of child sexual abuse with a huge capacity for damage to a child. One researcher stated that more than 70% of abusers are immediate family members or someone very close to the family. Another researcher stated that about 30% of all perpetrators of sexual abuse are related to their victim, 60% of the perpetrators are family acquaintances, like a neighbor, babysitter or friend and 10% of the perpetrators in child sexual abuse cases are strangers. A child sexual abuse offense where the perpetrator is related to the child, either by blood or marriage, is a form of incest described as "intrafamilial child sexual abuse".
The most-often reported form of incest is father–daughter and stepfather–daughter incest, with most of the remaining reports consisting of mother/stepmother–daughter/son incest. Father–son incest is reported less often; however it is not known if the actual prevalence is less or it is under-reported by a greater margin. Similarly, some argue that sibling incest may be as common, or more common, than other types of incest: Goldman and Goldman reported that 57% of incest involved siblings; Finkelhor reported that over 90% of nuclear family incest involved siblings; while Cawson et al. show that sibling incest was reported twice as often as incest perpetrated by fathers/stepfathers.
Prevalence of parental child sexual abuse is difficult to assess due to secrecy and privacy; some estimates state that 20 million Americans have been victimized by parental incest as children.
Commercial sexual exploitation of children.
Commercial sexual exploitation of children (CSEC) is defined by the Declaration of
the First World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in Stockholm in 1996, as "sexual abuse by an adult accompanied by remuneration in cash or in kind to the child or third person(s)." CSEC usually takes the form of child prostitution or child pornography, and is often facilitated by child sex tourism. CSEC is particularly a problem in developing countries of Asia. In recent years, new innovations in technology have facilitated the trade of Internet child pornography.
Types.
Child sexual abuse includes a variety of sexual offenses, including:
Disclosure.
Children who received supportive responses following disclosure had less traumatic symptoms and were abused for a shorter period of time than children who did not receive support. In general, studies have found that children need support and stress-reducing resources after disclosure of sexual abuse. Negative social reactions to disclosure have been found to be harmful to the survivor’s well being. One study reported that children who received a bad reaction from the first person they told, especially if the person was a close family member, had worse scores as adults on general trauma symptoms, post traumatic stress disorder symptoms, and dissociation. Another study found that in most cases when children did disclose abuse, the person they talked to did not respond effectively, blamed or rejected the child, and took little or no action to stop the abuse. Non-validating and otherwise non-supportive responses to disclosure by the child's primary attachment figure may indicate a relational disturbance predating the sexual abuse that may have been a risk factor for the abuse, and which can remain a risk factor for its psychological consequences.
The American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry provides guidelines for what to say to the victim and what to do following the disclosure. Asa Don Brown has indicated: "A minimization of the trauma and its effects is commonly injected into the picture by parental caregivers to shelter and calm the child. It has been commonly assumed that focusing on children’s issues too long will negatively impact their recovery. Therefore, the parental caregiver teaches the child to mask his or her issues."
Treatment.
The initial approach to treating a person who has been a victim of sexual abuse is dependant upon several important factors:
The goal of treatment is not only to treat current mental health issues, but to prevent future ones.
Children and adolescents.
Children often present for treatment in one of several circumstances, including criminal investigations, custody battles, problematic behaviors, and referrals from child welfare agencies.
The three major modalities for therapy with children and teenagers are family therapy, group therapy, and individual therapy. Which course is used depends on a variety of factors that must be assessed on a case by case basis. For instance, treatment of young children generally requires strong parental involvement, and can benefit from family therapy. Adolescents tend to be more independent, and can benefit from individual or group therapy. The modality also shifts during the course of treatment, for example group therapy is rarely used in the initial stages, as the subject matter is very personal and/or embarrassing.
Major factors that affect both the pathology and response to treatment include the type and severity of the sexual act, its frequency, the age at which it occurred, and the child’s family of origin. Roland C. Summit, a medical doctor had defined the different stages the victims of child sexual abuse go through, "Child Sexual Abuse Accommodation Syndrome". He suggested that children who are victims of sexual abuse depict a range of symptoms that include secrecy, helplessness, entrapment, accommodation, delayed and conflicted disclosure and recantation.
Adults.
Adults with a history of sexual abuse often present for treatment with a secondary mental health issue, which can include substance abuse, eating disorders, personality disorders, depression, and conflict in romantic or interpersonal relationships.
Generally the approach is to focus on the present problem, rather than the abuse itself. Treatment is highly varied and depends on the person’s specific issues. For instance, a person with a history of sexual abuse suffering from severe depression would be treated for depression. However, there is often an emphasis on cognitive restructuring due to the deep-seated nature of the trauma. Some newer techniques such as Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing (EMDR) have been shown to be effective.
Sexual abuse is associated with many sub-clinical behavioral issues as well, including re-victimization in the teenage years, a bipolar-like switching between sexual compulsion and shut-down, and distorted thinking on the subject of sexual abuse (for instance, that it is common and happens to everyone). When first presenting for treatment, the patient can be fully aware of their abuse as an event, but their "appraisal" of it is often distorted, such as believing that the event was unremarkable (a form of isolation). Frequently, victims do not make the connection between their abuse and their present pathology.
Offenders.
Demographics.
Offenders are more likely to be relatives or acquaintances of their victim than strangers. A 2006–2007 Idaho study of 430 cases found that 82% of juvenile sex offenders were known to the victims (acquaintances 46% or relatives 36%).
More offenders are male than female, though the percentage varies between studies. The percentage of incidents of sexual abuse by female perpetrators that come to the attention of the legal system is usually reported to be between 1% and 4%. Studies of sexual misconduct in US schools with female offenders have shown mixed results with rates between 4% to 43% of female offenders. Maletzky (1993) found that, of his sample of 4,402 convicted pedophilic offenders, 0.4% were female. Another study of a non-clinical population found that, among those in the their sample that had been molested, as much as a third were molested by women.
In U.S. schools, educators who offend range in age from "21 to 75 years old, with an average age of 28".
Typology.
Early research in the 1970s and 1980s began to classify offenders based on their motivations and traits. Groth and Birnbaum (1978) categorized child sexual offenders into two groups, "fixated" and "regressed." Fixated were described as having a primary attraction to children, whereas regressed had largely maintained relationships with other adults, and were even married. This study also showed that adult sexual orientation was not related to the sex of the victim targeted, e.g. men who molested boys often had adult relationships with women.
Later work (Holmes and Holmes, 2002) expanded on the types of offenders and their psychological profiles. They are divided as follows:
Causal factors.
Causal factors of child sex offenders are not known conclusively. The experience of sexual abuse as a child was previously thought to be a strong risk factor, but research does not show a causal relationship, as the vast majority of sexually abused children do not grow up to be adult offenders, nor do the majority of adult offenders report childhood sexual abuse. The US Government Accountability Office concluded, "the existence of a cycle of sexual abuse was not established." Before 1996, there was greater belief in the theory of a "cycle of violence," because most of the research done was retrospective—abusers were asked if they had experienced past abuse. Even the majority of studies found that most adult sex offenders said they had "not" been sexually abused during childhood, but studies varied in terms of their estimates of the percentage of such offenders who had been abused, from 0 to 79 percent. More recent prospective longitudinal research—studying children with documented cases of sexual abuse over time to determine what percentage become adult offenders—has demonstrated that the cycle of violence theory is not an adequate explanation for why people molest children.
Offenses may be facilitated by cognitive distortions of the offender, such as minimization of the abuse, victim blaming, and excuses.
Pedophilia.
The term "pedophilia" refers to persistent feelings of attraction in an adult or older adolescent toward prepubescent children, whether the attraction is acted upon or not. A person with this attraction is called a "pedophile".
In law enforcement, the term "pedophile" is sometimes used to describe those accused or convicted of child sexual abuse under sociolegal definitions of child (including both prepubescent children and adolescents younger than the local age of consent); however, not all child sexual offenders are pedophiles and not all pedophiles engage in sexual abuse of children. Law enforcement and legal professionals have begun to use the term "predatory pedophile", a phrase coined by children's attorney Andrew Vachss, to refer specifically to pedophiles who engage in sexual activity with minors. The term emphasizes that child sexual abuse consists of conduct chosen by the perpetrator.
Recidivism.
Recidivism rates for sex offenders are lower than for the general criminal population. Estimated rates among child sex offenders vary. One study found that 42% of offenders re-offended (either a sex crime, violent crime, or both) after they were released. Risk for re-offense was highest in the first 6 years after release, but continued to be significant even 10–31 years later, with 23% offending during this time. A study done in California in 1965 found an 18.2% recidivism rate for offenders targeting the opposite sex and a 34.5% recidivism rate for same-sex offenders after 5 years.
Child and young adolescent offenders.
When a prepubescent child is sexually abused by one or more other children or adolescent youths, and no adult is directly involved, it is defined as child-on-child sexual abuse. The definition includes any sexual activity between children that occurs without consent, without equality, or due to coercion, whether the offender uses physical force, threats, trickery or emotional manipulation to compel cooperation. When sexual abuse is perpetrated by one sibling upon another, it is known as "intersibling abuse", a form of incest.
Unlike research on adult offenders, a strong causal relationship has been established between child and adolescent offenders and these offenders' own prior victimization, by either adults or other children.
Prevalence.
Africa.
A ten-country school-based study in southern Africa in 2007 found 19.6% of female students and 21.1% of male students aged 11–16 years reported they had experienced forced or coerced sex. Rates among 16-year-olds were
28.8% in females and 25.4% in males. Comparing the same schools in eight countries between 2003 and 2007, age-standardised on the 2007 Botswana male sample, there was no significant decrease between 2003 and 2007 among females in any country and inconsistent changes among males.
The prevalence of child sexual abuse in Africa is compounded by the virgin cleansing myth that sexual intercourse with a virgin will cure a man of HIV or AIDS. The myth is prevalent in South Africa, Zimbabwe, Zambia and Nigeria and is being blamed for the high rate of sexual abuse against young children.
Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Child rape is on the rise in the war ravaged eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo. Aid workers blame combatants on all sides for a culture of sexual violence, who operate with much impunity.
South Africa.
South Africa has some of the highest incidences of child and baby rape in the world. A survey by CIET found around 11% of boys and 4% of girls admitted to forcing someone else to have sex with them. In a related survey conducted among 1,500 schoolchildren, a quarter of all the boys interviewed said that "jackrolling", a term for gang rape, was fun. More than 67,000 cases of rape and sexual assaults against children were reported in 2000 in South Africa, compared to 37,500 in 1998. Child welfare groups believe that the number of unreported incidents could be up to 10 times that number. The largest increase in attacks was against children under seven. The virgin cleansing myth is especially common in South Africa, which has the highest number of HIV-positive citizens in the world. Eastern Cape social worker Edith Kriel notes that "child abusers are often relatives of their victims – even their fathers and providers."
A number of high-profile baby rapes appeared since 2001 (including the fact that they required extensive reconstructive surgery to rebuild urinary, genital, abdominal, or tracheal systems). In 2001, a 9-month-old was raped and likely lost consciousness as the pain was too much to bear. In February 2002, an 8-month-old infant was reportedly gang raped by four men. One has been charged. The infant has required extensive reconstructive surgery. The 8-month-old infant's injuries were so extensive, increased attention on prosecution has occurred.
Asia Pacific.
Bangladesh.
In Bangladesh, child prostitutes are known to take the drug Oradexon, an over-the-counter steroid, usually used by farmers to fatten cattle, to make child prostitutes look larger and older. Charities say that 90% of prostitutes in the country’s legalized brothels use the drug. According to social activists, the steroid can cause diabetes, high blood pressure and is highly addictive.
India.
Nineteen percent of the world's children live in India, which constitutes 42 percent of India’s total population.
In 2007 the Ministry of Women and Child Development published the "Study on Child Abuse: India 2007." It sampled 12447 children, 2324 young adults and 2449 stakeholders across 13 states. It looked at different forms of child abuse: physical abuse, sexual abuse and emotional abuse and girl child neglect in five evidence groups, namely, children in a family environment, children in school, children at work, children on the street and children in institutions.
The study's main findings included: 53.22% of children reported having faced sexual abuse. Among them 52.94% were boys and 47.06% girls. Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Bihar and Delhi reported the highest percentage of sexual abuse among both boys and girls, as well as the highest incidence of sexual assaults. 21.90% of child respondents faced severe forms of sexual abuse, 5.69% had been sexually assaulted and 50.76% reported other forms of sexual abuse. Children on the street, at work and in institutional care reported the highest incidence of sexual assault. The study also reported that 50% of abusers are known to the child or are in a position of trust and responsibility and most children had not reported the matter to anyone. Despite years of lack of any specific child sexual abuse laws in India, which treated them separately from adults in case of sexual offense, the 'Protection of Children Against Sexual Offences Bill, 2011' was passed the Indian parliament on May 22, 2012, which came into force from 14 November 2012.
Papua New Guinea.
A study found that men with a history of victimization, especially having been raped or otherwise sexually coerced themselves, were more likely than otherwise to have participated in both single perpetrator and multiple perpetrator non-partner rape. Additionally, 57·5% (587/1022) of men who raped a non-partner committed their first rape as teenagers.
Taiwan.
In one survey, 2.5% of Taiwanese adolescents report having experienced childhood sexual abuse.
Uzbekistan.
UK Ambassador Craig Murray has written that the government of Uzbekistan, under president Islam Karimov, used child rape to force false confessions from prisoners.
United States and Europe.
Child sexual abuse occurs frequently in Western society. The rate of prevalence can be difficult to determine.
In the UK, a 2010 study estimated prevalence at about 5% for boys and 18% for girls (not dissimilar to a 1985 study that estimated about 8% for boys and 12% for girls). More than 23,000 incidents were recorded by the UK police between 2009 and 2010. Girls were six times more likely to be assaulted than boys with 86% of attacks taking place against them. The estimates for the United States vary widely. A literature review of 23 studies found rates of 3% to 37% for males and 8% to 71% for females, which produced an average of 17% for boys and 28% for girls, while a statistical analysis based on 16 cross-sectional studies estimated the rate to be 7.2% for males and 14.5% for females. The US Department of Health and Human Services reported 83,600 substantiated reports of sexually abused children in 2005. Including incidents which were not reported would make the total number even larger. According to Emily M. Douglas and David Finkelhor, "Several national studies have found that black and white children experienced near-equal levels of sexual abuse. Other studies, however, have found that both blacks and Latinos have an increased risk for sexual victimization".
Surveys have shown that one fifth to one third of all women reported some sort of childhood sexual experience with a male adult.
A 1992 survey studying father-daughter incest in Finland reported that of the 9,000 15-year old high school girls who filled out the questionnaires, of the girls living with their biological fathers, 0.2% reported father-daughter incest experiences; of the girls living with a stepfather, 3.7% reported sexual experiences with him. The reported counts included only father-daughter incest and did not include prevalence of other forms of child sexual abuse. The survey summary stated, "the feelings of the girls about their incestual experiences are overwhelmingly negative." Others argue that prevalence rates are much higher, and that many cases of child abuse are never reported. One study found that professionals failed to report approximately 40% of the child sexual abuse cases they encountered. A study by Lawson & Chaffin indicated that many children who were sexually abused were "identified solely by a physical complaint that was later diagnosed as a venereal disease...Only 43% of the children who were diagnosed with venereal disease made a verbal disclosure of sexual abuse during the initial interview." It has been found in the epidemiological literature on CSA that there is no identifiable demographic or family characteristic of a child that can be used to bar the prospect that a child has been sexually abused.
In schools.
In US schools, according to the United States Department of Education, "nearly 9.6% of students are targets of educator sexual misconduct sometime during their school career." In studies of student sex abuse by male and female educators, male students were reported as targets in ranges from 23% to 44%. In U.S. school settings same-sex (female and male) sexual misconduct against students by educators "ranges from 18–28% of reported cases, depending on the study"
Underreported forms.
Significant underreporting of sexual abuse of boys by both women and men is believed to occur due to sex stereotyping, social denial, the minimization of male victimization, and the relative lack of research on sexual abuse of boys. Sexual victimization of boys by their mothers or other female relatives is especially rarely researched or reported. Sexual abuse of girls by their mothers, and other related and/or unrelated adult females is beginning to be researched and reported despite the highly taboo nature of female–female child sex abuse. In studies where students are asked about sex offenses, they report higher levels of female sex offenders than found in adult reports. This underreporting has been attributed to cultural denial of female-perpetrated child sex abuse, because "males have been socialized to believe they should be flattered or appreciative of sexual interest from a female." Journalist Cathy Young writes that under-reporting is contributed to by the difficulty of people, including jurors, in seeing a male as a "true victim".
International law.
Child sexual abuse is outlawed nearly everywhere in the world, generally with severe criminal penalties, including in some jurisdictions, life imprisonment or capital punishment. An adult's sexual intercourse with a child below the legal age of consent is defined as statutory rape, based on the principle that a child is not capable of consent and that any apparent consent by a child is not considered to be legal consent.
The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC) is an international treaty that legally obliges states to protect children's rights. Articles 34 and 35 of the CRC require states to protect children from all forms of sexual exploitation and sexual abuse. This includes outlawing the coercion of a child to perform sexual activity, the prostitution of children, and the exploitation of children in creating pornography. States are also required to prevent the abduction, sale, or trafficking of children. As of November 2008, 193 countries are bound by the CRC, including every member of the United Nations except the United States and Somalia.
In the European Union, child sexual abuse is subject to a directive. This directive deals with several forms of sexual abuse of children, especially commercial sexual exploitation of children.
History.
Child sexual abuse has gained public attention in the past few decades and has become one of the most high-profile crimes. Since the 1970s the sexual abuse of children and child molestation has increasingly been recognized as deeply damaging to children and thus unacceptable for society as a whole. While sexual use of children by adults has been present throughout history, it has only become the object of significant public attention in recent times.
Early writings.
The first published work dedicated specifically to child sexual abuse appeared in France in 1857: "Medical-Legal Studies of Sexual Assault" "(Etude Médico-Légale sur les Attentats aux Mœurs)", by Auguste Ambroise Tardieu, the noted French pathologist and pioneer of forensic medicine.
The rise of public concern.
Child sexual abuse became a public issue in the 1970s and 1980s. Prior to this point in time, sexual abuse remained rather secretive and socially unspeakable. Studies on child molestation were nonexistent until the 1920s and the first national estimate of the number of child sexual abuse cases was published in 1948. By 1968 44 out of 50 U.S. states had enacted mandatory laws that required physicians to report cases of suspicious child abuse. Legal action began to become more prevalent in the 1970s with the enactment of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act in 1974 in conjunction with the creation of the National Center for Child Abuse and Neglect. Since the creation of the Child Abuse and Treatment Act, reported child abuse cases have increased dramatically. Finally, the National Abuse Coalition was created in 1979 to create pressure in congress to create more sexual abuse laws.
Second wave feminism brought greater awareness of child sexual abuse and violence against women, and made them public, political issues. Judith Lewis Herman, Harvard professor of psychiatry, wrote the first book ever on father-daughter incest when she discovered during her medical residency that a large number of the women she was seeing had been victims of father-daughter incest. Herman notes that her approach to her clinical experience grew out of her involvement in the civil rights movement. Her second book "Trauma and Recovery" coined the term complex post-traumatic stress disorder and included child sexual abuse as a possible cause.
In 1986, Congress passed the Child Abuse Victims' Rights Act, giving children a civil claim in sexual abuse cases. The number of laws created in the 1980s and 1990s began to create greater prosecution and detection of child sexual abusers. During the 1970s a large transition began in the legislature related to child sexual abuse. Megan's Law which was enacted in 2004 gives the public access to knowledge of sex offenders nationwide.
Anne Hastings described these changes in attitudes towards child sexual abuse as "the beginning of one of history's largest social revolutions."
According to John Jay College of Criminal Justice professor B.J. Cling,
"By the early 21st century, the issue of child sexual abuse has become a legitimate focus of professional attention, while increasingly separated from second wave feminism...As child sexual abuse becomes absorbed into the larger field of interpersonal trauma studies, child sexual abuse studies and intervention strategies have become degendered and largely unaware of their political origins in modern feminism and other vibrant political movements of the 1970s. One may hope that unlike in the past, this rediscovery of child sexual abuse that began in the 70s will not again be followed by collective amnesia. The institutionalization of child maltreatment interventions in federally funded centers, national and international societies, and a host of research studies (in which the United States continues to lead the world) offers grounds for cautious optimism. Nevertheless, as Judith Herman argues cogently, 'The systematic study of psychological trauma...depends on the support of a political movement.'" 
Civil lawsuits.
In the United States growing awareness of child sexual abuse has sparked an increasing number of civil lawsuits for monetary damages stemming from such incidents. Increased awareness of child sexual abuse has encouraged more victims to come forward, whereas in the past victims often kept their abuse secret. Some states have enacted specific laws lengthening the applicable statutes of limitations so as to allow victims of child sexual abuse to file suit sometimes years after they have reached the age of majority. Such lawsuits can be brought where a person or entity, such as a school, church or youth organization, was charged with supervising the child but failed to do so with child sexual abuse resulting. In the Catholic sex abuse cases the various Roman Catholic Diocese in the United States have paid out approximately $1 billion settling hundreds of such lawsuits since the early 1990s. There have also been lawsuits involving the American Religious Right. Crimes have allegedly gone unreported and victims were pressured into silence.
As lawsuits can involve demanding procedures there is a concern that children or adults who file suit will be re-victimized by defendants through the legal process, much as rape victims can be re-victimized by the accused in criminal rape trials. The child sexual abuse plaintiff's attorney Thomas A. Cifarelli has written that children involved in the legal system, particularly victims of sexual abuse and molestation, should be afforded certain procedural safeguards to protect them from harassment during the legal process.
In June 2008 in Zambia the issue of teacher-student sexual abuse and sexual assault was brought to the attention of the High Court of Zambia where a landmark case decision, with presiding Judge Philip Musonda, awarded $45million Zambian Kwacha ($13,000 USD) to the plaintiff, a 13-year-old girl for sexual abuse and rape by her school teacher. This claim was brought against her teacher as a "person of authority" who, as Judge Musonda stated, "had a moral superiority (responsibility) over his students" at the time.
A 2000 World Health Organization – Geneva report, “World Report on Violence and Health (Chap 6 – Sexual Violence)” states, “Action in schools is vital for reducing sexual and other forms of violence. In many countries a sexual relation between a teacher and a pupil is not a serious disciplinary offence and policies on sexual harassment in schools either do not exist or are not implemented. In recent years, though, some countries have introduced laws prohibiting sexual relations between teachers and pupils. Such measures are important in helping eradicate sexual harassment in schools. At the same time, a wider range of actions is also needed, including changes to teacher training and recruitment and reforms of curricula, so as to transform gender relations in schools.”
In March 2011 Europol, the European Police, in a mission called Operation Rescue, arrested 184 alleged members out of 670 identified, of an online paedophile ring and rescued 230 children which is considered as the biggest case of its kind.

</doc>
<doc id="18721803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721803" title="Off with Their Heads (album)">
Off with Their Heads (album)

Off with Their Heads is the third album by English rock band Kaiser Chiefs, and was released on 20 October 2008 in the UK, and on 25 August 2009 in the United States. The first single from the album was "Never Miss a Beat", released two weeks before the album. The album charted at number two on the UK Albums Chart during the week of 26 October 2008 and at number 16 in the Irish Albums Chart of the week of 24 October.
Background.
The album features guest appearances from several artists, including Lily Allen who provides backing vocals on "Always Happens Like That" and "Never Miss a Beat". She previously covered "Oh My God" on her first mixtape and later with Mark Ronson on his album "Version". Three members of the English indie band New Young Pony Club also feature on backing vocals on "Never Miss a Beat", Sway DaSafo raps one verse of "Half the Truth", and James Bond composer David Arnold, who performed with the band at 2007's BBC Electric Proms, also appears on the album. 
"Never Miss a Beat" and "You Want History" premiered on the band's UK Arena Tour in the Winter of 2007. The lyric "Off with their heads" appears in the first verse of "Like It Too Much". The album was uploaded with 30 second previews of each song, apart from "Never Miss a Beat" which included a full recording, on the music social networking site Last.fm on 9 October 2008. "Never Miss A Beat" appeared on Pro Evolution 2010, as did previous single Ruby, from "Yours Truly, Angry Mob".
Track listing.
All tracks written by Kaiser Chiefs.

</doc>
<doc id="18721818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721818" title="1980 in Namibia">
1980 in Namibia

1980 in Namibia refers to events that occurred in Namibia (also known as South West Africa) during 1980.
Military.
Operation Sceptic is launched during the South African Border War against SWAPO. 
The South West African Territorial Force, an auxiliary of the South African Defence Force (SADF), is formed on August 1. Conscription for all 18+ year old Namibians is put in place. 

</doc>
<doc id="18721820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721820" title="Scouting in North East England">
Scouting in North East England

Scouting in North East England is about Scouting in the official region of North East England. It is largely represented by the Scout Association of the United Kingdom and some Groups of traditional Scouting including the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association.
The Scout Association North East Region includes two official regions of Englands, North East England and Yorkshire and the Humber. The Scout Association North East Region contains eight Scout Counties. Cleveland, Durham and Northumberland are in the official region of North East England, while Humberside, Central Yorkshire, North Yorkshire, South Yorkshire and West Yorkshire are in the official region of Yorkshire and Humberside and are covered in Scouting in Yorkshire and the Humber.
Durham University Scout and Guide Group, and Tyne Universities Guides and Scouts (the Newcastle University and Northumbria University), affiliated with the Student Scout and Guide Organisation (SSAGO), are in this region. A notable Scout at Durham University was Professor John Alan Chalmers (1904–1967) who was Durham University Rover Scout Leader, Assistant County Commissioner and District Commissioner for Durham City, with his Scouting and scientific work recognised in his obituary by the Royal Meteorological Society.
History of Scouting in North East England.
The first official Scout Camp after the creation of the Scout Movement was at Humshaugh. In 2008, Jamboree 2008 an independent Jamboree, was held near the original site to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of the first official Scout Camp. A notable early Scout in Northumberland was Captain Cecil Victor 'Swannie' Swan, M.C. (1887–1964), a friend of Baden-Powell and a contingent leader to early Jamborees.
The Scout Association Counties.
The Scout Association in North East England is administered through three Scout Counties, Cleveland Scout County, Durham Scout County and Northumberland Scout County.
Cleveland Scout County.
Cleveland Scout County is concurrent with the area of Cleveland, England on the border between County Durham and North Yorkshire, and provides Scouting opportunities for young people and adults in the areas around Hartlepool, Stockton-on-Tees, and Middlesbrough.
The County is currently divided into 5 Scout Districts.
Durham Scout County.
Durham Scout County covers the political county of Durham and the southern half of Tyne and Wear.
The earliest record of Scouting in Durham City is 1910. At this time there were 6 Scout Groups and 140 Scouts. By 1936 there were 24 Scout Groups stretching from Waterhouses to Cornsay and Pittington. Over the years the various Scout Groups across the district have opened, closed, merged and reformed. 4th Durham Scouts were founded in their present form 1926 and 5th Durham Scouts two years later. Some signs of the Scout Groups which have now closed can still be seen in the current Group numbering system for example, 3rd Durham (founded 1953) and 6th Durham (founded 1930) merged in 1966 to become 9th Durham Scout Group. In 2006 the 1st Durham Group and 9th Durham Groups merged to form the 19th Durham Scout Group. According to the 2012 Census there are currently more than 500 young people involved with Scouting in Durham City and District.
The County is divided into 14 Scout Districts:
At the 2012 Census there were over 5,500 young people involved in Scouting in Durham County being supported by over 1,000 adults.
Northumberland Scout County.
Northumberland Scout County covers the political counties of Northumberland and part of Tyne and Wear. the County has introduced an award for Groups, to give them goals and create a more efficient and better group. The award "The County Standard" is gained by achieving a number of goals/targets published every year by County. 2nd Seaton Delaval Scout Group was the first to achieve this award.
The County is divided into eleven Scout Districts:
Northumberland Scout County organises Caud Marra, an annual winter camp at Hawkhirst Scout Activity Centre in Kielder Forest for the Scout section, and fun days for Beavers.
Campsites.
The Cleveland Scout Association County Camp Site is Ravengill Campsite].
Stockton District Campsite is "Pybus". 'Seeonee Lair' (Kettleness) Activity Centre is the responsibility of the East Cleveland Scout District.
Moor House Adventure Centre is run by Durham Scout Associaion County. It is licensed by the Adventure Activities Licensing Scheme.
A number of camping and indoor accommodation is available within Northumbersland. These include the Ford Scout Campsite and Powburn Adventure Centre].
Former Scout Campsites from the North East Region:
Gosforth Park, that was situated close to the race course in Newcastle.

</doc>
<doc id="18721824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721824" title="Kentron (disambiguation)">
Kentron (disambiguation)

Kentron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18721825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721825" title="Master of the Hawks">
Master of the Hawks

The office of Master of the Hawks (or Master Falconer) was created on the English Restoration in 1660. During Charles II's reign, the Master's salary was £390 per annum (approximately £42,000 in 2007); in William III's reign, it was increased to £1500 (approximately £161,900 in 2007). The office was abolished on the accession of Anne in 1702 and the master, the Duke of St Albans, was granted a pension.

</doc>
<doc id="18721854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721854" title="Ernest Perry (cricketer)">
Ernest Perry (cricketer)

Ernest Harvey Perry (16 January 1908–23 October 1996) was an English cricketer who played ten first-class games for Worcestershire between 1933 and 1946. He also appeared in the Minor Counties Championship for Staffordshire between 1926 and 1946.
Perry's highest score in first-class cricket was the 46 he made near the end of his career, against Glamorgan in 1946,
although in 1934 he had scored 157 for Staffordshire against Cheshire at Stoke-on-Trent.
His best first-class bowling return was the 5-42 he claimed in the first innings against Leicestershire at Kidderminster in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="18721861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721861" title="Amazonian languages">
Amazonian languages

Amazonian languages is the term used to refer to the indigenous languages of the Amazon. They are a heterogeneous group of languages that belong to separate families and don't have a phylogenetic similarity. Nevertheless, there are certain typological features in common, due to continuous contact between the different families. Because of this some authors propose to speak of the amazon linguistic area.
Introduction.
From a cultural perspective the Amazonian rainforest is one of the most diverse linguistic regions of the planet. In the Amazon Basin 300 languages were spoken at the end of the 20th century. The indigenous villages that speak these languages belong to separate language families. There are around 20 distinct families, and a clear phylogenetic relation hasn't been proven, suggesting cultural as much as linguistic diversity that goes back millennia. This diversity was maintained, in part, due to the fact that the Amazonian regions never had organized societies or empires that lasted long enough to have a mitigating effect in regards to culture and language. The large language families of the region are:
Besides these phylogenetic linguistic groups, there are a number of important small language families that haven´t been categorized in relation to these and therefore are considered independent groups.
Multilingualism was (and is) the norm among Amazonian Indians.
History of the Amazonian villages.
The majority of the Amazon Basin and the Orinoco are the lowlands of a tropical rainforest, rich in edible vegetables and animals. Archeologists estimate that this territory has been populated for less than 12,000 years. The entire population of the area would have arrived only a couple millennia ago. The principle source of protein is fish, supplemented by hunting pecaris, tapirs, rodents and monkeys. The domestication of plants, at first concentrated in the bitter yuca root, dates back 5,000 years. Agricultural expansion, with its version of slash and burn cultivation, began in the mountainsides of the western Andes and was brought to the majority of the main rivers in the Amazon. The villages based on hunting and gathering were pushed to the more inaccessible areas.
Each linguistic group tends to share certain characteristics relative to the type of territory they occupy, the mode of production and the type of cultural materialism. For example, practically all the ethnic groups of the Arawakan, Cariban, and Tupi families occupy areas of tropical rainforest, extensively use agriculture and make canoes, hammocks, and ceramics. On the other hand, the Yê ethnic groups usually live in grasslands, have little agriculture and don't make canoes, hammocks, or ceramics. Nevertheless, they have a more complex social organization. Scattered among the farming villages, in the heart of the jungle, live hunter-gatherers that belong to minor language families, such as the Nadahup, Pirahã and Guajiboan families, more or less the direct descendents of the first hunter-gatherers.
Some groups, especially the agriculturally based ones, have been particularly aggressive and are prone to attack their neighbors. Nevertheless, symbiotic relations exist between different groups: for example the Tucanoans, who are agricultural based, trade with the Nadahup, who are hunter-gatherers. The latter provide animal meat from the jungle and poison obtained from fish, and in exchange receive yuca grain from the Tucanoan plantations, as well as ceramics. Even so, the Nadahup are considered "inferior" by the Tucanoans and aren't considered in inter-ethic marriage like the Tucanoans do with other ethnic groups.
The Europeans burst in on the region in the 16th century, quickly taking control of the coastal areas and the main rivers as far as they were navigable. The indigenous population began to drastically diminish around 1900; it is estimated that the population was only a 10th of what it had been in 1500 (estimated at between 2 and 5 million). The majority of this loss of life was involuntary, due to European diseases the native Amazonian population didn't have immunity to. The Europeans also used the native Amazonians as slaves. There are testimonies of the Europeans navigating upriver from the mouth of the Amazon, capturing entire tribes and carrying them downriver to the plantations where they worked under difficult conditions, dying in a few years. The Europeans, due to their superior weapons, were able to take whatever piece of land they wanted. Previously the incursions of the colonists were motivated by the possession of resources like rubber or certain minerals, that frequently were preceded by violent actions against the indigenous Amazonians.

</doc>
<doc id="18721862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721862" title="Trinity Islands">
Trinity Islands

One of the Baffin Island offshore island groups, the uninhabited Trinity Islands are located in Foxe Basin, west of Lonebutte Bay. They are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18721906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721906" title="Roosevelt Building">
Roosevelt Building

The Roosevelt Building is a highrise building in Downtown Los Angeles built in 1926. It was designed by Claude Beelman and Alexander Curlett in a Renaissance Revival style. It was later converted to lofts. 
In 2007, the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18721911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721911" title="Trinity Island (disambiguation)">
Trinity Island (disambiguation)

Trinity Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18721930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721930" title="Alisa M. Flatow Yeshiva High School">
Alisa M. Flatow Yeshiva High School

Bat Torah - The Alisa M. Flatow Yeshiva High School was a private Jewish day school located in Suffern, New York. In May 2011, the school had planned to move to the Teaneck Jewish Center. On July 25, 2011, it was reported that the school would not be opening for the 2011-2012 academic year. Mrs. Miriam Bak, the principal, cited an unexpected drop in 11th grade enrollment and higher than expected moving costs as the reasons for closing.
Bas Torah, as it was originally called, opened in 1978. Miriam Bak became head of the school in 1981 and renamed the school to Bat Torah Academy. In 2000, The school was renamed to Bat Torah - The Alisa M. Flatow Yeshiva High School after Alisa Flatow, a New Jersey student killed in the Egged bus 36 bombing in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18721941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721941" title="Carura">
Carura

Carura (Gr. ) was an ancient town of Asia Minor on the north-eastern border of Caria.
Its position east of the range of Cadmus assigns it to Phrygia, under which country Strabo describes it. It was on the south side of the Maeander River, 20 miles west of Laodicea to Ephesus. The place is identified by the hot springs, about 12 miles northwest of Denizli, which have been described by the scholars Pococke and Chandler. Strabo observed that Carura contained many inns (), which is explained by the fact of its being on a line of great traffic, by which the wool and other products of the interior were taken down to the coast. He added that it has hot springs, some in the Maeander, and some on the banks of the river.
All this tract is subject to earthquakes; and there was a story, reported by Strabo, that as a brothel keeper was lodging in the inns with a great number of his women, they were all swallowed up one night by the earth opening. Henry William Chandler observed on the spot a jet of hot water, which sprung up several inches from the ground; and also the remains of an ancient bridge over the river. On the road between Carura and Laodicea was the temple of Men Carus, a Carian deity; and in the time of Strabo there was a noted Herophilean school of medicine here, under the presidency of Zeuxis, and then Alexander Philalethes. Chandler discovered some remains on the road to Laodicea, which, he supposes, may be the traces of this temple; but he states nothing that confirms this conjecture.
Herodotus mentions a place called "Cydrara", to which Xerxes came on his road from Colossae to Sardes. It was the border between Lydia and Phrygia, and the Lydian king Croesus fixed a stele there with an inscription on it, which declared the boundary. Classical scholar William Martin Leake thought that the Cydrara of Herodotus may be Carura. It could not be far off; but the boundary between Lydia and Phrygia should perhaps not be located south of the Maeander in this region.

</doc>
<doc id="18721961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721961" title="Yett">
Yett

A yett (from the Old English and Scots language word for "gate") is a gate or grille of latticed wrought iron bars used for defensive purposes in castles and tower houses. Unlike a portcullis, which is raised and lowered vertically using mechanical means, yetts are hinged in the manner of a traditional gate or door, and secured by bolts attached to the yett, or by long bars drawn out from the wall or gateway.
Geographical distribution.
Yetts are predominantly found in Scotland – where most towers, particularly the later ones, were equipped with them rather than portcullises – but some iron gates are found in the Border counties of England. While few references to yetts exist outside Scotland, an English report of 1416 on Roxburgh Castle (then in English hands) contained recommendations for the insertion of iron gates. Yetts are not restricted to any one region or district within Scotland, but are widespread throughout.
Similar grille constructions, frequently also referred to as yetts, were used in Scotland over windows and other openings. These were typically fixed in place, often set into the jambs, sills and lintels.
Origins and use.
The earliest references to yetts date from the 14th century. Exchequer Rolls from 1377 refer to a "fabricated iron gate", part of the defences for David's Tower in Edinburgh Castle. Yetts were also appearing in other castles at about the same time. Craigmillar, built soon after 1374, reputedly contained a yett, and Doune Castle (c. 1380) still retains its original double-leafed yett; a similar double-leafed yett is present at Balvenie, but its age is uncertain. By the 15th century, yetts and window-grilles had become standard features within Scottish castles and towers.
The yett was frequently used as cheaper alternative to the portcullis, since it was simpler in concept, less cumbersome and more practical. However, it was also used within more complex defensive arrangements. The 14th-century castle at Doune, in Perthshire, had a portcullis in the main gateway supplemented by a yett, with a second yett at the far bailey end of the passage. The yetts each had two leaves, with a wicket gate inserted within one of the leaves. Commonly, the yett would be placed behind a wooden door, providing additional security should the outer door be burned.
Being a defensive structure, royal warrants were required before a yett could be added to any house or castle. These were frequently issued with other licenses for defensive features; for example, in 1501 John Murray of Cockpool was given a licence to build a tower at Comlongon with machicolations and "irneztteis and windois". Aggressors might attempt to remove yetts: in February 1489 the Hepburns in Stirlingshire brought an action against the Grahams who had taken away the iron yett of Bruce's Tower in order to gain possession. 
Following the Union of the Crowns in 1603, efforts were made by the government to control the disorder and reiving in the borders. In November 1606 it was recognised that one of the impediments to the administration of justice in the area was the strength of the houses. Consequently, the Privy Council ordered that all yetts should be removed from all houses belonging to those lower in rank than barons.
Construction.
In Scotland, yetts were traditionally made using a "through and through" construction, with both horizontal and vertical bars either woven alternatively around or through each other, creating a structure almost impossible to dismantle. The grille was left open. The usual method was to build the yett in quadrants with all the bars in a quadrant passing either vertically or horizontally through the mating bars as shown in the photograph. This method of construction for gates is not seen outside Scotland, although window grilles constructed in this manner are found in northern Italy and Tyrol. 
Grated windows in the Scottish style were traditional in Tyrol in the 15th century, and similar window grilles are seen a century later in Venice, particularly the 16th century Palazzo Ducale (although the bars are somewhat larger than those used in Scotland). It is likely the craft spread south from Tyrol to the Venetian Republic, but little apparent connection to the earlier Scottish technology, although there was some trade between Scotland and Germany.
Grated iron doors were found in England, but were constructed using a different method. For the English-style gate, the vertical bars all passed in front of the horizontal bars, and were riveted or fixed in place; the spaces were infilled with oak, making the gate solid. One notable exception, however, is constructed using the Scottish method: a yett from Streatlam Castle, now held at Bowes Museum. Streatlam was rebuilt by Sir George Bowes following damage in the 16th century; the Bowes family had connections in Scotland, which may have inspired the yett construction.
Since yetts were immensely heavy, and there is little evidence to suggest they were prefabricated, it is possible that many were made locally rather than transported large distances, either by local smiths or itinerant specialists. However, the yetts and window grilles of Scottish royal palaces were made to measure in the smithy of the royal artillery at Edinburgh Castle and transported to houses like Falkland Palace, Hamilton Palace and Linlithgow Palace, and some for Stirling Castle were made in Linlithgow. Conventionally, window-grilles were built into the stone window-frames.
Costs.
Some price data for the comparative cost of yetts survive in old accounts. In 1515, Robert Scott, smith, his brother and workman were paid £8-8s Scots for working yetts for Hume Castle. The iron cost itself cost £17-6s with £1 worth of coal. Records show that a yett constructed in 1568 for Kilravock Castle by a local smith weighed 34 stone, 3 lb, and cost £34-3s-9d and "three bolls meal, ane stane butter, and ane stane cheese."

</doc>
<doc id="18721974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721974" title="New Hampshire Lady Phantoms">
New Hampshire Lady Phantoms

New Hampshire Lady Phantoms were a W-League club based in Manchester, New Hampshire, USA, associated with the Men's USL team, the New Hampshire Phantoms. The team folded after the 2006 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18721993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721993" title="Kyustendil dialect">
Kyustendil dialect

The Kyustendil dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, member of the Southwestern Bulgarian dialects, which is spoken in the region of Kyustendil in central western Bulgaria. It borders on the Transitional dialects to the north, the Dupnitsa dialect to the east and the Blagoevgrad-Petrich dialect to the south. It is closely related to the Dupnitsa dialect.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Southwestern dialects, cf. Southwestern Bulgarian dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_zap_2.htm#kjustendilski]

</doc>
<doc id="18721996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18721996" title="Title Guarantee and Trust Company Building">
Title Guarantee and Trust Company Building

The Title Guarantee and Trust Company Building is an Art Deco style highrise building on Pershing Square in Downtown Los Angeles that was built in 1930. The building was designed by The Parkinsons who also designed many Los Angeles landmarks, including Los Angeles City Hall and Bullocks Wilshire. Originally an office building, the structure was later converted into lofts. In 1984, the building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places. 
Location shots of the building were featured in the CBS television drama series Lou Grant (TV series) (1977–82), in which it was purported to house the Los Angeles Tribune, the fictional newspaper around which the series was based.
Vampire P.I., Mick St John purportedly lived and maintained his office on the top floor of the building in CBS' Vampire P.I. Drama, Moonlight (TV series) (2007-2008).

</doc>
<doc id="18722004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722004" title="Murchad mac Máele Dúin">
Murchad mac Máele Dúin

Murchad mac Máele Dúin (flourished 819–833) was a King of Ailech and head of the Cenél nEógain branch of the northern Uí Néill. He was the son of Máel Dúin mac Áedo Alláin (died 788), a previous king and grandson of Áed Allán (died 743), a high king of Ireland. He ruled from 819–823.
He succeeded to the throne of Ailech upon the death of his cousin, the high king Áed Oirdnide in 819. However the high kingship passed back to the Clann Cholmáin of the southern Ui Neill in the person of Conchobar mac Donnchada (died 833). Murchad meanwhile had to deal with a challenge for supremacy among the northern Ui Neill. In 819 he defeated Máel Bresail mac Murchada of the rival Cenél Conaill who was slain in the skirmish.
In 820 Murchad made a bid for the high kingship and led a hosting of the northern Uí Néill to Druim ind Eich (near modern Dublin) while Conchobor with the southern Uí Néill and the Laigin moved northwards. However no battle ensued. In 822 Murchad made another bid for the high kingship and advanced with the men of the north to Ard Brecáin (County Meath). The men of Brega led by Diarmait mac Néill (died 826) of the Uí Chernaig sept of Síl nÁedo Sláine then went over secretly to Murchad and submitted to him at Druim Fergusa. Conchobor son of Donnchad invaded Brega and camped at Gualu. He invaded southern Brega again and a vast number of the men of southern Brega fell by him, and the Uí Chernaig submitted under compulsion. Murchad had Cumuscach son of Tuathal, king of Ard Ciannachta assassinated in 822 probably in retaliation for his failure.
In 823 Murchad's failures led to his deposition by his second cousin Niall Caille (died 846). Murchad seems to have accepted his fate and he is last heard of cooperating with Niall in routing out the Vikings in Daire Calgaig (Derry) in 833.
Murchad may have had a Norse wife and the genealogies name Erulb as his son which corresponds to old Norse "Herulfr". Another son Ruadrí was father of Birn, ancestor of Clann Birn (or Muinter Birn) in the barony of Dungannon, County Tyrone.

</doc>
<doc id="18722015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722015" title="Jimmy Jones (ice hockey)">
Jimmy Jones (ice hockey)

James Harrison Jones (born January 2, 1953) is a retired professional ice hockey player.
Jones was drafted by the Boston Bruins in the 1973 NHL Amateur Draft, as well as the Vancouver Blazers in the 1973 WHA Amateur Draft. He began his professional career with the Blazers the following season. After playing parts of two seasons with the Blazers he signed a contract with the American Hockey League's Rochester Americans.
He played in the National Hockey League for the first time in 1977, after signing a contract with the Toronto Maple Leafs on the October 25. He played two seasons on the Maple Leafs' checking line with Jerry Butler and Pat Boutette. 
He returned to the Americans in 1980, playing one final season before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="18722022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722022" title="Tom Bruno">
Tom Bruno

Thomas Michael Bruno (born January 26, 1953) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He batted right-handed and threw right-handed. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He played parts of four seasons in the majors from until for the Kansas City Royals, Toronto Blue Jays, and St. Louis Cardinals.
Bruno is currently a United States Coast Guard Master Captain and the owner of Major League Adventures, LLC, a hunting and fishing guide service and outfitter based in Pierre, South Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="18722030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722030" title="Sudbury Canadians">
Sudbury Canadians

The Sudbury Canadians were a women's soccer team based in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada. The team played its home games in Cambrian College. They played only 3 seasons in the W-League. In its three seasons, the team relied predominantly on local talent. The team folded after the 2006 season but the other level programs continue.
Today, the Sudbury Canadians Soccer Club operates competitive teams of all ages and participates in the Sudbury Regional Soccer League and the Ontario Soccer Association (OSA). The club is dedicated to the promotion of young girls soccer.

</doc>
<doc id="18722042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722042" title="HD 187923">
HD 187923

HD 187923 is a variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="18722050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722050" title="Brevard County Cocoa Expos">
Brevard County Cocoa Expos

Brevard County Cocoa Expos is an American women’s soccer team, founded in XXXX. The team is a member of the Women's Premier Soccer League, the third tier of women’s soccer in the United States and Canada. The team plays in the Sunshine Conference.
The team plays its home games at the Cocoa Municipal Stadium in Cocoa, Florida. The club's colors are blue and white.
The team used to play in the USL W-League as the Cocoa Expos Women, and were associated with the now defunct men's USL team, Cocoa Expos.

</doc>
<doc id="18722088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722088" title="Period Pains">
Period Pains

Period Pains were a British alternative rock band formed in 1996. They achieved notoriety in 1997 after releasing the single "Spice Girls (Who Do You Think You Are?)", a play on the Spice Girls single title. The track was an attack on what they saw as the Spice Girls' shallow attitudes, and was heavily plugged by John Peel and Steve Lamacq on BBC Radio 1. The UK's tabloid newspapers also picked up on the band As a result, it made the UK Singles Chart with practically no advertising, and reached No.4 in Peel's annual end-of-year Festive Fifty. They then recorded a session for Peel, which was released as an EP. 
They opened the Reading Festival in 1997 on the Dr. Marten's Stage.

</doc>
<doc id="18722101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722101" title="Yvon L'Heureux">
Yvon L'Heureux

Yvon L'Heureux (20 March 1914 – 29 May 1984) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a manufacturer and merchant by career.
He was first elected at the Chambly—Rouville riding in the 1957 general election. After serving his term in the 23rd Canadian Parliament, L'Heureux was defeated in the 1958 election by Maurice Johnson of the Progressive Conservative Party.
L'Heureux returned to Parliament in a 31 May 1971 by-election at the Chambly riding following the death of incumbent Liberal member Bernard Pilon. After re-election in the 1972 federal election, L'Heureux returned to serve his term in the 29th Parliament. After this, he left federal office in 1974 and did not campaign in that year's federal election.

</doc>
<doc id="18722120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722120" title="Arizona Heatwave">
Arizona Heatwave

The Arizona Heatwave were an American women's soccer team, founded in 2003, which played in the USL W-League for three years, until 2005, when they left the league and the franchise was terminated. 
The Heatwave played their home games in the stadium at Sandra Day O'Connor High School in the city of Glendale, Arizona. The team's colors were green and white.
Final Squad.
"vs Denver Lady Cougars, 15 July 2005"
Coaches.
Defense Coach Eltringham
Stadia.
Defense coach Alan Eltringham

</doc>
<doc id="18722137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722137" title="Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, Los Angeles Branch">
Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, Los Angeles Branch

The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, Los Angeles Branch is the Southern California branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco located on Grand Avenue and Olympic Blvd. in Los Angeles. Its original building is a historic-cultural monument, built in 1929 on Olympic Boulevard and Olive Street in Downtown Los Angeles. It was designed by The Parkinsons in a Moderne style. A newer adjacent structure structure housing the Federal Reserve Bank branch in Los Angeles was designed by Dan Dworsky and opened in the 1990s. The original building, now a loft, was also listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18722149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722149" title="Pippa Mann">
Pippa Mann

Pippa Mann (born 11 August 1983) is a British racing car driver, who competed in the IZOD IndyCar Series. She was born in London, United Kingdom.
Career.
Mann began her single–seater career in 2003, after signing a three–race contract with Manor Motorsport to race in the winter series of the British Formula Renault Championship.
In 2004, she signed with Team JVA and completed a full season. She also competed a European Formula Renault event in Zolder.
In 2005, she signed a two–year contract to drive for Comtec Racing in the Formula Renault Eurocup as well as racing in that year's French Formula Renault 2.0 series. Pippa partnered Westley Barber for the UK based team and learnt a lot during the year.
In 2006 she raced in the UK Formula Renault 2.0 Championship as well as the Eurocup again for race team Comtec Racing, continuing the partnership with John Barnett and Murdoch Cockburn.
In January 2007, Mann signed for "Cram by P1 Europe" to become the first female to race in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series. In her debut year she managed to score a point and also start from pole position. She competed in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series in 2008 as well, still driving for P1 Motorsport team.
Mann signed to drive for Panther Racing in the 2009 Firestone Indy Lights series, the development series for the IndyCar Series.
During her debut season with Panther Racing, Mann scored a string of top-15 finishes, including three top-ten results. However a decision to close the Panther Racing Indy Lights team left her without a 2010 drive.
In December 2009, after deciding to remain in Indianapolis and find a place in another team, Mann confirmed that she would be joining Sam Schmidt Motorsports for the 2010 Firestone Indy Lights series. In 2010 she became the first female pole sitter for a race at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway by heading the grid for the Indy Lights Freedom 100, and won her first race at Kentucky Speedway.
On Tuesday, March 1, 2011, Mann tested for the Indianapolis–based IZOD IndyCar Series team Conquest Racing at Texas Motor Speedway, and on April 19, she announced that she would be piloting the #36 entry for Conquest Racing in the 2011 Indianapolis 500. On Sunday, May 22, (Bump Day) Mann qualified 32nd for the 2011 Indianapolis 500, becoming the first British woman ever to qualify for the 500–mile race. During the race, she moved up 12 positions to finish in 20th place, despite a mechanical problem with her on-board water supply that left her severely dehydrated by the end of the race. She was sponsored in the race by Armando Montelongo, former star of the television show Flip This House.
On 13 August 2011, during the final day of practice for the MoveThatBlock.com Indy 225 at New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Mann crashed and suffered an end-plate fracture of the C7 vertebra, but competed on 2 October in the Kentucky Indy 300.
On 16 October 2011, Mann was involved in a 15 car chain reaction crash at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. Mann sustained severe burns to her right little finger and was transported by ground ambulance to a Las Vegas area hospital, where she was admitted for treatment and released the next day, pending later surgery. The crash claimed the life of two-time winner of the Indianapolis 500 Dan Wheldon, and also sent JR Hildebrand to hospital with a bruised sternum.
In 2012, Mann was "close" to attempt qualifying at the Indianapolis 500 for Dale Coyne Racing. The team signed her as third driver for the 2013 edition.
In 2013 Mann qualified 30th for the 97th annual Indianapolis 500 very close to her Dale Coyne Racing teammate Ana Beatriz. She signed on to make 3 more large oval race starts with Dale Coyne Racing.
Mann also commentates for IndyCar Radio on the Firestone Indy Lights series.
Motorsports career results.
American open–wheel racing results.
Indianapolis 500.
Mann almost qualified on pole day in 2013 but Dale Coyne had her come in so that Ana Beatriz could go out.

</doc>
<doc id="18722158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722158" title="Marvin Kent">
Marvin Kent

Marvin Kent (September 21, 1816 – December 10, 1908) was a railroad president and businessman from Portage County, Ohio, USA, and namesake of the city of Kent, Ohio, which was previously known as Franklin Mills.
Biography.
Marvin Kent was born in Ravenna, Ohio, and was heavily involved in the business dealings of his father Zenas Kent from a very young age. During the 1860s he was instrumental in establishing the Atlantic and Great Western Railroad and having the railroad shops located in the village of Franklin Mills. The village was named after him shortly thereafter in 1864. Kent also served as a bank president and as an Ohio state senator from the Republican party. He died in Kent, Ohio, in 1908.
Relatives.
Kent's father Zenas had several business ventures during the 1830s-1850s in Franklin Mills and briefly operated a tannery with John Brown. He also had considerable land holdings and built a four-story commercial block in what is now downtown Kent in 1837 that was said to have been the tallest building in Ohio at the time. He eventually would relocate to Franklin Mills in 1851. Marvin Kent's son William Stewart Kent played a key role in the establishment of Kent State University in 1910 by donating the land for the original campus.

</doc>
<doc id="18722175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722175" title="Middle Savage Islands">
Middle Savage Islands

One of the Baffin Island offshore island groups, the Middle Savage Islands are located in Hudson Strait, southwest of Bond Inlet. They are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18722183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722183" title="Luke Madill">
Luke Madill

Luke Madill (born 28 May 1980 in Sydney) is an Australian BMX cyclist who was selected to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. As preparation for the Olympics, Madill built a replica of the Beijing BMX course on his property at Cranebrook in western Sydney.
Madill often goes by the nickname "Dr Smooth", due to his speed and smoothness in all aspects of racing. Madill attended the primary school Samuel Terry Public School

</doc>
<doc id="18722203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722203" title="Mispillion">
Mispillion

Mispillion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18722208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722208" title="Downtown Roanoke">
Downtown Roanoke

Downtown is the central business district of Roanoke, Virginia, United States. Located geographically at the center of the city, Downtown began its development with the completion of the Shenandoah Valley Railroad in 1882. Today the Downtown core is noted as the center of business for the Roanoke Valley, the Roanoke City Market, the Roanoke Downtown Historic District and many other attractions and amenities.
Location.
Geographically, downtown Roanoke is defined by the city as the area bound by Interstate 581 on the east, 5th Street to the west, the Norfolk and Western railroad tracks to the north and Day Avenue to the south. This area is the location of the central core and the historic Market District. An additional section of downtown is located south of Day Avenue, bound to the east by the Roy L. Webber Expressway, South Jefferson Street to the west and Albemarle Avenue to the south. This area is the location of the former Carilion Community Hospital and the Jefferson College of Health Sciences.
Downtown borders the neighborhoods of the West End on the west, Belmont on the east, Gainsboro on the north and both Old Southwest and South Jefferson on the south.
History.
The initial establishment of the Gainesborough in 1835 was located to the northeast of present-day downtown. The first structures constructed in what is now downtown occurred in the period following the completion of the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad line in 1852 to the south of Gainesborough. Now known as Big Lick, during the period of reconstruction following the American Civil War, the rail infrastructure was restored and the first municipal structure completed in present-day downtown was a jail.
By 1881 the Shenandoah Valley Railroad announced that Big Lick would be the southern terminus of its line resulting in the rapid growth and development of the community. With the arrival of the railroad, Big Lick would incorporate as the city of Roanoke in 1882. The rapid growth resulted in the citizens passing a $90,000 bond in 1886 to provide for the infrastructure to support the growing community. With the adequate infrastructure in place, downtown would see a rapid expansion from the area around the present-day Campbell Avenue/Jefferson Street intersection outward.
During the period between the wars, Downtown would continue to prosper and expand outwards. Many new structures were constructed in a variety of contemporary styles. Some of the notable structures completed during this period include the nine-story Boxley Building in 1921, the eleven-story Patrick Henry Hotel in 1925 and the twelve-story Colonial National Bank in 1927, which stood as the city's tallest through the 1970s. The downtown core would continue to see growth and prosperity through the period immediately following World War II and into the 1950s.
With the opening of Crossroads Mall in 1961, more shops would close their Downtown doors, with more people choosing to shop outside the city center. Although declining as a retail destination, the 1970s saw a construction boom resulting in a reshaping of the skyline. Both the thirteen-story Crestar Bank Building (now the BB&T Bank Building) and the sixteen-story First National Exchange Bank Building (now the Carilion Administrative Services Building) were completed in 1973 and the fourteen-story Poff Federal Building was completed in 1976, with each still prominent features of the downtown cityscape.
Established in 1882, the Roanoke City Market is the oldest continuously operating farmers market in the Commonwealth of Virginia and forms the central gathering place of the Downtown district. By the 1960s the market would begin to decline, hitting its low point in the 1970s. Seen as the key to the revitalization of Downtown, the "Design 79" plan was initiated to stimulate the revitalization and redevelopment of the market area. Through its and subsequent plans implementation, the market area was revitalized with the efforts now expanding outside the market area throughout Downtown.
By the early 1990s Downtown would again be reshaped with the completion of both the 21-story Dominion Tower (now the Wells Fargo Tower) in 1991 as the city's tallest structure and the twelve-story Norfolk Southern Building in 1992. By the early 2000s (decade) downtown would experience the conversion of many former office buildings, stores and warehouses into residential living units.

</doc>
<doc id="18722210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722210" title="USS Naubuc (AN-84)">
USS Naubuc (AN-84)

USS "Naubuc" (YN-109/AN-84/YRST-4) was a "Cohoes"-class net laying ship which was assigned to protect U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her anti-submarine nets. Her World War II career was short due to the war coming to an end, and she was inactivated only to be commissioned again some time later as a tender for salvage craft.
Constructed in Duluth, Minnesota.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Naubuc" (AN–84) was laid down 31 December 1943 as ("YN–109") by the Marine Iron and Shipbuilding Co., Duluth, Minnesota; launched 15 April 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Harold E. Ford; and commissioned 15 March 1945, Lt. (jg.) W. M. Bauer in command.
World War II related service.
Following a delayed shakedown off the U.S. East Coast, "Naubuc" departed Boston, Massachusetts, 24 April 1945, en route to California. Arriving at San Pedro, California, 7 June, she completed intensive net training drills and headed west, anchoring in Pearl Harbor 17 July. 
By 1 August she was at Eniwetok, whence she continued on to the Philippines, performing her specialized services of laying and tending protective nets around ships arid across harbor entrances at Leyte until after the cessation of hostilities. Encoute to CONUS in October, she stopped at Kwajalein and Pearl Harbor, arriving at San Francisco, California, 1 December.
On completion of an abbreviated tour in the Panama Canal Zone, "Naubus" reported at San Diego, California, 2 January 1946, for duty in the 11th Naval District.
Post-war inactivation.
Ordered to Seattle, Washington, for inactivation the following month, she decommissioned and entered the 19th Fleet, at Astoria, Oregon, 6 September 1946. She remained in the Columbia River Group, Pacific Reserve Fleet, until struck from the Naval Vessel Register 1 September 1962. She was then transferred to the custody of the U.S. Maritime Administration and placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet.
Reinstatement as a tender.
Reacquired five years later, "Naubuc" was reinstated to the Naval Vessel Register 1 June 1967 arid scheduled to be converted to a Salvage Craft Tender. In March 1968 she was reclassified ("ARST–4") and assigned to the 13th Naval District for conversion. In her later years, she was outfitted with four 12-cylinder diesel engines that powered four rotating thrusters mounted on vertical shafts. She was configured as a cable laying and implantment vessel with a cable drum located in the bow along with a cable guide going over the stern. The four thrusters allowed the vessel to stay "on station". When underway, however, only the two bow or stern thrusters were operated at any one time. The vertical thruster shafts increased the vessel's draft significantly. The thrusters were easily damaged by impact with the bottom. The Naubuc's final mission was as a support vessel for a cable underwater recovery vehicle (CURV-2) in the Tongue of the Ocean, off Andros Island.
Final decommissioning.
On 1 September 1975 "Naubuc" was struck from the Navy List and sold.

</doc>
<doc id="18722237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722237" title="Ray Shepardson">
Ray Shepardson

Ray Shepardson (1897–1975) was a baseball player. He batted right handed and also threw right handed. He weighed 170 lbs. He was born in Little Falls, New York on May 3, 1897 and died in Little Falls, New York on November 8, 1975. He played in 1924 for the St. Louis Cardinals. He was 27 years of age.

</doc>
<doc id="18722259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722259" title="2004 Arizona Cardinals season">
2004 Arizona Cardinals season

The 2004 Arizona Cardinals season was the 85th season the team was in the National Football League. The team managed to improve upon their previous output of 4–12. However, the team failed to make the playoffs for the sixth straight season.
Offseason.
Pat Tillman.
On April 22, 2004, former Cardinals safety Pat Tillman was killed in a friendly fire incident while on patrol. The specific details of his death and its aftermath are currently being investigated by the US Congress. Tillman was the first professional football player to be killed in combat since the death of Bob Kalsu of the Buffalo Bills, who died in the Vietnam War in 1970. Tillman was posthumously laterally promoted from Specialist to Corporal. He also received posthumous Silver Star and Purple Heart medals.
On Sunday, September 19, 2004, all teams of the NFL wore a memorial decal on their helmets in honor of Pat Tillman. The Arizona Cardinals continued to wear this decal throughout the 2004 season. 

</doc>
<doc id="18722260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722260" title="Engine Company No. 28">
Engine Company No. 28

Engine Company No. 28 is a former Los Angeles Fire Department fire station on Figueroa Street in Downtown Los Angeles. Built in 1912, the structure served as an operating fire station until it was closed in the 1960s. In the late 1980s, it was renovated as a restaurant operating under the name "Engine Company No. 28." The restaurant serves food based on recipes from American fire houses. In 1979, the building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The building is currently home to the law offices of celebrity attorney Mark Geragos. The building was also featured as an operating fire station in Los Angeles in the 2011 video game, "L.A. Noire".

</doc>
<doc id="18722263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722263" title="Ascension Islands">
Ascension Islands

One of the Southampton Island offshore island groups, the Ascension Islands are uninhabited islands located in Foxe Basin's Foxe Channel, northwest of Caribou Island. They are part of the Kivalliq Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18722264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722264" title="Li Chenhao">
Li Chenhao

Li Chenhao (; born 2 July 1977 in Beijing, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722279" title="Japan national beach soccer team">
Japan national beach soccer team

The Japan national beach soccer team represents Japan in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the JFA, the governing body for football in Japan.
Current squad.
"Current as of September 2013".
Head coach: Ruy Ramos

</doc>
<doc id="18722287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722287" title="Wang Nan (baseball)">
Wang Nan (baseball)

Wang Nan (; born 7 October 1981 in Beijing, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722293" title="Kamakazi (BMX rider)">
Kamakazi (BMX rider)

Kamakazi (born Jamie Hildebrandt on 3 August 1981 in Brisbane) is an Australian BMX cyclist who was selected to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He changed his name by deed poll, and it is spelled differently on purpose compared with "Kamikaze" - the term used to define the Japanese suicide attacks in WWII.
Kamakazi currently works as a boilermaker in addition to being a BMX cyclist. 

</doc>
<doc id="18722294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722294" title="Dermatitis herpetiformis">
Dermatitis herpetiformis

Dermatitis herpetiformis (DH), or Duhring's disease, is a chronic blistering skin condition, characterised by blisters filled with a watery fluid. Despite its name, DH is neither related to nor caused by herpes virus: the name means that it is a skin inflammation having an appearance similar to herpes.
DH was first described by Dr. Louis Adolphus Duhring in 1884. A connection between DH and gluten intolerance (celiac disease) was recognised in 1967, although the exact causal mechanism is not known.
The age of onset is usually about 15-40, but DH can also affect children and the elderly. Men and women are equally affected. Estimates of DH prevalence vary from 1 in 400 to 1 in 10000. It is most common in patients of northern European ancestry, and is associated with the HLA-DQ2 haplotype along with celiac disease and gluten sensitivity.
Signs and symptoms.
Dermatitis herpetiformis is characterized by intensely itchy, chronic papulovesicular eruptions, usually distributed symmetrically on extensor surfaces (buttocks, back of neck, scalp, elbows, knees, back, hairline, groin, or face). The blisters vary in size from very small up to 1 cm across.
The condition is extremely itchy, and the desire to scratch can be overwhelming. This sometimes causes the sufferer to scratch the blisters off before they are examined by a physician. Intense itching or burning sensations are sometimes felt before the blisters appear in a particular area. 
Untreated, the severity of DH can vary significantly over time, in response to the amount of gluten ingested.
Dermatitis herpetiformis symptoms typically first appear in the early years of adulthood between 20 and 30 years of age.
Although the first signs and symptoms of dermatitis herpetiformis are intense itching and burning, the first visible signs are the small papules or vesicles that usually look like red bumps or blisters. Sometimes they appear on the face and along the hairline, and, on occasion, on the shoulders, the lower end of the spinal column, and within the mouth. The rash rarely occurs on other mucous membranes, excepting the mouth or lips. The symptoms range in severity from mild to serious, but they are likely to disappear if gluten ingestion is avoided and appropriate treatment is administered.
Dermatitis herpetiformis symptoms are chronic, and they tend to come and go, mostly in short periods of time. Sometimes, these symptoms may be accompanied by symptoms of coeliac disease, commonly including abdominal pain, bloating or loose stool, and fatigue.
The rash caused by dermatitis herpetiformis forms and disappears in three stages. In the first stage, the patient may notice a slight discoloration of the skin at the site where the lesions appear. In the next stage, the skin lesions transform into obvious vesicles and papules that are likely to occur in groups. Healing of the lesions is the last stage of the development of the symptoms, usually characterized by a change in the skin color. This can result in areas of the skin turning darker or lighter than the color of the skin on the rest of the body. Because of the intense itching, patients usually scratch, which can lead to the formation of crusts.
Pathology.
In terms of pathology, the first signs of the condition may be observed within the dermis. The changes that can take place at this level may include edema, vascular dilatation, and cellular infiltration. It is common for lymphocytes and eosinophils to be seen. The bullae found in the skin affected by dermatitis herpetiformis are subepidermal and have rounded lateral borders.
When looked at under the microscope, the skin affected by dermatitis herpetiformis presents a collection of cells known as neutrophils. They have an increased prevalence in the areas where the dermis is closest to the epidermis.
Direct IMF studies of uninvolved skin show IgA in the dermal papillae and patchy granular IgA along the basement membrane. The jejunal mucosa may show partial villous atrophy, but the changes tend to be milder than in coeliac disease.
Immunological studies revealed findings that are similar to those of coeliac disease in terms of autoantigens. The main autoantigen of dermatitis herpetiformis is epidermal transglutaminase (eTG), a cytosolic enzyme involved in cell envelope formation during keratinocyte differentiation.
Various research studies have pointed out different potential factors that may play a larger or smaller role in the development of dermatitis herpetiformis. The fact that eTG has been found in precipitates of skin-bound IgA from skin affected by this condition has been used to conclude that dermatitis herpetiformis may be caused by a deposition of both IgA and eTG within the dermis. It is estimated that these deposits may resorb after 10 years of following a gluten-free diet. Moreover, it is suggested that this condition is closely linked to genetics. This theory is based on the arguments that individuals with a family history of gluten sensitivity who still consume foods containing gluten are more likely to develop the condition as a result of the formation of antibodies to gluten. These antibodies cross-react with eTG, and IgA/eTG complexes deposit within the papillary dermis to cause the lesions of dermatitis herpetiformis. These IgA deposits can disappear after long-term (up to 10 years) avoidance of dietary gluten.
Diagnosis.
Dermatitis herpetiformis is often misdiagnosed, being confused with drug eruptions, contact dermatitis, dishydrotic eczema (dyshidrosis), and even scabies. 
Diagnosis is confirmed by a simple blood test for IgA antibodies, and by a skin biopsy in which the pattern of IgA deposits in the dermal papillae, revealed by direct immunofluorescence, distinguishes it from linear IgA bullous dermatosis and other forms of dermatitis. These tests should be done before the patient starts on a gluten-free diet, otherwise they might produce false negatives. If the patient has already started a gluten-free diet (there is a strong relationship with DH and coeliac sprue), it might be necessary for them to restart gluten for some weeks before the tests can be done reliably. In 2010, "Cutis" reported an eruption labelled "gluten-sensitive dermatitis" which is clinically indistinguishable from dermatitis herpetiformis but lacks the IgA connection,
similar to gastrointestinal symptoms mimicking coeliac disease but without the diagnostic immunological markers.
Treatment.
Dermatitis herpetiformis responds well to medication and changes in diet.
Dapsone is an effective treatment for most patients. DH responds to dapsone so quickly (itching is significantly reduced within 2–3 days) that this response may almost be considered diagnostic. However, dapsone treatment has no effect on any intestinal damage (see coeliac disease) that might be present.
Therefore, a strict gluten-free diet must also be followed, and this will usually be a lifelong requirement. This will reduce any associated intestinal damage and the risk of other complications. After some time on a gluten-free diet, the dosage of dapsone can usually be reduced or even stopped, although this can take many years.
Dapsone is an antibacterial, and its role in the treatment of DH, which is not caused by bacteria, is poorly understood. It can cause adverse effects on the blood, so regular blood monitoring is required. 
Dapsone is the drug of choice, but, for patients unable to tolerate dapsone for any reason, the following can be tried, although they are less effective:
Complications.
DH is an autoimmune disease, and patients with DH are more likely than others to have thyroid problems and intestinal lymphoma. 
Dermatitis herpetiformis does not usually cause complications on its own, without being associated with another condition. Complications from this condition, however, arise from the autoimmune character of the disease, as an overreacting immune system is a sign that something does not work well and might cause problems to other parts of the body that do not necessarily involve the digestive system.
Gluten intolerance and the body's reaction to it make the disease more worrying in what concerns the possible complications. This means that complications that may arise from dermatitis herpetiformis are the same as those resulting from coeliac disease, which include osteoporosis, certain kinds of gut cancer, and an increased risk of other autoimmune diseases such as thyroid disease.
The risks of developing complications from dermatitis herpetiformis decrease significantly if the patients follow a gluten-free diet. The disease has been associated with auto-immune thyroid disease, insulin-dependent diabetes, lupus erythematosus, Sjögren's syndrome, sarcoidosis, and vitiligo or alopecia areata.
Notable cases.
It has been suggested that French revolutionary Jean-Paul Marat suffered from DH, leading him to spend much of his time in, and even work from, a bathtub filled with an herbal mixture that he used to calm the sores.

</doc>
<doc id="18722302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722302" title="David Hay (Auckland politician)">
David Hay (Auckland politician)

David Hay was the Deputy Mayor of Auckland City Council (1991–1998, 2001–2004 and 2007-2010) for the Citizens & Ratepayers ticket. He is a former Mayor of Mt Roskill Borough Council, and a former Auckland Regional Council politician (2004–2007).
Hay is the son of Keith Hay, a former Mayor of Mt Roskill Borough Council, and is a director of the company founded by his father, Keith Hay Homes, a prominent New Zealand small home construction company.
Hay is known for the advocacy of Christian conservative values, and has been opposed to controversial events in Auckland City politics such as council funding for the Hero Parade (a homosexual pride celebration) in the mid 1990s. He is one of the founding members of the socially and economically conservative Maxim Institute think tank in Auckland.

</doc>
<doc id="18722305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722305" title="Mount Pleasant House">
Mount Pleasant House

The Mount Pleasant House is a house built in 1876 by William Hayes Perry in Boyle Heights and later relocated to the Heritage Square Museum in the Montecito Heights section of Los Angeles, California. 
The house was designed by Ezra F. Kysor in the Italianate Victorian architecture style. In 1976, the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. 

</doc>
<doc id="18722309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722309" title="Xu Zheng (baseball)">
Xu Zheng (baseball)

Xu Zheng (; born 10 May 1981 in Beijing, China) baseball player who is a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722318" title="Li Weiliang">
Li Weiliang

Li Weiliang (; born 2 September 1980 in Beijing, China) is a Chinese baseball player. He was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722346" title="Lu Jiangang">
Lu Jiangang

Lü Jiangang (; born 19 February 1979 in Tianjin, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He was the winning pitcher against Chinese Taipei, that was the Chinese Team's only win from the Olympics. He also pitched for China at the 2009 World Baseball Classic. He beat Chinese Taipei again in this tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18722364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722364" title="Zhang Li (baseball)">
Zhang Li (baseball)

Zhang Li (; born 3 February 1980 in Shanghai, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722376" title="Guitar Superstar">
Guitar Superstar

Guitar Superstar is a yearly competition hosted by the Guitar Player magazine in which 10 finalists compete for the title of Guitar Superstar or Guitar Hero for the year. The competition started in 2005 as the Guitar Hero Competition but was changed in 2008 to the current title, probably to avoid confusion with the "Guitar Hero" video game series.
Guitar Hero '05.
Held at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, Ohio, on June 10, 2005.<br>
Finalists:
Judges: Joe Satriani, Steve Lukather, Trevor Lukather, DJ Munch, and Jude Gold.
Guitar Hero '06.
Held at the Great American Music Hall in San Francisco, California, on September 23, 2006.
Video of the competition on Guitar Player TV
Finalists:
Judges: Joe Satriani, Steve Lukather, Richie Kotzen, Rafael Moreira, Shredmistress Rynata, and Steve Read.
Guitar Hero '07.
Held at the Great American Music Hall in San Francisco, California, on October 12, 2007.
Video of the competition.
Finalists:
Judges: Joe Satriani, Steve Lukather, Nuno Bettencourt, Elliot Easton, Greg Howe, and Mike Varney.
Host: Brendon Small.
Guitar Hero 06 winner Trey Alexander also came back to battle Guitar Hero III expert Mark Johnson. Johnson played Lay Down by Priestess on GH3 while Alexander played the riffs with his Peavey HP Special.
Guitar Superstar '08.
Was held at the Great American Music Hall in San Francisco, California, on September 13, 2008.
Finalists: 
Judges: Joe Satriani, George Lynch, Steve Vai, Elliot Easton and Brendon Small.
Host: Andy Summers
Guitar Superstar '09.
Finalists:
Judges: Steve Lukather, Elliot Easton, Jennifer Batten, Earl Slick and Greg Hampton.
Host: Brendon Small
Guitar Superstar '10.
Finalists:
Judges: George Lynch, Elliot Easton, Reeves Gabrels, and Gary Hoey.
Host: Nikki Blakk
Guitar Superstar '11.
Finalists:
Judges: Muriel Anderson, Carl Verheyen, and Reeves Gabrels.
Host: Larry Carlton

</doc>
<doc id="18722378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722378" title="Frederick Hastings Rindge House">
Frederick Hastings Rindge House

The Frederick Hastings Rindge House is a historic house located in the West Adams district of Los Angeles, in Los Angeles County, California. 
The Rindge House was built in 1904 for Frederick H. Rindge and designed by Frederick Louis Roehrig and E.C. Shipley in a Renaissance Revival-Romanesque Revival Victorian style. 
In 1986, the Rindge House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places based on architectural criteria.
Rindge Ranch.
In 1892 Frederick H. Rindge purchased the Spanish land grant Rancho Topanga Malibu Sequit or "Malibu Rancho". He later expanded it to ) as the Rindge Ranch, which encompasses present day Malibu, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18722380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722380" title="Cyrille Diabaté">
Cyrille Diabaté

Cyrille Moktar Diabaté (born October 6, 1973) is a French mixed martial artist and former kickboxer. He has also competed in shoot boxing and Muay Thai. He has fought at Palace Fighting Championship, Tachi Palace Fights, PRIDE, ShoXC, Deep, Cage Rage and Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Mixed martial arts career.
Pride Fighting Championships.
Diabaté then faced off against Maurício Rua at Pride Final Conflict Absolute. After 5:29 of the first round, Rua defeated Diabaté via TKO (stomps). This loss led to Diabaté heading for smaller organizations.
His first fight was in England, for the Cage Rage promotion. He defeated Ryan Robinson via armbar and followed this up with a blood-soaked decision victory in a ShoXC card, where he faced Jaime Fletcher.
Diabaté defeated Marcus Hicks via submission (armbar) after just 89 seconds. This win was his fourth in a row and was followed up by a win over Rob Smith via submission.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Cyrille appeared frequently as a striking coach for Team Henderson in season 9 of The Ultimate Fighter. It was announced in February 2010 that Diabaté had signed a four fight contract with the UFC.
In his debut at UFC 114 he defeated Luiz Cané via TKO in the first round. Diabaté later expressed disappointment in his own performance, having had to "survive a flash knockout" early in the first round.
In his second appearance, Diabaté lost to Alexander Gustafsson on October 16, 2010 at UFC 120. In the fight, he was dominated by the Swede for the entire first round standing, and in the second round he was taken down early and submitted with a rear naked choke. This was his first loss in four years.
For his third UFC fight, Diabaté faced Steve Cantwell on March 3, 2011 at . He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Diabaté fought Anthony Perosh on November 5, 2011 at UFC 138. He lost the bout against Perosh via submission due to a rear naked choke in the second round.
Diabaté was expected to face Jörgen Kruth on April 14, 2012 at UFC on Fuel TV 2. However, Kruth was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by Tom DeBlass. He won the fight via majority decision.
Diabaté was briefly linked to a bout with Fabio Maldonado on November 17, 2012 at UFC 154. However, Maldonado was pulled from the bout and faced Glover Teixeira on October 13, 2012 at UFC 153, replacing an injured Quinton Jackson. Diabaté instead faced Chad Griggs at the event. Diabate defeated Griggs via first round rear naked choke submission.
Diabaté faced Jimi Manuwa on February 16, 2013 at . Manuwa was declared the winner (TKO) after Diabaté was unable to continue after tearing a calf muscle near the end of the first round.
Diabaté is expected to face Ilir Latifi at UFC Fight Night 37.

</doc>
<doc id="18722401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722401" title="Henry Latulippe">
Henry Latulippe

Henry P. Latulippe (23 April 1913 – 26 October 1995) was a Social Credit party and Ralliement créditiste member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was an industrialist and merchant by career.
He was first elected at the Compton—Frontenac riding in the 1962 general election and was re-elected there in the 1963 and 1965 federal elections. From 1963 to 1971, he was a member under the Ralliement créditiste.
Electoral district restructuring in 1966 restored the Compton riding where Latulippe was re-elected for further terms in Parliament in 1968 and 1972. He was defeated there in the 1974 federal election by Claude Tessier of the Liberal party. Latulippe was unsuccessful in unseating Tessier in the 1979 election, when the riding became known as Mégantic—Compton—Stanstead.

</doc>
<doc id="18722402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722402" title="Colleano">
Colleano

Colleano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18722451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722451" title="Osteolipochondroma">
Osteolipochondroma

Osteolipochondroma ("osteo", bone, "lipos", fat, + "chondros", cartilage, "oma", tumor) is a cartilaginous tumor containing fatty and bony tissue.

</doc>
<doc id="18722477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722477" title="Navasota River">
Navasota River

The Navasota River is a river in east Texas, USA. It is about 125 miles (201 km) long, beginning near Mount Calm and flowing south into the Brazos River at a point where Brazos, Grimes, and Washington counties converge. 
Name.
The river has been known by several names. The indigenous people called it the Nabasoto, Domingo Terán de los Ríos called it San Cypriano, Fray Isidro Félix de Espinosa called it the San Buenaventura, and in 1727, Pedro de Rivera y Villalón named it the Navasota.
Lakes.
The Navasota River is dammed to form several lakes, including Lake Mexia, Springfield Lake, Joe Echols Lake, Lake Groesbeck, Lake Limestone, and Martin Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="18722479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722479" title="Highland-Camrose Bungalow Village">
Highland-Camrose Bungalow Village

The Highland-Camrose Bungalow Village is a grouping of Craftsman style bungalows located at the northwest corner of Highland and Camrose Avenues in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California. The bungalows were designed by the Taylor Brothers and Lee Campbell as residences. The bungalows were later converted to offices, which are occupied by various organizations affiliated with the nearby Hollywood Bowl, including the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra. In 1989, the bungalow village was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18722480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722480" title="Cavaco, Angola">
Cavaco, Angola

Cavaco is a small town in Angola near the coast.
Cavaco River.
The town of Cavaco is associated with the densely populated Cavaco River where several bridges have been recently constructed. 

</doc>
<doc id="18722483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722483" title="Chen Kun (baseball)">
Chen Kun (baseball)

Chen Kun (; born 5 March 1980 in Panzhihua, Sichuan, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722487" title="I Don't Believe You">
I Don't Believe You

"I Don't Believe You" is a song by American recording artist Pink. It was released as the sixth single from her fifth studio album, "Funhouse". The song became the least successful of the six singles from "Funhouse".
Background.
Musically, the song is a mid-tempo pop ballad, set in common time and played in the key of A-flat major. The guitar and piano are used for the background music, while Pink's voice follows the A♭ —Fm7—Cm—D♭—A♭ chord progression. Pink explained on her website that, lyrically, the song is about pleading for reconciliation, and is her favourite song from "Funhouse" "because it's just so naked. It's like taking a deep breathe and saying, 'Here I am. Take me. Take your best shot'." She went on to explain that:"The first thing that comes to my mind with I Don't Believe You is me standing in the vocal booth listening... Actually in the control room listening to this song, tears running down my face, just like 'fuck, really?' It's the vulnerable weak side of me that I don't let out very often. And it's , yeah it's that song. And I love it, I love it. I just love it, it's very near and dear to me."
Reception.
Critical reception.
Jonathan Keefe from Slant Magazine praised the song, its sparse electric guitar riff, and Pink's "phenomenal vocal turn that is both vulnerable and accusatory", while "New York Times" reporter Jon Caramanica claimed "I Don't Believe You" swells like a classic soul ballad, as Pink pleads for a lover to reconsider walking away. On another side, Christian Hoard of "Rolling Stone" magazine gave a negative review, claiming the song is a "goopy ballad", which makes the singer sound like "just another big-voiced chart-buster", and that she has shown more personality on previous singles.
Chart performance.
"I Don't Believe You" is Pink's single with the lowest peak in the United Kingdom. It failed to reach the top forty due to physical single was cancelled. In the U.S. & Canada, the track has sold around 115,000+ in digital downloads, but failed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, making "I Don't Believe You" her only single from "Funhouse" not to have higher charting. In Australia, the song reached number twenty-three on the sales chart and was the number-one most added track to the radio on its debut week of release. In the Europe, "I Don't Believe You" reached top forty in most countries with its highest peak in Portugal, where the song reached number one.
Music video.
The music video for "I Don't Believe You", directed by Sophie Muller, was shot in September 2009 in Los Angeles, California. The music video premiered on October 2009. The video is in black and white, it features Pink in the wedding dress she wore to her actual wedding to Carey Hart in 2006, and a diamond encrusted wedding gown as she searches for her lover, to no avail. Scenes include her lying down in the dress, rollerblading around what appears to be the inside of a church (The Los Angeles Theater), singing to an empty wedding dinnerroom, crying over an empty wedding album and singing to herself in front of the mirror.
Live performances.
On September 16, 2009 Pink performed "I Don't Believe You" along with "Funhouse" on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" She also performed the song on February 5, 2010 on "The Oprah Winfrey Show". The song was also performed on the Funhouse Tour.
Tracklisting.
Remixes

</doc>
<doc id="18722547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722547" title="Introduction to the Theory of Computation">
Introduction to the Theory of Computation

Introduction to the Theory of Computation (ISBN 0-534-95097-3) is a standard textbook in theoretical computer science, written by Michael Sipser.

</doc>
<doc id="18722553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722553" title="Schairer">
Schairer

Schairer is a German surname primarily from the Baden-Württemberg region. It stems from the German word "Scheuer," or barn, in the Swabian dialect. It also may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18722576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722576" title="Chen Junyi">
Chen Junyi

Chen Junyi (; Cantonese: Chan4 Jeun3 Ngai6; born 26 August 1981 in Tianjin, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He is nicknamed "The Little Unit" due to his slender body and mullet that resembles Randy Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="18722587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722587" title="North University Park Historic District">
North University Park Historic District

The North University Park Historic District is a historic district in the North University Park section of Los Angeles, California. The district is bounded by West Adams Boulevard on the north, Magnolia Avenue on the west, Hoover Street on the east, and 28th Street on the south. The district contains numerous well-preserved Victorian houses dating back as far as 1880. In 2004, the district was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The North University Park area was subdivided between 1885 and 1901. The Miller and Herriott House, which is still standing, is believed to have been a model house used by the developers to attract potential buyers. The area boomed further when the street cars from downtown reached the area in 1891. In 1892, the widow of Gen. John C. Fremont, Jessie Benton Fremont, was living in the district at 1107 West 28th Street; she remained in the house until 1902. The district was also the birthplace of Adlai Stevenson, who was born in the house at 2639 Monmouth Avenue in 1900.
Homes within the district.
Many of the homes within the district are noteworthy, including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18722619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722619" title="Sun Guoqiang">
Sun Guoqiang

Sun Guoqiang (; born 30 May 1974 in Zhengzhou, Henan, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722668" title="Guo Youhua">
Guo Youhua

Guo Youhua (born 1983-09-29 in Gansu) is a Chinese baseball player who is a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722683" title="American Bach Soloists">
American Bach Soloists

The American Bach Soloists ("ABS") is an American baroque orchestra and early music chorus dedicated to preserving the heritage of early music through historically informed performances on period instruments, community outreach through free educational programs, and the development of young artists through an annual summer Academy. The not-for-profit arts organization frequently performs the cantatas, concertos, overtures, oratorios, passions, and chamber music of Johann Sebastian Bach and his baroque period contemporaries including Vivaldi, Handel, Monteverdi, and Telemann, as well as music by classical composers including Mozart, Haydn, and Beethoven. Performing forces typically range from 20 to 75 singers and instrumentalists, depending on repertoire. American Bach Soloists have made eighteen recordings on Koch International Classics, Delos International, and their own American Bach Soloists label.

</doc>
<doc id="18722693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722693" title="1904–05 Real Madrid C.F. season">
1904–05 Real Madrid C.F. season

The 1904–05 season was the 3
rd season for Madrid FC. The club played some friendly matches against local clubs. They also played in the Madrid Championship and Copa del Rey.

</doc>
<doc id="18722713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722713" title="Chongqing (disambiguation)">
Chongqing (disambiguation)

Chongqing is the modern Pinyin transliteration for the Chinese city Chongqing. It was previously commonly known in the West by the name Chungking, Chongking, or Chung King. This name may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18722714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722714" title="Tlik">
Tlik

Tlik () is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18722719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722719" title="Endocranium">
Endocranium

The endocranium in comparative anatomy is a part of the skull base in vertebrates and represent the basal, inner part of the cranium. The term is also applied to the outer layer of the dura mater in human anatomy.
Structure.
Structurally, the endocranium consists of a boxlike shape, open at the top. The posterior margin exhibit the "foramen magnum", an opening for the spinal cord. The floor of the endocranium has several paired openings for the cranial nerves, and the anterior margin holds a spongy construction, allowing for the external nasal nerves to pass through. All bones of the structure derive from the cranial neural crest during fetal development.
Endocranial elements in humans.
In humans and other mammals, the endocranium forms during fetal development as a cartilaginous neurocranium, that ossifies from several centers. Several of these bones merge, and in the adult primates (including humans), the endocranium is composed of only five bony elements (from front to back):
Other animals.
Endocranial components in other tetrapods.
The endocranium in mammals is much reduced in relative size and number of bones compared to the condition in the ancestral land vertebrates, though the occipital bone occur as several bony elements in several mammal groups. The occipital bone is also found as several bony elements in birds and reptiles, while the skull of modern amphibians is generally reduced with a simplified endocranium. The skull of early labyrinthodonts were rather complex, and contained in addition to the bones mentioned above several small cartilagious components that are fused to temporal and occipital bones in mammals:
The endocranium in fish.
While the endocranium is an integral part of the skull in mammals, birds and reptiles, its connection to the roofing parts of the skull is more loose in the lower vertebrates. In Agnathans and Chondrichthyes, the skull lacks the skull roof dermal elements, their whole cranium being composed of the endocranium, properly called a chondrocranium. In most Osteichthyes, the skull is only loosely joined, and the endocranial elements do not form a unit with the skull roof.
Fossilization.
An endocast or endocranial cast is a cast made of the mold formed by the impression the brain makes on the inside of the neurocranium (braincase), providing a replica of the brain with most of the details of its outer surface. Endocasts can also form naturally, when sediments fill the empty skull, after which the skull is destroyed and the cast fossilized. Scientists are increasingly utilizing computerized tomography scanning technology to create digital endocasts without damaging valuable specimens. This gives a 3D representation of the brain. Brain size and complexity can then be determined.
Endocasts were used for looking at the brains of "Homo sapiens" to find hemispheric specialization.

</doc>
<doc id="18722722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722722" title="U.S. Route 40 Alternate (Keysers Ridge–Cumberland, Maryland)">
U.S. Route 40 Alternate (Keysers Ridge–Cumberland, Maryland)

U.S. Route 40 Alternate () is the United States highway designation for a former segment of U.S. Route 40 (US 40) through Garrett and Allegany counties in Maryland. The highway begins at US 40 near exit 14 on Interstate 68 and runs eastward to Cumberland, where it ends at exit 44 on Interstate 68. is maintained by the Maryland State Highway Administration (MDSHA).
The highway is known as Old National Pike to reflect the fact that it follows the original alignment of the National Road. As the route of the historic National Road, there are many historic sites along , including the Casselman Bridge in Grantsville and the last remaining National Road toll gate house in Maryland, located in LaVale.
When the National Freeway was built in western Maryland paralleling the old National Road, parts of U.S. Route 40 were bypassed. The part of the bypassed road between Keyser's Ridge and Cumberland became Alt US 40, and other bypassed sections east of Cumberland became Maryland Route 144 and U.S. Route 40 Scenic. Although has diminished in importance from its original status as the National Road due to the construction of Interstate 68, it remains an important route for local traffic and serves as the Main Streets of Grantsville and Frostburg.
Route description.
Garrett County.
Continuing eastward from Grantsville, intersects U.S. Route 219 a short distance north of exit 22 of Interstate 68, where US 219 leaves the freeway. East of this intersection, traffic decreases, with an AADT of 1,681, the lowest traffic density along the entire route. The US 219 intersection is at the top of a hill known as Chestnut Ridge.
East of Chestnut Ridge, the highway passes over Meadow Mountain at a height of . In eastern Garrett County, traffic on the route gradually increases to an AADT of 2,232. passes under Maryland Route 546, which runs north from Interstate 68, through Finzel, to the Pennsylvania border. Although does not directly intersect MD 546, it is connected to MD 546 by way of access road MD 546F, and also by Maryland Route 946, which intersects near the top of Little Savage Mountain. Just east, the route crosses the larger Big Savage Mountain at an elevation of before entering Allegany County.
Allegany County.
After continuing into Allegany County, descends Savage Mountain into Frostburg, where it passes through the town as Main Street. Main Street in Frostburg has the highest traffic density on the route, with an AADT of 15,022. For comparison, the parallel section of Interstate 68 between exits 33 and 34 has an AADT of 20,931. In west Frostburg, the highway intersects Maryland Route 36 (MD 36), which then follows the same road as for about a mile, separating from in east Frostburg. In central Frostburg, Main Street intersects Maryland Route 936, an old alignment of MD 36. Continuing eastward from Frostburg, traffic density decreases, to an AADT of 13,585 at the Maryland Route 55 (MD 55) intersection, staying between 13,000 and 15,000 for the remainder of the highway. passes through Eckhart Mines, where it intersects Maryland Route 638, which connects with MD 36 north of Frostburg. In the eastern part of Eckhart Mines, the highway intersects Maryland Route 743 (MD 743), which is an old alignment of US 40 which was bypassed by the roadway which became .
East of Eckhart Mines, passes through Clarysville, where it intersects MD 55. It is near Clarysville that the terrain followed by Alt US 40 changes: from Clarysville westward to the summit of Savage Mountain, the road runs uphill, while east of Clarysville, the road follows valleys, first following the valley around Braddock Run to Cumberland, and then following the valley around Wills Creek into Cumberland. Near the MD 55 intersection is a stone arch bridge which was initially built in 1812 and rebuilt in the 1830s, and carried the National Road over Braddock Run, a tributary to Wills Creek. East of Clarysville, the highway passes through a gap carved by Braddock Run between Piney Mountain and Dan's Mountain. Interstate 68, having been built later, is located on the hillside above , on the Dan's Mountain side of the gap. then descends Red Hill into LaVale. At the bottom of Red Hill is the La Vale toll gate house. Built in 1836, tolls were collected there until the early 1900s, and it is the last original National Road toll gate house standing in Maryland. In LaVale, the route intersects Maryland Route 53 (MD 53), which serves as a truck bypass for U.S. Route 220 (US 220) to Cresaptown. interchanges with westbound Interstate 68 at exit 39, but eastbound access is only available via MD 53 and Maryland Route 658 (MD 658), which intersects east of the exit 39 interchange. The highway expands to a four-lane road near its intersection with MD 53, then narrows to a two-lane road near its intersection with MD 658. East of the intersection with MD 658, turns northward, passing through LaVale toward the Narrows, bypassing Haystack Mountain to the north, as opposed to Interstate 68, which passes directly over Haystack Mountain, paralleling Braddock Road (MD 49).
Northeast of LaVale, intersects MD 36 at the northern terminus of MD 36. then passes through the Narrows, a gap between Haystack Mountain and Wills Mountain carved by Wills Creek, into Cumberland, where it follows Henderson Avenue and Baltimore Avenue to Exit 44 on Interstate 68, where ends. The roadway continues eastward as Maryland Route 639.
History.
The roadway which became in Garrett and Allegany counties is, with some realignments, the route followed by the National Road through western Maryland. Various historic sites associated with the National Road can be found along , including a toll-gate house (La Vale Tollgate House) and mile-marker in LaVale. The toll-gate house in LaVale is the last remaining toll-gate house on the National Road in Maryland. Several historic bridges from the National Road, since bypassed by newer bridges, are still present along the route of , including the Casselman Bridge over the Casselman River in Grantsville and a bridge in Clarysville.
Braddock Road and the National Road.
In 1755, during the French and Indian War, British troops under the command of General Edward Braddock completed the arduous task of building a road westward from Fort Cumberland. They largely followed an Indian trail known as Nemacolin's Path, expanding it to a road using only hand tools. The road construction was part of the Braddock Expedition, which was the British campaign to seize Fort Duquesne from the French and Indian forces. Although the military expedition was a failure, the road continued to be used afterwards. However, with little maintenance being done on the road, it decayed over time until by the early nineteenth century little remained of the road. The route followed by Alt US 40 today is very similar to the route followed by Braddock's Road, with the exceptions of various realignments that have been done to the road over the years. For example, Braddock's Road crossed directly over Haystack Mountain west of Cumberland rather than following the Cumberland Narrows as later roads did.
The National Road, the first road funded by the U.S. federal government, was authorized by the United States Congress in 1806, and ran from Cumberland, Maryland, to Vandalia, Illinois. Construction started in 1811, and by 1837 the road reached Vandalia. Many sites from the National Road remain along , in particular the LaVale toll gate house, built in 1836. Following the completion of the National Road in 1837, the federal government ceded the road to the states to operate as a toll road, and toll gate houses such as the one in LaVale were built along its path in preparation for the transfer. Tolls continued to be collected along the National Road at the LaVale toll house until the late nineteenth century. The LaVale toll house is the first of its kind to be built along the National Road, and it is the last standing toll house along the National Road in Maryland. The LaVale toll house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
Realignments.
Multiple realignments of the road that is now have occurred since it was originally built as the National Road. Most such realignments are minor, such as to bypass an old bridge, but some have significantly affected the path of the road. One such realignment occurred in 1834, when a new route for the National Road was built through the Cumberland Narrows. The previous route had followed the Braddock Road, a route which is now followed by MD 49. The route following Braddock Road passed over Haystack Mountain and was much steeper than the newer route through the Narrows. The route through the Narrows allowed the road to bypass this steep mountain ascent. The stone arch bridge built across Will's Creek for the new alignment remained in service until 1932, when a new bridge which is the present bridge across Will's Creek replaced it. The old bridge was torn down during the construction of the Will's Creek flood control system in the 1950s.
Another realignment of occurred in Eckhart Mines, where in 1969 the road, then designated as US 40, was realigned to the north, bypassing the section of the highway through Eckhart Mines, which has a lower speed limit and sharp curves. The speed limit on the old alignment is , and the new alignment has a speed limit of along most of the bypass. The new alignment intersects the old alignment, designated as MD 743, on the east end between MD 638 and MD 55. The west end of the old alignment meets MD 36 just south of its intersection with . MD 638, which prior to the realignment ended at US 40, was not truncated, and thus ends at MD 743.
Historic bridges.
There are several historic bridges along the National Road that are still present near the current route of . Among them are the Casselman River bridge in Grantsville, and the bridge over Braddock Run, a tributary of Wills Creek, in Clarysville. The original National Road bridge over the Casselman River was a stone arch bridge constructed in 1813. The span was built to be the largest bridge of its type in the United States at the time, and during its construction it was believed that the bridge could not stand on its own. The bridge was constructed in this manner in the hopes that the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal would eventually pass under it, though construction on the canal was stopped at Cumberland in 1850. When US 40 was first designated in 1925, it crossed the Casselman River on the original stone bridge. In 1933, a new steel bridge was constructed to replace the National Road bridge, and it is this bridge that now follows. The original bridge was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964, and is now part of the Casselman River Bridge State Park.
Another historic bridge stands in Clarysville, near the intersection of and MD 55. This bridge, which crosses Braddock Run, was built in 1812, with later work being done in 1843. The stone arch bridge, located just south of the current alignment of , was restored in 1976.
Origins of Alt US 40.
Prior to the construction of Interstate 68, US 40 followed the route currently designated as U.S. Route 40 Alternate. The first segment of what would become Interstate 68 was built in Cumberland in the mid-1960s. The freeway, first designated as US 48, was extended westward through the 1970s, reaching West Virginia in 1976. The portions of US 40 that were bypassed between Cumberland and Keysers Ridge became U.S. Route 40 Alternate, which first appeared on MDSHA maps in the early 1980s. At this time, US 40 was realigned to follow the US 48 freeway, sharing the freeway with US 48. In 1991 the freeway was completed from Hancock to Morgantown, West Virginia. The US 48 designation was retired, and on August 2, 1991, the freeway became Interstate 68.

</doc>
<doc id="18722732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722732" title="Zak Thompson">
Zak Thompson

Zak Thompson is a former American footballer who last played for Crystal Palace Baltimore in the PDL. He was signed in 2008 as backup to Brian Rowland and Matthew Nelson.
Thompson previously played for Virginia Legacy in the USL Premier Development League.
He is currently in his third season as the Junior Varsity coach for Severna Park High School soccer team in Severna Park, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="18722739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722739" title="The Town House (Los Angeles)">
The Town House (Los Angeles)

The Town House is a large hotel property built in 1929 on Wilshire Boulevard, adjacent to Lafayette Park in the Westlake district of Los Angeles, California. 
It was designed by Norman W. Alpaugh, in Mediterranean Revival, Art Deco, and other revival styles. The building was once among the most luxurious hotels in Southern California. 
From the 1960s through the 1980s, the area around Lafayette Park became less desirable and more dangerous. The building was operated for many years as a Sheraton hotel under the name "The Sheraton-Town House" and "The Sheraton-West". It was later converted for use as low-income housing. 
In 1997, the Town House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and it was designated a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument in 1994. 
Other registered historic sites within one block of the Town House include the Bryson Apartment Hotel, Bullocks Wilshire, the Felipe de Neve branch of the Los Angeles Public Library system, and the Granada Shoppes and Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="18722752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722752" title="Sasunik">
Sasunik

Sasunik (); is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. It was founded as a collective farm in 1955, and villagers were resettled from the old town of Sasunik in 1960. The community of Sasunik includes the village of Karin.

</doc>
<doc id="18722758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722758" title="Summit Athletic Conference (IHSAA)">
Summit Athletic Conference (IHSAA)

The SAC is a high school athletic conference consisting of the eight high schools located area of Fort Wayne, Indiana. Three of the schools are private, one being a Lutheran academy, and the other two being Catholic preparatories. The rest are public schools, being part of Fort Wayne Community Schools District.
All member schools are located in Allen County, Indiana. Originally called the Fort Wayne City Series, the name was changed to the Summit Athletic Conference in 1973, when Harding High School joined. 
Elmhurst High School closed at the end of the 2009-10 academic year, with students being spread out between North Side, South Side, and Wayne high schools.Harding closed at the end of the 2010-11 school year.
In December 2013, Fort Wayne Homestead and Fort Wayne Carroll both accepted limited membership into the SAC for Football, Boy's Basketball and Girls Basketball beginning with the 2015-2016 school year. The two schools were in the market for a new conference after six members of the Northeast Hoosier Conference decided to leave in 2015 to form a new league with Leo and Huntington North.
State Championships.
Elmhurst Trojans (1) 1.
1 Won while SAC Member.
Notable athletes.
max touloute, professional soccer player, Haitian national team member

</doc>
<doc id="18722763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722763" title="Test Drive Off-Road 3">
Test Drive Off-Road 3

Test Drive Off-Road 3 (4X4 World Trophy in Europe) is a 1999 video game. It was published by Infogrames and released for the PlayStation, Microsoft Windows and Game Boy Color.
Gameplay.
There are 3 modes; Arcade, Two Players (PlayStation only) and World Tour.
In World Tour, the player goes through different tracks throughout the world and will win cups and money. The player can buy, modify, and sell vehicles. Overall in the game, surprises come along races, such as breakable objects and shortcuts.
There are 5 racers in a race (a "Human" Player with 4 CPU Players)
Cars.
27 licensed vehicles are in the game:
Tracks.
12-real world tracks, including Black Forest, Canadian Rockies, Egyptian Desert, Yosemite, Yucatán, Red Rock, New Orleans, New York, Tibet, Mount Fuji, and Vermont. Off-road racing through sand, snow, water and more.
Dreamcast version.
Infogrames announced and later developed a version for the Sega Dreamcast, but it was suddenly cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="18722787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722787" title="United States House of Representatives elections in Connecticut, 2008">
United States House of Representatives elections in Connecticut, 2008

The 2008 congressional elections in Connecticut were held on November 4, 2008 to determine who will represent the state of Connecticut in the United States House of Representatives, coinciding with the presidential election. Representatives are elected for two-year terms; those elected will serve in the 111th Congress from January 3, 2009 until January 3, 2011.
Connecticut has five seats in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census. Its 2007-2008 congressional delegation consisted of four Democrats and one Republican. In the 2008 elections, District 4 changed from Republican to Democratic, so Connecticut's congressional delegation to the 111th Congress consists of five Democrats. Christopher Shays, the Republican incumbent in District 4, had been the last remaining Republican representative in New England. Prior to the election, "CQ Politics" forecasted districts 2, 4 and 5 to be at some risk for the incumbent party.
The Primary election was held August 12th.
District 1.
This district covers much of central Connecticut and includes municipalities within Hartford, Litchfield, and Middlesex counties. Five-term incumbent John B. Larson faced Republican Joe Visconti and Green Party candidate Stephen E. D. Fournier. CQ Politics forecasted the race as 'Safe Democrat'.
Results.
Incumbent John B. Larson retained his seat with over 71 percent of the vote.
District 2.
This district covers eastern Connecticut, including New London and Norwich. CQ Politics forecasted the race as 'Democrat Favored'.
In the closest U.S. House race of 2006, Democrat Joe Courtney unseated three-term incumbent Republican Rob Simmons by only 82 votes. Courtney's chance at reelection increased when Simmons decided against a rematch. Former Naval Submarine Base New London base commander Sean Sullivan was the Republican candidate. Third-party challengers included former State Department Of Environmental Protection scientist G. Scott Deshefy for the Green Party and Todd Vachon for the Socialist Party, running as a write-in candidate.
Results.
Joe Courtney was reelected with a substantially larger margin than in 2006, winning nearly 66 percent of the vote.
District 3.
This district is centered on the city of New Haven and its immediate suburbs. CQ Politics forecasted the race as 'Safe Democrat'.
The district has been represented by Democrat Rosa DeLauro since 1991. Her challengers in this election included Republican Bo Itshaky and Green Ralph Ferrucci.
Results.
Rosa DeLauro was easily reelected to a tenth term, receiving over 77 percent of the vote.
District 4.
This district includes portions of Fairfield and New Haven counties in southwestern Connecticut. Democratic nominee Jim Himes, a former Goldman Sachs executive, won against Republican incumbent Chris Shays and third-party candidates Richard Duffee, who withdrew from the 2006 race, and Michael Anthony Carrano. CQ Politics forecasted the race as 'No Clear Favorite'.
Shays won 51% of the vote in 2006 and 52% in 2004 in a district that went to John Kerry with 53% in 2004 (CPVI=D+5). In September, 2007, Shays indicated that if he was not given the top Republican seat on the Governmental Oversight Committee, he would retire. The only Republican House member in New England, he was expected to be a top target of Democrats.
Democrat Himes announced his candidacy in April 2007. 2006 U.S. Senate candidate Ned Lamont was considered a potential candidate, although he lost in this district to incumbent Senator Joe Lieberman, whom Shays had endorsed. Other possible Democratic candidates included state Senators Bob Duff and Andrew MacDonald. Former professional hockey player Mike Richter, once considered a possible candidate, announced that he was not interested in running in 2008. It was thought Lowell P. Weicker, Jr. might try to reclaim his old seat. 
Results.
Jim Himes defeated incumbent Christopher Shays, receiving slightly more than 51 percent of the vote. With Himes' victory, the Democrats now control all five of Connecticut's House seats, as well as all other House seats in New England.
District 5.
This district includes all of Northwestern Connecticut, and runs from Meriden and New Britain in Central Connecticut, to Waterbury, the Litchfield Hills, and the Farmington River Valley. CQ Politics forecasted the race as 'Leans Democratic'.
Freshman Democrat Chris Murphy unseated 24-year incumbent Nancy Johnson with 56% of the vote in 2006. Nonetheless, the district is arguably Connecticut's most conservative (CPVI=D+4), and some considered Murphy vulnerable. State Senator David Cappiello was the Republican candidate. Tony Nania also considered a run, but withdrew from consideration for the Republican nomination in May. GOP state chairman Chris Healy dismissed claims that Murphy's large campaign warchest of $420,000 in the first quarter of 2007 may scare off potential challengers, as Cappiello filed as a candidate in April 2007. 
National Republicans ran radio ads in the summer of 2007 claiming Murphy has adopted special interest fundraising politics he had claimed to oppose. In addition, Cappiello accused Murphy of missing important votes. 
Third-party candidates included Canton attorney Harold Burbank for the Green Party and Watertown resident Tom Winn, running as an independent candidate.
Results.
Chris Murphy retained his seat, receiving just under 60 percent of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18722789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722789" title="Wound licking">
Wound licking

Wound licking is an instinctive response in humans and many other animals to lick an injury. Dogs, cats, rodents and primates all lick wounds. The enzyme lysozyme is found in many tissues and is known to attack the cell walls of many gram-positive bacteria, aiding in defense against infection. Tears are also beneficial to wounds due to the lysozyme enzyme. However, there are also infection risks due to bacteria in the human mouth. 
Mechanism.
Oral mucosa heals faster than skin, suggesting that saliva may have properties that aid wound healing. Saliva contains many compounds that are antibacterial or promote healing. The enzymes lysozyme and peroxidase, defensins, cystatins and an antibody, IgA, are all antibacterial. Thrombospondin and some other components are antiviral. A protease inhibitor, secretory leukocyte protease inhibitor, is present in saliva and is both antibacterial and antiviral, and a promoter of wound healing. Nitrates that are naturally found in saliva break down into nitric oxide on contact with skin, which will inhibit bacterial growth. Saliva contains growth factors such as epidermal growth factor, VEGF, TGF-β1, leptin, IGF-I, lysophosphatidic acid, hyaluronan and NGF, which all promote healing, although levels of EGF and NGF in humans are much lower than those in rats. In humans, histatins may play a larger role. As well as being growth factors, IGF-I and TGF-α induce antimicrobial peptides. Saliva also contains an analgesic, opiorphin. Licking will also tend to debride the wound and remove gross contamination from the affected area.
In non-human animals.
It has been long observed that the licking of their wounds by dogs might be beneficial. Indeed, a dog's saliva is bactericidal against the bacteria "Escherichia coli" and "Streptococcus canis", although not against coagulase positive "Staphylococcus" or "Pseudomonas aeruginosa".
Wound licking is also important in other animals. Removal of the salivary glands of mice and rats slows wound healing, and communal licking of wounds among rodents accelerates wound healing. Communal licking is common in several primate species. In macaques, hair surrounding a wound and any dirt is removed, and the wound is licked, healing without infection.
Risks.
Too much licking of wounds can be harmful. An Elizabethan collar is sometimes worn by pet animals to prevent biting or excessive wound licking, which can cause a lick granuloma. These lesions are often infected by pathogenic bacteria such as "Staphylococcus intermedius". Infection is another risk. Horses that lick wounds may become infected by a stomach parasite, Habronema, a type of nematode worm. The rabies virus may be transmitted between kudu antelopes by wound licking.
In humans.
In an unusual case, an Oregon teacher was reprimanded after licking blood from wounds on a track team member's knee, a football player's arm, and a high school student's hand. An Oregon public health officer commented that ""We do know that animals lick their own wounds, and it may be that saliva has some healing properties. But my very strong recommendation is that you confine yourself to licking your own wounds.""
In legend.
There are many legends involving healing wounds by licking them or applying saliva. The Saint Magdalena de Pazzi is said to have cured a nun of sores and scabs in 1589 by licking her limbs. The Roman Emperor Vespasian is said to have performed a healing of a blind man using his saliva. Pliny the Elder in his Natural History reported that a fasting woman's saliva is an effective cure for bloodshot eyes. A Filipino belief, usog, holds that a child afflicted by the evil eye by a stranger can be relieved of their distress by applying the stranger's saliva to their body.
Risks.
There are potential health hazards in wound licking due to infection risk, especially in immunocompromised patients. Human saliva contains a wide variety of bacteria that are harmless in the mouth, but that may cause significant infection if introduced into a wound. A notable case was a diabetic man who licked his bleeding thumb following a minor bicycle accident, and subsequently had to have the thumb amputated after it became infected with "Eikenella corrodens" from his saliva. The practice of metzitzah during circumcision is controversial as it can transmit the herpes virus to the infant. Attempting to suck out venom following a snakebite may also introduce infection.
Licking of people's wounds by animals.
In history and legend.
Dog saliva has been said by many cultures to have curative powers in people. ""Langue de chien, langue de médecin"" is a French saying meaning ""A dog's tongue is a doctor's tongue"", and a Latin quote that ""Lingua canis dum lingit vulnus curat"" or ""A dog's tongue, licking a wound, heals it"" appears in a thirteenth-century manuscript. In Ancient Greece, dogs at the shrine of Aesculapius were trained to lick patients, and snake saliva was also applied to wounds. Saint Roch in the Middle Ages was said to have been cured of a plague of sores by licking from his dog. The Assyrian Queen Semiramis is supposed to have attempted to resurrect the slain Armenian king Ara the Beautiful by having the dog god Aralez lick his wounds. In the Scottish Highlands in the nineteenth century, dog lick was believed to be effective for treating wounds and sores. In the Gospel of Luke (16:19-31), Lazarus the Beggar's sores are licked by dogs, though this does not seem to be curative.
Modern cases.
There are contemporary reports of the healing properties of dog saliva. Fijian fishermen are reported to allow dogs to lick their wounds to promote healing, and a case of dog saliva promoting wound healing was reported in the "Lancet" medical journal.
Risks.
As with the licking of wounds by people, wound licking by animals carries a risk of infection. Allowing pet cats to lick open wounds can cause cellulitis and septicemia due to bacterial infections. Licking of open wounds by dogs could transmit rabies if the dog is infected with rabies, although this is said by the CDC to be rare. Dog saliva has been reported to complicate the healing of ulcers. Another issue is the possibility of an allergy to proteins in the saliva of pets, such as Fel d 1 in cat allergy and Can f 1 in dog allergy. Cases of serious infection following the licking of wounds by pets include:
Idiomatic use.
To "lick your wounds" means to "to withdraw temporarily while recovering from a defeat"
The phrase was spoken by Antony in John Dryden's seventeenth century play "All for Love":

</doc>
<doc id="18722796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722796" title="Yang Yang (baseball)">
Yang Yang (baseball)

Yang Yang (; born 19 May 1986 in Beijing, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722813" title="Jia Yubing">
Jia Yubing

Jia Yubing (born 1983-02-18 in Beijing) is a Chinese baseball player. He was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722814" title="H.N. Werkman College">
H.N. Werkman College

H.N. Werkman College is a Dutch High School in the city of Groningen. The school is named after the Dutch artist, typographer and printer Hendrik Nicolaas Werkman. The school is divided over four buildings: Centrum, Dalton, Kluiverboom and Vinkenstraat. In 2006 the school had 1352 students and 130 employees. The current rector of the H.N. Werkmancollege is C. Japenga.
The school offers the streams vmbo-tl, havo and vwo. It also has a Technasium department.
History.
The building at the Sint-Jansstraat was originally a department of the Heymans Lyceum. When the Heymans Lyceum merged with the Röling College in 1980, it offered havo and vwo. In the building at the Schoolstraat was a department of the Van Randwijck mavo. Following a merger of the Röling College and the Thorbecke College, the school was renamed to H.N. Werkmancollege in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18722821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722821" title="Capital Museum">
Capital Museum

The Capital Museum (Chinese: 首都博物馆) is an art museum in Beijing, China. It opened in 1981 and moved into its present building in 2006, which houses a large collection of ancient porcelain, bronze, calligraphy, painting, jade, sculpture, and Buddhist statues from imperial China as well as other Asian cultures
Part of the museum's collections were formerly housed in the Confucius Temple on Guozijian Road in Beijing.
Overview.
The Beijing Capital Museum today contains over 200,000 cultural relics in its collection, only a small fraction of it are exhibited, and a significant percentage of the museum's art collection came from artifacts unearthed in Beijing.
The Capital Museum was established in 1981 with a collection of some 83,000 objects. Although the museum pales in comparison to the visitors received in other major art museums in Beijing, such as the Palace Museum in the Forbidden City, the National Museum of China, and the National Art Museum of China; it has since then became one of the leading cultural institutions in the city, with the first five months of 2007 receiving more than 166,000 visitors.
The present Capital Museum's building's massive roof and the gradient at the entrance square was influenced by the design from ancient Chinese architecture, and the stone-made exterior wall was meant to symbolize imagery of the city walls and towers in ancient China. A piece of danbi (a massive stone carved with images of dragon, phoenix and imperial artifacts) is embedded on the ground in front of the north gate of the museum, whereas a decorative archway from the Ming Dynasty is set in the receptional hall in which shows the "central axis" feature that are commonly seen in Chinese architecture. The Bronze Exhibition Hall, which has an oval-shape, was also meant to symbolize the unearthing of ancient relics by its slanting design in which extends from the ground to the exterior of the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18722832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722832" title="Zhang Yufeng">
Zhang Yufeng

Zhang Yufeng (; born 9 February 1977 in Shanghai, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
His is currently the manager of the Shanghai Golden Eagles of the China Baseball League.

</doc>
<doc id="18722839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722839" title="New Jersey Lady Stallions">
New Jersey Lady Stallions

New Jersey Lady Stallions were a W-League club based in Wayne, New Jersey, associated with the former Men's USL team, the New Jersey Stallions. The team folded after the 2004 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18722840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722840" title="Sacomar, Angola">
Sacomar, Angola

Sacomar is a railway town in southern Angola.
Transport.
It is the location of marshalling yards associated with the nearby port of Namibe.

</doc>
<doc id="18722841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722841" title="James A. McNamara">
James A. McNamara

James A. McNamara, Jr. (born in San Francisco) is an American-trained board certified orthodontist well known for his contribution to the field of cephalometry with the form of cephalometric analysis that bears his name.
Biography.
Training.
James A McNamara, Jr., DDS PhD is a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley. He attended dental school at the University of California, San Francisco, and continued on to a postgraduate residency in orthodontics at the same institution. He then attended the University of Michigan, where he received a doctorate is in anatomy in 1972.
Current endeavors.
McNamara currently serves as the "Thomas M. and Doris Graber Endowed Professor of Dentistry" in the Department of Orthodontics and Pediatric Dentistry at the University of Michigan School of Dentistry, professor of cell and developmental biology at the University of Michigan Medical School and research scientist at the Center for Human Growth and Development.
McNamara is a member and past-president of the Midwest component of the Edward H. Angle Society of Orthodontists. He served as the chairman of the Council on Scientific Affairs of the American Association of Orthodontics from 1993 to 1996, and is currently the editor-in-chief of Craniofacial Growth Monograph Series, a 41-volume work published through the University of Michigan.
McNamara is the author of over 190 scientific articles, has written, edited or otherwise contributed to 53 textbooks and has presented lectures in 43 countries. Of particular note is his seminal work, "Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics", used as a text in many orthodontic courses. He developed a form of cephalometric analysis referred to as the McNamara method of analysis.
He has maintained a private orthodontic practice in Ann Arbor, Michigan since 1971.
He lives with his wife, Charlene, in Ann Arbor, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="18722842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722842" title="The Pillowcase EP">
The Pillowcase EP

The Pillowcase EP is a collaboration between alternative rock artist Matthew Sweet and Bangles singer Susanna Hoffs. Released by Shout! Factory in 2006 in collaboration with Parasol Records as a double-7" vinyl, it contains 4 cover versions of favorite songs from the 1960s. It was designed as a companion piece to Sweet and Hoffs' album, Under the Covers, Vol. 1. Two of the tracks on the EP appear on that album, while the other two tracks were exclusive to the EP.
Track listing.
"* tracks exclusive to this EP"

</doc>
<doc id="18722843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722843" title="Komarthy">
Komarthy

Komarthy is a village in Andhra Pradesh, India.

</doc>
<doc id="18722847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722847" title="Jia Delong">
Jia Delong

Jia Delong (; born 4 July 1985 in Dalian, Liaoning, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722849" title="Unbeatable Harold">
Unbeatable Harold

Unbeatable Harold is a 2006 romantic comedy film directed by Ari Palitz. Its starring actors include Gordon Michaels, Nicole DeHuff, Henry Winkler, Gladys Knight, Charles Durning, Taryn Manning, Phyllis Diller, Lourdes Benedicto and Dylan McDermott. An earlier version of the film was originally shown at film festivals in 2006: at the ISIS theater in Aspen in March 2006 at the HBO Comedy Festival and at the Waterfront Film Festival in Saugatuck, Michigan. In 2008, new scenes were filmed and added, and the film was completely re-edited. A new Original Music Score composed by Mike Reagan was also added. It was released theatrically in June 2009 in North America. 
The movie was released on DVD on February 23, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18722853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722853" title="William Douglas Stewart">
William Douglas Stewart

William Douglas Stewart (born 26 March 1938 at Victoria, British Columbia) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a lawyer by career.
He was first elected at the Okanagan—Kootenay riding in the 1968 general election. Stewart was re-elected there in the 1972 election, but did not seek a third term in federal office after completing his term in the 29th Canadian Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18722856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722856" title="Hou Fenglian">
Hou Fenglian

Hou Fenglian (; born 11 July 1980 in Tianjin, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722865" title="Edmonton Aviators Women">
Edmonton Aviators Women

Edmonton Aviators Women were a W-League club based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, associated with former the Men's USL team, the Edmonton Aviators. The women team folded after the 2004 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18722866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722866" title="Sun Wei">
Sun Wei

Sun Wei (born 1976-09-11 in Beijing) is a Chinese baseball player who is a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722871" title="Don Diablo">
Don Diablo

Don Pepijn Schipper (born 27 February 1980), also known as Don Diablo, is a Dutch DJ and producer of electronic dance music. He is known for his eclectic style of production and vocalizing in most of his songs.
Biography.
Don Pepijn Schipper was born in Coevorden, Netherlands in February 27, 1980. He started early with music signing his first record deal at age fifteen. At the end of 2005, Don Diablo founded his own record label and event brand, Sellout Sessions, raising his profile in his native country, the Netherlands. Success followed soon after with underground hits like "Blow", "Who's Your Daddy", "Pain Is Temporary, Pride Is Forever", "Hooligans" and "Animale". "Blow" was the first single to create a big buzz on international club scenes getting licensed to over ten countries. He also completed his studies obtaining a Bachelor's degree in journalism. 
Don Diablo's hectic tour schedule has taken him to UK, USA, Australia, Japan, Brazil, Israel, and playing at clubs and festivals like "Passion" club in London as resident DJ in 2002, to Ministry of Sound, Gatecrasher, Dancevalley, Godskitchen, Impulz, Mysteryland, Creamfields, Haoman 17, Turnmills, Innercity, Extrema Outdoorn, ElectroNation and Razzmatazz and Space (Ibiza) to name a few. Enjoying great diversity, he has produced for diverse number of artists such as Kelis, Alex Clare, Diplo, Example, Dragonette and Noisia. Other artists include Rox, Sidney Samson, Ou Est Le Swimming Pool and remixes for Tinie Tempah, Mika, The Chemical Brothers, Cassius, Gorillaz, Public Enemy, Iggy Pop, Plump DJs. Don Diablo has been very active in the blog scene. According to North American music blog aggregator The Hype Machine, he was named "Most Blogged Artist" in the world several times which brought publicity to the producer.
Don Diablo discovered and licensed the UK top 3 chart hit "Exceeder" by Mason. The record was originally signed to Middle of the Road, a record label set up by Don Diablo and well-known Amsterdam-based club promoter Roy Avni (Electro Nation).
In 2013 Diablo released his new songs on labels such as Axwell's Axtone, Nicky Romero's Protocol Recordings, Steve Angello's Size X imprint and several tracks on the Spinnin' Records label. Warner Brothers had also asked Don to create the official theme song for the 2013 video game "".
His club anthem "Starlight (Could You Be Mine)" with UK DJ/producer Matt Nash was debuted during the last Swedish House Mafia concert, after Axwell signed it to his label. The song became a Beatport Top 5 hit after gaining support from various major artists, such as Tiësto, Avicii, Martin Solveig and Tommy Trash. This led to several of his other releases reaching the Beatport Top 10. The music video, directed by Kyle Padilla, was published on February 7, 2014, around seven months after its release.
During the year, Pete Tong debuted on six of Don's releases in his BBC Radio 1 show. He had residency at Las Vegas' night club "Light", played the Departures Ibiza closing party alongside Axwell and Sebastian Ingrosso, toured UK with Nicky Romero, a and had a sold out solo tour in Asia and the USA, closing it with a gig in New York City on Pier94 with Alesso.
In 2014, Don is premiering with his brand new visual concept "The Hexagon" with Los Angeles-based visual company "VSquared Labs", the creative brains behind the visual shows of Amon Tobin and Skrillex.
He has now moved from Netherlands to London to work on his album due for release later this year.
Charity.
Don Diablo was the first ambassador for Dance4Life, an international UN-supported action campaign to fight back against HIV and AIDS. Don travelled to South Africa to visit several Dance4Life affiliated projects in Johannesburg and Cape Town. MTV Networks shot an intense documentary of Don’s visit to these projects.

</doc>
<doc id="18722873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722873" title="Mozu Station">
Mozu Station

Layout.
いっとうしょうたいそう 2004年4月 - 2005年3月
たこやきマントマン主題歌 2005年4月 - 2008年3月
レッツゴーたいそう 2008年4月 - 2011年3月
パピーたいそう 2011年4月 -

</doc>
<doc id="18722874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722874" title="Niño Ricardo">
Niño Ricardo

Niño Ricardo (11 July 1904-14 April 1972), born as Manuel Serrapí, was a Flamenco composer, considered by some sources as the most accomplished flamenco player of his day. He played a significant part in the evolution of the flamenco guitar. He lived in the city center of Sevilla. A child guitar prodigy, his early audiences referred to him as the son of Ricardo, leading to his stage-name Niño Ricardo.
Playing style.
His career began in 1924 by accompanying La Niña de los Peines. His fingernails grew in a peculiar upward curve, a fact that influenced his playing style and tone. After a throat operation in 1945, he acquired a deep, raspy voice that is audible on recordings in which he hums along and offers encouraging remarks to the singer.
Musical influences.
Ricardo was influenced by fellow flamenco players, including: Pinto, Torre, El Niño Gloria, Escacena, and Antonio Mairena. He spent his early years playing in the taverns and bars of Seville where he developed his own personal style and created much of his own material. He was inspired by the great threesome of flamenco guitar; Ramón Montoya, Manolo de Huelva, and Javier Molina, by whom he was guided at the start of his professional career in the Salon Variedades in Seville. Ricardo recorded with many singers, including Pastora, El Carbonerillo, Mazaco, Antonio and Manuel Mairena, Fernanda y Bernarda, Caracol and Talega.
Personal life.
Born as Manuel Serrapí on 11 July 1904, he was one of two children. The son of Ricardo and Carmen Serrapí, he was born in southern Spain and began playing guitar as a young child. He married Lola Siguenza in his early twenties and had two children with her. He reportedly had several affairs with other women while touring, thus there are two more children he is considered to be the father of.
Death.
Niño Ricardo died of cirrhosis of the liver in 1972 at the age of 68. In 2004, celebrations of the 100 years since the birth of Niño Ricardo were held in southern Spain.
Legacy.
According to the book ""Flamenco: Gypsy Dance and Music from Andalusia"" by Claus Schreiner, the period after the Spanish Civil War and World War II flamenco guitar music was largely dominated by the style of performers like Niño Ricardo and Sabicas. Many modern flamenco guitarists were influenced by Ricardo such as Paco de Lucia, Paco Peña and Juan Martín.

</doc>
<doc id="18722883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722883" title="Sun Lingfeng">
Sun Lingfeng

Sun Lingfeng (; born 14 August 1978 in Beijing, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722891" title="Uenoshiba Station">
Uenoshiba Station

Layout.
This station has 2 side platforms serving a track each. The tracks are loceted on the each side of the passing tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18722896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722896" title="Calgary Wildfire">
Calgary Wildfire

Calgary Wildfire were a W-League club based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18722897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722897" title="Zhang Hongbo">
Zhang Hongbo

Zhang Hongbo (; born 6 June 1980 in Panzhihua, Sichuan, China) is a Chinese baseball player who is a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722899" title="2008 Copa Sudamericana preliminary stage">
2008 Copa Sudamericana preliminary stage

This is the Preliminary Round of the Copa Sudamericana 2008 tournament. The teams that have qualified for the preliminary round are the second placed teams from each South American country, excluding Brazil and Argentina. A total of 8 teams will play in two-legged matches. Four teams will proceed to the next round. "Team 1" will play the first leg at home. The away goals rule will be employed in this round. The preliminary round is schedule to be played between July 29 and August 21.

</doc>
<doc id="18722907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722907" title="Tsukuno Station">
Tsukuno Station

Layout.
This station has 2 side platforms serving a track each.

</doc>
<doc id="18722923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722923" title="Sirarpie Der Nersessian">
Sirarpie Der Nersessian

Sirarpie Der Nersessian (; September 5, 1896 – July 5, 1989) was an Armenian art historian who specialized in Armenian and Byzantine studies. Der Nersessian was a renowned academic and a pioneer in Armenian art history. She taught at several institutions in the United States, including Wellesley College in Massachusetts and as Henri Focillon Professor of Art and Archaeology at Harvard University. She was a senior fellow at Dumbarton Oaks, its deputy director from 1954–55 and 1961–62 and a member of its Board of Scholars. Der Nersessian was also a member of several international institutions such as the British Academy (1975), the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres (1978) and the Armenian Academy of Sciences (1966).
Biography.
Education.
Der Nersessian was born the youngest of three children in Constantinople in 1896. She came from a well-to-do family and her maternal uncle happened to be the Armenian Patriarch of Constantinople, Maghakia Ormanian. Her parents died while she was still young: her mother Akabi, when she was nine, and her father Mihran, when she was eighteen. She graduated from Yesayan Parochial School and the English High School in Constantinople, gaining fluency in Armenian, English and French at an early age. In 1915, during the height of the Armenian Genocide, Der Nersessian and her sister Arax (by then orphans) were forced to leave for Europe, where they took up residence in Geneva. Der Nersessian studied at the University of Geneva for several years until settling in Paris, France in 1919.
Der Nersessian was admitted to Sorbonne University, studying history at the École des Hautes Études de l'université de Paris. She studied under the notable Byzantinologists Charles Diehl and Gabriel Millet and art historian Henri Focillon. In 1922, she became Millet's assistant, and with his help, published one of her first articles in 1929. The two theses (graduates students then had to submit two theses) that she presented for her "doctorat d'etat", "L'illustration du roman de Barlaam et Joasaph" and a paper on Armenian illuminated manuscripts during the late medieval period, were well-received (earning a "Mention très honorable"), and both of them were awarded with prizes by the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres and "Revue des Études Grecques" when they were published in 1937.
Professor and pioneer.
In 1930, Der Nersessian moved to the United States at the suggestion of her three mentors, Byzantinists Charles Rufus Morey, Albert M. Friend Jr., and Walter Cook, becoming a part-time lecturer at Wellesley College in Massachusetts. She taught art history at Wellesley, quickly gaining a full professorship and later becoming the chairwoman of the Department of Art History and Director of Farnsworth Museum. Der Nersessian was the first woman to teach Byzantine art at a woman’s college, the first woman to be decorated with the medal of Saint Gregory the Illuminator by His Holiness Catholicos Vazgen I in 1960, the first woman invited to lecture at the Collège de France in Paris, the only woman in her time to gain full professorship at Dumbarton Oaks, and the second woman to be honored with a gold medal from the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1970. In 1947, she received the Achievement Award from the American Association of University Women. 
Der Nersessian remained at Dumbarton Oaks until 1978, when she retired to France and lived with her sister in Paris. Upon retirement, she had her entire library shipped to the Matenadaran in Yerevan, so as to better help Armenian scholars in their studies. Shortly after her death in 1989, an endowment fund for prospective art history students in Armenia, Fonds Sirarpie Der Neressian at the Institut de Recherches sur les Miniatures Arméno-Byzantines, was created in her honor.
Select bibliography.
Der Nersessian's work primarily concerned Armenian art history, including the study of church architecture, illuminated manuscripts, miniatures and sculpture. Below is a partial list of books and articles that she authored.

</doc>
<doc id="18722925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722925" title="Feng Fei">
Feng Fei

Feng Fei (; born 18 February 1983 in Chengdu, Sichuan, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722941" title="South Halmahera languages">
South Halmahera languages

The South Halmahera languages are the branch of Austronesian languages found along the southeast coast of the island of Halmahera in the Indonesian province of North Maluku. Irarutu is spoken in the east of the Bomberai Peninsula in West Papua province. 
Most of the languages are only known from short word lists, but Buli is fairly well attested.

</doc>
<doc id="18722948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722948" title="Karachiman">
Karachiman

Karachiman is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18722949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722949" title="Alexander Black House">
Alexander Black House

The Alexander Black House is a historical house of Queen Anne Victorian architectural style located in Blacksburg, Virginia, USA. The house was built around 1897. The owner, Alexander Black, was a great-great-grandson of Samuel Black, who bought the land on which Blacksburg is now located. Alexander Black was a prominent businessman in the town, and his first house reflected the typical design of homes in Blacksburg at the time. When that house burned down, he chose to build a new house in the Queen Anne style. The house features elements such as steep cross-gabled roofs, gingerbread trim, towers, and vertical windows.
The Black family lived in the house until 1935, when Alexander Black died. The house was then used as a funeral home until 2002. To accommodate its use as a funeral home, the wraparound porch was enclosed, and some interior walls were removed to provide gathering areas. The second-floor balcony and some of the bay windows were enclosed as well, and the house was given vinyl siding.
In 2002, the town proposed a retail development named Kent Square for the downtown area. The site of the Alexander Black House was planned to be occupied by a 400-stall parking garage. The town council allocated $2 million toward development of the parking garage, and they also purchased the house and made plans for its preservation. The town council then had the house moved to a new location on Draper Road and began the restoration process.
In 2008, Blacksburg officials began considering an expansion of the National Register of Historic Places District in the town, likely including the Alexander Black House. There are also plans to restore the Alexander Black House so it can house the Blacksburg Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18722953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722953" title="Li Lei (baseball)">
Li Lei (baseball)

Li Lei (; born 24 June 1984 in Beijing, China) is a Chinese baseball player who is a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18722958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722958" title="Diego Benedito Galvão Máximo">
Diego Benedito Galvão Máximo

Diego Benedito Galvão Máximo, commonly known as Diego (born 22 April 1986) is a Brazilian football player. He currently plays for Paykan in the Iran Pro League.
Club career.
Diego had a spell with Pogoń Szczecin in the Polish Ekstraklasa during 2007.
He moved to Payam for 2008-09 season where he had good performances but, because of the relegation of the team, he moved to Esteghlal Ahvaz in the Summer of 2009 where his team was relegated again.
Club Career Statistics.
Last Update 11 December 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="18722965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722965" title="Yelamanchili – Konda Kameswara Peta">
Yelamanchili – Konda Kameswara Peta

Yelamanchili – Konda Kameswara Peta is a village in Jalumuru mandal of Srikakulam district, in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. around from the district headquarters (Srikakulam) and about from the Mandal headquarters (Jalumuru).
This is the third biggest revenue village in this mandal after Srimukhalingam and Allada.
Population of the village is around 3000 and about 200 families living in this village.
This village has a Primary School, ZPH School, Branch Post Office and also a Primary Health Center.
The "Endla Kameswara Swamy" temple is located in this village. The temple is about from the village. This temple is famous for the "Vana Bhojanaalu" and Kaarteeka Maasa picnics (Winter Picnics).

</doc>
<doc id="18722970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722970" title="Ōtori Station">
Ōtori Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18722977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722977" title="Annegret Wittkamp">
Annegret Wittkamp

Annegret Wittkamp is a fictional character on the German soap opera "Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love)". She was portrayed by an unknown actress in 1996. In 2008 the actress Ursula Heyer, who is well known as the dubbing voice of Joan Collins, took over the role and debuted on-screen on August 26, 2008. She left the show on November 25, 2008 after her three months contract was up.
Character's background.
Annegret is the alcoholic mother of Tanja von Anstetten and comes 1996 to Düsseldorf. She disgraced herself and Tanja in front for aristocratic Anstetten family and the press. Soon after, Annegret leaves town and was not seen for years. 
But in August 2008, Annegret comes back to Düsseldorf to look after her daughter, after she heard that she will marry the rich aristocratic Ansgar von Lahnstein. Charlie Schneider is the first to know, that Annegret is back in town and uses this information to shock her old enemy, Tanja. Annegret wants to make peace with her daughter and have a place in her life, after she mentions that her husband Walter died not long ago. But Tanja refuses to let her mother back in her life, after all what happened between them. Soon, Ansgar, who not marries Tanja out of love and wants her out of his life, and his former wife and current lover Nathalie get suspicious about Tanja's relationship with her mother and want to find out what really happened between back then. Ansgar finds a big lead, when he is asking after Tanja's younger brother Thomas, who died under mysterious circumstance with young eight years. Ansgar believes that Tanja might have something to do with the death of her brother and wants to use Annegret for that. But the old lady refuses to help him and tries to find her way back in Tanja's life. But Tanja can't forgive her mother and rejects her again and again. Annegret, an alcoholic, starts drinking again after a fight with her daughter. Ansgar finds her and finally sees his chance to find out what really happened. But Tanja can rescue herself and takes "care" of her mother. She employs the former jail-keeper Ulla Müller to hold her mother as a hostage and give her pills, so she couldn't remember anything and would go crazy with time. However, when Tanja is out of town, Ansgar and Nathalie try to find Annegret. After some misleads, they do and get locked-up by Ulla Müller too. But the police is already informed and can rescue them and Annegret's life. When Annegret is getting better and comes back to Castle Königsbrunn, Ansgar is sure that she is ready to tell the truth about Tanja, the kidnapping and about what happened to her brother Thomas. But when the police is already there, Annegret refuses to turn Tanja in and takes side with her daughter once again. But then finally, Annegret wants to open up to the entire Lahnstein family, but it's not what Ansgar hoped for. Annegret begins to tell what really happened in Tanja's childhood. She tells them about the beats from her own father and how her younger brother Thomas tried to protect Tanja. But he fell down the stairs after his father pushed him, when he tried again to look out for his older sister. Thomas died right after the fall. Tanja's father took the blame on her. Annegret didn't stud up for her daughter and both made Tanja responsible for Thomas death. After that Tanja was in a psychiatric institution for two years. When Annegret tells that in front of the entire Lahnstein family, she also begs for Tanja's forgiveness, when Tanja breaks down in tears.
After the Lahnstein's know everything about Tanja's past, Ansgar tries to use his mother-in-law once again to get out of his marriage with Tanja. He tries to provoke her with Annegret, which leads to Tanja to pressure her mother to leave Düsseldorf for good. Annegret agrees, but only under one condition: Tanja needs to bring her to the airport. On the way, Annegret gives the situation a last try and tries to make peace with Tanja. She goes so far, that she blackmails Tanja to commit suicide. Tanja won't listen and believes it's only an emotional blackmail from her mother, when Annegret surprises her daughter for the first time and kills herself.

</doc>
