<doc id="18604712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604712" title="Dino Attanasio">
Dino Attanasio

Dino Attanasio (real name Edoardo Attanasio, born 8 May 1925) is a Belgian (with Italian roots) author of comics.
Biography.
Attanasio was born in Milan.
After studies at the Academy of Arts of Milan, Dino Attanasio started to work in illustration and animation in the 1940s. He moved to Belgium in 1948 with his brother Gianni, also an artist. Shortly after his arrival, the young artist got in contact with "Tintin" magazine, for which he drew some illustrations, and decided to devote himself to comics. In the 1950s, he published "Criche e Croc" in the Italian magazine "Il Giornalino" and "Fanfan et Polo" in "La Libre Belgique" with scripts by Jean-Michel Charlier and then René Goscinny. At that time, he also worked for "Spirou" magazine with some contributions to "Les Belles Histoires de l'Oncle Paul". In 1954, he published "Pastis et Dynamite" in "Line" with Greg.
He became popular in the late 1950s and 1960s thanks to "The Adventures of Signor Spaghetti", a comic series he created with Goscinny, published in "Tintin" after 1957.
From 1959 à 1962 he published in Femmes d'aujourd'hui the comics series version of "Les Aventures de Bob Morane", a series of novels written by Henri Vernes and for which he made some illustrations and art covers in the Marabout Junior collection. However, he is replaced for this job by Gérald Forton. Then, from 1961 to 1968, he took over the series "Modeste et Pompon", originally created by Franquin.
After his departure from "Tintin "in 1968, Attanasio started working for the Dutch market, creating the series "Johnny Goodbye" with Martin Lodewijk and Patty Klein for "Eppo" and "Pep", with "Bandoneon" (with Delporte) in Pep and with "De Macaroni's" (with Dick Matena), but also for Italian magazines with "Ambroise et Gino" in "Corriere dei piccoli". From 1974 to 1986 he took on the "Spaghetti" series again in "Formule 1", published in albums by Archers. In 1991 Attanasio created a comic adaptation of Boccaccio's literary classic "Decameron" with his son, published by Lefrancq. In 1994, he took over the series "Bob Morane" for one story only. Since then, new works have made rarer and some have publishers rediscovered some of his works, as "Carnets de route" in 1999 by Point Image and since 2002 some shorts stories originally published in "Tintin", by Loup.

</doc>
<doc id="18604736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604736" title="XDA Flame">
XDA Flame

The XDA Flame is a Pocket PC device (also called PDA or Personal Digital Assistant) first released in May 2007, produced by Arima Communications and originally distributed by O2 Asia Pacific & Middle East. This device belongs to a wide O2 Xda device family, including XDA Atom, XDA Atom Life, XDA Zinc, XDA Orbit (aka HTC Artemis), XDA Stealth, XDA II Mini (aka HTC Magician), XDA IIs (aka HTC Blueangel), XDA II (aka HTC Himalaya) and XDA (aka HTC Wallaby). It is one of the first Pocket PC device that was enabled with 3D accelerated graphics nVidia's GoForce 5500 graphic processor (GPU). XDA Flame is also a 3G enabled phone (UMTS 2100 / GSM 900 / GSM 1800 / GSM 1900) with VGA touch screen, 2GB flash memory, 128MB RAM, Intel XScale PXA 270 520 MHz processor and integrated FM radio.
Specifications.
As of 2010, the specifications are these:
Brief history.
In May 2007, O2 Asia Pacific & Middle East released the XDA Flame. O2's cooperation with nVidia and CodeMonkeys allowed this company to advertise their new product easily, because there was a big demand on the market for a 3D graphics enabled PDA, with a lot of internal memory and many additional functions like USB On-The-Go and TV-out. However, at the end of 2007, O2 began to release new products and they stopped supporting this device, passing all copyrights to a new company called Mobile & Wireless Group (MWg). MWg has released XDA Flame under its own brand with Bluetooth 2.0. Many Flame owners felt a relief knowing that someone will still support their devices. Yet, after a half year, MWg resigned from further supporting this device on its main site and created O2 Asia Support where users can still get a support. In the near future Mwg is planning to release a Flame successor called Flame II with probably Windows Phone 7.
Device issues.
XDA Flame has several software bugs. From the beginning MWg's support center have not released a new Windows Mobile 6 version since it appeared on the market.
After some time a class action lawsuit page was established to raise awareness of the problem, similar to HTC TyTN II case.
"(...)"We as customers have the right to demand fixes and support for a device that retailed for around $1500 dollars (expensive to say the least). We will also investigate a possible class action suit against O2 / MWG for this as well as lack of support. The class action law suit will only be a last resort if all else fails and information is been seeked on such an action at the moment. We hope that MWG shows itself to be the leading edge company it promotes itself to be and this not be necessary. However as of yet we have had only vague promises of Windows Mobile 6 coming to this device. What we ask is that MWG/O2 do as promised and publicly announce that they will “attempt” to fix these issues and deliver Windows Mobile 6. We are all just looking to use what we purchased nothing more."(...)" - Osborne T. MWG/O2 XDA Flame Unfulfilled Promises Class Action Lawsuit, 24th March 2008
Battling with the lack of support by MWG and nVidia, community users have repackaged many Windows Mobile ROM images by their own. After several months dealing with some issues (as "sleeping beauty", which caused the device not to wake up from suspension; or a long-standing SDHC problem with Wifi), there have aroused stable and fully functionals ROMs including versions with Windows Mobile 6.1 and SDHC. , community driven support for the Geforce 5500 GPU is still improving but far from fully functional.
Maintenance.
To perform soft-reset on XDA Flame - put stylus in a hole next to a microphone.
To perform hard-reset on XDA Flame - while pressing Camera and Comm buttons (two buttons on the left and right at the bottom of the device) soft-reset device. When asked, user should press left soft-key (YES).
OS updating.
Operating system (OS) updating, which is also called "flashing", is a process similar to installing a new Windows on a PC.
On PDAs, Windows Mobile ""disk image"" or ""ROM image"" (archive containing OS files) is installed in internal flash memory.
XDA Flame OS updating steps:
Internal devices.
1) Intel XScale PXA270
Application Processor
Vendor: Marvell (or Intel, which sold this processor family to Marvell in June 2006)
Product code: PXA270C5C520
Developer's manual: http://balloonboard.org/hardware/300/ds/PXA270-dev-manual.pdf
Developer's guide: http://upload.caxapa.ru/books/arm-system-developers-guide-desi.pdf
2) 2 × 64MB Hynix low power SDRAM
Vendor: Hynix
Product code: HY5S7B2LFP-H
Frequency 133 MHz, CAS Latency 3, 4banks × 4Mb × 32, interface LVCMOS
Datasheet: http://www.hynix.com/datasheet/pdf/dram/HY5S7B2LF(P)-xE_series(Rev1.0).pdf
3) 2 × 32MB Intel StrataFlash wireless memory L18 in stacked chip scale packaging
64MB stacked together into one chip
Vendor: Intel
Product code: 4400L0YTP0
NOR, 1.8 Volt I/O, Individual Chip Enables, Non Mux, x32 Ballout
Quick reference guide: http://sunsite.rediris.es/pub/mirror/intel/flcomp/linecard/qrg.pdf
Resources: http://www.intel.com/design/flcomp/prodbref/251890.htm
4) mDOC H3
2GB NAND Embedded Flash Drive
Vendor: M-Systems (bought by SanDisk in 2006)
Product code: MD2533-d16G-X-P
Extensive datasheet: http://www.koningenhartman.com/NR/rdonlyres/5FC598EF-9CF6-4F5E-8885-E5A5A14633C7/0/mDOC_H3_Data_Sheet_Rev1.pdf
Brochure: http://uk.sandisk.com/Assets/File/OEM/WhitePapersAndBrochures/iNAND/EFD_brochure.pdf
5) LP3971 National Semiconductor power management unit
Chip sign: VM67RA 71-B410
Datasheet: http://www.ed-china.com/ARTICLES/2006JUN/3/2006JUN13_PM_POW_TS_4.PDF?SOURCES=DOWNLOAD
6) TSN74AVC16T245 16-bit dual-supply bus transceiver
Chip sign: 61A4R4J G1 WF245
Resources: http://focus.ti.com/docs/prod/folders/print/sn74avc16t245.html
7) bq24032A dual-input Li-ion charger
Chip sign: BPE TI 6BK AHL J
Resources: http://focus.ti.com/docs/prod/folders/print/bq24032a.html
8) TPS65110 Triple Chargepump for LTPS LCD
Resources: http://focus.ti.com/docs/prod/folders/print/tps65110.html
GSM parts:
Ericsson integrated circuits (IC)
A) DB2020 R2A/7 (Baseband processor)
B) DB2102 R1A (Application processor)
C) RF2111 R1A (Radio Frequency processor)
D) RF2101 R1B (Radio Frequency processor)
E) RF2001 R1B/3 (Radio Frequency processor - transmitter)
F) AB2012 R1A (Power management IC)
G) Intel Flash Memory 3050L0YTQ2
H) NVIDIA GoForce 5500 GPU with 8MB stacked memory
Core speed: 200 MHz
Embedded SRAM: 640KB
Stacked memory: 8MB
Technical specifications: http://www.nvidia.com/page/pg_20060207466624.html
I) Wolfson WM9713G Audio and Touchscreen Controller
Resources: http://www.wolfsonmicro.com/products/WM9713/
J) BlueCore4 WLCSP Single Chip Bluetooth v2.1 + EDR System
Vendor: Cambridge Silicon Radio (CSR)
Datasheet: http://www.csrsupport.com/document.php?did=1932
K) SyChip WLAN6101
Vendor: SyChip (subsidiary of Murata)
L) Imagis ISE2200 Video Processor for TV-Out
Technical specifications: http://www.myungmin.com/products/encoder_ISE2200.php
M) Si4701 FM Radio Receiver
Vendor: Silicon Laboratories
Technical specifications: http://www.silabs.com/public/documents/tpub_doc/dshort/Broadcast/Radio_Tuners/en/Si4700_01_short.pdf
Registry tweaks.
Windows Mobile, like any Windows version, has a Windows registry. Tweaking a registry refers to changing registry entries so that many OS functions will work differently. It's commonly used among Pocket PC users to get the best performance from devices and to get to OS hidden settings.
Known tools for Pocket PC registry editing:
WM registry hives:
Editing WM registry steps:
Most registry entries can be changed by using special .cab files. Those can be made with the help of WinCE CAB Manager for PC (for example). An option that allows user to uninstall such cab file should be unchecked.
The second option for quick registry entries import is through .reg files. Those are standard .txt files saved in Unicode that can be pasted in Total Commander or imported in Resco Explorer.

</doc>
<doc id="18604743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604743" title="Kelly McCormick">
Kelly McCormick

Kelly Anne McCormick (born February 13, 1960 in Anaheim, California) is a retired female diver from the United States. She twice competed for her native country at the Summer Olympics, winning a silver (1984) and a bronze medal (1988) in the Women's 3m Springboard event. 
McCormick also claimed gold in the same event at the 1983 and 1987 Pan American Games. She was affiliated with the Ohio State University. She is the daughter of the famous diving champion Pat McCormick. 
She now coaches at the same facility where she had her last meet, the Goodwill Games at the King County Aquatic Center in Federal Way, WA.

</doc>
<doc id="18604762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604762" title="Il trionfo dell'onore">
Il trionfo dell'onore

"Il trionfo dell'onore" ("The Triumph of Honour") is an operatic 'commedia' in three acts by the Italian composer Alessandro Scarlatti, with a libretto by Francesco Antonio Tullio. It was first performed at the Teatro dei Fiorentini, Naples on 26 November 1718. It is Scarlatti's only known comic opera.
Synopsis.
Act One.
Ricardo Albenori, a dissolute young man, and his friend, the soldier Rodimarte Bombarda, arrive in Pisa, having escaped from Lucca where they had run into trouble with the law. In Lucca, Riccardo had also seduced Leonora Dorini before rejecting her in favour of Doralice Rossetti. Leonora has followed him and takes refuge with Cornelia Buffacci, Doralice's aunt. Doralice, too, is still pursuing Riccardo, who manages to convince her he loves her.
Act Two.
Erminio, Leonora's brother who is in love with Doralice, arrives in Pisa. Leonora tells him how Riccardo, Erminio's friend, seduced her. He vows to avenge her. Leonora and Doralice quarrel over Riccardo.
Act Three.
Riccardo plans to elope with Doralice but Erminio finds him and challenges him to a duel. Riccardo is wounded, repents his dissolute life and accepts Leonora's hand in marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="18604767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604767" title="Parkland College (Saskatchewan)">
Parkland College (Saskatchewan)

The Parkland College is a post-secondary educational institution in Saskatchewan, Canada. 
Vision.
Parkland College's Vision is to be the College of choice celebrating quality learning and service. The Mission is to create an innovative continuum of learning stimulating individual, community, and economic growth.
Programs.
Parkland College offers adult basic education; business and industry; career and support services; computer training; general interest; online training; SIAST & Institute programs. Select university programs are offered at the undergraduate and graduate level in partnership with University of Saskatchewan and University of Regina.
Campus.
The institute has multiple campuses in Canora; Esterhazy; Fort Qu'Appelle; Kamsack; Kelvington; Melville; Preeceville and Yorkton. 
Governance.
The Parkland College was founded by the Province of Saskatchewan in 1971 as Parkland Regional College (1973-2008). It was renamed Parkland College (2008). The college serves the educational and cultural needs of students in the Saskatchewan region. 
Partnerships.
Parkland College offers accredited educational, vocational and skills training opportunities for the province's students in partnership with the University of Regina, the University of Saskatchewan, the SIAST, and the province's various regional colleges. 
Parkland College maintains reciprocal arrangements with educational partners, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18604769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604769" title="Breakthrough (Hope 7 song)">
Breakthrough (Hope 7 song)

"Breakthrough" is the first single released from Hope 7's album, "Hope 7". It was released on September 28, 2004.
Soundtracks.
Hope 7's version of Breakthrough was featured in the Cheetah Girls Soundtrack in 2003, for which a music video was filmed. The video, which can be viewed on YouTube, has gained over 75,000 views as of July 2009 and soon after its release it was often featured on The Disney Channel, increasing the band's popularity.
It is also worth noting that in 2003 Kristi McClave provided this song for the Legally Blonde 2 Soundtrack. This version was recorded without the rest of the band, because at that time the final line-up was incomplete. However, this track was credited as being performed by Hope 7 anyway.
Music video.
The music video for Breakthrough was filmed for the Cheetah Girls Soundtrack and features the band rehearsing for a performance. At the beginning, it shows McClave saying they have three minutes and that they should rehearse one more time. Then the band starts playing Breakthrough and throughout the video it cuts between scenes from the film and the band having fun, playing their music and dancing, with one point where McClave starts jumping on a sofa that belongs to the Cheetah Girls. At the end, they have to pack up for The Cheetah Girls to play but they haven't finished performing, so they walk out still playing the song.

</doc>
<doc id="18604783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604783" title="Dietrich Jells">
Dietrich Jells

Dietrich Jells (born April 11, 1972 in Erie, PA) is a retired American football wide receiver. Jells played in the NFL from 1996-1999. In his first two seasons, Jells was a member of the New England Patriots after being drafted out of the University of Pittsburgh by the Kansas City Chiefs in the 1996 NFL Draft. With the Patriots, Jells appeared in Super Bowl XXXI, a Patriots loss. In 1998-99, Jells played with the Philadelphia Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="18604788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604788" title="Kiryat Menachem">
Kiryat Menachem

Kiryat Menachem () is a neighborhood in southwest Jerusalem. It is bordered by Ir Ganim to the south and east, Mount Ora to the west, and the Jerusalem Hills to the north. To the west are steep hills that descend toward streams that flow into Nahal Sorek to the north of Hadassah Ein Karem Hospital. The neighborhood overlooks the village of Ein Karem, Nahal Sorek, and the Sataf.
Name.
The neighborhood was named for American Zionist leader Max (Menachem) Bressler, head of the Jewish National Fund, during his lifetime.
Demographics.
Kiryat Menachem and Ir Ganim are a single geographic unit with a population of about 15,000. The neighborhood's population is quite heterogeneous, with veteran residents and new immigrants from Ethiopia and the former Soviet Union.
There are various types of housing in the neighborhood, in keeping with the population's mixture of socioeconomic levels. These include low-rise buildings and homes with gardens, mainly in Ir Ganim A and Ir Ganim B, and high-rise buildings of 4-8 stories with very small apartments throughout most of the rest of the neighborhood. Some of these buildings, particularly in Ir Ganim C and parts of Kiryat Menachem, were erected in the 1950s as temporary housing for immigrants, and are now in serious disrepair. In the 1990s urban renewal projects were carried out in these neighborhoods and some of the buildings were renovated and expanded.
Since this neighborhood is on the outskirts of Jerusalem and has a unique mixture of populations that have no easy access to the cultural and leisure activities in the city center, the Kiryat Menachem-Ir Ganim neighborhood has developed social solidarity and community institutions that make this area a pleasant place to live.
Educational institutions.
Kiryat Menachem has many educational institutions, including the Henrietta Szold Institute, National Institute for Research in the Behavioral Sciences, Guatemala School, Chabad School and Reishit state religious school built by the urban kibbutz located in the neighborhood. The local Amit high school is for both religious and non-religious students, with the vast majority of the students coming from outside the neighborhood. Kiryat Menachem's youth belong to chapters of three youth movements: Scouts, Ezra and Acharai.
Community organizations.
Various community organizations operate in Kiryat Menachem, such as:
There are many active volunteer groups in Kiryat Menachem, joined each year by graduates of the "Scouts" and "Acharai" youth movements. Further more there is also a group of national service girls from the "Bat Ami" organization.
Ganim Community Council.
Ganim Community Council serves the Kiryat Menachem, Ir Ganim and Givat Massuah neighborhoods.
The Community Council was established in the 1980s as part of the organization of Community Council throughout the city. The Community Council is administered by publicly elected leaders who serve as mediators between the community and the authorities. Ganim Community Council provides services in the areas of education, social services and leisure to a mixed population of various ages. 
The vision of Gamin Community Council is to transform the neighborhoods served by the council into places that are pleasant to live in; to improve the quality of life in the neighborhoods and to provide for the social needs of the local residents; to enable residents of different backgrounds to live together in harmony; and to build a community that is supportive, caring and involved. 
Once a year the neighborhoods' residents and organizations, led by the Community Council, hold a "Neighborhood festival" to celebrate the good works of the many organizations and increase the residents' sense of belonging to a caring community. 

</doc>
<doc id="18604790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604790" title="Michele Mitchell">
Michele Mitchell

Michele Anne Mitchell (born January 10, 1962 in Scottsdale, Arizona) is a former diver from the United States. She is a two-time Olympic medalist on the 10-meter platform, winning silver in 1984 and 1988. In 1988 she was inducted into the University of Arizona Athletic Hall of Fame and the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1995. Formerly the longtime diving coach at UA, she is the director of operations for the swimming and diving teams.
A four-time All-American at Arizona, Mitchell's accomplishments also include 1986 Sullivan Award nominee, 1989 Lawrence J. Johnson Award, 2009 Phil Boggs Award, nine-time U.S. national champion, 1985 World FINA Cup champion, 1987 Pan American Games champion, four-time U.S. Olympic Committee Athlete of the Year honoree, and American record holder for platform diving, 479.40 points for an eight-dive list.
Mitchell is also the most decorated diver in Arizona history. She serves the sport today by holding notable roles in the collegiate and world diving communities, including Chair, NCAA Swimming and Diving Rules Committee, and Chair, USA Diving, Committee for Competitive Excellence and Head Diving Coach, University of Arizona.
Mitchell has also shared her knowledge of the sport through television. Her television resume includes the 1992 Olympic Trials and Games, the 1994 and 1995 NCAA Women's Championships, and the 1993 World University Games. During the summer of 1996, she anchored the in-stadium radio broadcasts for diving at the Olympic Games in Atlanta and was the bungee jump analyst for the ESPN X-Games.
Education.
Mitchell earned a bachelor's degree in English in 1983, with a minor in athletic coaching and secondary education. She received her master's degree in sports administration in December 2000 and a doctorate in education psychology in May 2007, all from the University of Arizona.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18604811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604811" title="List of diplomatic missions of Guinea">
List of diplomatic missions of Guinea

This is a list of diplomatic missions of Guinea, excluding honorary consulates. Guinea's relations with other countries, including with West African neighbors, have improved steadily since 1985. Guinea reestablished relations with France and Germany in 1975, and with neighboring Côte d'Ivoire and Senegal in 1978. Guinea has been active in efforts toward regional integration and cooperation, especially regarding the Organisation of African Unity and the Economic Organization of West African States (ECOWAS). Guinea takes its role in a variety of international organizations seriously and participates actively in their deliberations and decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="18604813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604813" title="Zmitser Dashkevich">
Zmitser Dashkevich

Zmitser Dashkevich (); born July 20, 1981 in Yelsk Raion, Homiel Voblast) is a Belarusian politician and one of the leaders of the unregistered youth opposition movement Young Front.
In November 2006, Dashkevich was found guilty of "illegal political activity" by a Belarusian court and sentenced to 18 months in prison. Amnesty international (AI) declared him a prisoner of conscience, and the U.S. government condemned the verdict.
In March 2011, he and fellow Young Front activist Eduard Lobau were found guilty of assault one day in advance of a disputed presidential election. The Young Front activists stated that the case against them was politically motivated. Dashkevich was sentenced to two years in prison, and Lobau to four. AI again named the pair prisoners of conscience. 
According to AI, Dashkevich was offered a presidential pardon in September 2011 if he would confess his guilt, but he refused. On 18 July 2012, Belarusian authorities announced that a new investigation had been opened against Dashkevich for his "systematic and aggressive refusal to follow the instructions of the penitentiary administration." On 28 August 2012, Dashkevich was found guilty in an "in camera" trial, and another year was added to his prison sentence. On 30 October, a court ordered Dashkevich's transfer to a maximum security prison. Human Rights Watch reported that he "was being subjected to routine prison abuse, including verbal abuse, arbitrary punishments, and threats of torture, rape, and murder".
As of September 2011, Dashkevich was engaged to another Young Front activist, Nasta Palazhanka. The two married when Palazhanka visited him in Hrodno prison on 26 December 2012. Authorities stated that the couple would be allowed one more two-hour visit before Dashkevich's release, scheduled for August 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="18604819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604819" title="Mullappally Ramachandran">
Mullappally Ramachandran

Mullappally Ramachandran is a Member of Parliament for Vadakara, the strongest Communist Party of India (Marxist) bastion in Kerala. A member of the Indian National Congress, he is the son of veteran freedom fighter Sri Mullappally Gopalan.
Currently Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Mullappally Ramachandran was earlier returned five times consecutively to the 8th, 9th,10th,11th and 12th Lok Sabha from Kannur, another strong fortress of CPI (M) . 

</doc>
<doc id="18604823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604823" title="Bror Hayil">
Bror Hayil

Bror Hayil () is a kibbutz in southern Israel. Located near Sderot, it falls under the jurisdiction of Sha'ar HaNegev Regional Council. In 2007, it had a population of 462.
Etymology.
The name Bror Hayil means "selection of soldiers." It may be associated with the Jewish revolt against the Romans in the first half of the 2nd century CE.
History.
A Jewish village by this name existed during the Talmudic era. It was the site of yeshiva headed by rabbi Johanan ben Zakai. According to the Talmud, candlelight at night in Bror Hayil was a sign that a male child had been born.
On April 10, 1948, a group of Jewish immigrants from Egypt set up a camp in the area on land purchased by the Jewish National Fund. According to Israeli historian Benny Morris, the founding date of the kibbutz was May 18, whereas the kibbutz itself cites May 5. After many of the Egyptian founders left, it became the target kibbutz of the Brazilian branch of the Zionist youth movement Dror, and later Dror Habonim. Today, many residents are immigrants from Brazil. 
Bror Hayil was the only Jewish village founded between the UN Partition Plan and the Israeli Declaration of Independence.
The kibbutz was established on the land of the depopulated Palestinian village of Burayr.
In 2012, Brazil's foreign minister Antonio Patriota visited Bror Hayil. During his visit, he received a letter from a Bror Hayil resident whose daughter was killed by a Qassam rocket in 2005 in which he urges Brazil take a more active role in brokering a peace agreement.
Economy.
In addition to its agricultural pursuits, the kibbutz runs a pizza factory in partnership with the Soglowek group. Many residents work outside the kibbutz, at various factories and plants in Sderot, the Shaar Hanegev Educational Campus, Sapir College and Amdocs.
The Ben Shushan winery, established by agronomist Yuval Ben-Shoshan, released its first wine from the vintage of 1998. It uses grapes raised in the desert for its Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, as well as grapes from Kerem Ben Zimra in the Galilee. The winery produces 10,000 bottles annually in three series, Kfar Shamai, Har’el and Avdat.
Cultural institutions.
The kibbutz operates a museum of Brazilian heritage and music. One of the exhibits is the gavel used by the president of the UN General Assembly in 1948, Osvaldo Aranha of Brazil, who supported the creation of the State of Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="18604824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604824" title="Ariel Bogado">
Ariel Bogado

Ariel Gregorio Bogado Llanos (born 24 December 1983) is a Paraguayan football forward who is currently a free agent. He came back to Nacional for the 2008 Apertura tournament of Paraguay where he was one of the top scorers with 10 goals.
Mexico.
On July 2008, Bogado was loaned to Atlas of Mexico, and on 10 December 2008 it was announced that Bogado was playing now for U.A.N.L. for Clausura 2009.
His contract in Paraguay ended and he is currently unattached.

</doc>
<doc id="18604828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604828" title="Follow Thru (musical)">
Follow Thru (musical)

Follow Thru (musical) is a musical comedy with book by B. G. DeSylva and Laurence Schwab, lyrics by B. G. DeSylva and Lew Brown, music by Ray Henderson.
Produced by Laurence Schwab and Frank Mandell, the Broadway production, opened on January 9, 1929 at the Chanin’s 46th St. Theatre for a total run of 401 performances. The show was directed by Edgar MacGregor and used set designs by Donald Oenslager. The cast included Jack Haley, Zelma O’Neal, John Barker and Eleanor Powell.
Called “a musical slice of country club life”, the plot involved a golf match at a country club. This was the first Broadway success for Eleanor Powell. The show produced several songs that are now standards, including “Button Up Your Overcoat”, “My Lucky Star”, and “I Want to be Bad”.
Songs.
Act I
Act II

</doc>
<doc id="18604843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604843" title="USS Yew (AN-37)">
USS Yew (AN-37)

USS "Yew" (YN-32/AN-37) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was later transferred to the French Navy as "Scorpion" (A728). She was sold to Malaysian owners but sank while under tow from the former French ship when that ship struck a reef off Cikobia Island, Fiji, on 30 July 1978 and also sank.
Career.
"Yew" (YN-37) was laid down on 22 May 1941 at Camden, New Jersey, by John H. Mathis & Company; launched on 4 October 1941; sponsored by Miss Alice E. Morgan, daughter of Comdr. A. L. Morgan, USN (Ret.); and placed in service on 1 July 1942.
Records for Yew's service are practically nonexistent. The fragmentary evidence available shows that the ship was reclassified "AN-37" on 1 January 1944. The net tender was ultimately decommissioned at Oran, Algeria, on 30 November 1944 and simultaneously transferred to the French Navy under lend-lease. 
She served as "Scorpion" (A728) until she was nominally returned by the French on 21 March 1949 but was sold outright to the French on the same day. Her American name, "Yew", was struck from the Navy List on 28 April 1949.
"Scorpion" served the French Navy into the mid-1970s before she was sunk at Cikobia Island, Fiji, 30 July 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18604853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604853" title="Buckinghamshire Railway">
Buckinghamshire Railway

The Buckinghamshire Railway was a railway company in Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire, England that constructed railway lines connecting Bletchley, Banbury and Oxford. Part of the route is still in use today as the Oxford to Bicester Line.
History.
Origins.
The origins of the Buckinghamshire Railway can be traced back to the gauge and territorial wars which took place in Buckinghamshire in the 1840s. The London and Birmingham Railway (L&B) had opened a standard gauge line from to on 16 October 1837, extending to Birmingham in September 1838. In June of that year, the Great Western Railway (GWR) opened the first part of its broad gauge line from to Bristol and a further branch from to had been opened by June 1844. The GWR subsequently looked to expand beyond Oxford by depositing bills for the Oxford, Worcester and Wolverhampton Railway and the Oxford and Rugby Railway which would take it into the heart of the Midlands. 
Seeking to prevent the GWR from annexing Buckinghamshire into its empire, the L&B, supported by the Midland Railway, countered with the London, Worcester and South Staffordshire Railway from Tring to Wolverhampton via Aylesbury. The scheme included loop lines from Bicester to Oxford and Banbury to Rugby. A third company, Mark Huish's Grand Junction Railway, supported the GWR's schemes as a means of forcing the London and Birmingham to merge with it; it proposed a Birmingham and Oxford Junction Railway which would join with the Oxford and Rugby at Fenny Compton. The GWR's schemes subsequently received Parliamentary approval, whilst the London and Birmingham was obliged to withdraw its proposal. The Grand Junction Railway's scheme was also passed, giving the GWR its route to Birmingham, and it merged with the L&B in 1846 to form the London and North Western Railway (LNWR). The remains of the loop lines became the Buckingham and Brackley Junction Railway and the Oxford and Bletchley Junction Railway.
Authorisation.
Three bills were presented to Parliament in 1846-47 for the formation of railway companies to construct the relics of the thwarted L&B and LNWR ambitions in Buckinghamshire. The first two bills were for the establishment of the Buckingham and Brackley Junction Railway and the Oxford and Bletchley Junction Railway to construct lines from Bletchley to Oxford via Winslow and Bicester, and another from a point near Claydon House to Brackley and Buckingham. The third bill was for the amalgamation of the two companies into the Buckinghamshire Railway and the authorisation of an extension from Buckingham to Banbury. The bills were passed and, under the direction of the LNWR, the Buckinghamshire Railway was formed on 22 July 1847. The second Duke of Buckingham was chairman until he encountered financial difficulties and was replaced by Sir Harry Verney, with his son, the Marquess of Chandos, taking a seat on the board.
Later history.
Robert Stephenson was employed to construct the line, with Thomas Brassey as the civil engineering contractor. The line opened between Bletchley and Banbury on 30 March 1850, and between Verney Junction and Oxford on 20 May 1851. The line was worked by the LNWR, which originally leased the line, eventually absorbing the Buckinghamshire Railway on 21 July 1879.
The Buckinghamshire Railway made modest profits until its valuable freight was re-routed through Oxford and Didcot, leaving it to sink into losses from which it never re-emerged. It continued until the Chairman of the LNWR, Richard Moon, was elected to the board on 23 February 1878 and by 15 July in the same year the company's shares had been consolidated with those of the LNWR.
In 1879, the LNWR also absorbed the Bedford Railway which had constructed a line between Bletchley and . It had already absorbed the Bedford and Sandy Railway in 1865, which had constructed a line between Bedford and .
Present status.
The line between Oxford and Cambridge was subsequently known as the Varsity Line and that between Banbury and Bletchley was worked as a separate line, the Banbury to Verney Junction Branch Line. The second line closed to all traffic by the end of 1966, whilst to Bedford to Cambridge section of the first line was closed as from the beginning of 1968. The section from Bedford to Bletchley remains as the Marston Vale Line and that between Oxford and Bicester was closed, but reopened to passenger traffic in 1986.
Plans.
Chiltern Railways intends to include the Bicester Town - Oxford section of the line in its Project Evergreen 3, by building a junction with the Chiltern Main Line at Bicester, doubling and upgrading the track between Bicester and a new station at . In the longer term the East West Rail Link would use the Bletchley - Oxford section and possibly create new stations at and .

</doc>
<doc id="18604857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604857" title="John Joseph Gibbons">
John Joseph Gibbons

John Joseph Gibbons (born December 6, 1924 in Newark, New Jersey) is a former federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and is currently a partner at the law firm of Gibbons P.C.
Early career.
Born in Newark, Gibbons was raised in Belleville, New Jersey. He graduated from Saint Benedict's Preparatory School in 1942, the College of the Holy Cross in 1947 with a B.S. and from Harvard Law School in 1950 with an LL.B.. After graduation, Gibbons joined the firm of Crummy & Consodine. After several years with the firm, he was named a partner and the firm’s name changed to Crummy, Consodine & Gibbons. In 1967, Gibbons became President of the New Jersey State Bar Association, and also a member of the Governor’s Commission on Civil Disorders.
Nomination to the bench.
Gibbons was nominated to the Third Circuit bench by President Richard M. Nixon on December 5, 1969, to a seat vacated by Gerald McLaughlin. Gibbons was confirmed by the Senate on December 17, 1969, and received his commission on December 18, 1969. He served as chief judge of the Third Circuit, 1987–1990, and retired on January 15, 1990.
Post-judicial career.
Gibbons returned to the firm bearing his name in 1990 (which was then renamed Gibbons, Del Deo, Dolan, Griffinger & Vecchione), and founded the John J. Gibbons Fellowship in Public Interest & Constitutional Law. He also taught constitutional law at Seton Hall University School of Law until 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18604859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604859" title="Mahmoud Samir (footballer)">
Mahmoud Samir (footballer)

Mahmoud Samir () is an Egyptian footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Egyptian Premier League club Al-Mokawloon al-Arab.

</doc>
<doc id="18604863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604863" title="China West Normal University">
China West Normal University

China West Normal University (CWNU; ) is a comprehensive normal university featuring teacher education and training in Nanchong, Sichuan, China.
The university was established in 1946. It now has 30,343 students.
History.
China West Normal University (CWNU) is the oldest established teacher training university in Sichuan province, which grew out of the Northern Sichuan Agricultural and Industrial College founded in 1946. Situated in the city of Nanchong, the economic & cultural center of northeastern Sichuan, on the middle reach of Jialing River, famously known as Silk City, CWNU has an excellent reputation owing to its beautiful scenery, abundant teaching resources, excellent academic atmosphere and superb research facilities.
Campus.
The university consists of two campuses, a new campus with magnificent beauty and the original one with charming features, covering a total area of 2,500 mu with constructed area of 903,400 square meters. The university has many kinds of functional classrooms, with an area of 104,000 square meters.
Experimental building has an area of 110,000 square meters including respective laboratory buildings for both Arts and Science colleges, college of Fin Art, college of Music, school-owned museum and a Specimen Building. In addition, two libraries possess a total collection of 2,226,000 volumes and 7,740 varieties of magazines and newspapers. The whole university is fully equipped from the dormitories and five dining halls or cafeteria, to various teaching and training facilities for physical education, including track and field stadiums, multifunctional gymnasiums, courts and playing fields.
Faculty.
With undergraduate education as the basis, teachers training as main task and our feature, as well as postgraduate education and scientific researches as forerunners, CWNU, over the past sixty years, has attached very great importance to its multidisciplinary and comprehensive development. Up to now it has become the largest-scaled university which offers the most diversified subjects in northeastern Sichuan. Thus the university has been successively honored as an important research center of education development, a key training base for qualified middle school teachers, and the provincial training center for teachers’ further education.
The university has 1,820 staff members, including 1,274 full-time teachers, among whom there are 561 professors and associate professors, and 633 professional teachers have masters’ degree. There are 167 graduate supervisors, and 17 experts who enjoy the special subsidy granted by the State Council. One university teacher has been chosen as the candidate for the National Million Talents Project. Another teacher is entitled as the Youth Expert of National Outstanding Contribution”, and 6 teachers are honored as Distinguished Expert of Outstanding Contribution in Sichuan Province. 20 teachers are known as the academic and technological pioneers in Sichuan or potential talents. The total enrollment in CWNU has reached around 25,000, including undergraduates, graduates, international students plus adult students for continuing education.
Colleges and departments.
It has 21 colleges and departments, plus 28 research institutes, offering 34 master-degree programs, 51 majors for four-year undergraduates, 16 for three-year students. The university has 4 provincial key subjects, 3 provincial key laboratories, 14 provincial key courses, 21 provincial-level Elaborate Courses and 3 famous provincial undergraduate majors. Moreover, CWNU provides 11 provincial training centers for undergraduate talents, and offers a training basis for postgraduates of education as well as postgraduates of agricultural popularization. All majors and programs here are widely open to overseas students, among which subjects like Chinese, History, Education, Fine Arts, Music, Dancing, Wushu, Chinese Calligraphy show great appeal and popularity.
Exchange.
In recent years, CWNU has become actively involved in various international exchanges and co-operations, especially in cultural and academic fields. It has built partnerships through diverse ways of communication and cooperation with many universities and education organizations in America, Canada, Australia, Japan, Korea, Germany, Taiwan and Hong Kong. The university has enrolled overseas students since 1997, with the enrollment in the charge of Foreign Affairs Office of CWNU. With curriculums covering a wide range of subjects, CWNU provides admission to overseas students with different programs— long-term or short-term Chinese language trainees, potential undergraduates majoring in Chinese language, graduates majoring in Linguistics & Applied Linguistics, and undergraduates or graduates with would-be majors that they’ve selected here. Meanwhile, groups and organizations for Chinese culture research & study, for short-term Chinese language learning, for Mandarin study, are attracted to this dynamic university.

</doc>
<doc id="18604879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604879" title="Eastwood (album)">
Eastwood (album)

Eastwood is British Synthpop album, Cuban Boys' first and only major label album. It was released in 2000, after some delay, following the band's only UK hit single, "Cognoscenti vs. Intelligentsia".
The album is named after Steve Eastwood, music review editor at Teletext who had given the band early coverage and features sleeve-notes by John Peel.
Critical reception.
"Eastwood" received a very poor review in the "NME"—who labelled the album "a 19-track procession of pretend disco and A-level Aqua novelty wank"—and sold poorly.
Singles and chart positions.
"Cognoscenti vs. Intelligentsia" reached number 4 on the UK Singles chart on 25 December 1999. It was also number 1 in John Peel's Festive Fifty in 1999. "Kenny" had previously been released in a different version called "Oh My God They Killed Kenny" and failed to chart, although it reached number 6 in the 1998 Festive Fifty. Following the band's split from EMI, "Inertia Kicks" was released as a self-published limited edition single in a five track format ineligible for inclusion in the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18604881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604881" title="Dorot">
Dorot

Dorot (, "lit." Generations) is a kibbutz in southern Israel. Located on Route 334 near Sderot, it falls under the municipal jurisdiction of the Sha'ar HaNegev Regional Council. In 2008, it had a population of 454.
The village was established during Hanukkah in 1941 by immigrants from Germany, who farmed grain, fruit trees, and vegetables. Soil erosion was a particular problem for the kibbutz. It was named after three members of the Hoz family, Dov, Rikva and Tirtza, who had died in a car accident the year before. The founders were later joined by native Israelis and immigrants from Czechoslovakia and Latvia. In 1947 it had a population of 300.
In the summer of 1946, Doroth and the neighbouring village of Ruhama were occupied by the British army. In their search for illicit arms in the village, the British troops inflicted considerable material damage on the village.
During the 1948 Arab-Israeli war, and the battle for the Negev, Dorot was cut off and had to be supplied by air until it was liberated in October 1948.
The Jewish National Fund established a forest on the settlement's land called the "Pioneer Women's Forest", funded by donor contributions from the U.S.A.
Notable residents include Eliyahu Moyal, later a Knesset member.

</doc>
<doc id="18604890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604890" title="Verónica Ribot">
Verónica Ribot

Verónica G. Ribot de Cañales (born February 27, 1962) is a retired female diver from Argentina. She competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1984. Ribot claimed a silver and a bronze medal in the Women's 10m Platform at the Pan American Games.
Ribot is married, and has two kids, Olympia and Lucas. She took a position as Cornell University's Head Diving Coach in fall of 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18604901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604901" title="Battle of Morar">
Battle of Morar

The Battle of Morar was a Scottish clan battle fought in 1602, near Loch Morar, in the Scottish Highlands. It was fought between the Clan MacDonell of Glengarry against the Clan Mackenzie who were supported by the Clan Ross.
A feud took place between the Mackenzies, led by Kenneth Mackenzie, 1st Lord Mackenzie of Kintail and the Clan MacDonell of Glengarry. The Mackenzies wanted the MacDonell Laird of Glengarry to appear before the Justice court at Edinburgh for previous crimes against them. Meanwhile two MacDonells were killed. Glengarry MacDonell did not appear in court on the arranged date but went about his own hand to revenge the slaughter of his clansmen. As he did not appear in court the Mackenzies wasted the MacDonell country of Morar. The two sides met and a battle took place with great slaughter on both sides. According to historian Alexander Mackenzie the Clan Mackenzie were supported by the Clan Ross at the battle of Morar. This was due to Kenneth Mackenzie, 1st Lord Mackenzie of Kintail being married to Ann Ross daughter of George Ross of Balnagowan, chief of Clan Ross. After this they came to an agreement to obtain peace where Glengarry MacDonald was glad to requite and renounce to the Lord MacKenzie of Kintail, and give him the inheritance of the lands of Strome. 

</doc>
<doc id="18604923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604923" title="BPM-97">
BPM-97

The BPM-97 ("Boyevaya Pogranichnaya Mashina" - "Battle Vehicle of the Border Guard") or Выстрел (Vystrel) is the Russian military designation for the KAMAZ 43269 Vystrel 4x4 wheeled mine-resistant, ambush protected (MRAP) vehicle. It is still in the prototype phase and only two being produced were fitted with several different turrets like the one of the BTR-80A. The vehicle is based on the KAMAZ-43269 and as the name suggests was designed for the Russian Border Guards. The latest model has bulletproof side windows and no gun turret. It has been ordered by Kazakhstan and by the MVD Internal Troops, Federal Prison Service and EMERCOM.
History.
Development began in 1997 at the initiative of the head of the Russian Border Guard Service Andrei Nikolaev. Armored vehicle meant to replace the main transport border guards the GAZ-66. But after a government funding default in 1998 and the much delayed public funding of the project finally stopped. In order to offset the cost of the development in the absence of government orders, machines were allowed to be sold to civilian companies. The armored vehicle was used for the transportation of explosives, money and valuable goods. After receiving permission in 2005, some cars were sold to the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan. Production of the "Vystrel" is ongoing at the JSC "Remdizel" plant in Naberezhnye Chelny. Where the armoured body and KAMAZ 4326 truck chassis are integrated.
Description.
The hull is made of welded Aluminium alloy - The upper part of the shell withstands hits from a 12.7x108mm - NSV machine gun at a distance of 300 metres, the lower part from 7.62x54mmR SVD rifles at a distance of 30 m.
The vehicle is divided into the engine compartment and separate crew areas. The body has both side and rear doors, and roof hatches for exiting.
Armament.
Armament varies, the BPM-97 is available with pintle mounted or turret mounted 7.62 mm, 12.7 mm machine guns such as the Kord 12.7mm, 14.5 mm KPV heavy machine guns in a BTR-80 type turret, and a combination turret fitted with a sighting device with 30 mm cannon and 30 mm AGS-30 automatic grenade launchers.
Versions.
n 2008 KamAZ planned addition to the existing two-axle armored car "The Shot" to create a similar three-and four-axle vehicle designed for 13 and 18 men, respectively.]
In 2009, vif2ne.ru published 3 and 4-axle armored vehicles similar to "shot" design, and later appeared and photographs triaxial armored car, presumably called "Item 69501" .
In 2010 JSC "Krasnodar instrument factory" Cascade "," exhibition MVSV 2010 was announced 15M107 machine based on KAMAZ-43269 "The Shot" intended for remote search and clearance of minefields, having in its composition electronic circuits administration

</doc>
<doc id="18604926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604926" title="Sahih Ibn Hibbaan">
Sahih Ibn Hibbaan

Ṣaḥīḥ Ibn Ḥibbān (صحيح ابن حبان) is a collection of hadith by Sunni scholar Ibn Hibban. It has the distinction of being one of small number of collections intended by the respective authors to contain only authentic hadith. The author of this Sahih is , from Bust in Khorasan. He was a prominent Shafi'i hadith specialist and prolific author who died in 965 CE.
Overview.
The actual name of this collection is "al-Taqasim wa al-Anwa`", however, it is commonly referred to as "Sahih ibn Hibban". The author utilized an innovative method in the arrangement of this work as it is not arranged in topical chapters nor is it based upon a "musnad" arrangement and is therefore difficult to navigate. Instead, it was arranged first by "bab", or chapter, and then under each chapter, by "naw`", or type. The book opens with a lengthy introduction. 
The "Sahih" remains in its entirety as of the late Nineteenth Century or early Twentieth Century, according to al-Kattani, who died in 1926.
Authenticity.
According to al-Kattani, "it has been said that Ibn Hibban, after ibn Khuzaymah, authored the most authentic hadith collection, after "Sahih Bukhari" and "Sahih Muslim"". However, al-Suyuti spoke more definitively when saying that "Sahih Ibn Khuzaymah" was the most authentic collection after "Sahih Bukhari" and "Sahih Muslim", followed by "Sahih Ibn Hibban" which, in turn, was more authentic than "Al-Mustadrak alaa al-Sahihain", making "Sahih Ibn Hibban" the fourth most authentic hadith collection in Suyuti's view.
Derivative Works.
"al-Ihsan".
Ali ibn Balban (d. 739/1339) rearranged the hadith chapters of "Sahih Ibn Hibban" according to the topics of jurisprudence and published them as "al-Ihsan fi Taqrib Sahih Ibn Hibban".
"Mawarid al-Zam'an".
The unique hadith it contains, those not found in either "Sahih Bukhari" or "Sahih Muslim", are arranged in the order of jurisprudence headings in the book "Mawarid al-Zam'an ila Zawa'id Ibn Hibban" by Ali ibn Abu Bakr al-Haythami (d. 807/1405).

</doc>
<doc id="18605006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605006" title="Albert Périlhou">
Albert Périlhou

Albert Pérílhou (2 April 1846 – 28 August 1936) was a French composer, organist, and pianist.
Life.
Born in Dauzaman, in Ariège, on 2 April 1846, he was son of an organist of Pézenas and was formed as an organist by Saint-Saëns, at the Niedermeyer school.
After some time passed as an organist and a piano teacher in Saint-Étienne, he became professor of piano at the Conservatoire de Lyon (1883). Called in Paris in 1888 as an artistic advisor of maison Erard, he became organist of Saint-Séverin (1889) at the new instrument rebuilt by John Abbey, and then organist in Saint-Eustache in 1905 and 1906. In 1910 he was named director of the Niedermeyer school.
Author of a large production for piano, organ, orchestra and voice, he retired in 1914 in Tain-l'Hermitage, where he died (age 91) on 28 August 1936. Probably following the example of his teacher and friend Saint-Saëns, he lived some time in Algeria.
Works.
Vierne called him "a composer of the 18th century". Recognized as a great improviser, he strove for the colors of the instrument's tone more than tricks of the genre. He preferred delicacy and accessibility over esoteric classical styles.
"Distingués" and refined, his works can fit in concert settings as well as in Liturgy. His music is airy without stretching the artistry required, and his legacy is one of elegance, culture, and strength.

</doc>
<doc id="18605013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605013" title="Wendy Fuller">
Wendy Fuller

Wendy Marie Fuller (born January 8, 1965 in Montréal, Quebec) is a retired diver from Canada, who represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics, finishing in 13th place in the Women's 10m Platform. In the same event she won a silver medal at the 1987 Pan American Games in Indianapolis, United States. Her younger sister Debbie also competed as an international diver.

</doc>
<doc id="18605046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605046" title="List of antibiotics">
List of antibiotics

The following is a list of antibiotics, sorted by class. The highest division is between bactericidal antibiotics and bacteriostatic antibiotics. Bactericidals kill bacteria directly, whereas bacteriostatics prevent them from dividing. However, these classifications are based on laboratory behavior. In practice, both can prevent a bacterial infection.
"See also pathogenic bacteria for a list of antibiotics sorted by target bacteria."

</doc>
<doc id="18605056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605056" title="MOMO (artist)">
MOMO (artist)

MOMO is the pseudonym for an American "outsider" and "street" artist originally from San Francisco. Currently living in New York, Momo is known for "A Tag the Width of Manhattan", "The MOMO Maker", "100 street Collages", "A Totem Pole in the East River", and spoofed "New Yorker Cover". He has collaborated with Zosen, Marie Lorenz, Melissa Brown, Milton Carter, Eltono, and Yohji Yamamoto. In June 2009 his first book "3AM-6AM" was published with Rojo Magazine. Later in October 2009 Y-3/Adidas produced the "MOMO" shoe, and in December arts residency The Studios of Key West hosted his "Public Art in Private Spaces" project in Key West, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="18605066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605066" title="Abram Bennett">
Abram Bennett

Abram Elting Bennett (1898 – 1985) was an American psychiatrist best known for his work on electroconvulsive therapy (ECT).
Bennett published over 50 research articles and several books, including "Fifty Years in Neurology and Psychiatry" (1972), "Alcoholism and the Brain" (1977) and "Huguenots Migration: Descendants' Contributions to America" (1984). In the 1930s, Bennett introduced the use of curare to prevent fractures and other adverse side effects caused by shock treatments. He also advocated pentylenetetrazol to induce convulsions in patients.
Bennett was affiliated with Johns Hopkins University, Bishop Clarkson Memorial Hospital in Omaha, Nebraska and the California Pacific Medical Center.
He contributed to the second edition of the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders".

</doc>
<doc id="18605106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605106" title="Bishop Fox's Community School">
Bishop Fox's Community School

Bishop Fox's School is a secondary school in Taunton, Somerset, England.
, the school has 857 students between the ages of 11 and 16.
The school traces its history back to 1522, as the Tudor Grammar School endowed by Richard Foxe (1448–1528), the Bishop of Winchester. The school was housed in what is now referred to as the Old Municipal Building in Taunton. In 1922, it came under the control of Somerset County Council. The school was located on Kingston Road until 1994. This building was demolished and a new housing estate erected. The Kingston Road site is the only former Bishop Fox's School building that is no longer standing. In September 2003, the school was awarded Specialist Status as a Business and Enterprise College. In July 2011, it became an Academy.
In 1994, it moved into new purpose built accommodation on a site. The new building was opened by John Major who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom at the time. Students at the previous site on Kingston Road were invited to plant trees as part of the transition between sites. A stream runs through the site which is home to water voles.
The school has been awarded the Gold Artsmark Award three times. It was judged "Good" by Ofsted in 2010 and again in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18605117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605117" title="Dachau station">
Dachau station

Dachau station () is a station in the Bavarian town of Dachau on the Munich S-Bahn network. It is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a category 3 station and it has five platform tracks. It is served daily by about 190 trains operated by Deutsche Bahn, including 150 S-Bahn trains. Dachau station is on the Nuremberg–Munich high-speed railway and is the beginning of the Dachau–Altomünster railway.
Dachau Stadt (town) station is on the Dachau–Altomünster Railway.
Location.
Dachau station is located southeast of the town of Dachau. The station building is located to the west of the tracks and has the address of Bahnhofplatz 1. Frühlingstraße runs to the west of the station, while Langhammerstraße runs west from the Bahnhofplatz (station forecourt). To the east of the tracks is Obere Moosschwaigestraße where there is a park-and-ride area. Schleißheimer Straße passes under the tracks to the north of the station. Augustenfelder Straße runs through an underpass to the south of the station. There is a bus station in the station forecourt.
History.
Dachau station was opened on 14 November 1867 together with the Munich–Ingolstadt railway. The station had a turntable, a level junction and a goods shed equipped with a loading track. An entrance building and a watering point were also built. On 12 April 1870, the line from Munich to Ingolstadt was extended to Treuchtlingen as the Altmühl Railway. Additional tracks were built in the station area in 1884 and the station building was upgraded in 1887. The line from Munich to Ingolstadt and Treuchtlingen was duplicated in 1891 and the station building was again upgraded in 1895. On 8 July 1912, the Dachau branch from Dachau to Markt Indersdorf was opened; this is also known as the "Ludwig-Thoma-Bahn", after the author Ludwig Thoma. This branch line was extended to Altomünster on 18 December 1913. At the same time the Dachau station was renamed in German from "Bahnhof Dachau" to "Dachau Bahnhof" (this word order in Bavaria indicates a main line station that serves the town but is not in it) because the Dachau branch had a new station in the town of Dachau. Electrification of the Munich-Dachau line was completed in 1939. The electrification of the remainder of the line to Ingolstadt was delayed by the outbreak of World War II and could not be completed until 1960. In 1972, Dachau station was rebuilt with two new platforms in preparation for the start of S-Bahn operations. Finally, on 28 May 1972, the Munich S-Bahn went into operation with the Petershausen–Dachau–Munich route being served by line S2. General freight operations ended in 1976 and the handling of all other freight was abandoned in 1980. In 1995, the Dachau–Altomünster railway was integrated as S-Bahn line A of the Munich S-Bahn network. However, the line was still not electrified, so diesel railcars are used. In 1998, the station and forecourt were significantly restructured. 
Conversion for the Nuremberg–Ingolstadt–Munich high-speed line.
In the spring of 2000, construction began on the uprgraded line ("Ausbaustrecke") between Ingolstadt and Munich as part of the Nuremberg–Ingolstadt–Munich high-speed line. The Petershausen–Munich line was upgraded for operations at 200 km/h and new tracks are laid for the S-Bahn. On 21 April 2003, the upgrade of the Petershausen–Dachau section was completed, including a third track for line S 2. On 11 December 2005, the upgrade of the Dachau–München-Obermenzing section was completed and the two additional tracks for the S-Bahn were opened, which made possible the operation of S-Bahn services between Munich and Dachau at 10-minute intervals. Dachau station was fundamentally redesigned and received new platforms and improved accessibility.
Infrastructure.
Dachau station has five platform tracks on three platforms, with platform tracks 1 and 3 and the bay platform 2 located on the same island platform. Track 1 is served by the S-Bahn towards Munich, track 2 by the S-Bahn to Altomünster and track 3 by the S-Bahn towards Petershausen. Track 4, which is a single-sided platform, is served by regional services towards Munich and in the peak hour by single S-Bahn services to Altomünster or Munich. Tracks 5 and 6, which have no platforms, are separated from platform 4 by a noise barrier and are used by non-stopping trains on the high-speed line. Track 7 is also located on a side platform and is served by regional trains towards Ingolstadt. Another noise barrier separates this side platform from Obere Moosschwaigestraße. The S-Bahn platform is roofed and has digital destination displays, while the two side platforms have no platform canopies or platform displays. The platforms are connected by a tunnel to the station building and are equipped with lifts, making them accessible for the disabled. The station is located in the area of the Münchner Verkehrs- und Tarifverbund Munich Transport and Tariff Association, MVV).
The signals and switches at the station are controlled by a Siemens class 60 (SP Dr S60) track plan push button interlocking. 
The entrance building houses a ticket office and a McDonald's restaurant.
Platform data.
Platform lengths and heights are as follows:
Operations.
The station is served each every two hours by the Munich–Treuchtlingen–Nuremberg Regional-Express service and the Munich–Treuchtlingen Regionalbahn service, resulting in an hourly service between Munich and Treuchtlingen. These services are operated with double-deck push–pull trains propelled by class 111 locomotives. There are also single Regionalbahn services operated in the peak hour between Munich and Ingolstadt using Silberling carriages. Dachau station is served by Munich S-Bahn line S 2 (Petershausen–Erding), operated using electric multiple units of Class 423. Services on S-Bahn line A from Dachau to Altomünster begin here and are operated with class 628 diesel multiple units, because the line is not electrified.
Every two hours the München-Nürnberg-Express passes through the station without stopping. In addition, all Intercity-Express trains on the Nuremberg–Ingolstadt–Munich high-speed line run through the station without stopping.
Bus links.
The bus station at Dachau station has four platforms. It is served by MVV routes operated by Dachau city transport (719, 720, 722, 724 and 726) and district transport (291, 702–706, 710, 721, 723, 725, 736 and 791).
Future.
It is planned to electrify the Dachau–Altomünster line (S-Bahn line A) and duplicate sections of it, so that services every 30 minutes would be possible. However, this project has been delayed several times. It will not be completed for a few years.

</doc>
<doc id="18605121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605121" title="Dennis (MCC cricketer)">
Dennis (MCC cricketer)

Dennis (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches in 1791.
Career.
He was a member of Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and had associations with Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18605122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605122" title="336th Bomber Squadron (HAF)">
336th Bomber Squadron (HAF)

The 336th Bomber Squadron (, 336 MB), callsign "Olympus", is the second oldest squadron in service with the Hellenic Air Force, forming part of the 116th Combat Wing. It is based at Araxos Air Base in the Peloponnese, and, following the withdrawal of the type from 335th Squadron, it is the last HAF unit equipped with the A-7 Corsair.
History.
Foundation and service in World War II.
After the fall of Greece to the German "Wehrmacht", the Greek government in exile established Greek armed forces to fight alongside the Allies in the Middle East. By 1942, two Greek squadrons, the 13th Light Bomber Squadron and the 335th Fighter Squadron, were operating under British command. Their good service record and the existence of sufficient numbers of Greek pilots, newly graduated from aviation schools in Rhodesia, led to the establishment of a third squadron.
The 336th Royal Hellenic Pursuit Squadron (336 Βασιλική Ελληνική Μοίρα Διώξεως, 336 Β.Ε.Μ.Δ.), designated within the British Royal Air Force as No 336 (Greek) Squadron, was established on 25 February 1943 at LG 219. Equipped with 21 Hurricane Mk IIc aircraft and under the command of Flight Lieutenant Spyridon Diamantopoulos, it counted many veteran pilots from 335 Squadron in its ranks. This allowed the unit to quickly begin operations: its first combat mission was carried out on 1 March, and the unit was declared operational on 11 April. It was subsequently employed in shipping protection and air defence duties along the Libyan coast, as well as fighter sweeps. The squadron received its first six Spitfire Mk Vc aircraft on 12 October, and over the month of November it participated in several Allied raids against Crete. Although successful, these missions involved great danger from the German air defence and the "Luftwaffe", and resulted in several losses. By March 1944, the unit had been completely re-equipped with Spitfires, and on 15 September, the squadron was moved along with its sister unit to the Italian theatre, from where it carried out operations primarily over occupied Yugoslavia.
In November the Greek squadrons returned to liberated Greece, where they were engaged in operations from the Ellinikon airfield against the remaining German garrisons in the Aegean islands and Crete. In May 1945, the squadron moved to Sedes airfield near Thessaloniki, where, on 31 July 1945, the squadron was disbanded from the RAF and transferred to Greek control.
Post-war history.
Subsequently, 336 Squadron took part in the air operations of the Greek Civil War (1946–49). In February 1949 it was rebased to Larissa under the 110th Combat Wing. In August, the squadron was equipped with the US-made SB2C Helldiver dive bombers, being redesignated as the 336th Light Bomber Squadron (336 Μοίρα Ελαφρού Βομβαρδισμού). In 1953 it was equipped with the F-84G jets and designated 336th Fighter-Bomber Squadron (336 Μοίρα Διώξεως-Βομβαρδισμού). On 28 December 1953, the squadron was transferred to 111th Combat Wing at Nea Anchialos, where it received the new F-84F in 1958. Redeployed again to Larissa in March 1959, it was transferred to 116th Combat Wing in December 1962. On 25 September 1963 it was redesignated as a Strike Squadron (Μοίρα Κρούσης) as a reflection of its new role.
On 15 January 1965 the squadron was partially equipped with the new F-104G fighters, and the F-104 section moved to the 114th Combat Wing at Tanagra, while the remainder of the squadron, still equipped with the F-84F, remained at Araxos. In August, the F-84F-equipped section was designated as the 349 Fighter-Bomber Squadron, before being transferred to Larissa in November 1966. In December, the F-104G-equipped 336 Squadron returned from Tanagra to Araxos, where it remains to this day. The squadron would continue to fly the Starfighter until March 1993, following which the squadron was equipped with the A-7E Corsair (from a batch of 62 handed over by the US Air Force as surplus following the First Gulf War), and established in its present form as the 336 Bomber Squadron on 3 April 1993. Since 2007 is the last squadron in the world flying the A-7 Corsair II. 

</doc>
<doc id="18605125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605125" title="Guadalupe Canseco">
Guadalupe Canseco

Guadalupe Canseco (born January 25, 1962) is a retired female diver from Mexico. She competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1980. She claimed a bronze medal in the Women's 10m Platform at the 1983 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18605148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605148" title="Ahmed Ali (footballer)">
Ahmed Ali (footballer)

Ahmed Ali is an Egyptian footballer (born in El-Mansourah on August 8, 1988) who currently plays for Egyptian Premier League club Misr El-Makasa as a defender.
Career.
Ali began his career at local club El-Mansourah and made his debut at the age of 17, playing as a right back, right midfielder and also a right winger. In Summer 2008 Ali joined Cairo's side Al-Ahly

</doc>
<doc id="18605161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605161" title="Jenter kit">
Jenter kit

A Jenter kit or Karl Jenter kit is a piece of equipment used by beekeepers to raise large numbers of queen honeybees.
Rival techniques for rearing queen bees generally require grafting the honeybee larvae by hand. As such, the development of this kit by Karl Jenter is a significantly useful tool to assist in beekeeping.
Application.
Beekeepers once had to graft the honeybee larvae by hand, in some cases by using tools such as tweezers. This fiddly approach would frequently result in the damaging of the larva thus halting the development into a queen bee.
The Jenter kit uses a system of plastic cups or 'cells' in which a queen bee can lay her eggs. The cells containing the eggs can then be removed from the laying box and placed into an isolated box for larval development - with no direct handling of the larvae.
As the first queen bee to hatch will kill rival hatchlings, the eggs are covered with a small plastic cage. This prevents a newly hatched queen from approaching the other eggs, and thus harming them. This allows a beekeeper to return to the hive to find a large number of newly hatched queen bees.
Within 30 days, it is possible to rear as many as 50 queens using a single Jenter kit.
Usage.
In modern times, the Jenter kit is in use by the majority of Western European and North American apiarists. The kit allows for Queen bees to be produced commercially to supply other beekeepers, or a beekeeper may increase their number of hives. Both uses have become increasingly important as a mechanism to maintain large numbers of bee colonies worldwide in the fight against Varroa mites and Colony collapse disorder.

</doc>
<doc id="18605182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605182" title="Kfar Aza">
Kfar Aza

Kfar Aza (, "lit." Gaza Village) is a kibbutz in southern Israel. Located between Netivot and Sderot around three kilometres east of Gaza, it falls under the jurisdiction of Sha'ar HaNegev Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 760.
The village was established in August 1951 by immigrants from Egypt and the Moroccan city of Tangiers who had received training in Ein Harod, Ayelet HaShahar and later Afikim. It was initially named Yagav, but was renamed Kfar Aza in 1953; at the time the residents could freely visit nearby Gaza. 
The kibbutz was temporarily abandoned in 1955, and in January 1957 members of the "Mita'arim" gar'in moved in.

</doc>
<doc id="18605217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605217" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Grant County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Grant County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Grant County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18605228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605228" title="USS Pepperwood (AN-36)">
USS Pepperwood (AN-36)

USS "Pepperwood" (YN-31/AN-36) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was originally ordered and laid down as USS "Walnut" (YN-31) but renamed before her August 1941 launch. She was later transferred to the French Navy as "Tarentule" (A729). She was stricken from the French Navy in April 1972, but her fate beyond that is unreported in secondary sources.
Career.
"Pepperwood" (YN–31) was laid down 25 October 1940 by John H. Mathis & Company, Camden, New Jersey; placed in service at Camden 8 June 1942; sponsored by Mrs. It. E. McShane; and commissioned at Norfolk, Virginia, 15 December 1942, Lt. Charles E. Hall in command. "Pepperwood" reported for duty to Commander, U.S. Atlantic Fleet. She departed Norfolk 28 December 1942 for Morehead City, North Carolina, her station from 1 January to 28 February 1943, when reassigned to Norfolk.
From Norfolk she went via Bermuda and Gibraltar to Oran, Algeria where she arrived 24 April 1943. She placed and serviced anti-submarine nets at Oran and Algiers from 24 April to 31 December 1943. She was reclassified "AN–36" on 20 January 1944.
Transferred to the French Navy under Lend Lease 15 December 1944, she was sold to France 21 March 1949. She was struck from the Naval Register 28 April 1949. She served in the French Navy as "Tarentule" (A–729) until she was struck by the French on 14 April 1972.
"Pepperwood" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="18605230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605230" title="Chinchilla Airport">
Chinchilla Airport

Chinchilla Airport is an airport serving Chinchilla, Queensland, Australia.
The airport is unmanned, with the wind often prevailing from the east.

</doc>
<doc id="18605231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605231" title="Ophryacus undulatus">
Ophryacus undulatus

Ophryacus undulatus is a venomous pitviper species found in the mountains of central and southern Mexico. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
Adults grow to 55–70 cm (21⅝ - 27½ inches) in length and are moderately stout. Elongated supraocular scales form a pair of "horns" or "spines" over the eyes.
The color pattern consists of a silvery-gray ground color overlaid with a series of black dorsal blotches that merge to form a broad wavy stripe. Black speckling is present on the flanks. The top of the head is black.
Geographic range.
Found in the mountains of central and southern Mexico (Hidalgo, Veracruz, Oaxaca and Guerrero) west of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec at elevations of 1800–2800 m (5,900-9,200 feet). The type locality given is "Messico" (Mexico). H.M. Smith & Taylor (1950) proposed that it be restricted to "Orizaba, Veracruz, Mexico."
Habitat.
Brush and rock strewn slopes in the vicinity of streams.
Conservation status.
This species is classified as Vulnerable (VU) on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species with the following criteria: B1ab(iii) (v3.1, 2001). A species is listed as such when the best available evidence indicates that the geographic range, in the form of extent of occurrence, is estimated to be less than 20,000 km², that estimates indicate it to be severely fragmented or known to exist at no more than 10 locations, and that a continuing decline has been observed, inferred or projected, in area, extent and/or quality of habitat. It is therefore considered to be facing a high risk of extinction in the wild. In 2007 when it was last assessed, the population trend was down.
Behavior.
Night-time temperatures throughout its range are low, and this species only seems to be active during the day. Individuals have frequently been seen coiled on or near fallen logs, as well as in bushes and small trees 1–4 m (3.3-13.1 feet) above the ground.
Feeding.
The diet consists of rodents and lizards.
Reproduction.
Ovoviviparous, with females giving birth to live young.

</doc>
<doc id="18605245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605245" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Iowa County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Iowa County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Iowa County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18605255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605255" title="Sumas Mountain (British Columbia)">
Sumas Mountain (British Columbia)

Sumas Mountain, also referred to as Canadian Sumas to distinguish it from an identically-named mountain just south in Washington state, is a mountain rising from the floodplain of the Fraser River in the Lower Mainland of southwestern British Columbia, Canada. Its western end is in the urban area of Abbotsford and is home to a number of suburban areas of that city, notably Clayburn. In its central portion is the historic community of Straiton, officially named in 1904 for Thomas Bell Straiton who founded a homestead on Sumas Mountain in 1893 and also a store and post office. Its higher eastern reaches tower over Greendale, a community within the City of Chilliwack and is mostly wilderness; the mountain's summit, Sumas Peak, is located in this area, along with Chadsey Lake. The mountain is separated from the Cascade Mountains by the drained lake now called Sumas Prairie, south of which is its American sister, Sumas Mountain, and which is part of the greater floodplain of the Fraser River (the Fraser Lowland). West of the mountain is Matsqui Prairie, another floodplain, and north of the Fraser, which lies along the mountain's north flank, are similar floodplains - Nicomen Island and Hatzic Prairie.
Sumas Mountain Provincial Park is located in the higher, northern reaches of the mountain. Historic industry on the mountain includes livestock and crop farming
, logging, and mining
, notably brick-clay, which gave rise to the mining community of Clayburn. Farming, gravel mining, and logging continue on the mountain to the present day. Located on the mountain's north foot, adjacent to the Fraser, is a Canadian Forces base naval station. On its south side is the reserve of the Sumas First Nation.
Name.
"Sumas" is a Halqemeylem word meaning "a big level opening", referring to the Sumas Prairie area south of the mountain, formerly Sumas Lake. A common 19th Century spelling of Sumas was "Smess"; Simon Fraser's journal recorded the name as "shemotch".

</doc>
<doc id="18605265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605265" title="Lothar Kalinowsky">
Lothar Kalinowsky

Lothar B. Kalinowsky (28 December 1899 – June 28, 1992) was an American psychiatrist best known for advocating electroconvulsive therapy.
He contributed to the second edition of the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders".

</doc>
<doc id="18605268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605268" title="L. Taylor (Kent cricketer)">
L. Taylor (Kent cricketer)

L Taylor (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1791.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="18605272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605272" title="Marshal of the Royal Thai Air Force">
Marshal of the Royal Thai Air Force

Marshal of the Royal Thai Air Force (Thai: จอมพล อากาศ "Chom Phon Akat") is a 5-star rank and the most senior rank in the Royal Thai Air Force. It is equivalent to a Field Marshal (or "Chom Phon") in the Royal Thai Army and an Admiral of the Fleet (or "Chom Phon Ruea") in the Royal Thai Navy. The rank of Marshal of the RTAF is also equivalent to the British rank of Marshal of the Royal Air Force.
The command flag for marshals of the RTAF shows five stars.
The following people have held the rank:

</doc>
<doc id="18605277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605277" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in La Crosse County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in La Crosse County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in La Crosse County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18605278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605278" title="Stephen Lewis Secondary School">
Stephen Lewis Secondary School

Stephen Lewis Secondary School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18605283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605283" title="Sufi Amba Prasad">
Sufi Amba Prasad

Amba Prasad, (1858–1919) also known as "Sufi" Amba Prasad, was an Indian nationalist and pan-Islamist leader notable for his involvement in the agrarian unrest in Punjab in 1900s and subsequently in the Revolutionary movement for Indian independence. 
Prasad was born in 1858 in the north Indian city of Moradabad, then in the United Provinces (now in Uttar Pradesh). Prasad was born without his right hand. He later worked as a journalist in Moradabad when he became involved in the emerging nationalist movement. He was at this time the editor of the "Peshwa". His editorials were noted for sarcastic and unsparing criticisms of the Punjab government policies. He was incarcerated twice in 1897.
In 1900, Prasad became involved in the agrarian movement that was emerging in Punjab in response to the much criticised Bari Doab Canal act and the Colonization act.His associates at the time included Sardar Ajit Singh (uncle of Bhagat Singh), Mahasha Ghaseeta Ram, Kartar Singh and Lala Lajpat Rai. In 1906, Prasad was one of the key founding members of the Bharat Mata Society. A crackdown later forced him to flee India for Nepal in 1907, where he was granted asylum by Deva Shamsher Jang Bahadur Rana. Prasad later fled India for Persia.
Around the 1910s, Indian nationalists groups, especially pan-Islamic ones, were growing in Turkey and Persia under the leadership of Sardar Ajit Singh and Sufi Amba Prasad who began their work there around 1909. The recruits to these groups included young radicals of the likes of Rhishikesh Letha, Zia-ul-Haq, and Thakur Das. By 1910, the activities of these groups and their publication, the "Hayat", had come under the observation of British intelligence, while . However, Ajit Singh's departure in 1911 brought the Indian revolutionary activities to a grinding halt, while British representations to Persia successfully curbed whatever activity that remained in the country.
However, as World War I began, Prasad again became involved in the Indian revolutionary conspiracy. He was at this time associated with Indian revolutionaries of the likes of Har Dayal and Mahendra Pratap. Sufi worked with the revolutionaries of the Berlin Committee in Mesopotamia and Middle East, attempting to spread propaganda among Indian troops of the Indian expeditionary force. His attempts were directed at organising Indian troops into a nationalist force incursions from the western border of India from Persia, through Baluchistan, to Punjab. Amba Prasad was joined during the war by Kedar Nath Sondhi, Rishikesh Letha and Amin Chaudhry. These Indian troops were involved in the capture of the frontier city of Karman and the detention of the British consul there, and also successfully harassed Percy Sykes' Persian campaign against the Baluchi and Persian tribal chiefs who were aided by the Germans. The Aga Khan's brother was killed while fighting the rebels.
The rebels also successfully harassed British Forces in Sistan in Afghanistan, confining them to Karamshir in Baluchistan, and later moving towards Karachi. Some reports indicate they took control of the coastal towns of Gawador and Dawar. The Baluchi chief of Bampur, having declared his independence from British rule, also joined the Ghadarites. It was not before the war in Europe turned for the worse for Turkey and Baghdad was captured by the British forces that the Ghadarite forces, their supply lines starved, were finally dislodged. They retreated to regroup at Shiraz, where they were finally defeated after a bitter fight during the siege of Shiraz. Amba Prasad Sufi was killed in this battle, but the Ghadarites carried on guerrilla warfare along with Iranian partisans until 1919. The works of Amba Prasad had a significant impact on Bhagat Singh.

</doc>
<doc id="18605285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605285" title="Malik Anokha">
Malik Anokha

Malik Anokha (born 1943, Died:2008, Age:65 years) () was a Pakistani film, television, stage and radio actor from Mirpur Khas, Sindh.
Life and work.
Anokha was fluent in 21 languages. His career spanned more than forty years, during which he acted in a number of media, both within Pakistan and abroad, including the European film "Traffik". He mostly acted in Sindhi films and dramas in the 1960s and early 1970s. After the downfall of the Sindhi film industry, Anokha moved to Lahore and worked on films, television shows, and theater. In the early 1980s, he returned to Karachi and worked in television and on the stage. Until the end of his life, he remained associated with the entertainment industry.
He earned many awards in his career including the Nigar Awards and the NTM Viewers Choice Awards for best actor for the drama serial "Kashkol", and also received an award from the culture department of the government of Sindh for his performance in the theater drama "Azadi Kay Mujrim". 
Malik Anokha died on 26 July 2008 due to a heart attack. He was buried at the Sakhi Hassan graveyard in Karachi.
He was survived by his widow, three daughters and a son.

</doc>
<doc id="18605308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605308" title="Father Berrigan">
Father Berrigan

Father Berrigan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18605309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605309" title="Flying High (1931 film)">
Flying High (1931 film)

Flying High (1931), also known as "George White's Flying High", is a musical film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, produced by George White with lyrics by B. G. DeSylva and Lew Brown, music by Ray Henderson, with additional songs by Dorothy Fields (lyrics) and Jimmy McHugh (music).
The film opened on November 14, 1931. The cast featured Bert Lahr, Charlotte Greenwood, Pat O'Brien, Charles Winninger, and Hedda Hopper, with Gus Arnheim and his orchestra.
The musical numbers "Happy Landing" and "Dance Until Dawn" were reused in the MGM short "Plane Nuts" (1933) with the Three Stooges.
Songs.
Lyrics by Dorothy Fields, music by Jimmy McHugh:

</doc>
<doc id="18605319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605319" title="Quark–gluon plasma">
Quark–gluon plasma

A quark–gluon plasma (QGP) or quark soup is a phase of quantum chromodynamics (QCD) which is hypothesized to exist at extremely high temperature and/or density. This phase is thought to consist of asymptotically free quarks and gluons, which are several of the basic building blocks of matter.
The strength of the color force means that unlike the gas-like plasma, quark-gluon plasma behaves as a near-ideal Fermi liquid, although research on flow characteristics is ongoing. In the quark matter phase diagram, QGP is placed in the high-temperature, high-density regime; whereas, ordinary matter is a cold and rarefied mixture of nuclei and vacuum, and the hypothetical quark stars would consist of relatively cold, but dense quark matter.
Experiments at CERN's Super Proton Synchrotron (SPS) first tried to create the QGP in the 1980s and 1990s: the results led CERN to announce indirect evidence for a "new state of matter" in 2000. Current experiments (2011) at the Brookhaven National Laboratory's Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider (RHIC) on Long Island (NY, USA) and at CERN's recent Large Hadron Collider near Geneva (Switzerland) are continuing this effort, by colliding relativistically accelerated gold (at RHIC) or lead (at LHC) with each other or with protons. Although the results have yet to be independently verified as of February 2010, scientists at Brookhaven RHIC have tentatively claimed to have created a quark-gluon plasma with an approximate temperature of 4 trillion (4×1012) degrees Celsius.
As already mentioned, three new experiments running on CERN's Large Hadron Collider (LHC), on the spectrometers ALICE, ATLAS and CMS, will continue studying properties of QGP. Starting in November 2010, CERN temporarily ceased colliding protons, and began colliding lead Ions for the ALICE experiment. They were looking to create a QGP and were expected to stop December 6, colliding protons again in January. A new record breaking temperature was set by at CERN on August, 2012 in the ranges of 5.5 trillion (5.5×1012) degrees Celsius as claimed in their Nature PR.
General introduction.
Quark–gluon plasma is a state of matter in which the elementary particles that make up the hadrons of baryonic matter are freed of their strong attraction for one another under extremely high energy densities. These particles are the quarks and gluons that compose baryonic matter.
Although the experimental high temperatures and densities predicted as producing a quark-gluon plasma have been realized in the laboratory, the resulting matter does "not" behave as a quasi-ideal state of free quarks and gluons, but, rather, as an almost perfect dense fluid. Actually, the fact that the quark-gluon plasma will not yet be "free" at temperatures realized at present accelerators was predicted in 1984 as a consequence of the remnant effects of confinement.
Relation to normal plasma.
A plasma is matter in which charges are screened due to the presence of other mobile charges; for example: Coulomb's Law is suppressed by the screening to yield a distance-dependent charge. In a QGP, the color charge of the quarks and gluons is screened. The QGP has other analogies with a normal plasma. There are also dissimilarities because the color charge is non-abelian, whereas the electric charge is abelian. Outside a finite volume of QGP the color electric field is not screened, so that volume of QGP must still be color-neutral. It will therefore, like a nucleus, have integer electric charge.
Theory.
One consequence of this difference is that the color charge is too large for perturbative computations which are the mainstay of QED. As a result, the main theoretical tools to explore the theory of the QGP is lattice gauge theory. The transition temperature (approximately ) was first predicted by lattice gauge theory. Since then lattice gauge theory has been used to predict many other properties of this kind of matter. The AdS/CFT correspondence conjecture may provide insights in QGP.
Production.
The QGP can be created by heating matter up to a temperature of , which amounts to per particle. This can be accomplished by colliding two large nuclei at high energy (note that is not the energy of the colliding beam). Lead and gold nuclei have been used for such collisions at CERN SPS and BNL RHIC, respectively. The nuclei are accelerated to ultrarelativistic speeds (contracting their length) and directed towards each other, creating a "fireball", in the rare event of a collision. Theory predicts this fireball will expand under its own pressure, and cool while expanding. By carefully studying this flow, experimentalists put the theory to test.
In the case of a storage ring, nuclei that don't successfully collide can often be recycled.
How the QGP fits into the general scheme of physics.
QCD is one part of the modern theory of particle physics called the Standard Model. Other parts of this theory deal with electroweak interactions and neutrinos. The theory of electrodynamics has been tested and found correct to a few parts in a billion. The theory of weak interactions has been tested and found correct to a few parts in a thousand. Perturbative aspects of QCD have been tested to a few percent. In contrast, non-perturbative aspects of QCD have barely been tested. The study of the QGP is part of this effort to consolidate the grand theory of particle physics.
The study of the QGP is also a testing ground for finite temperature field theory, a branch of theoretical physics which seeks to understand particle physics under conditions of high temperature. Such studies are important to understand the early evolution of our universe: the first hundred microseconds or so. It is crucial to the physics goals of a new generation of observations of the universe (WMAP and its successors). It is also of relevance to Grand Unification Theories which seek to unify the three fundamental forces of nature (excluding gravity).
Expected properties.
Thermodynamics.
The cross-over temperature from the normal hadronic to the QGP phase is about . This "crossover" may actually "not" be only a qualitative feature, but instead one may have to do with a true (second order) phase transition, e.g. of the universality class of the three-dimensional Ising model, as some theorists say, e.g. Frithjof Karsch and coworkers from the university of Bielefeld. The phenomena involved
correspond to an energy density of a little less than . For relativistic matter, pressure and temperature are not independent variables, so the equation of state is a relation between
the energy density and the pressure. This has been found through lattice computations, and compared to both perturbation theory and string theory. This is still a matter of active research. Response functions such as the specific heat and various quark number susceptibilities are currently being computed.
Flow.
The equation of state is an important input into the flow equations. The speed of sound is currently under investigation in lattice computations. The mean free path of quarks and gluons has been computed using perturbation theory as well as string theory. Lattice computations have been slower here, although the first computations of transport coefficients have recently been concluded. These indicate that the mean free time of quarks and gluons in the QGP may be comparable to the average interparticle spacing: hence the QGP is a liquid as far as its flow properties go. This is very much an active field of research, and these conclusions may evolve rapidly. The incorporation of dissipative phenomena into hydrodynamics is another recent development that is still in an active stage.
Excitation spectrum.
Does the QGP really contain (almost) free quarks and gluons? The study of thermodynamic and flow properties would indicate that this is an over-simplification. Many ideas are currently being evolved and will be put to test in the near future. It has been hypothesized recently that some mesons built from heavy quarks do not dissolve until the temperature reaches about . This has led to speculation that many other kinds of bound states may exist in the plasma. Some static properties of the plasma (similar to the Debye screening length) constrain the excitation spectrum.
Glasma hypothesis.
Since 2008, there is a discussion about a hypothetical precursor state of the Quark–gluon plasma, the so-called "Glasma", where the dressed particles are condensed into some kind of glassy (or amorphous) state, below the genuine transition between the confined state and the plasma liquid. This would be analogous to the formation of metallic glasses, or amorphous alloys of them, below the genuine onset of the liquid metallic state.
An article by an author from the BNL, serving as a starting point of the ongoing discussions, is available online: [http://arxiv.org/abs/0806.1356].
Experimental situation.
Those aspects of the QGP which are easiest to compute are not the ones which are the easiest to probe in experiments. While the balance of evidence points towards the QGP being the origin of the detailed properties of the fireball produced in the RHIC, this is the main barrier which prevents experimentalists from declaring a sighting of the QGP. For a summary see 2005 RHIC Assessment.
The important classes of experimental observations are
In short, a quark-gluon plasma flows like a splat of liquid, and because it's not "transparent" with respect to quarks, it can attenuate jets emitted by collisions. Furthermore, once formed, a ball of quark-gluon plasma, like any hot object, transfers heat internally by radiation. However, unlike in everyday objects, there is enough energy available that gluons (particles mediating the strong force) collide and produce an excess of the heavy (i.e. high-energy) strange quarks. Whereas, if the QGP didn't exist and there was a pure collision; the same energy would be converted into heavier quarks such as charm quarks or bottom quarks.
Formation of quark matter.
In April 2005, formation of quark matter was tentatively confirmed by results obtained at Brookhaven National Laboratory's Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider (RHIC). The consensus of the four RHIC research groups was that they had created a quark-gluon liquid of very low viscosity. However, contrary to what was at that time still the widespread assumption, it is yet unknown from theoretical predictions whether the QCD "plasma", especially close to the transition temperature, should behave like a gas or liquid. Authors favoring the weakly interacting interpretation derive their assumptions from the lattice QCD calculation, where the entropy density of quark-gluon plasma approaches the weakly interacting limit. However, since both energy density and correlation shows significant deviation from the weakly interacting limit, it has been pointed out by many authors that there is in fact no reason to assume a QCD "plasma" close to the transition point should be weakly interacting, like electromagnetic plasma (see, e.g.,). That being said, systematically improvable perturbative QCD quasiparticle models do a very good job of reproducing the lattice data for thermodynamical observables (pressure, entropy, quark susceptibility), including the aforementioned "significant deviation from the weakly interacting limit", down to temperatures on the order of 2 to 3 times the critical temperature for the transition.

</doc>
<doc id="18605360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605360" title="Mefalsim">
Mefalsim

Mefalsim (, "lit." Road pavers) is a kibbutz in southern Israel. Located near the Gaza Strip and covering 11,000 dunams, it fall under the jurisdiction of Sha'ar HaNegev Regional Council. In 2012 it had a population of 950.
The village was established in 1949 by members of the MAMLT youth movement, most of whom were immigrants from Argentina and Uruguay. It was named for the immigrants from Latin America who paved the way for others to make aliyah.
After Israel's unilateral disengagement from Gaza in 2005, Kibbutz Mefalsim absorbed some of the evicted families.
Since 2001, Kibbutz Mefalsim absorbed dozens of rockets launched from the Gaza Strip, few buildings destroyed, one of them is the kindergarten (2012).

</doc>
<doc id="18605371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605371" title="Ratigan">
Ratigan

Ratigan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18605379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605379" title="Tradewater Pirates">
Tradewater Pirates

The Madisonville Tradewater Pirates are a summer collegiate baseball team based in Madisonville, Kentucky. The team, a member of the Ohio Valley Collegiate Baseball League, plays its home games in Elmer Kelley Stadium, Madisonville in the Madisonville City Park.
The General Manager and Head Coach is Steve Fowler.
History.
The Tradewater Pirates' inaugural season was in 1999. The team has earned berths in the NBC World Series in 2003, 2004, 2005, and 2006. The team joined the KIT League in 2007, where it finished in fourth place.
The team was the KIT League Champions for the 2008 season with a .700 record in 50 games, finishing five games ahead of the Fulton Railroaders who had a record of 29-20 (.591). 
In 2007, four players from the Pirates were selected for the KIT League all-star team to play against the Central Illinois Collegiate League's all-star team. Those players were: Matt Toffaletti, Logan Neal, Brandon Robinette, and Hunter Nolen.
Six players from the Tradewater Pirates were selected for the KIT League 2008 all-star team, more than any other team in the league. Those players were: Justin Long, George Hebert, Don Pugliese, Eric Faint, Nathan Wright, and Matt Kulbacki.

</doc>
<doc id="18605390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605390" title="Vicente Acosta">
Vicente Acosta

Vicente Acosta (July 24 1867 - July 24 1908) was a Salvadoran poet. 
Born in Apopa, Acosta published various diaries and papers, notably "Diario del Salvador", "La juventud salvadoreña", "La república de Centro América", and "El Fígaro". He was active in the newspaper "La Unión", in which he signed under the pseudonym "Flirt". At the time of the coup d'état of the Antonio brothers and Carlos Ezeta in 1890, Acosta was forced to flee from the country and did not return until it ended in 1894. 
In 1904, he was founding director of "La Quincena", an important cultural and scientific journal of the time. He participated with such people as Francisco Gavidia, Santiago I. Barberena and brother of the writer, Arthur Ambrogi. According to David Escobar Galindo, Acosta was "one with romantic impulse, but soon found it better to write in modernism. He was modernist in two slopes: cosmic-metaphysics and vernacular". Francisco Gavidia mentioned Acosta describing him as "a sweet poet, of great descriptive dowries".
He died in 1908 in Tegucigalpa and collections of his poems were published after his death. An anthology was released in 1924. 
Poetry.
A poetry extract from "El Platanar" (1924):
"EL PLATANAR<br>
"<br>
"Impasible y compacto regimiento,<br>
"tendido en las cañadas laderas,<br>
"luce el bosque triunfal de sus banderas,<br>
"que en sus manos alegre agita el viento.<br>
"<br>
"Convidando al amable esparcimiento<br>
"están las verdes matas altaneras,<br>
"que se cargan de frutas tempraneras,<br>
"del encendido trópico al aliento.<br>
"<br>
"Un sol canicular deja teñido<br>
"el verde platanar con tintas rojas<br>
"en el lienzo del aire estremecido.<br>
"<br>
"Mientras, buscando alivio a sus congojas,<br>
"el rudo caporal duerme rendido<br>
"al plácido susurro de las hojas.<br>
"<br>
"De “Poesías Selectas", San Salvador, 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="18605391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605391" title="Romildo Etcheverry">
Romildo Etcheverry

Romildo Etcheverry (born 1907, date of death unknown) was a Paraguayan footballer that played either as a midfielder or defender. Etcheverry was part of the Paraguay national football team that participated in the 1930 FIFA World Cup. During most of his career he played for Olimpia Asunción and later was transferred to Boca Juniors where he won the 1934 Argentine first division.
Etcheverry also excelled for the Paraguayan Army at the Chaco War, where he was an aviator.

</doc>
<doc id="18605398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605398" title="Jane Meutas">
Jane Meutas

Jane Meutas (or Mewtas, or Mewtis, or Meautis, or Meautys) (c. 1517 - c. 1551) was an English lady of the Queen's privy chamber who became the wife of the courtier Peter Meutas (or Mewtas, etc.) Her name is sometimes given as Joan, and her maiden name was Astley. Her husband was knighted on May 18, 1544, when she became Lady Meutas. She is the subject of a portrait sketch by Hans Holbein the Younger which is believed to date from the 1530s and is in the Royal Collection.
Life.
Jane Astley, a lady of the privy chamber of Queen Jane Seymour, married her fellow courtier Peter Meutas in 1537, before 9 October. He was a man of action, tall, strong, an expert in small arms, with fair hair and a long beard. A follower of Thomas Cromwell, Mewtas had seen action in the suppression of the Pilgrimage of Grace of 1536 and the same year had been appointed a gentleman of the privy chamber and master of Bethlem Hospital. In 1537, he gained two further preferments, as Comptroller of the Royal Mint and Overseer of Artillery. 
The couple had a child who was baptized in February 1539. This was probably their son Henry, or perhaps their daughter Frances, who later became a gentlewoman of the chamber to Queen Elizabeth I and married Henry, second Viscount Howard of Bindon. Jane and Peter Mewtas had at least two other sons, Thomas and Hercules, of whom Hercules was their youngest. 
In 1539, after the dissolution of Stratford Abbey, Peter Mewtas and his wife acquired a large estate at West Ham in Essex. In 1540, they were granted the manor of Bretts, also at West Ham, which centred on Plaistow but included tenements at Upton, Stratford, and elsewhere.
Peter Mewtas was one of the dignitaries who met Anne of Cleves at Calais in 1540 and was knighted on active military service on 18 May 1544 at Edinburgh. In 1545, he was appointed Governor of Guernsey, where his works at Castle Cornet included the building of the new 'Mewtas Bulwark'. 
No record of the date of Jane Meutas's death has been traced. By 1552, Sir Peter Mewtas had married another Jane, who may have been Jane Angersley. The second Jane survived her husband, who died in 1562, and she was still holding the manor of Bretts in 1567.
Drawing by Holbein.
Holbein's portrait of Jane Meutas is a drawing in black and coloured chalks on pink prepared paper, 283 x 212 mm, and has the name 'The Lady Meutas' written clearly on its face. To the right of the head, Holbein has added a schematic sketch of his sitter's hands. On one finger is a heart-shaped leaf which German painters of the time used as a symbol for the colour green, taken to represent an emerald ring. The same leaf symbol appears in Lady Meutas’s oval medallion.
The web site of the Tate Gallery gives the date of the drawing as "about 1536", and if this is correct, the words 'The Lady Meutas' must have been added some years later, as Peter Meutas was not knighted until 1544. The drawing of Jane Meutas can be compared with another by Holbein, of her royal mistress Jane Seymour, which is also in black and coloured chalks on pink paper. The two appear to have been done at the same time, and Jane Seymour died on 24 October 1537, twelve days after the birth of the future King Edward VI.
Engraving by Bartolozzi.
Holbein's portrait sketch of Jane Meutas was engraved by Francesco Bartolozzi in 1795 and published by John Chamberlaine of London in "Imitations of Original Drawings by Hans Holbein in the Collection of His Majesty, for the Portraits of Illustrious Persons of the Court of Henry VIII". This includes with the engraving a short biography of Lady Meutas.
Bartolozzi was famous for his stipple engravings and developed his technique to imitate the subtleties of Renaissance and baroque chalk drawings.

</doc>
<doc id="18605405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605405" title="Terry Ray (American football)">
Terry Ray (American football)

Terry Ray (born October 12, 1969 in Belgium) is a retired American football defensive back and linebacker.
NFL career.
Ray was drafted out of Oklahoma University in the 6th round, 158th overall, by the Atlanta Falcons of the NFL in the 1992 NFL Draft. After playing in 10 games with Atlanta, Ray joined the New England Patriots and under new head coach Bill Parcells for the 1993 NFL season. Ray played with the Patriots until the 1996 NFL season, a season in which the Patriots lost to the Green Bay Packers in Super Bowl XXXI.
CFL career.
Ray left the NFL after the 1996 season. Following two years out of football, Ray moved to the Canadian Football League (CFL), where he signed with the Edmonton Eskimos on May 12, 1999. In Canada, Ray became a four-time all star. Ray was released by the Eskimos prior to the 2003 CFL season in favor of Singor Mobley. Expected to sign with another CFL team, Ray signed with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers for the 2004 CFL season. After the 2004 season, Ray retired.
Scouting career.
From 2005-08, Ray was a scout with the Washington Redskins in the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="18605411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605411" title="General Butt Naked">
General Butt Naked

Joshua Milton Blahyi (born September 30, 1971), better known by his nom de guerre General Butt Naked, is a former leader for the Liberian warlord Roosevelt Johnson in the First Liberian Civil War known for his fierce, violent, and eccentric measures in the first years of the 1990s. He was originally a tribal priest, and since the war he has converted to Christianity and become a preacher.
Early religious beliefs.
Blahyi is a member of the Sarpo tribe in Liberia. At age 11, he claims he was initiated as a tribal priest and participated in his first human sacrifice. During the course of the three-day ritual that followed, Blahyi says that he had a vision in which he was told by the Devil that he would become a great warrior and that he should continue to practice human sacrifice and cannibalism to increase his power. The Krahn elders later appointed him as high priest, a position that would lead him to become the spiritual advisor to Liberian President Samuel Doe. Blahyi adhered to a complex traditional belief system as a Krahn priest, and like many in Africa he has mixed those beliefs fluidly with Christianity. Blahyi himself explains, "I was a high priest for the biggest god under the Krahn tribe, and the late Samuel K. Doe, being a fellow tribesman, was automatically placed under my jurisdiction . . . I also placed Nyanbe-a-weh amongst the first three high-ranking deities in West Africa’s black-witch coastal line division." Nyanbe-a-weh was Blahyi’s protecting deity who—according to him—demanded ritual sacrifice; Blahyi would come to believe that Nyanbe-a-weh was the devil. He explains that the Krahn tribe selects leaders based upon physical prowess rather than birthright. The selection process takes place through an annual fight: "The traditional fight was a no-holds-barred affair. The eventual victor was allowed to kill and maim to show his strength and bravery. The strongest or last man standing after the bloody contest will take over the birthright and the headship of the tribe."
In battle.
Blahyi has said he led his troops naked except for shoes and a gun. He believed that his nakedness was a source of protection from bullets. Blahyi now claims he would regularly sacrifice a victim before battle, saying, "Usually it was a small child, someone whose fresh blood would satisfy the devil." He explained to the Seattle Post-Intelligencer: "Sometimes I would enter under the water where children were playing. I would dive under the water, grab one, carry him under and break his neck. Sometimes I'd cause accidents. Sometimes I'd just slaughter them." In January 2008 Blahyi confessed to taking part in human sacrifices which "included the killing of an innocent child and plucking out the heart, which was divided into pieces for us to eat."
Blahyi claimed to a South African "Star" reporter that he "met Satan regularly and talked to him" and that from age of 11 to 25 he took part in monthly human sacrifices. In his account of a typical battle Blahyi claimed,
"So, before leading my troops into battle, we would get drunk and drugged up, sacrifice a local teenager, drink the blood, then strip down to our shoes and go into battle wearing colorful wigs and carrying imaginary purses we'd looted from civilians. We'd slaughter anyone we saw, chop their heads off and use them as soccer balls. We were nude, fearless, drunk yet strategic. We killed hundreds of people--so many I lost count." Blahyi also purported that during that period he had "magical powers that made him invisible" and a "special power" to capture a town singlehandedly, then call in his troops afterwards to "clean up". Some of Blahyi's soldiers--often boys in their early teens and younger--would enter battle naked; others would wear women's clothes. In June 2006 Blahyi published his autobiography that included pictures of him fighting with a rifle, wearing nothing but sneakers.
During the First Liberian Civil war he led a mercenary unit, many of whom were child soldiers, that was known as the Butt Naked Brigade. They were funded by Roosevelt Johnson and fought alongside the ULIMO militia against militias led by Charles Taylor and Prince Yormie Johnson. ULIMO was loyal to Samuel Doe, who was captured and executed--personally--by Prince Johnson. Charles Taylor eventually took control of the country.
Conversion.
Blahyi's rampage ended in 1996, when the civil war in Liberia was coming to a close. He states his conversion was bolstered by a church in Liberia where a Bishop Kun Kun is pastor. They claimed to have heard from God to fast 54 days for his deliverance. After the fast they claim God gave them spiritual powers to infiltrate his coven in the city of Liberia and preach to him. Shortly after, he had a theophany in which Jesus Christ appeared to him as a blinding light, spoke to him as a son, and told him that he would die unless he repented his sins. In 1997 Blahyi traveled to the Buduburam refugee camp in Ghana. It was at the camp, he recounts, that he made confession for his sins at a church and "had his life saved". When he goes out to preach now, he says he sometimes encounters relatives of his victims. "I feel very bad, so bad", he said, but he insists it was satanic powers that possessed him in the past and he cannot be held responsible. He has since expressed willingness to be tried for war crimes at the Hague.
Blahyi is now the President of the End Time Train Evangelistic Ministries Inc., with headquarters in Liberia. He is married to Pastor Mrs. Josie and has four children: Michaela, Joshua Milton Jr., Janice Marva and Jackie MaryBeth. For a few years he was estranged from his family and hiding in Ghana, due to his fear of reprisals from his victims and/or their relatives. In 2004 Liberian-American director Gerald Barclay traveled to Buduburam to shoot a documentary which included interviews with Blahyi. In January 2008 Blahyi returned to Liberia from Ghana and claimed before the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Liberia that between approximately 1980 and 1996 he and his men were responsible for the deaths of more than 20,000 people. Although the TRC accepted that figure, Norris Tweah, the Information Minister of Liberia, has since disputed that Blahyi was responsible for that many deaths. Blahyi was the subject of a 2010 documentary film: "True Stories: The Redemption of General Butt Naked" by the Sundance Institute, produced and directed by Eric Strauss and Daniele Anastasion.
In popular culture.
In the United States, Pastor Robert Letner Jr. has begun spreading Blahyi's message of redemption and forgiveness. This has resulted in the flourishing ministry of the Trilateral Church of the South.
General Butt Naked's current life as an evangelist was a significant focus of Vice magazine's documentary "The Vice Guide to Liberia".
Matt Stone and Trey Parker based the character "Butt Fucking Naked" in their musical "The Book of Mormon" on General Butt Naked.

</doc>
<doc id="18605448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605448" title="Beijing Olympic Village">
Beijing Olympic Village


</doc>
<doc id="18605457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605457" title="HMS Alceste">
HMS Alceste

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Alceste", after Alcestis, a character in Greek mythology:

</doc>
<doc id="18605466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605466" title="List of ghost towns in Illinois">
List of ghost towns in Illinois

This is a list of ghost towns in Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="18605470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605470" title="Dancing with Mermaids">
Dancing with Mermaids

Dancing With Mermaids is a novel that was written by the English writer Miles Gibson. An erotic exercise in magic realism set in a secluded fishing village on the Dorset coast. It was first published in the United Kingdom on 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18605471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605471" title="A4214 road">
A4214 road

The A4214 is a ring-road around Llanelli in Carmarthenshire, west Wales.
The route begins at the junction with Hall Street and Gelli-onn, on the A484 road in northwest Llanelli. At this point,the road is a dual-carriageway as it heads south-east along Hall Street to the Public Library, then south-west along Church Street and past the town council, government buildings, then south-east again past the town hall and county council offices. Here, the road turns into a single-carriageway as it becomes Station Road to the junction with the B4303 and Queen Victoria Road. The road takes a 90-degree to the north-east along Murray Street towards the Asda Supermarket.
Following construction of the Asda Supermarket in the middle of the town centre, the road takes a detour around the car-park, first running south-east along Bres Road, then north-east along Upper Robinson Street then north-west along Stepney Place, before rejoining the original route. The road then continues north-east until it reaches Swansea Castle Roundabout, with the junction of the A484.
Inside this ring-road is the main commerce area of Llanelli, including the shopping centre, supermarket, indoor and outdoor markets, bus-station, high street shops as well as multi-story, off-street and street parking. 

</doc>
<doc id="18605477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605477" title="Luce nelle tenebre">
Luce nelle tenebre

Luce nelle tenebre is a 1941 Italian drama film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Fosco Giachetti.

</doc>
<doc id="18605499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605499" title="A486 road">
A486 road

The A486 is an A road in Carmarthenshire, Wales, which links Saron with New Quay.
The A486 begins at the junction with the A484 south of Saron. After departing Saron from the south it crosses the settlements of:
It finally crosses the heart of New Quay and ends near the waterfront area.

</doc>
<doc id="18605506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605506" title="Assateague Channel">
Assateague Channel

Assateague Channel is a channel on the Eastern Shore of Virginia between Chincoteague Island and Assateague Island. The Assateague Channel connects to Assateague Bay to the northeast and Chincoteague Inlet to the southwest.
Annual Pony Swim.
On the last Wednesday in July, the Chincoteague Volunteer Fire Department conducts the annual Wild Pony Swim as part of Pony Penning. Salt Water Cowboys round up wild Chincoteague Ponies from Assateague Island and drive them across the Assateague Channel to Veteran’s Memorial Park on Chincoteague Island. Once on Chincoteague Island, the Salt Water Cowboys heard the ponies to pens on the Chincoteague Carnival Grounds where some of the foals are auctioned off the next day. This traditional event in its current form has taken place since 1925 to raise money for the Chincoteague Volunteer Fire Department, but its roots date back to the 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18605517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605517" title="Santiago Benítez">
Santiago Benítez

Santiago Benítez (born 1903, death in 1997) was a Paraguayan footballer that played as a midfielder.
Career.
Benítez was part of the Paraguay national football team that participated in the 1930 FIFA World Cup. During most of his career he played for Olimpia Asunción and was a key member of the three consecutive national championships obtained by Olimpia in 1927, 1928 and 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="18605524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605524" title="Ibim">
Ibim

Ibim (, engl. Blossoms) was once a farm, in 1953 the center for the Sha'ar HaNegev Regional Council was established here. It is located in southern Israel near Sderot. Biblical "name derived from verse "I went down to the nut archard to look at the blossoms of the valley'" (Song of Solomon 6:11)
Then in 1992 a student village with the same name was established here in order to provide dwellings for immigrants from Ethiopia and the former Soviet Union who were studying at the nearby Sapir Academic College.

</doc>
<doc id="18605527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605527" title="List of ghost towns in Minnesota">
List of ghost towns in Minnesota


</doc>
<doc id="18605528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605528" title="SV Deportivo Nacional">
SV Deportivo Nacional

Sport Vereniging Deportivo Nacional (as known SV Deportivo Nacional) is an Aruban football club based in Palm Beach, Noord, which currently play in Aruba's first division. 
The hardcore supporters group calls themselves "Bad Boys" . They are not to be considered hardcore hooligans such as in Europe. But they are faithful followers cheering Dep. Nacional's games.
Fanbase for Dep. Nacional is spread over the whole Noord neighborhood. These include "barrios" such as Boegoeroei, Montserrat, Camay, Westpunt, Kudawecha & Turibana

</doc>
<doc id="18605546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605546" title="Small Farmers Party">
Small Farmers Party

Party of Smallholders and Rural People (, PMP), later renamed as the Small Farmers Party ("Pienviljelijäin puolue"), was a political party in Finland. The party was founded in Seinäjoki on December 20, 1936, through the unification of Smallholders' Party of Finland (SPP), People's Party and Central League of Recession Committees. Most members of the new party came from the SPP and the organization was mainly built on the basis of the SPP. Eino Yliruusi became chairman of the new party. 
The PMP had mainly a populist profile. However, because of the radical rhetoric of Yliruusi and the party's negative attitude to fascism and war, it was also seen as leftist. Some sections and members of the PMP had links to the underground Communist Party of Finland, who favoured cooperation with PMP as part of its popular front policy. The PMP leadership did however deny all forms of linkages with the communists.
The party published "Suomen Pienviljelijä" and "Pohjanmaan Sana".
During the Winter War, the PMP criticized the pro-German policies of the government. As a result, the party organ "Suomen Pienviljelijä" was closed down in 1939. Yliruusi attempted to start a new publication, "Suomen Sanomia", but it was rapidly closed down by the authorities. In 1941 both of the PMP MPs left the party and joined the Agrarian League. The party participated in elections until 1954 but it never returned to the parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18605549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605549" title="Schoolgirl Diary">
Schoolgirl Diary

Schoolgirl Diary () is a 1941 Italian drama film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Alida Valli. 

</doc>
<doc id="18605550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605550" title="Girls under Pressure">
Girls under Pressure

Girls under Pressure is the second book in the Girls series, written by Dame Jacqueline Wilson, DBE, a noted English author who writes fiction for children. It was published in 1998, the sequel to "Girls in Love" and followed by "Girls out Late". It is aimed at pre-teen and teenage readers.
Like the rest of the series, "Girls under Pressure" is told from the viewpoint of Eleanor "Ellie" Allard, a chubby thirteen-year-old girl who lives with her father, her stepmother, Anna, and her little half-brother, Eggs.
The story starts where Ellie and her two best friends, Magda and Nadine, are Christmas shopping at the Flowerfields Shopping Centre. While they shop, they notice a large buzz of an event going on upstairs. Nadine wonders if it is television. Magda replies, "Wow, I hope so" and steers the other two upstairs. 
It turns out to be a modelling competition for "Spicy" magazine, which Ellie discovers after seeing a lot of pretty and thin teenage girls getting their photos taken. Ellie stares in horror as she realises what she has been in the queue for. She witnesses Magda and Nadine being photographed, seeing how Nadine is "model-girl" thin. It is Ellie's turn to be photographed, but she runs away, pushing through the queue as she goes, with the result that one of the girls says, "She's far too fat!" (for modelling). Ellie, hurt and upset, leaves and goes home. This is where her obsessive dieting starts and she battles with a messy form of dieting, making herself sick once or twice, although it is not actually an eating disorder as she finds it very easy to recover as soon as she realises she must stop.
It worsens when Nadine gets through to the first round of the "Spicy" modelling competition. Ellie tries to be supportive but envies all of the models and their bodies. However, Nadine is not chosen to go through to the next round and the two quarrel, but make it up on the way home. Meanwhile, Magda has been on a date with Mick and is nearly a victim of date-rape.
Ellie once did an Art project with Zoe, a highly intelligent student who has been put up a year to take her GCSEs early. Ellie is motivated to lose weight by not eating as Zoe had a "biggish bum" and now she has "amazing cheekbones", due to her lack of food and lots of exercise. However, Ellie eventually stops after hearing that Zoe got so thin she collapsed and nearly died of heart failure. She goes to visit the hospital for girls with eating disorders that Zoe is in, and she is shocked by how sad and small Zoe looks. So, she promptly stops her diet, as she does not want to die.

</doc>
<doc id="18605574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605574" title="Polyclinic">
Polyclinic

A polyclinic (or policlinic), is a place where a wide range of health care services (including diagnostics) can be obtained without the need for an overnight stay. Polyclinics are sometimes co-located with a hospital.
Etymology.
Greek "polis" city, "klinike" ("techne") "(practice) at the sickbed," from "klinikos" "of the bed," "kline" "bed, couch, that on which one lies". Literally city-clinic, in fact "a clinic held in a private house".
Function.
A typical polyclinic is an outpatient facility that houses general medical practitioners (GPs) such as doctors and nurses to provide ambulatory care and some acute care services but lacks the major surgical and pre- and post-operative care facilities commonly associated with hospitals. Besides GPs a polyclinic can house outpatient departments of some medical specialties i.e. gynecology, dermatology, ophthalmology, ENT, neurology, pulmonology, cardiology, endocrinology etc. In some university cities polyclinics house outpatient departments of all the teaching hospital in one building.
Internationally.
Polyclinics are common type of healthcare facility in many countries incl. France, Germany (long tradition), Switzerland and most of the countries of Central and Eastern Europe (mixed Soviet-German model), as well as in former Soviet republics such as Russia and Ukraine; and in many countries across Asia and Africa. Recent Russian governments have attempted to replace the polyclinic model introduced during Soviet times with a more western model. However, this has failed. India has also set up huge numbers of polyclinics for former defence personnel. The network envisages 426 polyclinics in 343 districts of the country which will benefit about 33 lakh (3.3 million) ex-servicemen residing in remote and far-flung areas. Polyclinics are also the backbone of Cuba's primary care system and have been credited with a role in improving that nation's health indicators.
Other uses of the word.
The word "polyclinic" ("policlinico") in Italy refers to a general hospital, not to a polyclinic in the English sense of the word, which would instead be termed a "poliambulatorio".

</doc>
<doc id="18605601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605601" title="Greg Biagini">
Greg Biagini

Gregory Peter Biagini (March 12, 1952 — October 3, 2003) was an American player, coach and manager in minor league baseball and a batting coach for the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball. A native of Chicago, Illinois, Biagini stood 6'2" (188 cm) tall, weighed 220 pounds (100 kg), batted left-handed and threw right-handed during his playing career.
Biagini was chosen in the 12th round in the June 1973 amateur draft by the Montreal Expos. He attended Glenbrook North High School in Northbrook, Illinois, and played varsity baseball, football and ice hockey at Iowa State University. He was a first baseman in the Montreal farm system before turning his hand to managing in 1983 with the Bluefield Orioles of the Rookie-level Appalachian League. Biagini would manage in the minor leagues for 14 seasons (1983–91; 1995–99) for Baltimore and the Texas Rangers, compiling a record of 937 wins and 933 defeats (.501) with two AAA championships, with the 1990 Rochester Red Wings of the International League and the 1996 Oklahoma City 89ers of the American Association. He spent three seasons (1992–94) in the American League as the major-league hitting coach for the Orioles during the managerial term of Johnny Oates, and was the minor league hitting coordinator of the Boston Red Sox in 2000-01.
Greg Biagini died at 51 from kidney cancer in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="18605602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605602" title="List of ghost towns in Oregon">
List of ghost towns in Oregon

This is an incomplete list of ghost towns in Oregon, a state of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18605605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605605" title="Francisco Aguirre (Paraguayan footballer)">
Francisco Aguirre (Paraguayan footballer)

Francisco Aguirre (born 1908, date of death unknown) was a Paraguayan footballer that played as a midfielder. Aguirre was part of the Paraguay national football team that participated in the 1930 FIFA World Cup. During most of his career he played for Olimpia Asunción.

</doc>
<doc id="18605612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605612" title="Alfonso Quijada Urías">
Alfonso Quijada Urías

Alfonso Quijada Urías, born , is a Salvadoran poet and an author. Urías has published various poems such as the anthology "De aquí en adelante" (San Salvador), in conjunction with the poets José Roberto Cea, Manlio Argueta, Tirso Canales and Roberto Armijo. Many of his works deal with the effects of war and the realities of urban life in Central America.
Biography.
Urías was born in Quezaltepeque, in the La Libertad Department of El Salvador.
In 1962, he won the second prize in the III Certamen Cultural de la Asociación de Estudiantes de Humanidades de la Universidad de El Salvador. In 1963, he won the third prize from the Juegos Florales de Zacatecoluca. In 1967, he won the first prize for poetry at the Juegos Florales de Quetzaltenango in Guatemala. In 1971 he won first prize at the Bienal de Poesía Latinoamericana in Panama.
In 1981, he moved to Nicaragua, and later to Mexico, where he worked as a journalist. In 2003, he won the Cervantes prize known as the "Premio de Poesía Instituto Cervantes". He now lives in Canada. 

</doc>
<doc id="18605639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605639" title="Silverado Trail">
Silverado Trail

The Silverado Trail is a scenic route that travels 29 miles along the Eastern edge of the Napa Valley, parallel to and several miles to the east of California State Route 29.
History.
The road began as a trail built in 1852 after flooding made the main Napa Valley road impassible. Later, it served as a wagon trail to link cinnabar mines on Mount St. Helena to San Pablo Bay, the northern portion of the San Francisco Bay, and was the first permanent road from Napa to Calistoga.
Silver was discovered in Napa Valley in 1858, and wine production began in the 1870s, making the road an important trade route. Charles Bolles, a highway bandit also known as "Black Bart", preyed on the road's travelers in the 1880s. Safety improved when motorized bus service began in 1910. A Phylloxera plague and Prohibition forced most but not all of the local wineries out of business.
The area thrived with the growing prominence of California wine. One of the wineries on the road, Stag's Leap Wine Cellars, made Napa Valley world famous in 1976 when it won the Judgment of Paris, a promotional wine competition among French and California wines. Today, at least 40 of the Valley's more than 200 wineries are along or near the road.

</doc>
<doc id="18605641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605641" title="Love Me Again (album)">
Love Me Again (album)

Love Me Again is a 1978 album by Rita Coolidge and was released on the A&M Records label.
Track listing.
Side two.
Source: Rita Coolidge "Love Me Again" album cover

</doc>
<doc id="18605643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605643" title="I Live as I Please">
I Live as I Please

I Live as I Please () is a 1942 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Ferruccio Tagliavini.

</doc>
<doc id="18605649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605649" title="Demetris Kizas">
Demetris Kizas

Demetris Kizas () (born September 6, 1954 in Paralimni, Cyprus) is Cypriot former international footballer.
He began to play football from Paralimni in 1971 and in 1976 he went to Greece for Panathinaikos. After big career in the Panathinaikos in 1981 he went to Panachaiki and the next year to the OFI of Crete. He remained one year in OFI and he returned in Panachaiki in order to hang his shoes in 1989. Today he is permanent resident of Patras. He is member and has been also chairman of veterans of Panachaiki.
He has worn time times the shirt of Cyprus national football team and he scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="18605661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605661" title="Apostolic Christian Church of America">
Apostolic Christian Church of America

The Apostolic Christian Church of America is a Christian denomination, based in the United States. Its website states, "The Apostolic Christian Church believes in the infallibility of the Bible, and it is founded on faith in Jesus Christ, the Son of God. The purpose of the church is to teach the Gospel message of salvation, to nurture the believer, to preserve sound doctrine and to serve others in the likeness of Christ."
The denomination consists of approximately 90 congregations in the United States, Japan, Mexico and Canada. The church also conducts worship services on many college campuses in several states. An organization called Apostolic Christian World Relief collects both financial and material aid for distribution to persons in need on a worldwide basis. There is growing mission work in Mexico, including development of an orphanage in Magdalena, Mexico.
The church operates nursing homes for the elderly in several states, a Home for the Handicapped in Morton, Illinois with several residential facilities, Apostolic Christian Counseling & Family Services, and a Children's Home in Leo, Indiana. 
For information on the general history of the Apostolic Christian "family" of denominations (and links to other related denominations), see Apostolic Christian Church.
Biblical Practices and Traditions.
Church Discipline.
Members are said to be disciplined out of love, and since the church believes some sins are worse than others, the degree of discipline varies on the degree of sin. If the member commits a sin unto death, as the Apostolic Christian Church believes to be laid out by the Bible, he or she will be excommunicated. Although not completely shunned, the individual will no longer be considered a member of the ACCA. Common to popular misconception, ACCA members can be disciplined because of sin or because of a lack of adherence to traditions, though in practice, rarely has the latter reason ever been used as a basis of discipline.
Conversion.
The conversion experienced for each member varies in timing and detail, but all include repentance for one's sins, making restitution, confessing sins to God while in the presence of man (an elder of the church), and finding peace with God. The word "convert" is used throughout the denomination to describe anyone who begins repentance but has not yet been baptized into the church. It does not imply conversion from another denomination or religion, but from the carnal to the spiritual state. Once converts "receive peace from God," this is announced to the church and a baptism date is set. Converts give a testimony before the members of the church prior to the public baptism service, telling the story of their personal conversion experience. This sharing, commonly referred to as a "testimony" or "proving", typically takes place the night before the baptism and is a closed member meeting. Because baptism is identified with a "death to sin" in Romans 6 and other New Testament writings, congregational recognition of the convert's repentance and death to sin is desired prior to baptism. The baptism service is open for anyone to attend and is performed before the entire congregation. Before the baptism takes place the convert makes a covenant with God in the presence of the entire congregation. Once the covenant is made, the convert is fully immersed in water (unless they are physically unable to do so). After the baptism service, there is a laying on of hands by one or more elders and an accompanying consecration prayer. This laying on of hands and prayer of consecration is said to place the seal the Holy Spirit on the life of the newly baptized.
If considering converting to the Apostolic Christian Church of America, it is imperative that you are instructed well before-hand and know what to expect.
Locations.
Spread throughout the world, churches can be found in many countries.
Along with missionary work, the church also operates several nursing homes, schools, charities and orphanages.

</doc>
<doc id="18605665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605665" title="List of ghost towns in Washington">
List of ghost towns in Washington

This is an incomplete list of ghost towns in Washington, a state of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18605698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605698" title="Silvana Jachino">
Silvana Jachino

Silvana Jachino (2 February 1916 – 28 August 2004) was an Italian film actress. She appeared in 65 films between 1936 and 1970.
She was born in Milan, Italy and died in Rimini, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18605710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605710" title="Cube Quest">
Cube Quest

Cube Quest is an arcade game released by Simutrek Inc. in 1983. It combines 3-D polygonal graphics with laserdisc-streamed, animated backgrounds (a technique later employed by Namco's "Galaxian 3")
Gameplay.
The objective of the game is to guide a spaceship through a cube-like network to reach the treasure star located at the opposite extreme of the player's origin. Each cube edge leads to one of 54 uniquely themed corridors where a wave of enemies must be dispatched in a tube shooter style gameplay sequence.
Production.
Paul Allen Newell was responsible for the design and programming. The laserdisc backgrounds were produced by Robert Abel and Associates. Ken Nordine (uncredited) voiced the introductory narration. The game was planned to be released for the Vectrex, but was cancelled when the console went off the market.
The CGI backgrounds were later used in "Beyond the Mind's Eye".
External links.
Cube Quest - Clash for the Crown is a board game released by Gamewright games in 2013. 
Two players do battle by finger flicking their plastic cubes at their opponent's cubes. Any cubes that come off the board are defeated (out of play). Each player has one King cube to protect. If you defeat your opponent's king you win the battle.

</doc>
<doc id="18605721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605721" title="Bure Equity">
Bure Equity

Bure Equity is an investment company involved in communications, textiles, training, and education. It is largest private school operator in Sweden. This role gained it international attention in connection to the rise of independent schools in Sweden. Bure Equity owns Vittra, a company that runs schools in Sweden and other countries.
On the 11th of February 2009 Altor Fund III and Bure Equity AB signed an agreement to acquire Carnegie Investment Bank AB, a leading independent Nordic investment bank, from the Swedish National Debt Office.

</doc>
<doc id="18605728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605728" title="Nuremberg 1896 chess tournament">
Nuremberg 1896 chess tournament

The tournament at Nürnberg 1896 should have become "10. Deutschen Schachbund Kongreß" (German Chess Congress), but the local chess club took over the organisation and included no minor groups. Finally, the 10th DSB Congress was held in Eisenach in 1896 (Robert Henry Barnes won "Meisterturnier", and Wilhelm Cohn won "Hauptturnier").
Thirty-nine players wanted to participate in the master competition, nineteen were allowed in Nuremberg. When Amos Burn withdrew, Rudolf Charousek took his place. The international tournament was played in the premises of the Museum Society in Nuremberg from 20 July until 9 August. The time limit was thirty moves in two hours. The main prizes went to Emanuel Lasker (3000 marks), Géza Maróczy (2000 marks), Siegbert Tarrasch and Harry Nelson Pillsbury (each 1250 marks), Dawid Janowski (600 marks), Wilhelm Steinitz (300 marks), Carl August Walbrodt and Carl Schlechter (each 100 marks).
Literature.
Dr. Siegbert Tarrasch und Schröder, Chr.: "Das Internationale Schachturnier des Schachclubs Nürnberg im Juli-August 1896. Sammlung sämtlicher Partien". Nachdruck der Ausgabe Leipzig 1897. Reprint Band 28. Olms, Zürich 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18605730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605730" title="Nikola Zorić">
Nikola Zorić

Nikola "Nidža" Zorić (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола "Ниџа" Зорић) is a Serbian musician best known as the keyboardist for the Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba.
Biography.
Nikola Zorić started his career in 1997 with band Kazneni Prostor. Alongside working with the band Zorić became a member of choir Braća Baruh. Kazneni Prostor disbaned in 1999, and Zorić joined Riblja Čorba in 2002 replacing Vlada Barjaktarević.
Nikola Zorić was involved in recording a children's mucic choir Horislavci album "Ekološka žurka" and folk music album "Tiho noći".

</doc>
<doc id="18605749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605749" title="Roman shipyard of Stifone (Narni)">
Roman shipyard of Stifone (Narni)

The Roman shipyard of Stifone is an archaeological find of Roman origin recently discovered in Umbria, in the municipality of Narni, inside an artificial channel adjacent the Nera River, about 900 metres down-river from the village of Stifone. Its position is just behind the remains of the river port of the ancient city of Narni.
The shipyard in the local historiography.
Even before the discovery, following some popular tales handed down through the centuries, it is indicative to note how the local historiography had already mentioned the ancient presence of a similar structure. The former major of Narni, Rutilio Robusti, asserted: 
"The origin of the word Stifone comes from the Greek and it has been used to indicate a place where timber boats and rafts were built to be sent towards Rome" 
(Rutilio Robusti, "Narni, guida della città e dintorni", 1924) 
That contribution has been taken up by other authors, as Italo Ciaurro and Guerriero Bolli, both of whom have mentioned the origin of the toponym, the second writing of a "shipyard of Stifone" although he was thinking of the Byzantine period. Without any evidence to support the theory, the story of an ancient shipyard was never fully investigated, leaving only a general idea based on a few quotes. With Robusti's contribution, the normal thinking was that the site had perhaps been used for the construction of river rafts for the transportation of people and goods. Once the ruins were actually discovered, it was realized that due to the scale of the works and effort that had gone into building it, it may have been something more. The possibility that it had a connection to the Punic Wars shouldn't be excluded; for this reason, the volunteers who have been working to expand the knowledge of the site are hoping for more attention from archaeologists and public administrations. Being a unique and valuable find, it is important that it be dated as accurately as possible. The potential knowledge that may be gleaned from the site should not be underestimated.
The ancient navigability of the Nera River.
The ancient navigability of the Nera River, as a natural way to send farm produce towards Rome, following the Tiber River in Orte, is confirmed by the classic authors Strabo and Tacitus. The Greek geographer refers about "not big boats"; the Latin historian instead describes in detail the journey of the consul Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso and his wife Plancina who, in the 19, returning to Rome from the provinces of Syria, decided to leave the Via Flaminia and taking a ship at Narni. 
« Starting from Narni, to avoid suspects or because who fears is uncertain in his plans, he followed the waterway of Nera River and then of Tiber. So he increased the popular grudge because, once landed with the ship at Cesari’s grave, in broad daylight and with riverside full of people, they advanced cheerful in face, him among a crowd of clients and Plancina with her following of women» (Tacitus, "Annales", Book III, 9)
However, the navigability of the Nera River is related only with the last part of its waterway, included between Stifone and the confluence of Nera with the Tiber. The narrow gorges below Narni, in fact, make impossible this practice.
The position of the river port and its rediscovery.
The geographical coordinates of the ancient river port of Narni were revealed in the 16th century by the Jesuit Fulvio Cardoli, who saw in person its traces. Below his contribute:
"About one thousand steps beyond Taizzano, there was time once a port along the Nera River, as demonstrated by some traces" 
(F. Cardoli, "Ex notis Fulvij Carduli S.J. presbyteri Narniensis de Civitatis Narniae, Origine et antiquatibus").
The river port was found in the same position in the year 1879, when an informer of the marquis Giovanni Eroli noticed the remains of two big pilasters used to fasten the boats.
With the construction of some dams up stream, and the consequent rise of the river level, the port was tacitly believed as submerged. The remains of it, contrary to popular belief, were however in the same place described by the Jesuit, although hidden among the bushy vegetation. Only in the year 1992 was the port mentioned again in local historiography, when the archaeologist Roberto Nini wrote of the area. Some years later, the river port was visited by the superintendent for the regional archaeological heritage, Daniela Monacchi, but the close presence of an ancient shipyard was not noticed, due to a body of stagnant water which has obstructed the passage.
The finding of the shipyard.
Meanwhile, someone had decided to patrol the channel which hosts the remains of the shipyard, in particular a group of people from the close village of Nera Montoro who knew the old popular story regarding the presence of a similar structure. After perceiving its destination, the local artist Alvaro Caponi has tried to reconstruct the hypothetical functioning producing some sketches, but despite its importance, the discovery has remained without any development. This till the beginning of the new century, when a young free-lance journalist, Christian Armadori, taken to the place by the entrant archaeologist Claudio Maturi with the prospect of an article, has been stunned by the find insomuch as undertaking an appropriate research. Then, in the year 2006, a group of volunteers has established the cultural association "Porto di Narni Approdo d'Europa" with the aim to put the archaeological site under the attention of the local government, and few time later also the major of Narni, Stefano Bigaroni, has gone to the area in order to check the plausibility of the discovery. 
The structure of the shipyard.
The remains are situated inside an artificial channel dug in the rock, about 280 m long, once united with the Nera River upstream and downstream, as showed by some maps of the land office. It is composed with two opposite cut walls, about 16.5 m apart, which showed a series of squared holes disposed on three lines, for a total of 30 incisions per wall, on the theoretical basis carried out by the artist who has reconstructed its scale drawing (there are only 27 holes still visible). The function of these holes has been supposed to be for inserting lateral props to support and stabilise ships. The fact the holes run for about 13 metres per wall, and considering how the props shouldn’t be necessary for prow and stern (the thinnest parts of the boat), the measures appear quite substantive for simple river rafts, especially with reference to the notable distance between walls. So far, it has seemed more prudent not to speak about Roman quinquereme or trireme without the essential comparisons, especially considering how the historians themselves are not agreed about the exact measures of these warships. However, most of them share similar opinions when they speak about their draft, supposed to be quite moderate, then potentially suitable to descend along the last stretch of the Nera River, which is very copious of water before to flow into the Tiber River. The reasons of a shipyard quite far from the Tyrrhenian Sea, but however well linked with it through the river way, should be found on the abundance of raw material offered by the Umbrian territory (wood of different quality), with the area of Narni fall under the Roman domination since 299 BC. In add, it is interesting to ascertain how the classical authors of that period didn’t supply clear information about the different position of the navy yard, included Polybius who has been the most important historians of the Punic Wars. The need of safety could be linked with the choice to assemble ships in the up-country, without the risk to be exposed at the potential threats of the enemy from the sea. In fact, the modern historians are in agreement to collocate the ancient "navalia" inside the city of Rome, in the area of Campus Martius. It means the shipyard of Stifone could be only one of the different structures used at that époque, in whom the imposing effort made by the Romans in the year 261 BC to create their first war fleet is famous. However, it’s right and proper to insist how the hypothesis, although generally shared by the researchers, are at the moment still under assessment.
The other finds emerged in the area.
A series of finds emerged in the surrounding fields had already indicated how in the past an urban settlement was based in the area. In the year 1914 an ancient spa pool was found (the zone is very rich in water springs), while two stones with inscriptions came to light at short distance from the shipyard in the years 1850 and 1970. Then, a new proof of the importance of the area in the Roman époque has recently emerged with the discovery of a cistern 25 metres deep, still very close to the archaeological site. The ancient importance of that territory in the Roman ages is additionally confirmed by a narration of Livy for the year 207 BC, especially as a strategic point. After having intercepted a correspondence between Hasdrubal and his brother Hannibal, the Roman legions decided to block the passage in proximity of the shipyard area, as it’s clearly deductible by the geographical coordinates provided by the author 
« Two knights of Narnia were returned from the battle in the camp situated at the entrance of the narrow gorge which opens the way to Umbria »
The narrow gorge which opens the way to Umbria is exactly behind the archaeological area, situated just in proximity of its entrance
The non usability of the archaeological area.
The remains of the shipyard, despite the pleas, are at the moment completely abandoned, with vegetation and stagnant waters to put its partial integrity under the risk of further damages. The area, subjected to the possibility of sudden floods due to the presence of dams located upstream, is under the management of the multinational energetic Endesa Italia, so nobody can get there for guided visits without particular authorizations. In add, the original destination of it has been strongly twisted in the medieval époque, this for the installation of several watermills.
Present state of the studies.
The studies carried out by the free-lance journalist Christian Armadori, with the support of the other volunteers involved in the cultural association as Sara Uffreduzzi and Vittorio Budassi, has eventually been published in February 2012 by an editor specialized in the archeological field, with the endorsement of some experts of the University of Perugia arrived to the place to evaluate the credibility of the hypothesis. The aim of the author is providing an input in order to develop the knowledge of the area and rouse the interest of the scientific community.

</doc>
<doc id="18605752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605752" title="David A. Eklund">
David A. Eklund

David A. Eklund is the co-founder and Chairman of Aeolus Re, a Bermuda based reinsurance firm specializing in property catastrophe reinsurance. Previously, he served as President and Chief Underwriting Officer of Renaissance Re, also a Bermuda based reinsurance firm.
Early life.
He was born in Princeton, Illinois in 1959 moved with his family to Normal, Illinois in 1965 when his father left teaching to pursue a career in educational publishing. He moved with his family to Ramsey, New Jersey in 1972 when his father's promotion called for relocation to the New York metropolitan area. He graduated from Ramsey High School in 1978, having earned all state honors in soccer. Thereafter he attended the The College of William & Mary being graduated with a B.A. in Economics in 1982.
Career.
Eklund began his reinsurance career in 1983 as an entry level trainee with Constitution Re, the reinsurance arm of the Crum & Forster group. In 1988 he was recruited by Ajit Jain to be the Treaty Department Manager for the Reinsurance Division of Berkshire Hathaway. There, he was instrumental in getting Berkshire to enter the property catastrophe field after hurricane Hugo and the San Francisco earthquake lead to a shortage of capacity in the market in 1989. In 1993, he joined Renaissance Re as a founding member of management, initially serving as Vice President in charge of International and Retrocessional business, ultimately rising to become President and Chief Underwriting Officer. In 2004, he resigned from Renaissance Re in conjunction with moving his family back to the United States.
Aeolus Re.
After the active hurricane seasons on 2004 (Charlie, Frances Ivan, Jeanne) and 2005 (Katrina, Rita, Wilma) changes in catastrophe modeling firms models together with more stringent rating agency requirements resulted in a large capacity shortage for property catastrophe reinsurance. In response to this opportunity, Eklund, along with Peter A. Appel, formed the Bermuda based reinsurer Aeolus Re to write property catastrophe business. In addition to the co-founders, funding for this new company came mainly from Warburg Pincus and Merrill Lynch.
Personal.
Eklund serves on the William and Mary Foundation Board, the Community School of Naples Board of Trustees, and is an active supporter of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and Covenant House.

</doc>
<doc id="18605759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605759" title="Catene invisibili">
Catene invisibili

Catene invisibili is a 1942 Italian film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Alida Valli. 

</doc>
<doc id="18605761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605761" title="Sivaganga (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Sivaganga (Lok Sabha constituency)

Sivaganga is a Lok Sabha (Parliament of India) constituency in Tamil Nadu. P. Chidambaram, the Finance Minister of India, represents this constituency.
Assembly segments.
Sivaganga Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly segments post delimitation effective from fifteenth loksabha

</doc>
<doc id="18605764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605764" title="Círculo Literario Xibalbá">
Círculo Literario Xibalbá

Círculo Literario Xibalbá was a circle of writers that appeared during the armed conflict in El Salvador. It was funded by the Universidad de El Salvador in the 1980s. The group constitutes one of the most prominent groups in the literary history of El Salvador and one of the most affected during the civil war. During the war several members were assassinated for their publications and today many members work in very different fields. 
Notable members include Amilcar Colocho, Manuel Barrera, Otoniel Guevara, Luis Alvarenga, Silvia Elena Regalado, Antonio Casquín, Dagoberto Segovia, Jorge Vargas Méndez, Álvaro Darío Lara, Eva Ortíz, Arquímides Cruz, Ernesto Deras.

</doc>
<doc id="18605773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605773" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Outagamie County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Outagamie County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Outagamie County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18605774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605774" title="Woodbridge High School (Bridgeville, Delaware)">
Woodbridge High School (Bridgeville, Delaware)

Woodbridge High School is a public high school in Bridgeville, Delaware. It is part of the Woodbridge School District and located in Sussex County. It has about 500 students who go by the name of the "Blue Raiders". The school colors are blue, grey, and white.

</doc>
<doc id="18605784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605784" title="GMTA">
GMTA

GMTA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18605785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605785" title="Satisfied (Rita Coolidge album)">
Satisfied (Rita Coolidge album)

Satisfied is a 1979 album by Rita Coolidge, released on A&M Records. The album is notable for containing Coolidge's comeback single, "I'd Rather Leave While I'm In Love", as well as for its perceived unique musical direction at the time of its release.
History.
The album contains Coolidge's comeback single, "I'd Rather Leave While I'm In Love", as well as Coolidge's version of The Chiffons' "One Fine Day", which was also released as a single. The album has been described as comparable in significance to Dusty Springfield's "Dusty in Memphis" album, released ten years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="18605793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605793" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Ozaukee County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ozaukee County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Ozaukee County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18605806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605806" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Racine County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Racine County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Racine County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18605809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605809" title="Good Day to Cross a River">
Good Day to Cross a River

Good Day to Cross a River is the debut album by comedian Greg Giraldo, released by Comedy Central Records on October 24, 2006.
Reception.
"Good Day to Cross a River" was met with highly positive reviews, such as Allmusic's David Jefferies who summarized the album's content saying, "There are times during Good Day to Cross a River when the audience is laughing so hard you know they're wiping tears out of their eyes". He also praised Giraldo, saying - "He's a sleazy, disgruntled guy on burst mode, hammering his audience relentlessly with cynical, outrageous, and extremely funny observations." 

</doc>
<doc id="18605829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605829" title="Aliwan Fiesta">
Aliwan Fiesta

Aliwan Fiesta is an annual event that gathers different cultural festivals of the Philippines in Star City Complex in Pasay City wherein contingents compete in dance parade and float competitions, as well as in a beauty pageant. Organized by Manila Broadcasting Company (MBC) together with Cultural Center of the Philippines (CCP) and the cities of Manila and Pasay, the event is dubbed as "The Mother of All Fiestas," with prizes totaling to P3 million (roughly US$70,000). Aliwan Fiesta, which began in 2003, aims to showcase the different Filipino cultures and heritage not only to the people in Metro Manila but also to the rest of the world. The contingents, meanwhile, aim to promote their respective regions both economically and tourism-wise. It was originally organized as a visual extravaganza for the Christmas season, but it has since been held during the summer months of either April or May. "Aliwan" is a Tagalog word for "entertainment" or "amusement." For 2010, the colorful banner at the Roxas Blvd. entrance proclaimed the fiesta as THE PHILIPPINES GRANDEST FIESTA.
Competition.
Aliwan Fiesta is divided into three categories: Cultural Street Dance Competition (the main event), Float Parade, and "Reyna ng Aliwan" (Queen of Entertainment/Amusement) beauty pageant. Each of the country's 17 regions have the option to send up to two contingents representing its respective cultural festival, as well as an option to send a representing float and or beauty pageant contestant. However, the roster of entries for the cultural dance and float competitions are limited. In 2008, the number of slots for cultural dance was increased from 20 to 24 groups, which was completed as early as January. Each contingent in the cultural street dance competition—totaling up to 100 dancers as well as hundreds of musicians and support staff members—have undergone stringent elimination cycles during various local festivals before being chosen to compete in Aliwan Fiesta. The highlight of the event is when all competing festivals show off their dance skills while parading for four kilometers (about 2½ miles) along Roxas Boulevard from Quirino Grandstand to Aliw Theater grounds located near CCP. The festivals range from the well-known such as Sinulog of Cebu City, and Panagbenga of Baguio City, to the obscure but just-as-interesting feasts like Alikaraw of Hilongos, Leyte, Padang-Padang of Parang, Shariff Kabunsuan, and Pamitinan Festival of Rodriguez, Rizal. Side events also include a bazaar featuring different regional products, a photography contest, an inter-scholastic dance competition (interpreting dance tunes played on MBC radio stations), Filipino street games, and a fireworks display.
Meanwhile, the participating floats are only allowed to use local textiles, produce, flowers, and other products specific in their representing city in decorating the vehicles. Each float, portraying local folklore and indigenous traditions, is topped by a participant of "Reyna ng Aliwan" serving as muse. The beauty pageant contestants have competed a day before the parade.
The top ten contingents in the cultural dance and float competitions receive cash prizes, with the top float winner receiving P500,000 (roughly US$11,000) and the winning cultural dance group getting P1 million (about US$23,000) as well as the bragging rights of becoming the champion of Aliwan Fiesta. Meanwhile, the "Reyna ng Aliwan" receives P100,000 (roughly US$2,300).
Winners.
Dinagyang Festival of Iloilo City has won the most number of wins in the cultural dance category including four straight championships from 2010 to 2013. Dinagyang Festival is the first festival to be inducted to the Aliwan Hall of Fame for winning five times (2007, 2008. In addition, Dinagyang has also copped second places from 2006 to 2008. Another contingent from Cebu, Sinulog sa Carmen, also won 3rd place year 2008 (both contingents, Lumad Basakanon of Cebu City and Sinulog sa Carmen from the Cebu Province, landed in the top three wherein Lumad Basakanon garnered the Aliwan Hall-of-Fame). Other Aliwan Fiesta champions include Halad Festival of Midsayap, Cotabato (2003) and 2004 Dinagyang's Tribu Atub-Atub, 2005 Dinagyang's Pintados de Passi of Passi City, Iloilo 2010 Dinagyang's Tribu Paghidaet and Dinagyang's Tribu Pan-ay in 2011, won the street dance championship. Aside from the official Aliwan Fiesta website, there is a decent blog that has a listing of the winners for 2010 with videos on display.
Coffee table book.
MBC presented a coffee table book in 2008 entitled "Aliwan Fiesta: Celebrating Life In These 7,107 Islands". It was documented by cultural affairs specialist Susan Isorena-Arcega, featuring various photographs taken during Aliwan Fiesta's first five years. The book aims to tackle the Filipino's festive psyche, the multi-pronged treatise on what the Philippine festivals are rooted in, and the display of cultural heritage through dance and craftsmanship.

</doc>
<doc id="18605832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605832" title="Bommersheim">
Bommersheim

Bommersheim is one of five town districts of Oberursel, located southeast of the core city and immediately northwest of Frankfurt am Main in Germany.
History.
The oldest known documented mention of Bommersheim is found in the Codex Laureshamensis, the so-called Lorscher Codex. 

</doc>
<doc id="18605841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605841" title="Babasónicos discography">
Babasónicos discography

The complete discography of the Argentine rock band Babasónicos. 

</doc>
<doc id="18605854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605854" title="University of El Salvador">
University of El Salvador

The University of El Salvador or Universidad de El Salvador (UES) is the oldest and the most prominent university institutions in El Salvador. It serves as the national university of the country. The main campus, Ciudad Universitaria, is located in the capital of San Salvador, but there are also branches of the university in other Salvadoran cities such as Santa Ana, San Miguel and San Vicente. In addition, there is a new branch of University of El Salvador in the municipality of Nueva Concepcion, Chalatenango, located in the north of El Salvador.
History.
The University of El Salvador was founded on February 16, 1841, as an initiative of the Gral. Francisco Malespin and the priest Crisanto Salazar, with the objective of providing a centre for further education for the Salvadoran youth. 
Throughout much of its existence, the university has had a precarious existence, in the earlier years characterised by lack of governmental support and funding. In the 1950s, the University of El Salvador faced opposition from the authoritarian government of the country and many of the students and university professors were victims of the military repression. In the 1970s student uprisings took place. On July 19, 1972, the government of Colonel Arturo Armando Molina intervened at the university to suppress the student uprising with military action. During the period of occupation, that extended until the end of 1973, the university campus was occupied by troops. When the university reopened, a campaign against the university community began, accusing it to be a center of Marxist indoctrination. In the following years, hundreds of students, university professors, and university authorities faced government repression, and in October 1980, the university's chancellor, Felix Ulloa, was assassinated.
On June 26, 1980, the University was once again occupied by the Armed Forces, having begun a period of three years in exile. The earthquake of 10 October 1986, seriously damaged the infrastructure of the University in San Salvador. Until the end of Civil War of El Salvador (1980–1992), the UES underwent a period of decay.
In 1991, with the election of Dr. Fabio Castillo, a period of recovery of the University began. In the administration of Maria Isabel Rodriguez, who served from 1999–2008, the University reached out to the government, and campus's infrastructure was improved. Meanwhile, the University maintains a progressive and democratic line in favor of the great majorities.
Faculties.
The main faculties of the university follows

</doc>
<doc id="18605859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605859" title="Marcello Marchesi">
Marcello Marchesi

Marcello Marchesi (4 April 1912 – 19 July 1978) was an Italian screenwriter and film director. He wrote 64 films between 1939 and 1977. He also directed six films between 1951 and 1952.
He was born in Rome, Italy and died in San Giovanni in Sinis, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18605872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605872" title="4th Corps of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina">
4th Corps of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The 4th Corps of the Bosnian army was one of five later seven corps formed in 1992.
Operational Zone.
The 4th Corps was mainly responsible for then Mostar, the headquarters of the 4th Corps, and the Mostar region, but also Livno, Tomislavgrad and Trebinje, Konjic, Prozor, Jablanica.
4th Corps Units.
Arif Pašalić, 
Midhat Hujdur Hujka, 
Semir Drljević Lovac, 
Esad Humo

</doc>
<doc id="18605889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605889" title="Order of Petrovic Njegos">
Order of Petrovic Njegos

The Order of Petrović Njegoš (Montenegrin: Орден Петровић Његош, Orden Petrović Njegoš) was founded by King Nikola I of Montenegro in 1896 to commemorate the 200 years of rule of the Royal House of Petrović-Njegoš.
In the same year of the foundation of the Order and Dynastic celebration, King Nicholas's fifth daughter, Princess Elena of Montenegro, married Prince Victor Emmanuel of Savoy, the heir to the Italian Throne.
The Order is given to members of the Dynasty and kinsmen exclusively and is not an Order that is generally given beyond that. The Order was not bestowed in 1996 while Montenegro remained a non-sovereign state.
In 2008, celebrating the passage of 300 years since the first Petrović Njegoš rulers ascent, the Crown Prince of Montenegro bestowed the Order in recognition of this landmark.
The upper arm of the cross bears the Cyrillic initial "D" that stands for Danilo I - the first Petrović Njegoš Hereditary Bishop - and the lower one "N" for Nicholas I. The remaining two arms of the cross indicate the date of the first rule by the dynasty and of the foundation of the Order.
The Order of Petrović Njegošis a House Order of the Royal House of Montenegro.
The Order consists of a single class, and is normally reserved for members of the Royal Family and their kinsmen.

</doc>
<doc id="18605890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605890" title="USS Teak (AN-35)">
USS Teak (AN-35)

USS "Teak" (AN-35/YN-30) was an "Aloe"-class net laying ship which served with the U.S. Navy in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations during World War II. She was assigned to serve the U.S. Pacific Fleet with her protective anti-submarine nets and earned two battle stars and other commendations for her bravery.
Launched in Camden, New Jersey.
"Teak" (YN-30) was laid down on 25 October 1940 at Camden, New Jersey, by John H. Mathis & Company; launched on 7 July 1941; sponsored by Mrs. E. L. Patch; placed in service on 7 May 1942; and commissioned on 10 December 1942 at Colon, Panama Canal Zone, Lt. Harl Stanley Day, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
Coastal protection services.
At the time of her commissioning, the net tender was assigned to the nets guarding the west gate of the Panama Canal. "Teak" transited the canal on 15 December 1942; departed Balboa on Christmas Eve; and arrived at San Francisco, California, on 6 January 1943. Based at Tiburon Naval Net Depot on West San Francisco Bay, she began tending the harbor's antisubmarine nets on the 10th.
Throughout 1943 and into 1944, "Teak" patrolled and maintained the nets which protected the anchorages and harbor of San Francisco Bay. She inspected the nets, repaired and replaced worn parts and buoys, and freed mooring anchors and an occasional ship fouled in the nets. These routine but vital duties were varied by repairs at Alameda, California, with gunnery drills in October, and with a voyage to San Pedro, California, in December.
South Pacific operations.
Reclassified a net laying ship and redesignated" AN-35" on 20 January 1944, "Teak" passed under the Golden Gate Bridge shortly before sunset on 2 March and set her course for the South Pacific Ocean. Proceeding via Samoa, she reached New Guinea on 4 April and began operating out of Milne Bay and the nearby Trobriand Islands. For the next six months, she provided towing services in nearby waters, carried cargoes, placed sonar buoys, and took up unneeded buoys and moorings.
Reassigned to the Leyte Gulf Service Unit of the U.S. 7th Fleet Service Force, she departed Humboldt Bay in convoy on 18 October and entered Leyte Gulf on the 24th. For the next few weeks, despite frequent calls to general quarters, she laid net moorings and marker buoys in Leyte Gulf, aided grounded small craft, and made tows. 
Late in November, she began sonar buoy station duties between Samar and Homohon Islands. On 17 January 1945, she returned to tending and laying moorings. In mid-March, she proceeded to Luzon and operated in Manila Bay, primarily occupied in raising submerged barges, sampans, diesel boats, and steamboats. During this period—while assigned to the Ship Salvage, Fire Fighting and Rescue Unit, Service Force, Pacific—she won the Navy Unit Commendation.
She remained in the Philippines until late in November, when she headed, via the Mariana Islands and Pearl Harbor, for the California coast and arrived at San Pedro, California on 4 January 1946. She was towed to Astoria, Oregon, by Mimosa (AN-26) in June and was decommissioned and placed in reserve on 30 August 1946. She was placed in custody of the U.S. Maritime Administration in June 1961, but remained under Navy ownership. Teak was sold to Levin Metals Corp., San Jose, California, on 16 March 1976.
Honors and awards.
"Teak " won two battle stars (Leyte operation and Manila Bay-Bicol operation) plus her share of the Navy Unit Commendation.

</doc>
<doc id="18605898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605898" title="Weinberger v. Wiesenfeld">
Weinberger v. Wiesenfeld

Weinberger v. Wiesenfeld, , was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which unanimously held that the gender-based distinction under of the Social Security Act of 1935—which permitted widows but not widowers to collect special benefits while caring for minor children—violated the right to equal protection secured by the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Background.
Stephen Wiesenfeld and Paula Polatschek were married in 1970. Stephen ran a minicomputer consulting business and had an irregular income. Paula taught mathematics at Edison High School and earned significantly more than her husband. When Paula died in childbirth from an amniotic embolism, Stephen became the sole provider for their newborn son, Jason. To take care of his son, Stephen cut his work hours and sought child care. Wiesenfeld contested his ineligibility for Social Security survivors' benefits that were made available to widows, but not to widowers.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg, along with Melvin Wulf, took on "Weinberger v. Wiesenfeld" after several unfavorable Supreme Court decisions on gender discrimination cases. In 1974, "Kahn v. Shevin" had upheld differences in property tax exemption between widows and widowers, and the Supreme Court ruled in "Geduldig v. Aiello" that denying compensation from work loss due to pregnancy did not violate the Fourteenth Amendment. Ginsburg looked to "Weinberger v. Wiesenfeld" to promote the idea of "the care of two loving parents, rather than just one."
Ginsburg made the argument that Section 402(g) of the Social Security Act discriminated against Stephen Wiesenfeld by not providing him with the same survivors' benefits as it would to a widow. Further, Ginsburg argued that Paula's contributions to Social Security were not treated on an equal basis to salaried men, so she was also being discriminated against. Justice William J. Brennan, Jr. agreed by differentiating the social security matter from the decision in "Kahn v. Shevin". The court decided that Section 402(g) "linked as it is directly to responsibility for minor children, was intended to permit women to elect not to work and to devote themselves to the care of children. Since this purpose in no way is premised upon any special disadvantages of women, it cannot serve to justify a gender-based distinction which diminishes the protection afforded to women who do work."
Decision.
The Court decided unanimously in favor of Wiesenfeld. They declared that Section 402(g) of the Social Security Act was unconstitutional on the grounds that the gender based distinctions violated the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment. Justice Brennan wrote in the Court's opinion:
Wiesenfeld himself received no monetary benefits from the decision. By the time he initiated the case, he had shut down his consulting business and obtained a well-paid position at a computer company. His salary thus exceeded the income cutoff for receiving Social Security benefits.
Subsequent developments.
Ginsburg helped highlight the idea that the social security provision had discriminated against men acting as caregivers, and women serving as breadwinners. Brennan ruled that "such a gender-based generalization cannot suffice to justify the denigration...of women who do work and whose earnings contribute significantly to their families' support." The decision aimed to establish that it is just as important for a child to be cared for by the male parent, as they will encounter the same difficulties in parenting as the female parent. The court's ruling challenged the traditional male breadwinner/female homemaker model in terms of allocating government benefits.
Though "Weinberger v. Wiesenfeld" was considered a victory for feminists, the court still was unclear on distinguishing between sex-based classifications that were damaging to women and those that nurtured sexual equality. Gender based social security questions would continue to be explored further in cases such as "Califano v. Goldfarb", which Ginsburg was also involved in, and later in "Califano v. Webster", for which "Weinberger v. Wiesenfeld" had helped lay important groundwork.

</doc>
<doc id="18605906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605906" title="José Antonio Galán">
José Antonio Galán

José Antonio Galán (ca. 1749, Charalá, Santander (Colombia) – February 2, 1782, Santafé de Bogotá (Id.) was a Colombian historical figure of the 18th century. He was the leader of the Comuneros insurrection in 1781, sentenced and executed by the Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="18605909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605909" title="Or HaNer">
Or HaNer

Or HaNer (, "lit." Light of the Candle) is a kibbutz in southern Israel. Located near Sderot, it fall under the jurisdiction of Sha'ar HaNegev Regional Council. Its name is taken from the Sanhedrin tractate of the Babylonian Talmud.
The village was established in 1955–57 as a farm belonging to the Yitzur UFitu'ah company. The founders were from the gar'in of the Gordoniya, Dror and HeHalutz movements, most of whom were immigrants from Argentina and Chile. Many of them originally came from the kibbutz Giv'ot Zaid.
The village is founded on the land belonging to the depopulated Arab Palestinian village of Najd, northeast of the Najd village site.
In 2012 it had a population of 612.

</doc>
<doc id="18605910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605910" title="Romesh Thapar">
Romesh Thapar

Romesh Thapar (1922–1987) was a respected Indian journalist and political commentator. He was the founder and editor of the monthly journal "Seminar" (estb. 1959), published from New Delhi, India.
Early life and background.
Thapar was born in a Punjabi family in Lahore (now in Pakistan), he went to England for his studies. He was the brother of Romila Thapar, a renowned historian of India. Journalist Karan Thapar is his cousin, whose aunt was Nehru’s niece. 
Career.
Early in his career he associated with communist ideology through 1940s and 1950s. He worked in the Bombay (now Mumbai) for sometime, with "The Times of India", while Frank Moraes was its editor. In 1950, when he leftist weekly journal in English, "Cross Roads" was banned by the Madras State for publishing critical views on Nehruvian policy, he petitioned the Supreme Court, which led to the landmark judgment in "Romesh Thappar vs The State Of Madras" on 26 May, 1950. Eventually, in 1951 Nehru administration made the First Amendment of the Constitution of India to 19(1)(a) of Constitution of India against "abuse of freedom of speech and expression".
On September 1, 1959, he and his wife started "Seminar" as a monthly journal, with fund of Rs 11,000, however they had established a stable revenue model through subscribers and advertisers. Thereafter they shifted based to Delhi in 1960s. Though, he had known her earlier, after Nehru's death, he became a part of the inner circle of then Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi, along with politicians like Dinesh Singh. However he moved away from Gandhi and politics, after the Emergency of 1971, when censorship curtailed freedom of press, and limited himself to journalism. He remained director of the India International Centre, the National Books Development Board, India Tourism Development Corporation (ITDC), and vice-chairperson of the National Bal Bhavan, Delhi (1967-1974). 
During his years in Bombay, he was associated with theatre group, IPTA. Thapar also acted in Hindi film, "Footpath" (1953) directed by Zia Sarhadi and Merchant Ivory's debut film, "The Householder" (1963). Before the advent of television, he also did the commentary in the monthly newsreels produced by Films Division, which were shown every first Monday in cinema halls. 
"Seminar" continues to be published from Malhotra building in Connaught Place, Delhi, published by Malavika Singh his daughter along with her husband Tejbir Singh, who is the editor. In 2009, the publication celebrated its 50th anniversary of foundation. 
Personal life.
Romesh Thapar married Raj Thapar (1926–1987) in 1945, after his return from England. Raj also came from a Punjabi family in Lahore. After marriage they lived in Mafatlal Park flat in Breach Candy, and soon became part of the social elite. Subsequently, the couple had two children Malavika and Valmik. Malavika, who now runs the "Seminar" magazine, is married to Tejbir Singh, who edits the magazine. He is the grandson of Sir Sobha Singh, the noted builder of New Delhi and nephew of writer Khushwant Singh. Valmik Thapar is an internationally known tiger conservationist and married to Sanjana Kapoor, actor, theatre personality who runs the Prithvi Theatre. 
Raj Thapar died in 1987 of cancer, at the age of 60. Romesh Thapar died a few months later. Two years after her death, Raj Thapar's sensational memoir, "All These Years" was published by Malvika Singh in 1991. It was based on her diary which she kept over two decades.

</doc>
<doc id="18605911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605911" title="Ophryacus melanurus">
Ophryacus melanurus

Ophryacus melanurus is a venomous pitviper species endemic to the mountains of southern Mexico. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
Adults grow to between 37.5 and 50 cm (14¾-19⅝ inches) in length and have a moderately stout build. In Mexico is called necazcoatl from nahualt the worlds necaztli and coatl which means "earred-serpent"
referring to its "horns".
Geographic range.
It is found in two Mexican states, southern Puebla and Oaxaca, at elevations of 1600–2400m (5,250-7,875 feet). The type locality given is "Mexico."
Conservation status.
This species is classified as Endangered (EN) on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species with the following criteria: B1ab(iii) (v3.1, 2001). A species is listed as such when the best available evidence indicates that the geographic range, in the form of extent of occurrence, is estimated to be less than 5,000 km² (1,931 mi²), that estimates indicate it to be severely fragmented or known to exist at no more than 5 locations, and that a continuing decline has been observed, inferred or projected, in area, extent and/or quality of habitat. It is therefore considered to be facing a very high risk of extinction in the wild. In 2007 when it was last assessed, the population trend was down.
Behavior.
Terrestrial.

</doc>
<doc id="18605918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605918" title="Snapshot (Sylvia album)">
Snapshot (Sylvia album)

Snapshot is the third album by country music singer Sylvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18605950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605950" title="Carlo Ninchi">
Carlo Ninchi

Carlo Ninchi (31 May 1897 – 1 May 1974) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 128 films between 1931 and 1963.
He was born in Bologna, Emilia-Romagna, and died in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="18605952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605952" title="1994–95 Slovenian Cup">
1994–95 Slovenian Cup


</doc>
<doc id="18605955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605955" title="2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup Final">
2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup Final

The 2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup Final took place between Italy and Brazil on 27 July 2008 at the Plage du Prado. Brazil were the winners, winning by five goals to three. Brazil have beaten fifteen other teams to be crowned "FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup 2008 Winners". It was Brazil's third title in a row.
Roads to the final.
Italy.
Italy started their campaign in group B, with a good opening game against the Solomon Islands, winning 7-4. Italy confirmed their place in the quarter-finals, beating El Salvador 4-1 and taking themselves up to 6 points. In Italy's final game they went down 3-0 to Portugal. Italy battled back and took it into extra time at 4-4. It looked to be heading for penalties but a last minute goal by Madjer meant Portugal won the game and the group.
As Italy were the runners-up of group B, they met the winners of group A, France in the quarter-finals. As France were the hosts they were the favorites to reach the semi-finals. Surprisingly, Italy went up 5-0. France did all they could to get back into the game but Italy held out. With the final score at 5-2 they moved into the semi-finals against Spain.
The semi-final was a different battle. Italy were 1-0 down after just 2 minutes. However 2 goals in 2 minutes meant Italy went ahead for the first time. Again Spain looked threatening bringing it back to 2-2 and 10 minutes later, 3-2. The scoreline continued to change and by the end of normal time the score was 4-4. Extra time was uneventful which meant penalties. Amarelle stepped up and hit the post which meant it was all down to Massimiliano Esposito to finish the job. His first attempt was saved but it had to be re-taken. Esposito hit the ball down the center and sent Italy into the final to face Brazil.
Brazil.
Brazil started their world cup campaign as defending champions, in group D, coming from behind to win by 3 goals to 2 against Spain. Brazil continued to perform with a 8-1 win against Japan and finished the group on top with 9 points after beating Mexico comfortably 7-1.
In the quarter-finals, Brazil played the runners-up of group C, Russia. They went down 3 times to Russia but with a helpful hat-trick from Daniel, Brazil came back to win 6-4. In the semi-finals Brazil met Portugal, who had the 2 top scorers on their side. It was an epic semi-final, although Brazil were always finding themselves having to come from behind. In the 34th minute, Bruno hit a long range shot finding the back of the net sending Brazil into the final. Portugal failed to come back in the final 2 minutes leaving Brazil to win 5-4.

</doc>
<doc id="18605961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605961" title="Grand Rapids, Grand Haven and Muskegon Railway Depot">
Grand Rapids, Grand Haven and Muskegon Railway Depot

Grand Rapids, Grand Haven and Muskegon Railway Depot is a historic railway station for the Grand Rapids, Grand Haven and Muskegon Railway in Coopersville, Michigan. 
The Coopersville Area Historical Society and Museum is now housed in the station.

</doc>
<doc id="18605965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605965" title="William Wiggins">
William Wiggins

William Martin Wiggins (4 August 1870 – 4 October 1950) was a British Liberal politician and cotton manufacturer.
Birth and private life.
Wiggins was born in Burnham-on-Sea in Somerset, the son of the Reverend William Wiggins. He was educated privately. In 1896 he married Flora Coleman of Oldham in Lancashire. He was married for a second time in 1917 to Elizabeth Hayhurst of Hellifield in North Yorkshire.
Public and business life in Lancashire.
In 1906 Wiggins was appointed a Justice of the Peace for the Municipal Borough of Middleton, in Lancashire. Between 1914 and 1919 he was Mayor of Middleton, and was made an honorary Freeman of the Borough in 1919. In business Wiggins was a successful cotton manufacturer, a director of several spinning companies and was at one time president of the Federation of Master Cotton Spinners Associations and president of International Federation of Cotton Spinners and Manufacturers. He was also sometime president of the British Employers’ Confederation.
Wiggins promoted education in Middleton as it was clear that the town needed a much larger school than the existing Grammar School in Boarshaw, a district in the north of the town. Together with his friend Frederick Bagot who was to become editor of the local paper in Middleton, Wiggins initiated a campaign that ended with Brasenose College, Oxford (which had run the school under the terms laid down by Queen Elizabeth I) handing over many thousands of pounds, which helped towards the building of the new school in Durnford Street, when the administration became vested in the Lancashire County Council.
Member of Parliament and the Oldham by-election, 1925.
Wiggins entered Parliament at a by-election in 1925 at Oldham. The election was occasioned by the appointment of the sitting Liberal MP, Edward Grigg (a former private secretary to David Lloyd George) to the governorship of Kenya. Oldham was a two member seat at the time. Wiggins had fought beside Grigg at the 1923 general election but the second seat had been retained by William Tout the Labour candidate and MP since 1922 and private secretary to the Minister of Labour. In the 1924 general election Tout lost his seat to the Tory candidate Duff Cooper.
Wiggins, described as a staunch free-trader and robust Radical was selected as Liberal candidate and Tout was invited to stand again by the Oldham Trades and Labour Council. The Tories were in a difficult spot concerning a possible candidate for the by-election. Oldham Liberals had decided not to put up a second candidate at the 1924 general election, ensuring Duff Cooper was elected on the back of Liberal votes. The local parties also had a written agreement not to engage in three-cornered fights at municipal elections and putting up a by-election candidate put these arrangements at risk. In addition, Wiggins proposed to make the Budget, free-trade and the question of duties on silk products the principal issue of the election. He was expected to receive support from many Conservative supporters of free-trade who were also opposed to silk and artificial silk duties. In the event the Tories chose not to put up a candidate but Wiggins emphatically denied that any pact had been arranged between the parties. It just seems that the Conservatives did not wish to risk handing the seat back to Labour and ruining their local government arrangements with the Liberals. The Liberals played to this with Conservative minded voters in the campaign, with Lloyd George declaring at a speech in Oldham that the issue was about socialism and raising the spectre of Tout’s record of supporting the state ownership of many industries. The free-trade issue was also a continuing feature of the election with Sir Alfred Mond, still at that time a Liberal but to defect to the Tories in 1926, delivering a speech on the subject and on 13 June in the Committee on the Finance Bill, the silk duties were carried, providing ammunition for Wiggins’ campaign.
Wiggins won the by-election with a majority of 4,623 over Tout in a poll where turnout was 66% and in his acceptance speech freely acknowledged the wholehearted support of Liberals and Conservatives against Socialism.
Stepping down from Parliament.
When the Oldham Liberals decided to contest both seats at the general election of 1929, Wiggins felt this undermined the tacit understanding the party had with the Conservatives and he declined to stand for re-election. He may also have felt the winds of political change coming in Oldham and decided to jump before he was pushed as the Labour party gained both Oldham seats in the 1929 general election.
Cotton interests.
After he retired from Parliament, Wiggins continued to play a leading public role in representing the cotton manufacturing industry and the development of practices in the field. But apart from his fierce defence of the interests of the Lancashire cotton trade, it is sometimes difficult to find a consistent policy thread in his public utterances and recommendations.
In 1931 he headed a delegation to lobby the President of the Board of Trade, William Graham and the Secretary of State for India, William Wedgwood Benn on the prospects for the cotton trade with India. In 1934, as chairman of the special committee appointed by Federation of Master Cotton Spinners Associations he produced a report into the management and policies of the cotton trade starting from research into the problems of silver from the point of view of the Lancashire Cotton trade. His report condemned British economic policy in contracting the money supply and the demonetization of silver and praised the actions of US President Franklin D Roosevelt in taking positive government action to intervene in financial and fiscal matters. He proposed restoring international trade through rising prices, guaranteed by government action. In Rome in the spring of 1935 he represented his industry at the World Cotton Congress and presented a paper on silver in relation to monetary policy and the cotton trade of the world. On this occasion he took the opportunity to promote a free trade agenda and to attack the idea that nations could isolate themselves or attempt to practice autarky. The Congress was not however ready for all Wiggins’ solutions and he was obliged to withdraw his call for rises in the price of silver to ensure unity between the delegations and this time supported the call for the United States Board of Agriculture to intervene more robustly to counter some of the practices of American cotton manufacturers and traders.
Later in 1935, Wiggins met the prime minister of Australia, Joseph Lyons with other local businessmen in Manchester to object formally to Australia’s tariff regimes against Lancashire cotton goods. In early 1936, Wiggins spoke in favour of the Cotton Spinning Bill then before Parliament saying that people needed to recognise that the days of laissez-faire were over and defended elements of state regulation in the industry to keep production up and employment in the industry high.
In 1938, against the background of the trade recession, in his capacity as chairman of the Monetary Policy Committee of his Federation, he wrote to the Times newspaper advocating a national monetary system to protect British interests against the policies of foreign governments. Then in 1939, Wiggins was a member of a deputation to the prime minister Neville Chamberlain, President of the Board of Trade Oliver Stanley and Minister of Labour, Ernest Brown to make representations about the depression in the cotton industry. The delegation called for special measures to protect the industry and give government assistance to Lancashire to help overcome the economic and social effects of the depression. They blamed the subsidies given to foreign cotton manufacturers by their governments and the tariffs and trade barriers erected by foreign governments.
It is difficult to avoid the conclusion that Wiggins was for free trade when it benefited Lancashire cotton and against it when circumstances changed.
After the War, Wiggins served as one of the employers’ representatives on the Cotton Working Party set up in October 1945 which proposed a comprehensive programme for the re-equipment and reorganisation of the industry with government help and finance but stopping short of a request for nationalisation. He died in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="18605966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605966" title="Nir Am">
Nir Am

Nir Am (, lit. "Nation Meadow") is a kibbutz in southern Israel. Located near Sderot and covering 20,000 dunams, it fall under the jurisdiction of Sha'ar HaNegev Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 281.
The village was established on 19 August 1943 by immigrants from Bessarabia who were members of the Gordonia youth movement, including Zvi Guershoni, later a member of the Knesset. Over the years the kibbutz has also absorbed immigrants from Argentina, France and South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18605976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605976" title="The Best of Supercharge">
The Best of Supercharge

The Best of Supercharge is a compilation album by UK R&B band Supercharge, released by Virgin Records in 1993. 
The album contains songs from "Local Lads Make Good" (1976), "Horizontal Refreshment" (1977) and "Body Rhythm" (1979).

</doc>
<doc id="18605980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605980" title="Jane Gurnett">
Jane Gurnett

Jane E. Gurnett (born March 1957, Dorset) is an English actress best known for her leading roles in British TV series "Casualty" (from 1994 to 1996), "Dangerfield" (1998–1999) and the second incarnation of "Crossroads" (2001–2003). The actress moved to Warwick School to teach drama and has been there since 2010.
Personal life.
Her former partner is actor Ray Fearon, with whom she has one daughter, Rosa May.

</doc>
<doc id="18605990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605990" title="WaterLights District, Pearland, Texas">
WaterLights District, Pearland, Texas

WaterLights District was a planned development located in Pearland, Texas, United States, south of the city of Houston.
The development was to contain of space; the development will include commercial, retail, and park developments.
Richard Browne, the developer, planned to include busts of the Presidents of the United States in the development. He wished to make the place "the Venice of Houston." David Adickes, the sculptor of the busts, said that seven of the statues would each be four feet taller than the other statues because a consensus of historians believe that the presidents represented were "the best." The site was purchased with $5 million in cash and a $10 million bank loan.
The Pearland City Council unanimously approved the creation of the development on March 24, 2008.
In March 2010 Amegy Bank posted the project for foreclosure. As of that month the project was worth about $5 million. The presidential heads, not a part of the foreclosure, were scheduled to be moved to a Houston Heights storage facility.
American Modern Green Development has since purchased the property and is planning a 48 acre mixed use community.

</doc>
<doc id="18605998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18605998" title="1995–96 Slovenian Cup">
1995–96 Slovenian Cup


</doc>
<doc id="18606013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606013" title="The Three Pilots">
The Three Pilots

The Three Pilots () is a 1942 Italian drama film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Michela Belmonte. 

</doc>
<doc id="18606020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606020" title="Camostat">
Camostat

Camostat (INN) is a serine protease inhibitor.

</doc>
<doc id="18606035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606035" title="Surprise (Sylvia album)">
Surprise (Sylvia album)

Surprise is the fourth album by country music singer Sylvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18606047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606047" title="Egyptian Geographic Society">
Egyptian Geographic Society

The Egyptian Geographic Society (; ) was established by a decree of Khedive Isma'il Pasha on 19 May 1875. Its first president was the German botanist, traveller and ethnologist Georg August Schweinfurth. Originally founded as the "Khedivial Society of Geography", its name was modified several times in order to reflect Egypt's changing political status. It acquired its current name following the Egyptian Revolution of 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="18606058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606058" title="Canon de 120mm L mle 1931">
Canon de 120mm L mle 1931

The Canon de 12 cm L mle 1931 was a medium field gun used by Belgium in World War II. Captured guns were taken into Wehrmacht service after the surrender of Belgium in May 1940 as the 12 cm K 370(b) where it was generally used on coast defense duties. 
It was rather heavy for its size, but had a good range. The split trail had large spades that had to be pounded into the ground to anchor the weapon in place.

</doc>
<doc id="18606125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606125" title="Museum of French History">
Museum of French History

The Musée de l'Histoire de France was a state museum of French history operated by the Archives Nationales. It occupied two buildings within the 3rd arrondissement in the Marais, Paris, France: the Hôtel de Soubise at 60 rue des Francs-Bourgeois, and the Hôtel de Rohan at 87 rue Vieille-du-Temple.
The Hôtel de Soubise was first built in 1371 as the Hôtel de Clisson and later acquired by the Ducs de Guise. In 1705 it was rebuilt by architect Pierre-Alexis Delamair (1676-1745) for François de Rohan-Soubise and Anne-de Rohan Chabot, with little remaining of the original structure but its turreted medieval gateway which is now the only surviving remnant of Parisian private architecture from the fourteenth century. The adjoining Hôtel de Rohan was built at the same time. In 1808 both buildings were acquired by the state, after which Napoleon designated the Hôtel de Soubise for the Imperial Archives and the Hôtel de Rohan as the National Printing House (which so remained until 1927). In 1867 Napoleon III created the Musée de l'Histoire de France in the Hôtel de Soubise.
Until 2001 the museum displayed rotating selections from its permanent collection in the Hôtel de Soubise, with temporary exhibits that sometimes expanded into the Hôtel de Rohan. The collection included documents that date from the Merovingian period before Charlemagne, documents and the only known sketch of Joan of Arc, Louis XVI's will and facsimiles of Marie Antoinette's farewell letter composed just before her execution, documents by Danton, Robespierre, and Napoleon, as well as jailers' keys from the Bastille.
The Hôtels de Soubise and de Rohan are also notable for their architecture and furnishings, with rooms that have changed very little since the 18th century, including the "Chambre du prince", "Salon ovale du prince", "Chambre d'apparat de la princesse", an amusing "Cabinet des singes" (Monkey Cabinet), and the very fine "Salon ovale de la princesse" with featuring gilt and crystal decor and ceiling frescoes by François Boucher, Charles-Joseph Natoire, and Carle Van Loo.

</doc>
<doc id="18606129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606129" title="Helmet sticker">
Helmet sticker

Helmet stickers, also known as reward decals and pride stickers, are stickers that are affixed to a high school or college football player's helmet. They can denote either individual or team accomplishments.
History.
The practice of awarding helmet stickers is often credited to Ernie Biggs, trainer at Ohio State under legendary coach Woody Hayes. But as recently shown on ESPN, the practice of awarding stickers has been credited to Jim Young, former assistant coach at Miami in 1965, two years before they were used by the Buckeyes.
An even earlier attribution is given to Gene Stauber, freshman coach at Nebraska (1955-1957) by head coach Pete Elliott. Stauber routinely used stickers throughout his tenure as assistant coach at Illinois (1960-1970), as a 1962 photo of All-American linebacker Dick Butkus indicates. The stickers stem from fighter pilots marking their planes with stickers after kills and/or successful missions.

</doc>
<doc id="18606133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606133" title="James H. Hays">
James H. Hays

James Harden Hays was a pioneer of bituminous coal mining in Western Pennsylvania. His first mine was opened in 1828, at the mouth of Street's Run, where it empties into the Monongahela River. He died on March 30, 1876, at his home near Beck's Run.

</doc>
<doc id="18606135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606135" title="List of members of the parliament of Croatia, 1992–95">
List of members of the parliament of Croatia, 1992–95

The second assembly of the Parliament of Croatia () was constituted on September 7, 1992 with mandates divived to 138 representatives after the August 2, 1992 elections.
Parliamentary officials.
The presidents of the parliament (often also called the "speaker" in English) were Stjepan Mesić (HDZ) from September 7, 1992 to May 24, 1994 and Nedjeljko Mihanović (HDZ) from May 24, 1994 to November 28, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18606147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606147" title="Thomas Kraft">
Thomas Kraft

Thomas Kraft (born 22 July 1988) is a German footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Hertha BSC.
Career.
Bayern Munich.
Kraft made his debut for Bayern's reserve team in 2006, and played in their first game in the newly formed 3. Liga on 17 July 2008. From 2008 to 2010 he was third-choice goalkeeper for the senior team, behind Hans-Jörg Butt and Michael Rensing. Following Rensing's release in 2010, he was promoted to second choice, and he made his first-team debut at the beginning of that season, in the 2010 DFL-Supercup.
On 23 November 2010 he made his debut Champions League match in Rome against AS Roma. Bayern lost 3–2 after going into half-time with a 0–2 lead. The young goalkeeper had a good start and made some outstanding saves. During the 2010–11 winter break, Bayern coach Louis van Gaal announced that Kraft would replace Hans-Jörg Butt as Bayern's first-choice 'keeper for the second half of the season. Kraft made his debut as Bayern's first-choice keeper in a 1–1 Bundesliga draw to VfL Wolfsburg. Kraft produced top performance with several impressive saves to help FC Bayern to a 1–0 win on 23 February 2011 in a round of 16 Champions League clash against Inter Milan. However, the decision to replace Butt with Kraft earned the displeasure of the Bayern board, and contributed to Van Gaal losing his job: after an error by Kraft allowed Christian Eigler to score the equaliser in a 1–1 draw with Nuremberg. Van Gaal – who was already due to leave – was sacked early, and temporarily replaced by his assistant Andries Jonker. Jonker reinstated Butt at Kraft's expense in his first game in charge, and shortly afterwards it was announced that Kraft would leave the club at the end of the 2010–11 season. The following week, 2. Bundesliga champions Hertha BSC announced that they had signed a four-year deal with Kraft on a free transfer.
Hertha BSC.
On 1 July 2011, Kraft joined Hertha BSC, which was promoted to the Bundesliga along with FC Augsburg. On 16 October 2011, Kraft returned for the first time with Hertha back to his old club Bayern Munich which turned out to be a quite bitter reunion for Kraft; the Berlin club lost 0–4. Prior to the game, Kraft and two other members of Hertha (Christian Lell and Andreas Ottl) were honored with a bouquet of flowers by the Bayern staff and the fans were chanting pro Kraft throughout the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18606160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606160" title="Otto Parschau">
Otto Parschau

Leutnant Otto Parschau (11 November 1890 - 21 July 1916) was a German World War I Flying Ace and recipient of the Pour le Mérite, Royal House Order of Hohenzollern, and Iron Cross, First Class. He was noted as one of the pre-eminent aces on the Fokker Eindecker. He was one of the world's first flying aces, as along with "Leutnant" Kurt Wintgens, Parschau was one of the original pilots entrusted with the prototype of the revolutionary Fokker Eindecker fighter plane with a machine gun synchronized to fire safely through its propeller arc via use of a gun synchronizer.
Background.
Parschau was born in Klutznick, in the Allenstein district of East Prussia. He became a commissioned officer a year after having joined the Infanterie-Regiment Nr. 151 in 1910. Parschau was trained as a pilot in Johannisthal, Darmstadt and in Hanover and received his licence on 4 July 1913.
World War I.
Upon the outbreak of hostilities in August 1914 Parschau was already serving with the Luftstreitkräfte, and soon found himself flying two-seaters in operations on the Champagne front and then in Flanders and Alsace-Lorraine before being posted to West Prussia and Galicia, on the Eastern Front.
The "Green Machine" (A.16/15).
Parschau was assigned a Fokker A.III aircraft, previously used by one Oberleutnant von Büttlar. This officer's unit (the Marburg Jager regiment) had green as its regimental colours. The aircraft being painted accordingly, became distinctive as Parschau's 'Green Machine', right from the outbreak of World War I. Parschau flew this machine on a roving commission for nearly a year, serving with FFAs 22 and 42 and the Brieftauben-Abteilung Ostende messenger pigeon-designated unit, which was actually a group of four FFA units operating as one for the "Oberste Heeresleitung" or OHL, the World War I German Army's High Command office. In this period, Parschau flew his distinctive machine on the Champagne front during October and November 1914. Following this were periods in Flanders and Alsace-Lorraine before Parschau was posted first to West Prussia and then on to Galicia on the Eastern Front. His travels were marked on the Fokker's fuselage. This same aircraft would be the very first airframe ever to be fitted with a workable synchronization gear, and was equipped with the Fokker "Stangensteuerung" synchronizer — along with one Parabellum MG14 machine gun for its armament — in late May 1915 for Parschau's use and combat evaluation, and to function as the prototype Fokker Eindecker.
Later war service.
Because Parschau was recognised as an experienced and proficient pilot, he was selected to go to FFA 62 at Douai as an instructor on monoplanes. Amongst his students at FFA 62 were the notable pioneer German flying aces, Max Immelmann and Oswald Boelcke. Despite his earlier complaints of his Parabellum machine gun jamming, he managed to reel off a string of six victories over enemy airplanes between 11 October 1915 and 2 July 1916 as part of the Fokker Scourge. On 3 July 1916, he shot down an enemy observation balloon. In July 1916 he transferred to FFA 32, gaining his 8th victory on 9 July 1916. He was awarded the Pour le Merite the following day. On the 14th, AKN was severed from FFA 32 and Parschau was appointed to its command.
On 21 July 1916 Parschau was mortally wounded during combat with the Royal Flying Corps over Grévillers. He was severely wounded in the chest and also suffered a glancing bullet wound to the head, possibly from rounds fired by John Oliver Andrews. He retained enough control to land his plane behind German lines, and was rushed to a field hospital but died on the operating table.

</doc>
<doc id="18606175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606175" title="The Lady Is Fickle">
The Lady Is Fickle

The Lady Is Fickle () is a 1942 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Ferruccio Tagliavini.

</doc>
<doc id="18606180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606180" title="Renault Winery">
Renault Winery

Renault Winery (pronounced , ) is a winery located in Egg Harbor City and Galloway Township in Atlantic County, New Jersey. It is the oldest active winery in the state in New Jersey. Renault is one of the larger winegrowers in New Jersey, having 48 acres of grapes under cultivation, and producing 20,000 cases of wine per year. The winery is named after its founder.
History.
The vineyard was first planted in 1864 by Louis Nicolas Renault, a French immigrant from Mareuil-sur-Ay who brought the original "vinifera" grapes from France. Renault opened to the public in 1870, and for many years was the largest producer of champagne in the United States. Renault survived the Prohibition era by obtaining licenses to produce sacramental wine as well as various medicinal wines, including "Renault Wine Tonic" which was sold by pharmacists across the United States.
After World War II, Atlantic City political boss and racketeer Enoch "Nucky" Johnson was employed by Renault. While the winery once cultivated 600 acres of grapes, and sold 500,000 cases of wine per year, production has decreased substantially in recent decades. The winery has instead developed into a resort, opening a restaurant in 1983, a hotel and second restaurant in 2000, and a golf course in 2004.
Wines.
Renault Winery is located in the Outer Coastal Plain AVA, and produces wine from Baco noir, Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cayuga White, Chardonnay, Merlot, Noah, Norton (Cynthiana), Petit Verdot, Pinot gris, Pinot noir, Riesling, Sangiovese, Sauvignon blanc, Vidal blanc. Renault also makes fruit wines from blueberries, and is the only winery in the United States to make a blueberry champagne.
Features, licensing, and associations.
The winery is located on a 1400-acre site which includes a 18-hole golf course, a 50-room hotel, and two restaurants. Renault has a plenary winery license from the New Jersey Division of Alcoholic Beverage Control, which allows it to produce an unrestricted amount of wine, operate up to 15 off-premises sales rooms, and ship up to 12 cases per year to consumers in-state or out-of-state. Renault is a member of the Garden State Wine Growers Association and the Outer Coastal Plain Vineyard Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18606201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606201" title="West Lake Fire Department">
West Lake Fire Department

The West Lake Fire Department (WLFD) is Millcreek Township's first fire department. West Lake operates out of two fire stations, Millcreek Township a suburb of Erie in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. West Lake protects the northern part of Millcreek Township from Pittsburgh Avenue to Woodside Drive, and from the railroad tracks under 23rd street to and including Lake Erie and Presque Isle State Park. West Lake is the second busiest company in Millcreek Township, WLFD offers mutual aid to: West Ridge FD, Lake Shore FD, Kearsarge FD, City of Erie FD, Fairview FD, McKean HC, Perry Hi Way HC, Millcreek Paramedic Service (MPS), Millcreek Police Department (MPD), United States Coast Guard and Presque Isle State Rangers. 
West Lake Fire Department, often referred to as the "Cowboys" of Millcreek Township and many parts of Erie County for their aggressive interior fire attack tactics. 
West Lake operates many different emergency services. W.L.F.D provides Fire Suppression, Vehicle Rescue, Emergency medical services, Ropes and High Angle Rescue, Water Rescue, Dive Team and ICE Diving, ICE Rescue, Trench rescue and Confined space rescue. 
OFFICERS: The rank strucuture at West Lake Fire Department for the operations division is; Probationary Firefighter, Firefighter, Senior Firefighter, Fire Lieutenant, Safety Lieutenant, Captain, Assistant Chief, Fire Chief.
The Support Division rank structure is as follows; Fire Police Captain, Fire Police Lieutenant, Fire Police.
2014 Chief Officers
Fire Chief - Rick Schau 
1st Asst. - Kirk McCaslin 
2nd Asst. - Joe Phillips 
Captains: 
Daniel Edwards
Dominic Quadri
Lieutenants:
Joe Bracalento
Gary Rictor
Mark Sennett
Marcus Kalivoda
Safety Officer:
Vacant
Fire Police:
Captain Ryan Tatara 
Fire stations.
Station 48 is located at West 8th Street and Powell Avenue. It houses five pieces of apparatus. One Pumper Engine, One Aerial Truck, One Rescue Pumper, a Quick response vehicle, including a trench rescue trailer. An ice rescue airboat was acquired in February 2008. Engine 482, Rescue 488, Rescue 486, Truck 489, Truck 487 and the Trench Trailer are held at Station 48.
Station 49 is located on West 12th street just west of the West 12th and Peninsula Drive intersection. It houses two pieces of apparatus. One Pumper Engine and One Mini-Rescue. Engine 483 and Rescue 485 are held at Station 49.
Apparatus.
Engine 482 - Marion 2005, is West Lake's primary attack pumper run out of Station 48. 482 runs all Fire calls in the first due and FAST Team calls, and Mutual Aid (Engine) calls. Former Engine Co. #9 
Engine 483 - KME 1997, is West Lake's primary attack pumper run out of Station 49. 483 runs all Fire Calls, MVA's and is the usually the Second due pumper in the first due. Former Engine Co. #4
Ladder 489 - Marion 2011, is West Lake's truck company that runs out of Station 48. 489 is second out on all Fire Calls in the first due, and is First out on Ladder assist calls. 489 is also the Second out on FAST calls if Engine 482 is unavailable. Ladder 489 is the newest piece of equipment. 75' Straight Stick, rear mount - 1500gpm, 500gal pump - single axle. Former Truck Co. #2
Rescue 488 - Marion 2010, is West Lake's straight Rescue Company ran out of Station 48. 488 is First out on all MVA's including Pedestrians Struck, Bicycle Accidents, etc. 488 has a Hurst Tool system, which can run 2 tools at once. Former Rescue Co. #1
Rescue 485 - Marion 2005, is West Lake's water rescue truck ran out of Station 48. 485 has a good portion of the water rescue equipment on it. 485 also is equipped to run EMS calls as well. Former Rescue Co. #5
Truck 487 - 2013 Ford F250, is West Lake's first responder truck out of Station 49. 487 is First out on all EMS calls, and second out on any other call from Station 49 (after E-483). Former Truck Co. #7
Boat 486 - 2009 Husky Air Boat, is West Lake's primary Ice Rescue boat operated out of Station 48. Former Rescue Co. #6
Jet Skis 496 & 497 - 2013 Kawasaki 3 man skis equipped with rescue boards. These skis allow the water rescue team to have a quick response to any water emergency.

</doc>
<doc id="18606210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606210" title="Galo Canote">
Galo Canote

Galo Canote (also known as "Make" or "MakeOne" and "LoveGalo") is a graffiti artist born in Los Angeles. He also lived in Guadalajara in the mid 1980s.
Career.
At an early age, it is said he was heavily involved in art. He dropped out of commercial art classes and high school and graffiti became a serious part of his life. . 
Shortly, upon his return to Los Angeles, he, along with other crew-members and friends, worked on the bandshell of MacArthur Park, in the Los Angeles area. A project directed under Chicano artist Pattsi Valdez and the Otis College of Art and Design (then known as Otis Parsons).
Galo left the graffiti scene to pursue other career goals and interests only to return in the 1990s. He currently works as a full-time artist, art & language teacher and mentor for at-risk youth kids and juvenile delinquents. Some of the organizations Galo has worked for are: Art Share LA, Star Education and L.A.'s Best. Galo also directs, organizes and curates art-shows/exhibits throughout the LA area. As an artist, some of the cities or countries he has exhibited in are: Mexico, Japan, Taiwan and Taipei. Some of the art shows he has curated and organized have received worldwide recognition.
Galo is also a food blogger and has become highly recognized and reputable food blogger, specially in or for Koreatown in Los Angeles, California. 
He has been a panelist at the Museum of Contemporary Art (MOCA), Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA), galleries and universities such as The Universidad Autonoma de Mexico (UAM) and CalArts.
Some of Galo's clients include: NIKE, Disney, Ford, ESPN, AEG Live, Chivas USA, Jarritos, Novamex, Lionsgate, Dark Castle Entertainment. He has done several school murals for LAUSD.
Galo's most recent project was a 130 foot long by roughly 70 feet wide billboard ad on Sunset Strip. A collaboration with French shoe designer Christian Louboutin and Neiman Marcus to welcome the shoe designer's visit to Los Angeles and celebrate his "20 Years of Glamour". 

</doc>
<doc id="18606212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606212" title="Fire Records (Pakistan)">
Fire Records (Pakistan)

Fire Records is a record label based in Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18606215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606215" title="Waris Baig">
Waris Baig

Waris Baig is a Pakistani singer. He was born in Lahore, Punjab. His songs have been featured in over hundred movies of Lollywood, the film industry of Pakistan and private muic albums.
Waris Baig started his career as a playback singer from Syed Noor's film Sangam released in 1997. His first song, "Aa Pyar Dil Mein Basa" for film Sangam, was a super-hit. Since then he has been a vanguard vocalist and playback singer having fan base in South Asia, UK and North America. His songs have been filmed on all top actors of Pakistan. He is recipient of many national awards.
Early life.
Waris Baig was born in culturally rich city of Lahore, the provincial capital of Punjab in Pakistan. Since his childhood he had deep passion for music. He grew up in Lahore and graduated in Business Studies from Government College Lahore, one of the most prestigious education institutions in the country. During his college days he learnt to play guitar and started singing. He released his first music album "Music 89" in 1989. Later, he also started performing on stage.
International Performances.
Waris has given music performances in several countries, including the US, UK, Canada, UAE and India, to name few. He was also the first Pakistani singer to sing in Myanmar (Former Burma). He is mostly invited for performances in various countries on national occasions. In 2007, he performed during the Bollywood Awards ceremony in New York.
Awards and recognitions.
Baig is winner and recipient of several awards including the prestigious 'National Film Awards' consecutively in 1997, 1998 and 1999. He is also recipient of Nigar Awards, Pakistan Broadcasting Corporation (PBC) Award, Pakistani Gold Disc Award from Soundmaster, Bolan Academy Awards, Graduate Film Award, and Mussvar International Award.
Charity work.
Waris supports a number of charities in Pakistan and other countries and charitable foundations across the world. He performs for raising donations for various social welfare activities. Following the earthquake of October 2005 in Pakistan and AJK, he raised lot of funds for the victims.
Ambassador of Peace.
Waris has been working to spread the message of love and peace across boundaries and cultures. He has been serving as Cultural Envoy of Peace for the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC). He is also a Peace Ambassador for Zee TV Channel. He has sung songs of spiritual and Sufi nature to create harmony in the society. He was one of the lead vocalists in a group song on the theme of peace "Ye Hum Naheen" (These are not us). In recognition of his contribution to giving out the message of peace and social harmony, he has been given the title of the "National Singer of Pakistan". In order to promote softer side of the society, Waris has actively supported Pakistan's national cricket and hockey which is the national sport of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18606219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606219" title="Sarah Keys v. Carolina Coach Company">
Sarah Keys v. Carolina Coach Company

Sarah Keys v. Carolina Coach Company, 64 MCC 769 (1955) is a landmark civil rights case in the United States in which the Interstate Commerce Commission, in response to a bus segregation complaint filed in 1953 by a Women's Army Corps (WAC) private named Sarah Louise Keys, broke with its historic adherence to the "Plessy v. Ferguson" separate but equal doctrine and interpreted the non-discrimination language of the Interstate Commerce Act as banning the segregation of black passengers in buses traveling across state lines.
The case was argued on the eve of the explosion of the civil rights protest movement by Washington D.C. lawyer Julius Winfield Robertson and his partner Dovey Johnson Roundtree, a former WAC whose experience with Jim Crow bus travel during her World War II Army recruiting days caused her to take on the "Sarah Keys" case as a personal mission. "Keys v. Carolina Coach Company", along with its companion train desegregation case, "NAACP v. St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company", 298 ICC 355 (1955), represents a milestone in the legal battle for civil rights. The November 1955 ruling, publicly announced six days before Rosa Parks' historic defiance of state Jim Crow laws on Montgomery buses, applied the United States Supreme Court's logic in "Brown v. Board of Education" (347 US 483 (1954) for the first time to the field of interstate transportation, and closed the legal loophole that private bus companies had long exploited to impose their own Jim Crow regulations on black interstate travelers. "Keys v. Carolina Coach" was the only explicit rejection ever made by either a court or a federal administrative body of the "Plessy v. Ferguson" doctrine ("Plessy", 163 US 537 (1896)) in the field of bus travel across state lines. The ruling made legal history both at the time of its issuance and again in 1961, when Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy invoked it in his successful battle to end Jim Crow travel during the Freedom Riders' campaign.
Background.
The "Keys" case originated in an incident that occurred at a bus station in the tiny North Carolina town of Roanoke Rapids shortly after midnight on August 1, 1952, when African American WAC private Sarah Keys was forced by a local bus driver to yield her seat in the front of the vehicle to a white Marine as she traveled homeward on furlough. At the time of the incident, Jim Crow laws entirely governed Southern bus travel, despite a 1946 Supreme Court ruling meant to put an end to the practice. That decision, "Morgan v. Virginia" (328 US 373 (1946)), had declared state Jim Crow laws inoperative on interstate buses on the basis that the imposition of widely varying statutes on black passengers moving across state lines generated multiple seat changes and thus created the kind of disorder and inconsistency forbidden by the commerce clause of the U.S. Constitution. Southern carriers managed to dodge the "Morgan" decision, however, by passing segregation rules of their own, and those rules remained outside the purview of state and federal courts because they pertained to private businesses. In addition, the federal agency charged with regulating the carriers, the Interstate Commerce Commission, had historically interpreted the Interstate Commerce Act's discrimination ban as permitting separate accommodations for the races so long as they were equal. The ICC's separate but equal policy, upheld by the Supreme Court of the United States in a 1950 railway dining car segregation case known as "Henderson v. United States" (399 US 816 (1950)), thus remained the norm in public transportation. 
When Sarah Keys departed her WAC post in Fort Dix, New Jersey on the evening of July 31, 1952 for her home in the town of Washington, North Carolina, she boarded an integrated bus and transferred without incident in Washington, D.C. to a Carolina Trailways vehicle, taking the fifth seat from the front in the white section. When the bus pulled into the town of Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina, however, a new driver took the wheel and demanded that she comply with the carrier's Jim Crow regulation by moving to the so-called "colored section" in the back of the bus so that a white Marine could occupy her seat. Keys refused to move, whereupon the driver emptied the bus, directed the other passengers to another vehicle, and barred Keys from boarding it. An altercation ensued and Keys was arrested, charged with disorderly conduct, jailed incommunicado overnight, then convicted of the disorderly conduct charge and fined $25. Unwilling to accept the verdict of the North Carolina lower court sustaining the charge, Keys and her father brought the matter to the attention of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) office in Washington, D.C., headed by Howard University Law School professor Frank D. Reeves. Reeves referred the Sarah Keys matter to a former law student named Dovey Johnson Roundtree, whose World War II service in the Women's Army Corps (WAC) he believed would make her an ideal advocate for Sarah Keys. Roundtree herself, as a recruiter for the WAC in the Deep South, had been evicted from a Miami, Florida bus in a 1943 incident that almost exactly paralleled Sarah Keys' experience. With her law partner and mentor Julius Winfield Robertson, she undertook the case, and the two immediately filed a complaint against both the Northern carrier which had transported Keys to Washington, D.C., and the Southern carrier which had actually perpetrated the alleged wrong, Carolina Trailways. Though Robertson and Roundtree were but a year at the bar in the fall of 1952 when they undertook to represent Sarah Keys, they had been trained at Howard University Law School by such renowned civil rights lawyers as Thurgood Marshall, James Madison Nabrit, Jr., and George E.C. Hayes, and they were deeply involved in the movement to dismantle segregation in the courts.
Three-year battle.
The match of client Sarah Keys with the young firm of Robertson and Roundtree proved fortuitous, as did the timing of the case, which unfolded during the same two-year period that the Supreme Court of the United States was hearing oral arguments in the landmark school desegregation case, "Brown v. Board of Education". When the US District Court for the District of Columbia dismissed the "Keys" complaint on February 23, 1953 on jurisdictional grounds, Roundtree and Robertson elected to bring their case before the Interstate Commerce Commission, which they believed might be persuaded to re-evaluate its traditional interpretation of the Interstate Commerce Act, in the same way that the Supreme Court was then re-evaluating its interpretation of the Fourteenth Amendment. On September 1, 1953, two months before Thurgood Marshall and his legal team made the second round of oral arguments in "Brown" before the Supreme Court asserting that the Fourteenth Amendment's "equal protection" clause prohibited segregation, Sarah Keys became the first black petitioner to bring a complaint before the Commission on a Jim Crow bus matter.
When the Supreme Court handed down its epochal ruling on May 17, 1954 in "Brown v. Board of Education", the ICC initially chose to ignore it. In a September 30, 1954 ruling, ICC Commissioner Isadore Freidson stated that "Brown" had no relevance to the conduct of business by a private bus carrier. Citing "Plessy v. Ferguson" as well as 19th-century ICC decisions handed down prior to "Plessy", and others which the Supreme Court had later overturned, Freidson argued that the non-discrimination language of the Interstate Commerce Act did not prohibit segregation. Roundtree and Robertson filed exceptions to Freidson's ruling in which they invoked both the commerce clause of the US Constitution and the Supreme Court's reasoning in "Brown" and applied it explicitly to the area of transportation.
On November 7, 1955, in a historic ruling, the Commission condemned 'separate but equal' in the field where it had begun—public transportation. In the "Keys" case, and in the NAACP's companion train case attacking segregation on railroads and in terminal waiting rooms, "NAACP v. St. Louis-Santa Fe Railway Company", the ICC ruled that the Interstate Commerce Act prohibited segregation itself. The "Keys" decision, made public on November 25, 1955 just one week before Rosa Parks' defiance of the bus segregation laws of the city of Montgomery, banned segregation itself as an assault upon the personhood of black travelers, and held in part:
"We conclude that the assignment of seats on interstate buses, so designated as to imply the inherent inferiority of a traveler solely because of race or color, must be regarded as subjecting the traveler to unjust discrimination, and undue and unreasonable prejudice and disadvantage...We find that the practice of defendant requiring that Negro interstate passengers occupy space or seats in specified portions of its buses, subjects such passengers to unjust discrimination, and undue and unreasonable prejudice and disadvantage, in violation of Section 216 (d) of the Interstate Commerce Act and is therefore unlawful."
By then, Sarah Keys had completed her tour of duty in the Women's Army Corps and was working as hair stylist and beauty consultant in a salon in New York City. On the morning of November 25, 1955, she received a telephone call from her attorney, Ms. Roundtree, who told Keys of the ICC's decision. Television and newspaper reporters arrived at the salon shortly thereafter to interview the young woman who was at the center of this important Civil Rights ruling. 
Enforcement.
Hailed by the press as a "symbol of a movement that cannot be held back," the "Keys" case marked a turning point in the legal battle against segregation, and a major departure from the ICC's history in racial matters. In the short term, however, it lay dormant, its intent thwarted by the one ICC commissioner who had dissented from the majority opinion, South Carolina Democrat J. Monroe Johnson. In his position as Chairman of the Commission, Johnson consistently failed to enforce the "Keys" ruling, and it was not until the summer of 1961, when the violence resulting from the Freedom Riders' campaign prompted Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy to take action, that the impact of the "Keys" case was felt. 
Impelled by the protests of civil rights leaders and the weight of international outrage at the brutality perpetrated on the Freedom Riders Kennedy took the unusual legal step of issuing a petition to the Interstate Commerce Commission on May 29, 1961, in which he called upon them to implement their own rulings. Citing the "Keys" and "NAACP" train case, along with the Supreme Court's 1960 "Boynton v. Virginia" ruling (364 US 454 (1960)) prohibiting segregation in terminal waiting rooms, restaurants and restrooms, the Attorney General called upon the ICC to issue specific regulations banning Jim Crow in interstate travel, and to take immediate steps to enforce those regulations.
Historical perspective.
A major breakthrough in the legal battle for civil rights, "Keys v. Carolina Coach Company" has generally been eclipsed in historical accounts of the movement by the events which followed it, notably the defiance of Montgomery, Alabama's city bus laws by Rosa Parks and the resultant Montgomery Bus Boycott. Parks' action assumed an importance far beyond the level of a municipal incident, giving rise to a Supreme Court decision banning segregation in travel within the individual states ("Browder v. Gayle", 352 US 903 (1956)) and igniting the civil rights campaign which thrust the Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. onto the national stage and paved the way for further reforms. The protest movement King led created an environment in which "Keys" and other desegregation rulings could be implemented. "Keys" thus represents one critical piece in the complex and multi-faceted fight for civil rights, in which the legal and the activist streams sustained each other and in combination precipitated the dismantling of Jim Crow.
References.
Add to References:
Add to Reference 8:
Nathan, "Take a Seat—Make a Stand," pp. 17-33
Add to reference 13:
Nathan, "Round and Round Together," p. 93.
Nathan, "Take a Seat—Make a Stand," ppp. 53-61.
Add to Reference 28:
Nathan, Take a Seat—Make a Stand," p. 57.
Add to Reference 29:
Nathan, "Take a Seat—Make a Stand," pp. 59, 61, 73
Add to Reference 30:
Nathan, "Take a Seat—Make a Stand," p. 56
Add to Reference 33:
Nathan, "Round and Round Together," p. 93
Nathan, "Take a Seat—Make a Stand," p. 74
Add new Reference for the last paragraph in the Section titled "Three Year Battle":
Nathan, "Take a Seat—Make a Stand," pp. 55, 60

</doc>
<doc id="18606226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606226" title="1908 American Grand Prize">
1908 American Grand Prize

The 1908 Grand Prize of the Automobile Club of America took place at Savannah, Georgia on November 26, 1908.
The Race.
Louis Wagner won the closely contested race in his Fiat finishing less than a minute ahead of Victor Hémery's Benz. Wagner's average speed for the race was . Ralph de Palma set fastest lap in his Fiat, with an average speed of .

</doc>
<doc id="18606245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606245" title="Buzz TV">
Buzz TV

Buzz TV was an Irish user-generated television channel that was launched in June 2008, it closed 2 years later in July 2010. The channel allowed viewers to upload their own content, as well as focusing on independent productions, and broadcast on cable and Internet protocol TV. It was only available on Irish cable provider UPC, on their digital service, channel 131 (their sister service was available on 132).
Viewers could text in comments during various programmes, voting for music video of the week, or even use the channel as a social network to chat to the presenter or other viewers. The channel also aired other material such as independent artists' music videos, comedy sketches, and short films are.
Background.
Buzz TV was officially available throughout Ireland to 380,000 households on UPC Ireland. On 10 July, 2010 both it and its sister channel Smile TV were removed from UPC EPG while the website www.buzztv.ie was removed from the internet. 

</doc>
<doc id="18606249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606249" title="Still Fly">
Still Fly

"Still Fly" is the first single from the 2002 album "Hood Rich" by American hip hop group Big Tymers. It reached #3 on the Hot Rap Tracks chart, #4 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, and #11 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The song was covered by The Devil Wears Prada in 2008 for the compilation album "Punk Goes Crunk". The song was also sampled by Canadian rapper, Drake, who later would sign to Cash Money Records under Lil Wayne's Young Money imprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18606252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606252" title="Labbra serrate">
Labbra serrate

Labbra serrate is a 1942 Italian film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Annette Bach. 

</doc>
<doc id="18606262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606262" title="Keelakkanavai">
Keelakkanavai

Keezhakkanavai is a small village in Perambalur district, Tamil Nadu, India. Situated in between Perambalur and Chettikulam, around 10 km from Perambalur. Agriculture is the most important economic activity. As no river passes by the village, people store rainwater in lakes and ponds, which is helpful during the summer. People use well water for irrigation and drinking.
It has one Post office which serves three villages(Renganathapuram, Tambiranpatti and Keezhakkanavai) nearby and few provisional stores to fulfill the peoples daily needs. Also there is Part-time Fair price shop (Civil supply) operating from 4 September 2010.
Temples.
The most famous temple is called Mariyamman Temple. There are also many temples in and around Keezhakkanavai. Sirvachur Madhura kali amman temple and Chettikulam Murugan temple are very popular. There is some yearly festival like Amman Thiruvizha, Diwali and pongal are celebrated.
Schools and colleges.
Central Government Polytechnic College has been started from the year June 2011 in Keezhakkanavai village.
There are Government schools and Matriculation schools in and around Keezhakkanavai. Dhanalakshmi Srinivan Engg. college is nearby in the village Aranarai(Perambalur), which is 5 km from Keezhakkanavai. Sri Ramakrishna Matriculation school at Perambalur which is about 8 km from Keezhakkanavai.
People.
The majority of the people who live in Keezhakkanavai are original South Indian people. All of them have Tamil as their primary language.
Transportation.
It has more or less an hour away from the town. The Buses from Perambalur to Keezhakkanavai.
The Major City buses are 9,9A,9B and 4 other Government Mofussil Bus including 1 Chennai Bus from Chettikulam to Chennai via Keezhakkanavai. Private Bus are SKP Travels, Dhanalakshmi Srinivan Transport, Renganathan Transport & Palani Murugan
Train.
Train can be accessed from the following towns which are 30 to 50 km from the village

</doc>
<doc id="18606270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606270" title="6th Corps of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina">
6th Corps of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The 6th Corps, along with the 7th Corps, of the Bosnian army was formed a little later than the first 5 Corps.
6th Corps History.
The 6th Corps of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina was formed on 9 June 1993. Konjić became the headquarters of the 6th Corps. 6th Corps was formed from 4th Corps Northern Herzegovina Operational Group to occupy northern Herzegovina from the HVO and eventually reach the Adriatic coast. But it had little success and was disbanded in February 1994.
Some units were incorporated into the 7th Corps and the rest into the 4th Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="18606276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606276" title="Sri Siva Vishnu Temple">
Sri Siva Vishnu Temple

Sri Siva Vishnu Temple (SSVT) is a Hindu temple located in Lanham, Maryland, about from Washington D.C. It is one of the largest temples in the United States. The actual temple construction began in 1988 and the last deity consecration took place in 2002.
Location.
The Temple is located on Cipriano Road one mile away from the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center. There are two churches located on the same road. The Murugan Temple of North America is located in the vicinity.
Deities.
Deities represented in the temple include Andal, Ayyappa, Durga, Ganesha, Karthikeya, Krishna, Lakshmi, Navagrahas, Parvathi, Rama, Sarasvati, Siva, Sudarshana, Venkateshwara and Vishnu.

</doc>
<doc id="18606277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606277" title="12 cm felthaubits/m32">
12 cm felthaubits/m32

The 12 cm felthaubits/m32 was a howitzer used by Norway in World War II. Captured guns were given a German designation after the Invasion of Norway as the 12 cm leFH 376(n). Two batteries of Artillerie-Abteilung 477, which served in Finland during the war, were equipped with 12 cm Norwegian howitzers, which might included these guns.
Eight were built during the 1930s to replace the obsolescent Ehrhardt 12 cm leFH 08, which was known in Norwegian service as the 12 cm felthaubits/m08. They served with the single heavy artillery battalion of the Norwegian Army in 1940, but were unable to get ammunition during the campaign and were evacuated into Sweden, according to one source.
It was equipped with rubber-rimmed steel wheels for motorized towing.

</doc>
<doc id="18606281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606281" title="Miho Bošković">
Miho Bošković

Miho Bošković (born 11 January 1983 in Dubrovnik) is a Croatian water polo player.
He plays for Vasas SC in the Hungarian Championship and for the Croatian national team, at the position of offensive player. He has played 108 matches for the National Team. First match he played in Montreal 2005, on World Championship. With Jug he won the LEN Euroleague Championship 2006, European Supercup, several National championships and cups. In the National team he won the gold medal on World Championship in Melbourne, 2007. He was named the best European water polo player in 2007 and 2012, by LEN. 

</doc>
<doc id="18606338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606338" title="Stasera niente di nuovo">
Stasera niente di nuovo

Stasera niente di nuovo (literally: Tonight nothing is new) is an Italian 1942 Italian drama film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Alida Valli.
Plot.
Cesare, a journalist, recognizes among some prostitutes arrested by the police, the young woman that saved his life some time earlier, without his having learned her identity. He tries to help the woman, Maria, and convince her to change her life, but without success.
Later on, Maria asks Cesare for his help. She is dying in a hospital, but cannot tell her parents, because, some time earlier, she had told them that she was married. So, in the last hours of her life, Cesare marries Maria, and then calls for her family to be with her.
The song “Ma l’amore no”.
In the movie, Alida Valli sings the song “Ma l’amore no” (by Galdieri and D'Anzi). The song became very popular, and was played repeatedly on the radio in the last years of World War II, becoming a leitmotif of the 1940s for many Italians. The song was reintroduced by Giuseppe Tornatore in his 2000 film Malèna, with Monica Bellucci.

</doc>
<doc id="18606357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606357" title="One Step Closer (Sylvia album)">
One Step Closer (Sylvia album)

One Step Closer is the fifth album by country music singer Sylvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18606359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606359" title="Universidad Autónoma de Santa Ana">
Universidad Autónoma de Santa Ana

The Universidad Autónoma de Santa Ana is a university in Santa Ana, El Salvador.
The university was founded on April 26, 1982 by lawyer Mauricio Gutiérrez Castro and the doctor Hector Abel Tobar. 
The authority of the university lies with the Assembly of Governors (Asamblea de Gobernadores).
The university has 2 faculties, the Faculty of Health, and the Faculty of Science and Humanities.

</doc>
<doc id="18606379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606379" title="Arotinolol">
Arotinolol

Arotinolol (INN, marketed under the tradename Almarl) is a medication in the class of mixed alpha/beta blockers. A 1979 publication suggests arotinolol as having first been described in the scientific literature by Sumitomo Chemical as "β-adrenergic blocking, antiarrhythmic compound S-596".
Uses.
It is used in the treatment of high blood pressure.
It has been proposed for use in treatment of essential tremor.
Recommended dosage 10 - 30 mg
External links.
http://sdic.sookmyung.ac.kr/drug_monograph/view.asp?id=92

</doc>
<doc id="18606382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606382" title="Tennessee State Route 452">
Tennessee State Route 452

State Route 452 (SR-452), also known as Bill France Boulevard, is a west–east state highway that runs along the border between Rutherford and Wilson counties in the middle part of the U.S. state of Tennessee.
It is primarily a service road for the Nashville Superspeedway, connecting the SR-840 freeway with US 231/SR-10.
The route is named after NASCAR founder Bill France.
Route description.
SR-452 begins at an interchange with SR-840 northeast of Smyrna in Rutherford County. The road travels to the east-southeast and crosses into Wilson County. Immediately after skirting along the southern edge of the Nashville Superspeedway, it curves to the south-southeast and re-enters Rutherford County. Then, it curves back to the east-southeast. After it crosses into Wilson County again, it meets its eastern terminus, an intersection with US-231/SR-10 (Murfreesboro Road).

</doc>
<doc id="18606398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606398" title="Friedrich Karl Georg Fedde">
Friedrich Karl Georg Fedde

Friedrich Karl Georg Fedde (June 30, 1873, Breslau (now Wrocław) – March 14, 1942, Berlin-Dahlem) was a German botanist.
Biography.
Fedde studied natural sciences, commencing in 1892 and graduating in 1896 in Breslau. He was a teacher in schools of higher learning in Breslau, Tarnowitz and Berlin. He became an associate at the Berlin Botanical Museum in 1901 and a professor there in 1912.
He participated in several collecting trips to the Mediterranean, Finland and South Russia.
Fedde's main work dealt with plant systematics and biogeography. His renown rests mainly on the publication of the "Repertorium Specierum Novarum Regni Vegetabilis" and its "Beihefte" for longer monographs. 
The genus "Feddea" (Asteraceae) Urb. was named in his honor.
Publications.
Extensive bibliography at WorldCat

</doc>
<doc id="18606402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606402" title="Fen (name)">
Fen (name)

Fen may be either a Chinese female given name or family name. As a given name, it is represented in simplified Chinese as .
Fen may also be a surname in countries other than China, such as Uzbekistan where it is represented in Cyrilic as .
Fen or Fenna is also an unrelated Frisian name.
Fen as a given name.
"Fen" is also a part of the names of several other notable people, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18606412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606412" title="Shmuel Rabinovitch">
Shmuel Rabinovitch

Shmuel Rabinovitch, also spelled Rabinowitz () (born 4 April 1970, Jerusalem) is an Orthodox rabbi and Rabbi of the Western Wall and the Holy Sites of Israel. Among his duties at the Wall in the Old City of Jerusalem, he is responsible for ensuring that notes placed in the Wall are removed and treated consistent with tradition and halakhah, as well as enforcing guidelines around the Wall about modesty and not taking photographs on the Sabbath and Jewish holidays. He often escorts visiting heads of state and foreign dignitaries during their visit to the Wall, and has been an outspoken defender of Torah values at the Jewish people's holiest site.
Biography.
Rabinovitch is the son of Rabbi Chaim Yehuda Rabinovitch, "av beis din" of the Jerusalem Rabbinical Courts, and grandson of Rabbi Shmuel Benzion Rabinovitch (d. 1950), a Lubavitcher Hasid born in Russia who brought up six children in the Old Yishuv but died at a young age. Shmuel Rabinovitch was named after his grandfather. He grew up in the Kiryat Mattersdorf neighborhood of Jerusalem and studied at Yeshivat Kol Torah in Bayit Vegan.
During his army service, he served in the Rabbinical Corps of the Israel Defense Forces. Following that, he was appointed as an area rabbi in southwest Jerusalem.
Rabinovitch was appointed to the position of Rabbi of the Western Wall by former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and former chief rabbis of Israel following the death of the Rabbi of the Western Wall, Rabbi Meir Yehuda Getz, in 1995.
Rabbi of the Western Wall.
The Western Wall is a frequent source of political and religious controversy, and Rabinovitch has been involved in and commented on many such controversies.
In May 2008, Rabinovitch prevented a delegation of Roman Catholic clergy from visiting the Wall while they wore visible crosses. Rabinovitch stated that anyone was welcome to pray at the Wall as long as he or she did not offend Jewish sensibility by wearing symbols of other religions. In a similar incident in 2007 with a group of Austrian clergy, Rabinovitch claimed that when Pope John Paul II visited the Wall he had not had a visible cross but pictures of the Pope's visit contradicted this claim. In 2009, Rabinovitch refused to honor the request of Pope Benedict XVI to clear the area of Jewish worshippers upon his visit to the Western Wall, and also asked the pope to cover the gold cross he wears around his neck. Israeli diplomatic sources overruled the latter request.
Rabinovitch has maintained rigid gender separation at the Wall, conforming to Haredi practice. In 2009, he gave authority for the police to arrest a member of Women of the Wall who was praying with a tallit (a traditional Jewish prayer shawl worn by men) and holding a Sefer Torah. The act had caused an adverse reaction from Haredi worshippers and Rabinowitz claimed "It is an act of provocation that seeks to turn the Western Wall into disputed territory... A prayer that causes contention and desecration of the sanctity of the Western Wall has no value. It is an act of protest". 
Twice a year, Rabinovitch and his assistants collect the hundreds of thousands of prayer notes placed in the Wall and bury them in the Jewish cemetery on the Mount of Olives.
Escorting dignitaries.
Rabinovitch accompanies many heads of state, religious figures, foreign dignitaries, and media on tours of the Wall and the Western Wall Tunnel. He escorted US First Lady Laura Bush together with Gila Katsav, wife of then-President of Israel Moshe Katsav, on a visit in 2005, and Sarah Palin, former Governor of Alaska, in 2011.
In July 2008, Rabinovitch accompanied U.S. presidential candidate Barack Obama on a pre-dawn visit to the Wall. During this visit, Obama placed a prayer note in the Wall. After Obama and his entourage departed, his note—written on hotel stationery—was removed from the Wall by a seminary student who sold it to the "Maariv" newspaper. The newspaper published the note, prompting criticism from other news sources and from Rabinovitch for violating the privacy that is inherent in notes placed in the Wall.
Other activities.
Rabinovitch is the chairman of the The Western Wall Heritage Foundation, a government-mandated organization which preserves and develops the Western Wall site and Western Wall Tunnel, as well as promotes the value of the site through education. Rabinovitch has also headed a public commission for environmental quality, and supervision and licensing of burials in Israel. He is a former vice president of the Aleh Children's Home in Jerusalem.
Works.
Rabinovitch wrote the two-volume "Sheilos u'Teshuvos Shaarei Tzion", describing the many halakhic questions that have arisen at the Western Wall and other holy sites. One chapter in Volume 1 deals exclusively with the question of disposing the prayer notes commonly inserted between the stones of the Wall. Rabinovitch rules that burning is a "pure" way to deal with the notes, but burying them is more honorable.
He is also the author of "Minhagei HaKotel", a book on the history and customs of the Western Wall.
Sources.
This article incorporates material from the Hebrew Wikipedia article, שמואל רבינוביץ.

</doc>
<doc id="18606435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606435" title="Starliner">
Starliner

Starliner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18606438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606438" title="North Grand Mall">
North Grand Mall

North Grand Mall is a 340,000-square-foot shopping center serving the city of Ames, Iowa and owned by GK Development, Inc. since 2004. In 2006, plans were announced for a $30 million renovation and expansion. In 2004, a farmers' market operated at the mall. The mall's anchor stores are JCPenney and Younkers, with a third anchor (Sears) having announced its closure in late 2008. The Sears building was torn down, with Kohl's, TJ Maxx, and Shoe Carnival opening on its site.
A rival mall was planned for the area of East 13th Street and Interstate 35 in Ames.

</doc>
<doc id="18606457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606457" title="Isabel Drescher">
Isabel Drescher

Isabel Drescher (born 9 March 1994 in Dortmund) is a German figure skater. She is the 2007-2008 German national silver medalist.
She took her first skating lessons at the age of 5 in a public skating session in Unna, Germany and afterwards went to the club training sessions that took place twice a week. At age 7 she passed the necessary test to become part of the Northrhein-Westfalia skating team and started taking lessons at the regional training center in Dortmund where she trained until September 2009. She moved to Berlin and switched coach to Viola Striegler after many problems with her former coach Martina Dieck in September 2009, only one week after the Junior Grand Prix in Poland. 
In the fall of 2010 Drescher returned to Dortmund and resumed training with Martina Dieck. Drescher represents the TSCE Dortmund.

</doc>
<doc id="18606479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606479" title="Mamma Mia! The Movie Soundtrack">
Mamma Mia! The Movie Soundtrack

Mamma Mia! The Movie Soundtrack is the soundtrack album for the 2008 Universal Pictures musical film "Mamma Mia!", based on the stage musical of the same name. It features performances by the film's cast including Meryl Streep, Amanda Seyfried, Pierce Brosnan, Dominic Cooper, Stellan Skarsgård, Colin Firth, Julie Walters, Christine Baranski, Ashley Lilley, and Rachel McDowall. The recording was produced by Benny Andersson who along with Björn Ulvaeus had produced the original ABBA recordings. Also many of the musicians from the original ABBA recordings participated in making the soundtrack album. In keeping with the setting, the musical arrangements featured the use of traditional Greek instruments, most noticeably the bouzouki. The album was nominated for the Grammy Best Compilation Soundtrack Album for Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media.
Track listing.
Deluxe edition.
The Deluxe Edition of the soundtrack features the original soundtrack (with no new songs) and a bonus DVD that features a "Behind the Scenes" special that shows some of the recording process for the movie as well as a music video for "Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight)" featuring Amanda Seyfried. The booklet for the deluxe edition is different from the original, containing all the lyrics, an article written by Musical Director Martin Lowe, taping location info, and additional photos from the movie.
Sales.
The album peaked at #1 in the USA on the Billboard 200 albums chart in August 2008. It was certified Platinum in the United States on August 18, 2008, selling over 1,800,000 copies to date. Worldwide, the soundtrack has sold over 5 million copies to date, spending a total of 2 weeks at #1 on the world charts.
The album had outsold the top 10 albums in the UK Albums Chart by 20 June 2008; however, it was ineligible for the main chart. In New Zealand, the album debuted at number 8 on July 14, 2008, and climbed to number one the following week. In Greece, it peaked at number one on the international chart and number 1 on the main albums chart for many weeks. In Australia, the album reached #1 in its second week on the ARIA Albums Chart, knocking off the highly successful Coldplay album "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends".
"Honey, Honey" has also charted at #16 on the Norwegian Singles Chart and #50 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart, due to high download sales. Other tracks selling well enough to chart in Australia include "Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight)" (#70), "Lay All Your Love on Me" (#85), "Dancing Queen" (#96) and "Mamma Mia" (#98).

</doc>
<doc id="18606487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606487" title="Hannah (oratorio)">
Hannah (oratorio)

Hannah is an oratorio in three acts by Christopher Smart with a score composed by John Worgan. It was first performed in Haymarket theater 3 April 1764. It was supposed to have a second performance, but that performance was postponed and eventually cancelled over a lack of singers. A libretto was published for its run and a libretto with full score was published later that year.
"Hannah" tells the story of Hannah and of her devotion to God which resulted in her being blessed with fertility by God. It was the first of two oratorio librettos written by Smart, the second being "Abimelech".
Background.
In 1763, Christopher Smart was released from Mr. Potter's madhouse. While working on a translation of the Psalms and of Horace's writings, Smart needed to earn money to support himself. He was encouraged to write a libretto in order to find employment by many of his friends who were involved with the theater and musical circles of London. The field of Oratorio appealed to Smart because of its financial benefits and its being grounded in the "sacred".
Smart defined an oratorio as:
"a sacred "opera"; deducing its fable from scripture, as the "opera" itself does, from profane history. This species (if righly executed) is most admirably calculated to fulfill the great end of "drama, to make men more virtuous"; as it takes for its subject the actions of "holy" men, and consequently deals much in praises and addresses to the deity. I believe our "oratorios" at present in vogue, tho' not very remarkable for poetical composition, have their good effect on the more rational and sober part of the audience. Yet what more universal and useful effects would this species of the "drama" produce, if it was to join "true poetry", with "true piety", and the sacred characters introduced, were taught to speak from the "head" as well as the "heart"? Add to this, a regularity of plan might be maintained (which hitherto has been utterly neglected) as well as in any other "dramatic" piece. In short, no subject more naturally affords the "true sublime", than that of which the "oratorio" consists; and consequently, an exalted genius can no where find a more suitable or ample field, for the exercise and exertion of his most magnificent conceptions."
In order to help produce his first oratorio, Smart turned to John Worgan to compose the score. Smart previous worked with Worgan when Worgan composed the score for Smart's "Solemn Dirge", a poem written on the death of Frederic Prince of Wales. After the two finished, they advertised in the "Public Advertiser" on 21 February 1764 that "Hannah" would run three days at the end of March. The show was supposed to be performed on 30 March and 31 March, but it was cancelled because it was Lent and they were unable to find singers. Eventually, "Hannah" was performed for only one night, 3 April 1764.
"Hannah" was supposed to run a second night and sold tickets, but the show was unable to be performed. An advertisement in the "Public Advertiser" on 1 May 1764 read:
"The Favourable RECEPTION of the ORATORIO of HANNAH, found from the Nobility and Gentry who honoured it with their Presence at this Theatre, had determined the Author to perform it again according to his first Intention, After the Passion Week (as no Night could be found before that Time, on which many of the principle Performers were not otherwise engaged) but on Account of the advanced Season, and that several who had taken their Tickets have left the Town for the Summer, he is advised by his Friends to defer the Performance until next Winter. As several are desirous of knowing when the Songs in this Oratorio will be published, the Author takes this Opportunity of Acquainting the Public, that they are now Printing, and will be ready for Sale in a few Weeks of which Notice will be given in this Paper."
However, there are no records of "Hannah" being performed during the following winter.
The libretto was published by Tonson April 1764 with the score printed later that year. The text of the libretto is written in copperplate by a professional copyist and a note on the final page says, "This Oratorio is intended to be perform'd at the Kings Theatre in the Haymarket with the Permission of the Lord Chamberlain. Dr. Worgan for Mr Giardini the said Theatre."
Hannah.
The libretto begins with an "argument" that gives a summary of the story of Hannah who, through her devotion to God, was allowed to give birth to Samuel. Immediately following, there is a disclaimer that reads:
"The only Liberty Mr. "Smart" has taken with the sacred Story is that he has introduced the Song of "Hannah" as a Thanksgiving immediate upon her acceptance in "Shiloh", whereas it was not composed till after the Birth of "Samuel". This Liberty he humbly hopes is more pardonable than the total Omission of so pious and beautiful a Piece."
However, rearranging the timing of biblical events was not the only liberty taken with the story; the libretto emphasizes Peninnah's fertility and jealousy along with Elkanah's benevolent treatment of Hannah.
The oratorio begins with Peninnah singing:
The character of Peninnah uses her fertility as an excuse to mock Hannah in a manner more "earthly" than sacred. The earthly mannerisms of Peninnah and her maids were emphasized in the oratorio for "theatrical effect". However, the themes of fertility and barrenness are also important aspects for Smart's poetic theme. The Handmaid to Peninnah emphasizes these themes when she sings:
Critical response.
A review in the "St. James's Magazine" claimed for the libretto "some poetical merit" but William Kenrick, a rival of Smart's, could not hold the poem as high. A biographer of Worgan claimed that the play lasted only one night because of Handel's popularity in London at the time, and "It is owing to this iniquitous idolatry that the oratorio of "Hannah" struggled into light, and soon disappeared. The adorers of Handel would not hear of oratorios composed by Arne, Worgan, and Arnold". However, the biographer didn't just blame Handel, but followed Kenrick's assessment when he said, ""Hannah" teems with resplendent beauties, but is enfeebled by the doggrel of poor Kit Smart."

</doc>
<doc id="18606493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606493" title="Abimelech (oratorio)">
Abimelech (oratorio)

Abimelech is an oratorio in three acts written by Christopher Smart and put to music by Samuel Arnold. It was first performed in Haymarket Theatre in 1768. A heavily revised version of the oratorio ran at the Covent Garden in 1772. "Abimelech" was the second of two oratorio librettos written by Smart, the first being "Hannah" written in 1764. Just like "Hannah", "Abimelech" ran for only one night, each time. It was to be Smart's last work dedicated to an adult audience.
"Abimelech" retells the biblical story of Abraham and Sarah when they met the King of Gerar, Abimelech, and he tries to take Sarah as his wife. After God intervenes in a dream, Sarah, who was previously barren, is restored to Abraham and made fertile. The oratorio emphasizes the sexual jealousy and the sexual fidelity of spouses.
Background.
Years before, Smart wrote a libretto for an oratorio called "Hannah". Like "Hannah", Smart most likely wrote the work out of a need to earn money. However, his previous oratorio only lasted a few nights, and Smart hoped that his second could succeed where the other failed. This would be the last work in Smart's final years that was written completely for adults.
An advertisement for "Abimelech" ran in the "Musical Intelligencer" section, of the "Public Advertiser", on 16 March which said:
"YOUNG Abimilech will be "exercised" on "Foote's" Theatrical "Heath" on Wednesday next, when he will run "three Trial-heats". He was bred by the celebrated "Kit Crazy", who rode "flying Pegasus" the great Match round the "Hop-Garden" and who is universally allowed to be a SMART Fellow, and a tolerable "Psalmodist". "Abimilech" is "half Brothers" to "Saul", which beat "Sampson" on Friday 19th of February, tho' the Odds "in the upper half of the Scaffold" were "Three and a Half to One". "Abimilech" has been a long while in Training under little "Arnold", a Man of "sound-Knowledge", who tho' of a diminutive Size, hath such amazing "Strength" in his "Composition", that, when he "gets with his Airs", he will seize on any Man alive, and "take him by the Ears"." 
"Abimelech" was performed once at the Theatre Royal on 18 March 1768 and once, after Smart's death, at Covent Garden on 25 March 1772. There are no surviving scores for "Abimelech", but the libretto was sold during its run at the Theatre Royal, Haymarket, in 1768 and the run of the revised version of the oratorio at the Covent-Garden in 1772. These works were published anonymously but Charles Burney, Smart's friend, attributes the libretto to Smart and pasticcios from Handel in his "General History of Music". The "pasticcios" were musical selections from Handel used by the composer Samuel Arnold.
Abimelech.
"Abimelech" tells the story of Abraham and Sarah at Gerar (Genesis 20) in three acts. Although there are multiple versions of the story with different characters, Smart relies on the version in which Abraham pretends that Sarah is his sister, and the king of Gerar, Abimilech, wishes to marry her. God intervenes by telling Abimelech that Sarah is married and should be returned to Abraham; Abimelech returns Sarah to Abraham but criticizes Abraham for lying. The oratorio leaves out the final portion of Abimelech's biblical story in which Sarah is made fertile by God along with Abimelech's women.
There is an emphasis on the sexual jealousy of Abraham over Abimelech's treatment of Sarah. This was partly done for "theatrical effect". However, there is also an emphasis on the impious actions of the Gentiles of Gerar and of their inability to love properly, especially when Hagar sings:
As the oratorio continues, there is emphasis that only those who follow the true God are capable of understanding the proper ways to act.
Critical response.
After the second version of "Abimelech" ran at the Covent-Garden, a reviewer in "The Theatrical Review" claimed that the oratorio was changed "greatly for the better". Another review in "The Theatrical Review" claimed that "Abimelech" was "a very pleasing Oratorio, though there is great sameness in the songs, but the chorusses are masterly and grand". Later, Thomas Busby claimed that "the applause obtained by this his second oratorical production established the reputation of its composer [Arnold". 
The "Monthly Review" and "Critical Review" ignored "Abimelech", which prompted Arthur Sherbo, a later critic, to claim that they "were kind to Smart and Arnold" for their silence. Another later critic, Moira Dearnley, said, "devotion and human relationships is uneasy, not to say ridiculous." Another critic, Frances Anderson, puts it bluntly: "it was not reprinted and seemed of mediocre quality". However, this turned out to be untrue.

</doc>
<doc id="18606504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606504" title="Fikile Mbalula">
Fikile Mbalula

Fikile Mbalula (born 8 April 1971 in the Free State) is the Minister of Sport and Recreation in the Cabinet of South Africa, a former deputy minister of police, a member of the national executive committee of the African National Congress and former leader of the African National Congress Youth League.
Career.
Mbalula was appointed deputy minister of police in the cabinet of Jacob Zuma in May 2009 and is now the minister of sport and recreation after President Jocob Zuma changed his cabinet after lobbying from the ANC Youth League and possibly as a reward for loyalty towards Zuma, according to media speculation.
In the 2009 general elections he was the manager of the ANC election campaign, which was considered highly successful.
Mbalula was elected to the ANC NEC at the party's Polokwane conference in December 2007 in 15th place, measured in number of votes. He subsequently retired as president of the ANC Youth League of which, at age 36, he was no longer eligible to be a member.
Mbalula was elected president of the ANC Youth League in August 2004, having previously held the post of secretary general.
Mbalula has been credited with installing South African President Thabo Mbeki in that position, and for later deposing him as head of the ANC. His support has also been described as key in gaining Zuma the ANC presidency in a hard-fought race with Mbeki.
He also supported the candidacy of Julius Malema to succeed him as head of the Youth League in what was seen as a move to ensure continuing League support for Zuma.
Apart from politics, he is a huge supporter of Kaizer Chiefs Football Club based in Naturena.
Controversial statements.
Known for his flowing speaking style, Mbalula has several times made headlines with controversial statements. In June 2007 he likened the University of KwaZulu-Natal to Bombay, saying black students were left on the periphery while those of Indian descent swelled the ranks.
In December 2007, amid rising tensions in the run-up to the ANC's Polokwane conference, Mbalula wrote a letter to finance minister Trevor Manuel calling him arrogant and an "attention-seeking drama queen". This followed Manuel dismissing Mbalula as a "self-appointed spokesperson of the national democratic revolution".
In April 2008 Mbalula said that Barney Pityana, rector of the University of South Africa had "made a clown of himself by his overzealous confusion and comical postulations" after Pityana expressed criticism of Zuma.
In January 2014, after Bafana Bafana were eliminated in the first round from the CHAN competition, Mbalula said that the national team were "a bunch of losers".

</doc>
<doc id="18606535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606535" title="Will to live">
Will to live

The will to live is a psychological force to fight for survival seen as an important and active process of conscious and unconscious reasoning. This occurs particularly when one’s own life is threatened by a serious injury or disease. The idea in which someone who is on the threshold of death may consciously or unconsciously try to stay alive through the belief that they have a reason or something to live for, along with giving up on the will to live. There are significant correlations between the will to live and existential, psychological, social, and physical sources of distress. The concept of the will to live can be seen as directly impacted by hope. Many, who overcome near-death experiences with no explanation, have described concepts such as the will to live as a direct component of their survival. The difference between the wish to die versus the wish to live is also a unique risk factor for suicide.
Background/History.
The will to live is considered to be a very basic drive in humans; but not necessarily the main driving force. In psychotherapy, Sigmund Freud termed the pleasure principle, which is the seeking of pleasure and avoiding of pain. Victor Frankl, after spending time in a German concentration camp, developed psychotherapy called logotherapy, or the will to meaning. Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs highlights the innate appetite that people possess for love and belonging but before all this there is the very basic and powerful will to live.
Psychologists have established that human beings are a goal-oriented species. In assessing the will to live, it should be borne in mind that it could be augmented or diminished by the relative strength of other simultaneously existent drives. Psychologists generally agree that there is the will to live, the will to pleasure, the will to superiority and the will to connection. There are also usually varying degrees of curiosity with regard to what may be termed the will to identity or establishing meaningful personal responses. The will to live is a platform without which it would not be possible to satisfy the other drives.
Concept.
Medical definition: the sense of self-preservation, usually paried with future conceptions of the self such as dreams, aspirations, and future expectations of improvements in one's life.
The notion of the will to live is an important concept when attempting to understand and comprehend why we do what we do in order to stay alive, and for as long as we can. This can be related to either ones push for survival on the brink of death, or someone who is just trying to find a meaning to continuing their life. Some researchers say that people who have a reason or purpose in life during such dreadful and horrific experiences, will often appear to fare better than those that may find such experiences overwhelming. Everyday, people undergo countless types of negative experiences, some to which may be demoralizing, hurtful, or tragic. An ongoing question continues to be what keeps the will to live in these situations. Some people that claim to have experienced instances of the will to live, have many different explanations behind it.
Correlations.
“Existential, psychiatric, social, and, to a lesser degree, physical variables are highly correlated with the will to live”. Existential issues found to correlate significantly include hopelessness, the desire for death, sense of dignity, and burden to others. Psychiatric issues found to be strongly associated are such as depression, anxiety, and concentration. Physical issues that showed the strongest associations were appetite and appearance which did not show the same consistent degree of correlation. The four main predictor variables of the will to live changing over time are anxiety, shortness of breath, depression, and sense of well-being which correlate with the other variable predictors as well. Social variables and quality of life measures are shown to correlate significantly with the will to live such as support and satisfaction with support from family, friends, and health care providers. Findings on the will to live have suggested that psychological variables are replaced by physical mediators of variation as death draws nearer. The will to live has also proven to be highly unstable.
Giving up the will to live.
Losing one’s sense of meaning or purpose and experiencing life as becoming more redundant is important to the loss of the will to live among the dying which seems to correlate with how one perceives oneself to be seen and their appearance; which can leave people with depressive symptoms. Therefore, sensing that these qualities are no longer valued or appreciated or losing one’s sense of essence/personhood could undermine the will to live.
Contributor.
Arthur Schopenhauer had his own perspective toward the will to live based on writings performed in his life. He is known as one of the greatest philosophers of the 19th century. Schopenhauer claims that everything in the world is nothing but an expression to the Will and depends solely on oneself. Schopenhauer helped shaped the idea that the world is in its whole nature through will, and through idea. Where there is will there is life. When fear is presented one shall not fear death with the will to live.
Research.
Many studies have been conducted on the theory of the will to live. Among these studies are subject to the difference in gender and the elderly and also in the terminally ill. One study focused on a simple question that asked about rating one’s will-to-live and presented the findings that elderly participants reporting a stronger will-to-live and strengthened or stable will-to-live survived longer in comparison to those with a weak will-to-live. This study found that women were able to cope with life threatening situations, but suggested that the participants could not have been stable and requires future replication.
The second study presented the idea of the will to live in the terminally ill specifically cancer patients termed as older. In this study researchers were able to suggest that patients who had tested as having a low sustained will to live died soonest, as opposed to having a moderate level of the will to live, lived the longest while high will to live could affect individuals in any direction. This study needs future replication that can show the effects of will to live in the terminally ill from different diseases and age categories.
Other accounts of the will to live exist in many extreme medical cases, where patients have overcome extraordinary odds to survive. The Holocaust has provided many instances of this phenomenon, and is a good example of this as well. A proposed mechanism for the will to live is the idea that positive mental thinking tends to lower one’s risk for disease and health complications. One study showed that women who thought positively were more likely to carry more antibodies against certain strains of the flu, thus having a stronger immune system than those who were told to think negative thoughts.
Powerful examples of humans having a will to live can be seen in death records throughout history showing that people were more likely to die right after a major holiday, such as Christmas and Thanksgiving, and even birthdays, not actually on or before them, but passing shortly after.
Criticisms.
Critics of the will to live have posited alternate hypothesizes to explain accounts of when humans overcome death. One hypothesis states that when one has a specific goal in mind, they regulate their behavior to be healthier and more productive; thus, extending one’s life can be accomplished by simply eating better, or getting more exercise. In overcoming death in near-death situations, the fight-or-flight response is credited by those who negate the idea of the will to live.

</doc>
<doc id="18606537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606537" title="Stratford-class transport">
Stratford-class transport

The "Stratford" class transport was a class of transport ship that served with the United States Navy during World War II. Their purpose was to transport soldiers to overseas service.
History.
There were only two "Stratford" class vessels, both built by the Manitowoc Shipbuilding Company. They were both apparently built for commercial service on the Great Lakes as freighters in about 1918, and operated as commercial vessels between the wars.
Shortly before America's entry into World War II, the two ships were requisitioned by the US Navy. The first ship, "Stratford", was commissioned in August 1941 and the second, "Gemini", in August 1942. Initially designated as cargo ships (AK), they were both converted to transports (AP) shortly after commission and hence became the "Stratford" class transports.
Both ships were initially assigned to convoy duty to Iceland in 1942, and then later took part in operations against the Japanese in the Pacific until the end of the war. Both were decommissioned in 1946. "Gemini" subsequently returned to commercial service, in Norway. "Stratford" was scrapped in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="18606563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606563" title="Schlosser's base">
Schlosser's base

Schlosser's base describes various superbasic mixtures of an alkyllithium compound and a potassium alkoxide. Commonly, the mixture is formed by combining "n"-butyllithium and potassium "tert"-butoxide in a one-to-one ratio. The reagent is named after Manfred Schlosser, though he uses the term "LICKOR superbase" (LIC denoting the alkyllithium, and KOR denoting the potassium alkoxide).

</doc>
<doc id="18606569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606569" title="Ahmad Abdul-Jabar">
Ahmad Abdul-Jabar

Ahmad Abdul-Jabar () (born 8 January 1978 in Iraq) is an Iraqi football player who currently plays for Baghdad FC in Iraq and Iraq national football team player.
Ahmed, known as Al-Alemane ('The German') by his team-mates, due to his fair skin and hair. He beared a slight resemblance to Brazilian Juninho of Middlesbrough and Atletico Madrid.
The qualified engineer also had the diminutive Brazilian's same penchant for taking on defenders with mazey runs and is often employed to support the front two. In 1996, he moved to Al-Zawraa from Al-Karkh formerly known as Al Rasheed, a club he joined at the age of 11 and flourished under coaches Amer Jamil and then Adnan Hamad.
It was Hamad who encouraged him to use his imagination more on the field, by thinking of himself as a fox; cunning and clever.

</doc>
<doc id="18606581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606581" title="Sylvia Vrethammar">
Sylvia Vrethammar

Eva Sylvia Vrethammar (born August 22, 1945, Uddevalla, Sweden), is a Swedish traditional pop and jazz singer. She is the daughter of Harald Vrethammar, an education official, and Britta Vrethammar, a musical education teacher, specializing in the piano.
She is best known for the 1974 song, "Y Viva España". It reached #4 in the UK Singles Chart in September 1974, spending over six months in that listing. She was known in the UK simply as Sylvia. Globally her version alone sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc.
She took part in Melodifestivalen 2002, singing "Hon är en annan nu". She participated again in Melodifestivalen 2013 in the hope of representing Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 which was held in Malmö. She sang her song "Trivialitet" in the fourth semi-final, which was also held in Malmö. She came seventh, therefore she was eliminated from the contest.

</doc>
<doc id="18606585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606585" title="Eden Quay">
Eden Quay

Eden Quay () is one of the Dublin quays on the banks of the River Liffey in Dublin. The quay runs the bank between O'Connell Bridge and Butt Bridge. The quay is bisected by Marlborough Street, roughly halfway along its length. The quay is also designated R105 as part of the Irish regional roads convention.
Liberty Hall dominates the eastern end of the quay while at the opposite end is the Irish Nationwide building, famous for its destruction by the Royal Navy during the Easter Rising.
Activity on the quay is made up of a lap dancing club and bar, along with a hotel and bar, an amusement arcade, the Laughter Lounge (built on the site of a former cinema, and an assortment of downscale offices, a language school, a closed down pub and three newsagents.
The Quay is a major terminus for Dublin Bus services to the north east of the city and to the south (bank-side). 22 routes start here, while another five go through the location. 
The Liffey Boardwalk covers the length of the quay.
External links.
For an incomplete list of buses departing and terminating at Eden Quay, see Dublin Bus

</doc>
<doc id="18606589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606589" title="Counting (music)">
Counting (music)

In music, counting is a system of regularly occurring sounds that serve to assist with the performance or audition of music by allowing the easy identification of the beat. Commonly, this involves verbally counting the beats in each measure as they occur. In addition to helping to normalize the time taken up by each beat, counting allows easier identification of the beats that are stressed. Counting is most commonly used with rhythm and form and often involves subdivision.
Methods.
The method involving numbers may termed count chant, "to identity it as a unique instructional process."
In lieu of simply counting the beats of a measure, other systems can be used which may be more appropriate to the particular piece of music. Depending on the tempo, the divisions of a beat may be vocalized as well (for slower times), or skipping numbers altogether (for faster times). As an alternative to counting, a metronome can be used to accomplish the same function.
Triple meter, such as 3/4, is often counted 1 2 3, while compound meter, such as 6/8, is often counted in two and subdivided "One-"and"-"ah"-Two-"and"-"ah"" but may be articulated as "One-"la"-"lee"-Two-"la"-"lee"". For each subdivision employed a new syllable is used. For example, sixteenth notes in 4/4 are counted 1 e & a 2 e & a 3 e & a 4 e & a, using numbers for the quarter note, "&" for the eighth note, and "e" and "a" for the sixteenth note level. Triplets may be counted "1 tri ple 2 tri ple 3 tri ple 4 tri ple" and sixteenth note triplets "1 la li + la li 2 la li + la li" (presumably saying "up" or "plus" for "+"). Quarter note triplets, due to their different rhythmic feel, may be articulated differently as "1 dra git 3 dra git".
Rather than numbers or nonsense syllables, a random word may be assigned to a rhythm to clearly count each beat. An example is with a triplet, so that a triplet subdivision is often counted "tri-pl-et". The Kodály Method uses "Ta" for quarter notes and "Ti-Ti" for eighth notes. For sextuplets simply say triplet twice (see Sextuplet rhythm.png), while quintuplets may be articulated as "un-i-vers-i-ty". In some approaches, "rote-before-note", the fractional definitions of notes are not taught to children until after they are able to perform syllable or phrase-based versions of these rhythms.
"However the counting may be syllabized, the important skill is to keep the pulse steady and the division exact."
Syllables.
There are various ways to count rhythm, from simple numbers to counting syllables to beat placement syllables. Here are a few.
Ta Titi system:
This system allows the value of each note to be clearly represented no matter its placement within the beat/measure.
The folk song lyric "This Old Man, he played one, he played knick-knack on my thumb, with a knick-knack paddy whack, give my dog a bone, this old man came rolling home" would be said, "titi ta titi ta titi titi titi ti-tiri titi tiriti tiritiri ta titi titi titi ta"
du / du-deh / du-ta-de-ta system! Need more info.
Down-ee up-ee – beats are down, up-beats are up, subdivisions are “ee” but… need more info!
The folksong lyric "This Old Man, he played one, he played knick-knack on my thumb, with a knick-knack paddy whack, give my dog a bone, this old man came rolling home" would be said, "down up down down up down down up down up down up down up-ee down up down-ee-up down-ee-up-ee down down up down up down up down."
Takadimi system: The beat is always called ta. In simple meters, the division and subdivision are always ta-di and ta-ka-di-mi. Any note value can be the beat, depending on the time signature. In compound meters (wherein the beat is generally notated with dotted notes), the division and subdivision are always ta-ki-da and ta-va-ki-di-da-ma.
The note value does not receive a particular name; the note’s position within the beat gets the name. This system allows children to internalize a steady beat and to naturally discover the subdivisions of beat, similar to the down-ee-up-ee system.
The folksong lyric "This Old Man, he played one, he played knick-knack on my thumb, with a knick-knack paddy whack, give my dog a bone, this old man came rolling home" would be said, "tadi ta tadi ta tadi tadi tadi tadimi tadi takadi takadimi ta tadi tadi tadi ta."
Ultimately, musicians count using numbers, “ands” and vowel sounds. Downbeats within a measure are called 1, 2, 3… Upbeats are represented with a plus sign and are called “and” (i.e. 1 + 2 +), and further subdivisions receive the sounds “ee” and “uh” (i.e. 1 e + a 2 e + a). Musicians do not agree on what to call triplets: some simply say the word triplet (“trip-a-let”), or another three-syllable word (like pineapple or elephant) with an antepenultimate accent. Some use numbers along with the word triplet (i.e. “1-trip-let”). Still others have devised sounds like “ah-lee” or “la-li” added after the number (i.e. 1-la-li, 2-la-li).
The folksong lyric "This Old Man, he played one, he played knick-knack on my thumb, with a knick-knack paddy whack, give my dog a bone, this old man came rolling home" in 2/4 time would be said, "one and two one and two one and two and one and two and uh one and two ee and one ee and uh two one and two and one and two."

</doc>
<doc id="18606629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606629" title="Virginia Capital Trail">
Virginia Capital Trail

Virginia Capital Trail is a bicycle and pedestrian trail between Williamsburg, Jamestown and Richmond in the Commonwealth of Virginia in the United States. It is in length and largely parallels a highway, Virginia Route 5, a Virginia Scenic Byway. 
The trail ranges in width between eight and ten feet (2.4 to 3.0 m), and will be paved throughout its entire length to accommodate all modes of non-motorized land transportation. Trail users will share the new $33.6 million Judith Stewart Dresser Bridge over the Chickahominy River with Route 5 motorists, but will use a specially-designed area physically separated from motor vehicles. Portions of the Virginia Capital Trail opened beginning in 2006 and most are planned for completion by 2012. 
A unique trail.
The name derives from the fact that the trail links the three capitals of the British Colony of Virginia and the Commonwealth of Virginia after independence, for a total of over 400 years. 
Unlike many rail trail projects which utilize former railroad rights-of-way, no railroad was ever built along this corridor. Instead, the Virginia Capital Trail essentially parallels the north shore of the James River and Virginia Route 5 approximately between the two cities, from the Capitol in Colonial Williamsburg through portions of James City County, Charles City County, and Henrico County to the current Virginia State Capitol in Richmond. 
The trail will utilize the new Judith Stewart Dresser Bridge which crosses the Chickahominy River at the 1634 border of James City and Charles City counties. The $33.6 million fixed span bridge is a replacement for an older movable swing-span bridge. It was specifically designed to include a shared-use path (separated from the main roadway by a divider) for the Virginia Capital Trail's users. 
Sponsoring agencies.
Virginia Capital Trail Foundation (VCTF) is a public-private partnership whose mission is to support and promote the construction, public use and ongoing enhancement of the Virginia Capital Trail. The Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT), a state agency, describes their relationship as "working partners on this unique project." 
Sections and schedule for completion.
As of April 2013, the Virginia Capital Trail was partially completed and in use, including the previously existing Colonial Parkway. Remaining sections were scheduled for completion in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18606644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606644" title="Symphony No. 11 (Mozart)">
Symphony No. 11 (Mozart)

Symphony No. 11 in D major, K. 84/73q, was at one time considered unquestionably to be the work of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Its status has, however, been challenged, and (as of 2008) remains uncertain. It is believed to date from 1770, and may have been written in Milan or Bologna, if it is a genuine Mozart work. An early manuscript from Vienna attributes the work to Wolfgang, but nineteenth century copies of the score attribute it respectively to Leopold Mozart and to Carl Dittersdorf. Neal Zaslaw writes: "A comparison of the results of two stylistic analyses of the work's first movement with analyses of unquestionably genuine first movements of the period by the three composers suggests that Wolfgang is the most likely of the three to have been the composer of K73q". 
The symphony is in three movements, lacking a minuet and trio. Kenyon opines that there is "little special" about the work, while Zaslaw finds a "Gluckish ambience", and some affinity with "opera buffa" in the repeated triplets found in the Finale.
Movements and instrumentation.
The instrumentation was: strings, 2 oboes, 2 horns, bassoon, continuo
\relative c" {
</score>
Performance details.
There are no details available as to when the initial performance took place

</doc>
<doc id="18606655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606655" title="Michael Alexander (academic)">
Michael Alexander (academic)

Michael Scott Alexander (born 1970) is an associate professor in the religious studies department of the University of California, Riverside.
He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania, and from Yale University in 1999 with a PhD, after which he served as Assistant Professor of History and Jewish Studies at the University of Oklahoma.
He was the former Murray Friedman Associate Professor of Modern Jewish History at Temple University in Philadelphia, and former Director of the Feinstein Center for American Jewish History.

</doc>
<doc id="18606685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606685" title="Conceited">
Conceited

"Conceited (There's Something About Remy)", simply known as "Conceited", is the second single by American rapper Remy Ma taken from her first studio album "". The song was produced by Scott Storch.
The song appears in the Kinect game "Dance Central 2".

</doc>
<doc id="18606725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606725" title="Luis Castellanos Tapias">
Luis Castellanos Tapias

Luis Castellanos Tapias was a Colombian attorney (Universidad Externado de Colombia), historian, politician, publisher and writer.
Castellanos Tapias (who studied history with José Fulgencio Gutiérrez, prominent historian from Bucaramanga, Santander, and author of the historical study "Galán y los Comuneros"), published in 1962 a novel that has as its main historical reference the insurrection of the Comuneros (1781) in the Viceroyalty of Nueva Granada, "El Alzamiento" or 'The Uprising.' Castellanos Tapias is also the author of at least two other unpublished novels, "El Amo", or 'The Master' and "La Muerte del Juez Barton" or "The Death of Judge Barton." Records show him also as the author of a technical report and a census on the tobacco industry in Colombia for Instituto Nacional de Fomento Tabacalero (INTABACO)and at least one article on the economics of business cycles.
Castellanos was a member of the conservative party and occupied several prominent provincial and national positions, among them Secretary of Government (Departmental Interior Secretary)under Santander Governor Rafael Ortiz Gonzales during the period leading to the political crisis of April 1948. From his governmental positions Castellanos Tapias was instrumental, together with other Santander leaders, in promoting the founding of the Universidad Industrial de Santander (UIS), one of the truly prestigious Colombian universities, of which he was the second president ("rector.") After studying industrial statistics with an ONU scholarship in USA and Canada, he intervened in the founding and was the leading executive of the Departamento Nacional de Estadística (National Department of Statistics), the forerunner of today's DANE (Departamento Administrativo Nacional de Estadísticas).
Castellanos was also leading assistant to the minister of Agriculture and on occasion, acting minister of Agriculture. Later on he was the leading executive (Gerente General) of the Instituto Nacional de Fomento Tabacalero (INTABACO). Castellanos was founder and publisher of the short-lived "La Nación Agrícola" magazine. Towards the end of his life he was also a Notary, a Judge and the president of the Directorio Conservador in Barrancabermeja, Santander. While living in Barrancabermeja Castellanos Tapias was made a full member ("Miembro de Número") of the Academy of History of Santander and was chosen to preside over the founding of the Centro de Historia de Barrancabermeja, the local chapter of the Academy of History of Santander.
El Alzamiento..
The 1962 novel "El Alzamiento" shows the influences of the French Annales school of historiography, that came to Castellanos Tapias through his history teacher at Colegio de Santander, José Fulgencio Gutiérrez. The epic 1781 uprising of the peasants from Santander and Boyacá against Spanish abuses is depicted through the lives of a family of humble tobacco growers. When they run afoul of the Spanish taxation agents, the crop is destroyed, their home is planted with salt and burned to the ground, and the head of the family is thrown in jail. Destitute, the wife descends into madness and goes around town chanting the local couplets that by then foretell the coming insurrection. With an eye to the social forces bubbling up to threaten Spanish colonial power and faithful to historical detail, the novel fleshes out the characters of the women and men that led the insurrection and suffered the ensuing repression afterwards. The priests preach humility while averting their eyes away from the authorities' crimes. The "criollo" middle classes, the future "heroes" of the national independence from Spain, take advantage of the triumphant movement to help themselves, later on turning their backs and delivering the peasant leaders to be executed. Amid despair and hopelessness, the novel ends with the peasant youngsters on the verge of a guerrilla attack on incoming Spanish forces, a clear reference to the political dynamics of Colombia which by the time the novel was written had taken the form of insurgent guerrilla movements.
References.
Universidad Industrial de Santander (UIS) [https://www.uis.edu.co/portal/nuestra_uis/historia/historia.html]
External links.
Biblioteca Luis Angel Arango [http://www.lablaa.org/]
Available at the Biblioteca Luis Angel Arango
Número Topográfico: 338.17371 I57r 20 ed. Author: Instituto Nacional de Fomento Tabacalero (Bogotá) Título: Resumen estadístico : tobacco / Intituto Nacional de Fomento Tabacalero ; gerente Luis Castellanos Tapias. Editorial: Bogotá : Instituto Nacional de Fomento Tabacalero, 1959. Descripción física: 59 h. ; 27 cm.
Número Topográfico: Co863.6 C17a 19 ed. Author: Castellanos Tapias, Luis. Título: El alzamiento : novela / Luis Castellanos. Editorial: Bogotá : Ediciones Edicrón, 1962. Descripción física: 211 p. ; 20 cm. Notas: Colección Jorge Ortega Torres.

</doc>
<doc id="18606745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606745" title="Musée de la Légion d'honneur">
Musée de la Légion d'honneur

The Musée national de la Légion d'Honneur et des Ordres de Chevalerie is a museum of national orders of merit located in the 7th arrondissement in the Palais de la Légion d'Honneur beside the Musée d'Orsay at 2, rue de la Légion-d'Honneur, Paris, France. It is open daily except Monday; admission is free. The nearest métro and RER stations are Musée d'Orsay, Solférino, and Assemblée Nationale.
The museum is housed within the Hôtel de Salm, built in 1782 by architect Pierre Rousseau for Frederick III, Prince of Salm-Kyrburg, burned in 1871 during the Paris Commune, and subsequently restored by subscription of medallists. Since 1804 this building has been the Palais de la Légion d'Honneur, and the seat of France's highest honors: the Légion d'honneur (1802), the Médaille militaire (1852), and the Ordre national du Mérite (1963).
Today's museum was created in 1925. It displays a history of France's honors, medals, decorations, and knightly orders from Louis XI to the present, including Napoleonic souvenirs and more than 300 portraits. A special section is dedicated to foreign orders. Its library and archives contain more than 3,000 works.

</doc>
<doc id="18606757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606757" title="Alaa Abdul-Hussein">
Alaa Abdul-Hussein


</doc>
<doc id="18606758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606758" title="Appleton Museum of Art">
Appleton Museum of Art

The Appleton Museum of Art is located at 4333 East Silver Springs Boulevard, Ocala, Florida. It contains European, American and Contemporary sculptures and paintings, plus African, Asian, Islamic and pre-Columbian artifacts and antiquities. The museum was founded by Arthur I. Appleton, a Chicago electrical supply magnate turned Ocala thoroughbred horse breeder.

</doc>
<doc id="18606790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606790" title="Colin Steele (singer)">
Colin Steele (singer)

Colin Steele is a singer/music producer/actor.
Background.
Colin Steele began recording and performing dance/house music with Dj International records at age 11 in Chicago Illinois.
Acting.
Colin Steele landed the role of Jermaine Jackson in "". He hosted the children's television talk show "Club HT Live", and sang lead vocals on "In The Still Of The Night" in Whoopi Goldberg's "Sister Act II". Colin was accepted to UCLA and graduated with a BA in music.
Music.
Steele began performing in clubs in Los Angeles, Paris, and New York. He decided to move to New York. In 2006 Colin released his first CD of music, titled "Colin Steele". In 2009 Colin flew to Rio de Janeiro and filmed the music video for the song "More Of You".

</doc>
<doc id="18606792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606792" title="1970 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1970 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1970 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1970. The final was contested between Kerry and Meath. Kerry won the decider by a scoreline of 2-19 to 0-18.

</doc>
<doc id="18606795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606795" title="Manuel Pérez y Curis">
Manuel Pérez y Curis

Manuel Pérez y Curis (May 21, 1884 - November 22, 1920) was an Uruguayan poet, born in Montevideo, Uruguay. 
The Apolo Magazine stands out between its works (of art and sociology) that appeared monthly; the writing secretary was Ovidio Fernández Ríos and La Arquitectura del verso, published in Paris and Mexico. The poet Delmira Agustini in almost all numbers wrote in Apolo (the poem appears here in 1908, Las coronas). In the year in 1908, he published in the magazines Alberto Zum Felde, La Hiperbórea and Lulú Margat. He died of tuberculosis 1920, in Montevideo.

</doc>
<doc id="18606819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606819" title="Collazo">
Collazo

Collazo is a surname from the Spanish word collazo meaning "Shining star".

</doc>
<doc id="18606825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606825" title="Billix">
Billix

Billix is a live USB or live CD that supports multiple Linux distributions (including several special purpose distributions). Billix was designed as a toolkit for UNIX and Linux system administrators.
As configured, it supports several distributions:
Also, the following programs are included:

</doc>
<doc id="18606843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606843" title="Operation Have Horn">
Operation Have Horn

Operation Have Horn was a project in 1969 by the United States Air Force that involved the launching of Nike Hydac sounding rockets. It occurred at North Truro Air Force Station, located in North Truro, Massachusetts. Upon completion of the operation in 1970, the used devices were returned to the White Sands Missile Range, in New Mexico.Have Horn was support and carried out by the Missile and Drone Division of the Air Force Missile Development Center, Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18606846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606846" title="Blato">
Blato

Blato may refer to:
In Bosnia and Herzegovina:
In Bulgaria:
In Croatia:
In Slovenia:

</doc>
<doc id="18606859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606859" title="1971 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1971 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1971 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1971. Offaly defeated Galway by three points to win their first ever All-Ireland title 

</doc>
<doc id="18606867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606867" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Sheboygan County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18606875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606875" title="Star Uranium">
Star Uranium

Star Uranium is a Canadian resource company with its head office in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. The company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of uranium, diamond and other precious metal properties.
Disputes.
Since June 2003 the company (together with sister company United Uranium) had a dispute with Shore Gold over ownership of 25 groups of mineral claims totaling over 35,000 hectares in the "Fort à la Corne area" of Saskatchewan. The issue was all about who was first in line at the Department of Mineral Resources of the Government of Saskatchewan to register mineral deposit claims.
On March 1, 2007 a Saskatchewan court ruled in favor of Star Uranium but on March 30, 2007 Shore Gold appealed the court ruling. On July 9, 2008, the Court of Appeal for Saskatchewan ruled that Star Uranium and United Uranium were entitled to register mineral claims to 25 blocks of land in the Fort à la Corne area.

</doc>
<doc id="18606877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606877" title="Nicholls">
Nicholls

Nicholls may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18606892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606892" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Croix County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Croix County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in St. Croix County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18606922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606922" title="1972 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1972 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1972 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to October, 1972. Offaly won their second ever All-Ireland title in a row, defeating Kerry by 1-19 to 0-13 after a replay.

</doc>
<doc id="18606923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606923" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Walworth County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Walworth County, Wisconsin

__NOTOC__
Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Walworth County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18606934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606934" title="Kizilkend">
Kizilkend

Kizilkend or Kzylkend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18606947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606947" title="Blato, Zagreb">
Blato, Zagreb

Blato is a neighborhood located in the Novi Zagreb - zapad city district of Zagreb, Croatia. It is spread along the Karlovačka Road, south of Jadranska Avenue. The population is around 2,600.
Formerly a village on its own, it has been assimilated into the Zagreb agglomeration during the 20th century. It consists of single family homes and occasional duplex houses.

</doc>
<doc id="18606962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606962" title="Attash Durrani">
Attash Durrani

Dr. Attash Durrani ( Alternative Names = Durrānī, ʿAt̤ish Durrani--- Durrani, Attash--- ʿAt̤sh Durrānī--- Durrānī,ʿAt̤sh---
Durrānī, ʿAt̤ash ), (), (), (), (), T.I., is a Linguist, Scholar, Terminologist, Translatologist, Educationist, Language Scientist, Language/ Knowledge Manager/ Engineer, Theorist, and Pakistani author. He is Chairman of INKSOFT Inc., Islamabad, Pakistan, (Pakistan's first and only Software Localization Company) for the Localization for Urdu, Pakistani (Pashto, Punjabi, Sindhi), Persian, Dari and Arabic languages. He is serving as Professor, Pakistani Languages in Pakistani Languages and Literature Department, Allama Iqbal Open University, Islamabad. He is also heading Federal Textbook Board Development and Promotion Committee in National Book Foundation, Islamabad. He has served as Director Multimedia (Urdu Medium) e-course-ware (Urdu e-literacy), in Computer Science and Pakistani Languages Departments, Allama Iqbal Open University, Islamabad, Pakistan. He has served as Project Director, Center of Excellence for Urdu Informatics, National Language Authority, Pakistan.
He also worked in National Book Council,(now: National Book Foundation)as Asst. Editor monthly "Kitab", and Official Language Committee, Civil Secretariat, Lahore as Editor "Urdu Nama". He also edited/ worked as journalist in: monthlies, e.g. "Maloomat", Lahore, "Taleemat", Lahore, "Sayyarah Digest", Lahore, "Taleem-i-Musalsal" and "Akhbar-i-Urdu", Islamabad; weeklies, e.g."Islami Jamhooria", Lahore, "World Islamic Times", Islamabad; and Dailies, e.g. "Jang", Lahore.
He is author of more than 170 books, 350 papers and 125 teaching units in English and Urdu media. His publications are in the fields of Urdu Language and Literature, Linguistics, Education, Literacy, Curriculum and Textbook Development, Urdu Informatics, e-Learning, Research, Dictionaries; and Terminologies, Bibliographies and Encyclopedias, Iqbal Studies, Pakistan Studies, History, History and Philosophy of Science, Library and Information Science, Media and Communication, Language Planning/ Knowledge Management/Engineering, etc.
He has been listed in "INTERNATIONAL WHO'S WHO" in Translation and Terminology (1995), published by: Union Latine; Infoterm; INTERNATIONAL Where + How; and Praetorius; and he is also listed in the "LINGUIST List". His credentials as an Expert in Multilingualism are mentioned in "International Directory of Multilingualism", Union Latine, Paris (2007). A thesis of M.Phil. level is written by Mussarat Khan Zahidi on the contributions of Dr. Attash Durrani, in the Department of Urdu, University of Peshawar in 2007. Another Study of M.Phil. (Urdu) is conducted by Khalid Mehmood in the University of Sargodha on the linguistic contributions of Dr. Attash Durrani in 2013. Two M.A./ B.A. Honors level theses on his literary contributions are developed in the Education University, and FCC University, Lahore in 2012. Another Study on the Language Promotion and Dr. Attash Durrani is also conducted by Ms. Mussarat Yousuf Zai in the Northern University, Nowshehra, (KPK), Pakistan in 2013. A book "Attashnama" is compiled by Dr. Ashfaq Hussain Bukhari concluding all the research works on Dr. Attash Durrani in 2013.Another book "Attash Durrani", based on Wikipedia information, edited by Kristen Nehemia Horst is published by DIGN Press(US) onJan. 10, 2013.. A book "Dr. Attash Durani on Web Search" is compiled by Mr. C. A. Gill and published in Pakistan in 2014.
Dr. Attash Durrani did his PhD. in Urdu Terminology in 1991 from the University Oriental College, University of the Punjab, Lahore. His major contributions include development of Research and Localization Style guides, Curricula, Glossaries and other standard tools, Urdu Code Plate and Keyboard, Urdu Informatics Linguistic Aspects, Localization and Transliteration for Computers, M.T. formula and Ghost Characters Theory. He is also known as Localization Guru of Pakistan. This is also highlighted in the Weekly "Technology Times ",Islamabad. He is a Curriculum and Textbook Development Specialist for Urdu, Literacy, Basic and at all the Higher Education levels and Urdu Informatics for ADB, GIZ/GTZ, ESRA, JICA, UNESCO, Islamabad, Pakistan and Curriculum Wing, Federal Ministry of Education, AIOU and Higher Education Commission of Pakistan (HEC).
He also earned Certificates in Statistics, Journalism, Project Management, Research Methodology and Curriculum and Text book Development courses offered by the University of the Punjab, Institute of Education and Research, Lahore; Pakistan Planning and Management Institute (PPMI), Islamabad, University of Bradford (United Kingdom); COMSATS Institute of Information Technology, Islamabad, Pakistan; Project Management Institute (PMI) (USA); National University of Science and Technology (NUST), Islamabad, Pakistan; and International Bureau of Education(IBE), UNESCO, Geneva. He supervised a number of M.Phil, M.S., PhD. students on Urdu, Punjabi, Iqbaliat, Linguistics, Translatology, Education, Informatics, and Computer Science projects/theses.
He was the first in-charge of Microsoft Local Language Program for Urdu Language. He was also Head of Bureau of Translations, Dictionaries& Terminologies at the National Language Authority,Pakistan. His Project of Urdu Informatics revealed an Institute for Urdu Informatics, related with Urdu language research and development for its use on computers... He is deriving a hypothesis on Pakistani as a language on e-world, a theory against Hindustani. He is the flag-career activist linguist of Language Planning, Development, Promotion and Policy for Urdu and Pakistani languages. He has also been listed in the List of notable or famous alumni/graduates/students from University of the Punjab; prominent alums from this institution incl. celebrities, politicians and business people.

</doc>
<doc id="18606972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606972" title="Festival of speed">
Festival of speed

Festival of speed is a name given to motorsport events which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18606978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606978" title="1973 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1973 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Football Championship of 1973 was the 87th edition of Ireland’s premier Gaelic football knockout competition. The championship ran from June to September of that year, culminating with the All-Ireland final, held at Croke Park, Dublin on 23 September. The match was contested by Cork and Galway, with Cork taking the title by 3-17 to 2-13. It was Cork's first All-Ireland title since 1945.
Format.
The All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was run on a provincial basis as usual, with the four winners from Connacht, Leinster, Munster and Ulster advancing to the All-Ireland semi-finals. The draw for these games was as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18606988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606988" title="Moi, tout simplement">
Moi, tout simplement

"Moi, tout simplement" was the Swiss representative at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 in Millstreet, Ireland. It was sung by Canadian singer Annie Cotton and was performed in French.
On the night of the final, the song was sung 4th, following Germany's Münchener Freiheit with "Viel zu weit" and preceding Denmark's Tommy Seebach Band singing "Under stjernerne på himlen". At the close of the voting it had received 148 points, and placed 3rd in a field of 25. This was the best placing of Switzerland since Switzerland win in 1988 and is still the best placing of Switzerland as of 2012.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1994 contest by Duilio singing "Sto pregando".
An English version of the song, "I Will Be Myself" was recorded by Cotton in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18606999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18606999" title="National Dog Show">
National Dog Show

The National Dog Show Presented by Purina is a conformation show sanctioned by the American Kennel Club. The National Dog Show has been ongoing since 2002. The show is held by The Kennel Club of Philadelphia a founding club of AKC, the Kennel Club of Philadelphia. It traditionally takes place on the third from last weekend in November over two days. The NDS's motto: Dog before master.
The National Dog show is one of the three major dog shows in the United States, along with the AKC/Eukanuba National Championship and the Westminster Dog Show. Winners may be invited to compete at Crufts. As with all AKC conformation shows, mixed-breed dogs are not eligible to participate.
The show is nationally televised in the United States on NBC every Thanksgiving; the show immediately follows the network's coverage of the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade and airs at noon in all time zones. Actor John O'Hurley is the program's host, and the show's presenting sponsor is Nestlé Purina PetCare, maker of numerous brands of dog food such as Alpo, Beggin' Strips, Beneful, Dog Chow, and Purina ONE.
The program drew an audience of approximately 18.7 million viewers in 2008, making it the most watched dog show in the United States.
Show Chairman:

</doc>
<doc id="18607006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607006" title="Kempston and Elstow Halt railway station">
Kempston and Elstow Halt railway station

Kempston & Elstow Halt was a railway station on the Varsity Line which served the Bedfordshire town of Kempston in England. Opened in 1905, it was closed temporarily during both world wars and did not reopen after 1941, being officially closed in 1949.
History.
Kempston & Elstow was one of three halts opened by the London and North Western Railway in 1905 between Stewartby and Bedford. Their opening coincided with the introduction of a steam railmotor on the Varsity Line, and each was conveniently sited alongside a level crossing. Kempston Halt, as it was known until 1908, was constructed close to "Cow Bridge", an old road bridge which carried the present A421 over a tributary of the River Great Ouse. All three halts were opened on the same day and all were simultaneously temporarily closed as a First World War economy measure in 1917, reopening two years later only to close again in 1941 during the Second World War. This time, however, only one - Kempston Hardwick - was to reopen, the others officially closing as from February 1949.
The crossing near the station was manned by a crossing keeper from 1846 to 1868 when the diversion of the road by the Midland Railway led to the removal of the crossing. A railway crossing cottage had been provided for the use of the keeper, and was later used by a porter from Kempston & Elstow Halt.
Present day.
Nothing remains of the halt, yet the crossing keeper's cottage still remains as a private dwelling.

</doc>
<doc id="18607008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607008" title="Dalikdash">
Dalikdash

Dalikdash (, also Romanized as Dalīkdash; also known as Dalīkdāshī) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 223, in 50 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="18607027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607027" title="1974 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1974 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1974 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1974. Galway were playing in their 3rd All-Ireland Final in 4 years but the it wasn't to be third time lucky for the "Tribesmen" as they lost another final, this time to Dublin. The final score was 0-14 to 1-06. The Player of the Year award was awarded to Kevin Heffernan, the first, and only time a manager has received the award so far.

</doc>
<doc id="18607039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607039" title="Johnny Ringo (musician)">
Johnny Ringo (musician)

Johnny Ringo (born Bradley Miller, 1961, Jones Town, Kingston, Jamaica, died Kingston 1 July 2005) was a reggae/dancehall deejay active from the late 1970s to the early 1990s.
Biography.
Ringo worked in a Kingston record shop, where he met Welton Irie, the two enjoying a long association since. He worked as an operator on the "Soul Express" and "Rippa-Tone" sound systems, before being given the chance to record in the late 1970s, and releasing his first single with "Trouble Never Set Like Rain". His recordings became popular in Jamaica, with slack lyrics proving particularly popular. Two notable examples are "Two Lesbians" and "Push Lady Push". In 1982, he had an international reggae hit with "Dub and Lef", which was followed by further Jamaican hits with tracks such as "Pain a Back", "Nah Fight Over Woman", and "Married for the Opportunity". He also contributed the opening track to the album "Superstar Yellowman Has Arrived With Toyan" in 1982. He continued to work on sound systems, "Lees Unlimited" and "Ray Symbolic's Hi Fi", the latter touring internationally with Ringo, Squiddly Ranking, and Welton Irie. He contributed to some of the early live dancehall albums in 1983 and 1984. While touring the UK, he recorded a brace of singles for Fashion Records, and recorded with Sugar Minott. He continued to record until the early 1990s, sometimes credited simply as Ringo.
He died in July 2005, after suffering for some time from cocaine addiction.

</doc>
<doc id="18607049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607049" title="RSVP (board game)">
RSVP (board game)

RSVP was a vertical version of "Scrabble" introduced by Selchow and Righter in 1958 and promoted as "3-D Scrabble". Two players spelled words using cubical tiles with letters on an upright grid board.
"RSVP" was sold in the UK under the Spear's Games label as item #1051 (Copyright 1966 by Production and Marketing Company, 1968 J. W. Spear & Sons Ltd) with the how to play/rules printed inside the box lid.
The playing space is a dark blue vertical frame, held upright by two detachable black feet, with 11 x 11 square holes with 75 wooden block lettered playing pieces available to place within that frame. The letter blocks are similar to regular Scrabble tiles showing a large letter and a small number for their scoring point value (identical on their opposing faces). There are no 'blank' blocks.
From the introduction inside the box lid:
""RSVP" is played on both sides of an upright frame by two players. The object of the game is to form horizontal and vertical words by placing letter blocks in crossword fashion on your side of the frame while blocking the formation of words on the opposite side. It is to each player's advantage to place letter blocks so that they cannot be used by his opponent and, whenever possible, to use letters placed from the opposite side. A total to be played to is determined at the start of the game - usually 100 points."

</doc>
<doc id="18607057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607057" title="Patnam Rajender Reddy Memorial Engineering College">
Patnam Rajender Reddy Memorial Engineering College

Patnam Rajender Reddy Memorial Engineering College (PRRM) is an engineering college in the village of Shabad Mandal, Rangareddy district, Andhra Pradesh, India. The college is from Mehidipatnam, Hyderabad, and lies between Chevella and Shadnagar on the national highway. 
The institute integrates classroom learning with work experience in the industry or in the concerned professional field. During the first year, stress is laid on development of manual skills, communication skills, courses on general education and an introduction to engineering. The institute also encourages students to undergo practical training during the summer vacations.
Patnam Rajender Reddy Memorial Engineering College was founded in November 1998. The first graduates, in 2002, had a pass percentage of 98.6%. The college is affiliated with Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad. PRRM Engineering College is sponsored by the Patnam Rajender Reddy Memorial Engineering College Educational Society, registered under the societies act. The chairman is Dr. Mahender Reddy, an MLA from Tandur.
The college has been approved by the All India Council for Technical Education, New Delhi (vide Lr no: 730-5-276/E/ET/98, dated 9 June 1998) and approved by the government of Andhra Pradesh (vide G.O. Ms no:286, dated 26 August 1998).

</doc>
<doc id="18607065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607065" title="Aylanlu">
Aylanlu

Aylanlu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18607067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607067" title="Camp Myles Standish">
Camp Myles Standish

Camp Myles Standish was a U.S. Army camp located in Taunton, Massachusetts. It functioned as a prisoner-of-war camp, a departure area for about a million U.S. and Allied soldiers; and a candidate site for the United Nations Headquarters, soon after the military camp closed.
History.
The city of Taunton was notified in June 1942 by the War Department that would be taken for use as a military staging area. The design of the layout for the camp was made by the J.F.Worcester Company. The Matthew Cummings Company of Boston received the contract to construct the buildings. The camp opened on October 8, 1942 and was named in honor of Myles Standish who was the first military commander in the Old Colony region. Camp Myles Standish represented the Boston Port of Embarkation where American soldiers as well as soldiers from Canada, Great Britain and Australia process before engaging in the European Theater of World War II.
As the camp functioned as the port of embarkation, a quartermaster was set up so an entire division could be prepared for deployment within a day. Often, divisions would go to Africa or Iceland. This made train traffic understandably chaotic, with trains regularly coming into town from Providence, Rhode Island Springfield, Massachusetts and Boston. The yard itself, run by the New Haven Railroad, contained about ten miles of track.
German soldiers who were captured during the war were detained at this camp. Also, Italian soldiers were detained there as well although they were considered 'co-belligerents' because Italy had surrendered by the time the Italian soldiers arrived at Camp Myles Standish.
The camp closed in January 1946 following World War II. The site of Camp Myles Standish was briefly considered as a possible site for the United Nations.
There are several buildings that were once part of Camp Myles Standish that still remain standing as of 2009.
Redevelopment.
Massachusetts took it over from the federal government to create the Myles Standish State School for the Mentally Retarded. The patients of the institution were housed in the former hospital area for the former army camp. In 1951, Governor Paul A. Dever was instrumental in providing for over two dozen new brick buildings on the south part of the former army camp site as the new campus for the metally retarded patients of the Myles Standish State School. Following the death of former Governor Paul A. Dever, the Myles Standish State School was dedicated in memory of Paul A. Dever.
The City of Taunton acquired over of the former army camp in 1973 for the purpose of constructing a modern industrial park. The Myles Standish Industrial Park has continued to expand and has become one of the most successful industrial parks in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18607075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607075" title="1975 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1975 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1975 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1975. It was to be the start of a long and sometimes bitter rivalry between Kerry and Dublin which dominated the world of Gaelic Football in the late 70's and early 80's. The 1975 encounter was won by Kerry, by 2-11 to 0-12.
Format.
The usual knock-out four-province setup was used. played in the Connacht Senior Football Championship for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="18607084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607084" title="Barrapunto">
Barrapunto

Barrapunto is a Spanish-language Slashdot-like website, founded on 7 June 1999, which is part of a complex social network among Spanish-language websites. In 2006, it was the winner of a 20Blogs Award from the online newspaper "20 minutos", in the category "Mejor comunidad de un blog" (best blog community). The site and its community have also been the subject of both English- and Spanish-language academic research.
The name is derived in the same manner as Slashdot, with the Spanish "http://" pronounced "hache-te-te-pe-dos puntos-barra-barra" and "http://barrapunto.com" pronounced "hache-te-te-pe-dos puntos-barra-barra-barra-punto-punto-com". Barrapunto runs Slash, the open source software used by Slashdot, and materials are published under CC-BY.
Barrapunto was founded by six professionals and teachers in 1999 as a meeting point for the free software community. By 2005 more than half a million comments had been posted and almost 40,000 stories.

</doc>
<doc id="18607088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607088" title="Corima">
Corima

Corima is a French company that designs and produces carbon-composite wheels and frames for road and track cycling, cyclocross racing, triathlon racing, and wheelchair racing.
History.
Corima was founded in 1973 by Pierre Martin and Jean-Marie Riffard in Loriol-sur-Drôme (26) in France. Corima is taken from COoperation RIffard MArtin. Its initial activities were making moulds and models for the foundry, automobile and aeronautics sectors.
In 1988, Corima diversified into carbon composite parts and its first product for cycling : the disc wheel. This was followed by the 4-spoke wheel, the Puma monocoque frame, the Aero wheel, the Ellipse seatpost and others to create a range of carbon products. In 1994, Corima expanded to frames, achieving success with the Puma, an aerodynamic carbon monocoque road frame with a steeply sloping top tube, based on the custom track frame ridden by Chris Boardman in 1993. However, production was discontinued in 1999, due to revised UCI rules that rendered the Puma's geometry inconsistent with racing frame guidelines. This banning from competition meant limited exposure and sponsorships. Corima continued making a track frame with similar geometry and sloping top tube - the Cougar - until it was replaced by the VIF frame.
The Fox was another carbon frame, primarily for triathlon, time trial and track racing. It too incorporated aerodynamic geometry, though different from the Puma and the Cougar.
Two world hour records have been broken on Corima bikes: Chris Boardman in July 1993 and Catherine Marsal in April 1995.
Products.
Corima's current product line include:
Aero: A deep, aerodynamic profile wheel for triathlon and time trial racing.
Winium: A light, shallow profile wheel road racing.
Cyclocross: A light and strong wheel for cyclocross racing.
4-Spoke: A carbon racing wheel with four aerodynamic spokes.
3-Spoke: A carbon racing wheel with three aerodynamic spokes.
Disc: An aerodynamic full face wheel for triathlon and time trial racing.
Wheelchair: A collection of light and aerodynamic wheels for wheelchair racing.
Handisport: A collection of light and aerodynamic wheels for handisport racing.
Lukiwil: A light and aerodynamic wheel for harness racing.
VIF Track Frame: A custom carbon monobloc frame for track racing.

</doc>
<doc id="18607103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607103" title="Summertime (The Maybes? song)">
Summertime (The Maybes? song)

"Summertime" is the third single released by The Maybes? from their debut album, "Promise". It was released on 25 August 2008 on Xtra Mile Recordings as a download and 7" Record.
Track listing.
Download Single
7" Single

</doc>
<doc id="18607105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607105" title="Slav de Hren">
Slav de Hren

Music.
Slav de Hren's music combines jazz, rock and classical music. This is result of work of two musicians: George Marinov is an underground avant-garde guitar player, Svetoslav Bitrakov is an experienced soft-jazz and rock drummer.
History.
Svetoslav Bitrakov played the drums for 5 different bands in the period between 1981 and 1991. Those bands are: “Canon”, “Dilemma”, “New Generation”, “Slaviani” and “Accent”. Lubomir Velev joins Svetoslav Bitrakov in 1991 to form the group “Slav”, which has 6 released albums. During the same period he produceed two more solo albums named "Slavi Bitrakov" in 1993 and "Seconds" in 1996. From 2003 to 2006 he wrote a short stories book named "Magician's Top Hat, Unusual Small Stories". The book is published in a bundle together with Slav de Hre's first album - "Tavata".
George Marinov, together with Dimitar Voev and Pencho Popov, formed the band "Wozzeck and Chugra" in 1985. The band has released 7 albums. The last one is in 1992 named "Bergologia".
In 2007 Svilen Ivanov (Bass) and Petya Dankova (Vocal) joined Slav de Hren for the recording of the second album "Pictures at an Exhibition" - a punk-jazz version of Mussorgsky's piano suite.

</doc>
<doc id="18607106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607106" title="Mercury (train)">
Mercury (train)

Mercury was the name used by the New York Central Railroad for a family of daytime streamliner passenger trains operating between midwestern cities. The "Mercury" train sets were designed by the noted industrial designer Henry Dreyfuss, and are considered a prime example of Art Deco design. The success of the "Mercury" led to Dreyfuss getting the commission for the 1938 redesign of the NYC's flagship, the "20th Century Limited", perhaps the most famous train in America.
The first "Mercury", operating on a daily roundtrip between Cleveland and Detroit, was introduced on July 13, 1936. The "Chicago Mercury", between Chicago and Detroit, and the "Cincinnati Mercury", between Cincinnati and Detroit, followed. The "Mercury"s lasted until the 1950s, with the final survivor, the original "Cleveland Mercury", making its last run on July 11, 1959.
A fourth train, the "James Whitcomb Riley" between Chicago and Cincinnati, used the same design for its train sets and is considered part of the "Mercury" family, although it did not bear the "Mercury" name. The "Riley" debuted in 1941 and lasted into the Amtrak era, though no longer a streamliner.
Design.
In the mid-1930s, the New York Central launched an experiment to enhance its passenger traffic in the midwest. The goal was a new streamlined service focusing on speed and innovation. "Mercury," the name of the Roman god of messengers, was chosen for its connotations of speed. The new train was marketed as the "Train of Tomorrow" (not to be confused with the General Motors concept train of the 1940s), reflecting the emphasis on innovation.
In 1934, Dreyfuss had gained attention for the New York Central with his streamlined design for the "Commodore Vanderbilt" locomotive. This was his first railroad design; he was best known for his work on consumer products like telephones, fountain pens and vacuum cleaners. In 1935, the Central asked him to take on the new project. 
Here is his description of how the plan developed: 
Locomotive and Exterior.
Of Dreyfuss's railroad designs, the locomotives got the most notice, so much so that his work on passenger cars is often overlooked entirely. For the "Mercury", he achieved a streamlined appearance by covering the exterior pipes, whistles, and other fittings in a smooth "bathtub" cowl. The sides of the cowl were cut away to show the driving wheels. 
It has been said that, "As opposed to of his contemporaries, Dreyfuss was not a stylist: he applied common sense and a scientific approach to design problems." However, it can be seen from his treatment of the driving wheels that Dreyfuss was not above paying close attention to merely stylistic, non-functional details. 
The exterior of locomotive and cars was medium gray with brushed aluminum trim. On each side, the passenger cars displayed the "Mercury" logo in the form of a silver medallion, showing the god Mercury in traditional representation with winged cap and sandals.
Interior.
For the "Mercury", Dreyfuss, approached the design of the train as an integrated whole, interior and exterior, from the locomotive to the rear observation car. His goal was to recreate the atmosphere of a private club. His primary concern toward that end was to mitigate the rigid uniformity and long, narrow form of the conventional railroad car. 
Although each car was functionally separate, Dreyfuss's design minimized the divisions between cars. He did this partly by having interior sections that spanned car boundaries. For instance, the coach section comprised the rear of the first car, the whole of the second, and the forward part of the third. The kitchen was in the rear of the third, while the dining room was in the following car.
He also sought to integrate the cars by the design of the vestibules. He made each vestibule semi-circular and widened the passageway between cars to 1.60 meters (5 feet, 3 inches). The intended effect, when cars were coupled together, was of a single circular room, like a miniature rotunda. 
Within cars, Dreyfuss applied several techniques to break up the space and make it less linear. In the second car, for instance, he interrupted the rows of seating by placing two pairs of seats facing each other across the aisle in the middle of the coach section. Similarly, in the sixth, a parlor car, he broke the seating into two sections with a small private compartment, seating six, in between them. The dining room had three sections. Two of them were conventional seating, but the middle section was made up of tables for two people seated side-by-side, facing the center aisle. The dining car also had a small lounge section, seating six, for people waiting to be seated.
Dreyfuss also applied innovation to the round-ended observation car, a common amenity of premier trains of the time. To maximize the view, he lowered the sills in the observation area by 30 cm (12 inches), allowing 1.23 m (four foot) high windows. Instead of having the seating around the walls, facing in, he placed the seating in the center, facing out towards the windows. There were banquettes for three facing each side, and one for two facing the rear. In an extra touch, a speedometer was built into the center banquette, a reminder of how the Central was marketing speed with the "Mercury".
Original Train Set.
The original, Dreyfuss-designed "Mercury" train set comprised nine cars:
Operation.
Revenue service for the "Cleveland Mercury" began on July 15, 1936, following a publicity tour. It proved so popular that the "Chicago Mercury" was introduced in November 1939. Two train sets serviced these trains, but the schedule was such that one train set began the day in Cleveland, ran to Detroit as the "Cleveland Mercury", and ran from Detroit to Chicago as the "Chicago Mercury", while the other set did the reverse run (the eastbound "Chicago Mercury" arrived in Detroit after its westbound counterpart had left, so the NYC would have needed an extra train set, if it had not shared sets across trains). The Cleveland run was on a 2:50 hour schedule and the Chicago run took 4:45.
The James Whitcomb Riley was introduced on April 28, 1941, running between Cincinnati and Chicago on a 5:15 hour schedule. It was named after the popular poet because of his association with Indiana and Americana. The equipment was basically the same as the other "Mercurys", although it was an all-coach train. The "Cincinnati Mercury", running between Cincinnati and Detroit on a 6:30 schedule, followed the "Riley" into service.
The "Cincinnati Mercury" was the first to fall as rail service contracted, ending in 1956. It was replaced by the light-weight "Xplorer" in a brief experiment. The "Chicago Mercury" was combined with the Wolverine in 1958. The "Cleveland Mercury" was discontinued on July 11, 1958. The "Riley" was retained, although it was no longer a streamliner. In 1971, Amtrak combined the "Riley" with the "George Washington". The combined service was renamed "the Cardinal" in 1977, which is still running to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="18607114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607114" title="Laszlo B. Kish">
Laszlo B. Kish

Laszlo Bela Kish (né: László Bela Kiss) is a physicist and professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Texas A&M University. His activities include a wide range of issues surrounding the physics and technical applications of stochastic fluctuations (noises) in physical, biological and technological systems, including nanotechnology. His earlier "long-term positions" include the Department of Experimental Physics, University of Szeged, Hungary (JATE, 1982–1997), and Angstrom Laboratory, Uppsala University, Sweden (1997–2001). During the same periods he had also conducted scientific research in short-term positions, such as at the Eindhoven University of Technology (Netherlands, 1986, 1997), University of Cologne (Germany, 1989, 1990), National Research Laboratory of Metrology (Japan, 1991), University of Birmingham (United Kingdom, 1993), and others.
Education.
He received his MS in physics from Attila József University (JATE), Hungary, 1980; and Doctoral degree in Solid State Physics, at JATE in 1984. He had no official PhD adviser, though his mentors were Laszlo Vize and Miklos Torok. He received a Docent in Solid State Physics (habilitation) from Uppsala University, Sweden in 1994. He received a Doctor of Science (Physics), from the Hungarian Academy of Sciences in 2001.
Research.
His main areas of interest have been related to stochastic fluctuations (noise), especially those related to the relevant laws, limits and applications, including the addressing of new or open questions, or exposing fashionable misconceptions. He has/had been working in many related fields, (see his list of publications) such as 1/f noise and its models, stochastic resonance, high-Tc superconductors, noise at percolation and biased percolation, nanoparticles and their lognormal size distribution, self-organized criticality, universal conductance fluctuations, the error–speed–power dissipation issues of physical informatics, noise as information and information carrier, chemical and biological sensing, secure communication, unconventional computation, vibration-induced fluctuation analysis of soils, electronic device noise vs its degradation, weight fluctuations of memory devices during/after writing/deletion of information, etc. He has often played the role of a critic. His inventions and co-inventions include "fluctuation-enhanced sensing", "SEPTIC method" (prompt bacterium detection), secure communication with Johnson-like noise ("Kish cypher"), "speed–error–energy limits of computers", "zero-signal-power communication", "information theoretically secure computer hardware", "noise-based logic", "Electrical noise engines" and others.
Public activity.
He was the founding editor-in-chief of "Fluctuation and Noise Letters" (2001–2008), where he is currently Honorary Editor (2009–present). Kish is the founder of the international conference series "Unsolved Problems of Noise" (held at various locations at every 3rd years since 1996 when he chaired the first meeting). He is co-founder of SPIE's international conference series "Fluctuations and Noise" (with D. Abbott) and the "Hot Topics of Physical Informatics" (HotPI) conference series (with David K. Ferry and He Wen). He coauthored the HTML document available for download from the internet, "The Dancer and the Piper: Resolving Problems with Government Research Contracting".
Honors.
He was the recipient of the year 2001 Benzelius Prize of the Royal Society of Science of Sweden for his activities on "fluctuation-enhanced chemical sensing". In 2011, he received the title of Honorary Doctor ("Honoris Causa") from Uppsala University, Sweden for his achievement in "research and technical applications of random fluctuations and noise." In 2012, he received the title of Honorary Doctor ("Honoris Causa") from the University of Szeged for his "outstanding research work and achievements."

</doc>
<doc id="18607118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607118" title="1976 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1976 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1976 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1976. The final was a repeat of the previous year's encounter, between Kerry and Dublin. Dublin exacted revenge for their 8 point defeat in '75, beating Kerry by 7 points, 3-8 to 0-10.

</doc>
<doc id="18607122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607122" title="Eidsvik Skipsbyggeri">
Eidsvik Skipsbyggeri

Eidsvik Skipsbyggeri is a small shipyard in Kvinnherad, Norway. The yard has mainly been building fishing vessels, but is now preparing to build its first offshore vessel, a platform supply vessel.

</doc>
<doc id="18607135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607135" title="All Things Real">
All Things Real

All Things Real is the debut album by English singer-songwriter Steve Adey. The album was released on March 6, 2006, through Grand Harmonium Records. The album comprises original compositions, plus covers of Bob Dylan's Shelter from the Storm and Will Oldham's I See a Darkness.
The song "Mississippi" was written about American singer Jeff Buckley,
while the song "Mary Margaret O'Hara" is a tribute to Canadian singer/actress Mary Margaret O'Hara.
Two singles from the album were released; "Find The Way" which included two new acoustic versions of Find The Way and Mississippi and "Mississippi: Remixed", a download-only EP featuring Kramer, Sweet Billy Pilgrim and A Marble Calm. The A Marble Calm remix was also released on 12" vinyl through Tonefloat Records).

</doc>
<doc id="18607144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607144" title="Chahal, Guatemala">
Chahal, Guatemala

Chahal is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Alta Verapaz. The name originates from the Mayans.

</doc>
<doc id="18607151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607151" title="Timo Heinze">
Timo Heinze

Timo Heinze (born 23 February 1986 in Rosenheim, Bavaria) is a German retired footballer who last played for Fortuna Köln.
Career.
Heinze began his career with SC Westerndorf before joining TSV 1860 Rosenheim. In 1998, After six years with TSV 1860 Rosenheim he signed a youth contract with FC Bayern Munich and was promoted to the reserve team in 2004. In 2009, Heinze left FC Bayern Munich the club and signed for local rivals SpVgg Unterhaching on a three year contract. He left the club after one year. After a year without a club, he signed for Fortuna Köln in 2011. He retired after the season.
International career.
Heinze is former Germany national youth football team member and played 23 games.
Personal life.
Heinze was born in Rosenheim, Bavaria. Heinze wrote a book called "Injury time. An unfinished football career."

</doc>
<doc id="18607153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607153" title="7th Regiment">
7th Regiment

7th Regiment, or 7th Infantry Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18607159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607159" title="Waud (name)">
Waud (name)

Waud is a surname shared by several notable people, among them being:

</doc>
<doc id="18607164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607164" title="Georg Niedermeier">
Georg Niedermeier

Georg Niedermeier (born 26 February 1986 in Munich) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for VfB Stuttgart.
Career.
Bayern Munich.
Niedermeier had played for Bayern Munich's reserve team since 2003, when he played his first match in a 0–0 draw against Augsburg on 18 October. Niedermeier previously played for SC Bogenhausen in a youth team before joining Bayern Munich at age nine. 
In 2008, Niedermeier was given a captain's armband in an opening game of the season against FC Union Berlin, with a 2–1 victory. Also in the same year, he became involved with the first team, when he made his professional debut. He was an unused substitute for Bundesliga games against Hamburger SV and Borussia Dortmund in August 2008, and later against Olympique Lyonnais in the UEFA Champions League. In January 2009, Niedermeier signed a new deal, keeping him until 2012.
VfB Stuttgart.
On 30 January 2009, he was loaned to VfB Stuttgart until June 2010, in order to gain first team experience. After the move, Niedermeier said that he had more opportunity tp play here (Stuttgart). Two days later on 1 February 2009, Niedermeier made his debut in a Bundesliga match in a 2–0 win over Karlsruher SC. In his first half of his season at Stuttgart, he would make four more appearances due to suffering an ankle injury. 
The following season, Niedermeier scored his first goal of his career with a header, in a 1–1 draw against Borussia Dortmund on 28 August 2009. In the Stuttgart's Champion League campaign, Niedermeier made his Champions League debut on Matchday five, in a 2–0 victory over Rangers, and another appearance in the last 16 second leg, in a 4–0 loss against defending champion Barcelona. During this season, Niedermeier made a few more appearances than the previous season. In the second half of the season on 11 February 2010, Niedermeier signed a contract with Stuttgart until June 2014 and moved permanently to VfB.
The following season was becoming more important for Niedermeier, as he was able to make more playing time in the first team, thanks to newly manager Bruno Labbadia and forming a central defense partnership with Mathieu Delpierre. Niedermeier scored his first goal of the season in a 7–0 thrash win over Borussia Mönchengladbach on 18 September 2010. During the season, Niedermeier made his Europa League debut in a 3–0 win over Young Boys. In the first round of Europa League in the first leg, Niedermeier once played in defensive midfield, after coming on as a substitute, in a 2–1 loss against Benfica. Eventually, Stuttgart would lose again, being eliminated from the Europa League.
The following season, Niedermeier continued to retain his first team status once again, having retained it in the previous season, despite suffering an injury at the start of the season. In a 2–2 draw against Werder Bremen on 23 September 2012, he played in a striker role after coming on for Shinji Okazaki and shortly after, he set up a goal for Cacau to make it 2–2, which was the final result. In the first game of the Europa League group stage, Niedermeier scored his first goal in a 2–2 draw against Steaua București. Niedermeier extended his contract with VfB Stuttgart on 9 January 2013 until June 2016.
International career.
Niedermeier played for Germany U17 national team, winning fourteen caps.

</doc>
<doc id="18607171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607171" title="Nathaniel Wood">
Nathaniel Wood

Nathaniel Wood, Sr., was the leader of a sect called the New Israelites, which was formed in Middletown, Rutland County, Vermont at the end of the 1790s. Wood emigrated from Newent Parish in Norwich, Connecticut to Bennington, Vermont. From Bennington he moved to Rutland County in 1761. Wood may have been influenced by the Newent Separates of Norwich, who believed in perfectionist immortalism and spiritual wifery, and the preaching of Rev. Joel Benedict, who taught that Hebrew was the angelic tongue. Wood was excommunicated from the local Congregationalist church in 1789. Subsequently, he began to preach to small meetings whose attendees were mostly family and relatives.
Wood claimed literal descent from the Ten Lost Tribes of Israel and to possess the powers of revelation. After coming into contact with a treasure seer by the name of Justus Winchell, the New Israelites commenced looking for buried treasure and embarked on the construction of a temple. The group employed the divining rod for both treasure hunting and other forms of revelation. It was suspected that these efforts masked a counterfeiting operation. Wood predicted the arrival of a "Destroying Angel" that would bring down plagues and earthquakes upon the "gentiles." For this reason one might arguably call the New Israelites a Millennarian group. The locals were so alarmed that on the night in question the militia was called out. When this apocalypse failed to occur, Wood and his family moved to Ellisburg, Lawrence County, New York. This event was subsequently known as the "Wood Scrape."

</doc>
<doc id="18607174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607174" title="Holger Badstuber">
Holger Badstuber

Holger Felix Badstuber (; born 13 March 1989) is a German footballer who plays as a centre back for Bayern Munich in the Bundesliga and the German national team. He is primarily a centre back, although he is a capable left back. He made his debut in the 2009–10 season in the Bundesliga, at the age of 19, playing nearly every game that year and helped the club win the league and cup double and reached the Champions League final that same year, before eventually earning a call up to the World Cup in 2010. Current Netherlands coach Louis van Gaal stated that he is the best left footed defender in Germany.
Club career.
From 2002 to 2007, he progressed through the youth setup at Bayern Munich. He played for Bayern's reserve team before signing professional terms in July 2009, along with team-mate Thomas Müller, having been an unused substitute in a number of first-team matches in the 2008–09 season. He made his debut in the first league game of the 2009–10 season, against Hoffenheim and has been a regular in defence. He scored his first senior goal, a powerful free kick, against Borussia Mönchengladbach on 4 December 2009. A centre back by trade, he has been playing out of position at left back. The youngster impressed in his first season, and started all league games save one in the 2009–10 Bundesliga season.
On 4 February 2010, Bayern Munich announced that Badstuber had signed a new contract that would keep him at the club until 2014.
Throughout the 2010–11 season with Bayern, Badstuber endured a tumultuous relationship with coach Louis van Gaal, who despite stating that he has high trust in Badstuber, strongly criticized him following a number of poor performances. As a result of his poor form he found himself out of the starting eleven several times throughout the season. With the arrival of Jupp Heynckes however, he was reinstated at the left of central defense, where he has enjoyed a fruitful relationship with fellow international Jerome Boateng, and helped Bayern maintain 11 clean sheets in a row. Additionally, he was integral to the Bayern Munich defensive line which lead the team to the 2012 UEFA Champions League Final, beating Real Madrid, Napoli and Manchester City along the way, before losing out to English side Chelsea in the final.
He spent most of the 2012–13 season out injured with a ruptured knee ligament.
On 3 February 2013, Badstuber signed a contract extension with Bayern, keeping him at the club until 2017.
International career.
2010 World Cup.
He was first called up to the senior team as part of the provisional squad for the 2010 World Cup. He made his debut in a warm-up match against Hungary on 29 May coming on as a substitute for Arne Friedrich, and was for the first time in the starting lineup in the next game against Bosnia and Herzegovina, the last friendly prior to the World Cup. Badstuber was then selected in Germany's 23-man squad for the world cup finals in South Africa on 1 June, and being handed the squad number 14 shirt by coach Joachim Löw. He started in Germany's opening group game against Australia at the Durban Stadium, playing the full 90 minutes at left-back and helping the team to a 4–0 victory, it was only his third match in the Germany jersey. Badstuber then started the next group game against Serbia on 18 June 2010 in Port Elizabeth at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium. He played 77 minutes, prior to being substituted for fellow Bayern team mate Mario Gómez. He was criticised for his performance and lost his leftback position in the starting lineup to Jerome Boateng for the rest of the tournament, the 1–0 loss against the Serbs was – so far – the only match in which Badstuber played and Germany lost.
Euro 2012.
After the erratic World Cup, Badstuber improved his performances with consistency and established himself as a starting lineup defender in Löw's team. He helped Germany to win all 10 matches of the Mannschaft's qualification campaign for Euro 2012 to top group A by playing nine out of a possible ten matches, he was only spared in the – for qualification irrelevant – last match against Belgium. During the campaign Badstuber scored his first goal, the 5–1 against Azerbaijan, he headed home a corner kick by Mesut Özil. In a friendly 3–3 draw on 11 November 2011 against Ukraine, in the international inauguration match of the new Kiev Olympic Stadion, Löw's experimental formation featured only three defenders, Badstuber was as named the single centre back, this was interpreted as a signal that out of many possible candidates Badstuber has established himself as Löw's most important player in Germany's central defense.
Badstuber started the first game for Germany in UEFA Euro 2012 helping the team to a clean sheet against Portugal in which the Germans won 1–0.

</doc>
<doc id="18607179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607179" title="Hellesøy Verft">
Hellesøy Verft

Hellesøy Verft is a small shipyard in Kvinnherad, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="18607181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607181" title="Deniz Yılmaz">
Deniz Yılmaz

Deniz Yılmaz (born 26 February 1988 in Neu-Ulm, West Germany) is a Turkish footballer who currently plays for Elazığspor. He was also a member of several Turkey national youth football teams.
He began his career with Bayern Munich, and made his debut for the reserve team in August 2005, as a substitute for Daniel Sikorski in a 0–0 draw with VfR Aalen. From the 2007–08 season, Yılmaz established himself as a regular in Bayern's reserve team, and was named in the first-team squad for the 2008–09 Champions League. He was named on the subs bench for the first time in a Bundesliga game against VfL Wolfsburg in October 2008. This proved to be his last involvement with Bayern's team, however, despite finishing as the top scorer for the second string in 2009–10, with thirteen goals. He was joint top scorer the following year, along with Boy Deul and Steffen Wohlfarth, but each player only managed six goals and Bayern II were relegated from the 3. Liga in last place.
In July 2011, Yılmaz joined 1. FSV Mainz 05, and made his Bundesliga debut six months later, in a 3–2 defeat to Bayer Leverkusen. He made one more appearance for Mainz in the 2011–12 season, and joined 2. Bundesliga side SC Paderborn 07 on loan for the 2012–13 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18607185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607185" title="Smash Cut">
Smash Cut

Smash Cut is a 2009 Canadian slasher film released by Odessa Filmworks and Zed Filmworks, distributed by Imagination Worldwide LLC. Lee Demarbre directs this film, which is produced by Robert Menzies.
Plot.
Television news celebrity April Carson (Grey), working for station manager Fred Sandy (Lewis, in a cameo appearance), turns to the services of private investigator Isaac Beaumonde (Jesse Buck) to seek her missing sister, a stripper known as Gigi Spot (Jennilee Murray). Carson assumes a role in a horror movie in the process, eventually learning that the movie's director, Able Whitman (Hess), is not only the culprit, but that he has rendered her sister's body into props for the production. Whitman then requires more "props" for his film, which means more body parts, which in turn requires a killing spree. Meanwhile, detective Beaumonde pursues an increasingly deadly and grisly case.
Production.
Filming was conducted between 9 May and 4 June 2008 in Ottawa, Ontario at area locations including the Mayfair Theatre and Rockland, Ontario.
"Smash Cut" features actors Sasha Grey, David Hess ("The Last House on the Left"), Michael Berryman ("The Hills Have Eyes") and Ray Sager ("The Wizard of Gore"). This film presented Grey, an adult film performer, in her first non-pornographic role. Herschell Gordon Lewis, considered the inventor of the splatter film genre, is seen in the film's opening advising the audience to "watch if you must".
The film's investors were concerned that "Smash Cut" would be hindered by the proposed Income Tax Amendments Act, 2006 law (Bill C-10) that could restrict tax benefits for films whose content the federal government deemed objectionable. These concerns were particularly prompted by the casting of Sasha Grey, but director Lee Demarbre retorted, "I don't want to make a porn movie. I want to make a movie with Sasha Grey. I want to take her right out of the porn genre."
Presentations.
The film was first shown on 18 July 2009 in Montreal at the Fantasia Festival. Another showing was scheduled at the London FrightFest Film Festival in the United Kingdom on 29 August 2009. Canadian premieres in 2009 included Toronto on 15 October and Ottawa on 20 November.

</doc>
<doc id="18607186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607186" title="City Park Golf">
City Park Golf

City Park Golf is a historic 18-hole regulation golf course located north of City Park, Denver. 

</doc>
<doc id="18607207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607207" title="The Steel Mirror">
The Steel Mirror

The Steel Mirror is a spy novel by Donald Hamilton.
Plot summary.
Chemist John Emmett hitches a ride with a beautiful woman who might be a murderer.
Film adaptation.
Filmed as "5 Steps to Danger" in 1957 starring Ruth Roman and Sterling Hayden.

</doc>
<doc id="18607208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607208" title="Toney">
Toney

Toney is a surname, and may refer to:
It may also refer to places:

</doc>
<doc id="18607211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607211" title="Robert Nesheim">
Robert Nesheim

Robert O. Nesheim (1921 – July 19, 2008) was an American nutritionist for Quaker Oats. During his time he worked for Quaker he helped develop cereals such as Cap'n Crunch and Life. He worked with the brand from 1952 to 1983. He briefly taught at his alma mater, the University of Illinois, in the 1960s.
After working with Quaker, he worked on improving food guidelines for the healthcare industry and the military. Nesheim served with Nevin S. Scrimshaw and others on the Food and Nutrition Board of the National Academy of Sciences in 1974 when the Committee on Amino Acids reported. 
Nesheim retired in 1998. He suffered from prostate cancer for several years. Nesheim died on July 19, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18607213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607213" title="Teofil Adamecki">
Teofil Adamecki

Teofil Adamecki (born 1886-1969 in Bielsko-Biała) was a Polish lawyer and activist.
He graduated in law at Vienna University. Adamecki was a member of "Rada Narodowa Księstwa Cieszyńskiego" (National Council of the Duchy of Cieszyn), a local Polish self-government council set to temporarily manage the area before the decision concerning the future of Cieszyn Silesia. Later he became director the Chamber of Commerce and Industry and Chamber of Izba Welny in Bielsko. From 1933 to 1939 Adamecki was president of the Bielsko branch of the Polish Tourist Association.
After World War II he was one of the founders and first president of the "Towarzystwo Miłośników Ziemi Bielsko-Bialskiej" (Association of Friends of Bielsko-Biała Land).

</doc>
<doc id="18607222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607222" title="Steve Adey discography">
Steve Adey discography

This is a list of released recordings by English singer, songwriter Steve Adey. To date, Adey has released two studio albums and various EPs and singles.

</doc>
<doc id="18607229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607229" title="Battle of Agounennda">
Battle of Agounennda

The Battle of Agounennda was an engagement of the Algerian War fought 23–25 May 1957 between the French 3rd Colonial Parachute Regiment under Lieutenant Colonel Marcel Bigeard and FLN’s Commando 41 (‘Ali Khodja’) under Si Azzedine. Bigeard and his regiment were sent to hunt down the Commando after it had carried out several successful ambushes against French units. They met at Agounennda where the French paratroopers tried to ambush the FLN force, but the FLN discovered the French and instead concentrated their force against an outlying French company. 
Bigeard managed to redeploy and surround the FLN force; it withdrew successfully albeit with heavy casualties. However, the French were unable to recover large caches of weapons - the FLN having taken them off the field. The battle altered FLN tactics, reminding them that they were unable to meet the French in open battle. Conversely, it gave the French renewed confidence in a military victory. However, sceptics on both sides saw it as evidence that neither faction would ever gain ascendancy in the other's arena. The FLN avoided military combat with the French, relying on guerilla warfare.
Background.
In early May 1957, Commando 41 (‘Ali Khodja’) of the Algerian National Liberation Front (FLN) routed a Spahi unit, killing 60 men while only losing 7 men themselves. Roughly two weeks later, on 21 May, the same unit ambushed a detachment of the 5th Algerian Tirailleur Battalion near Médéa. A captain and 15 "tirailleurs" were killed in the engagement, while others where persuaded to defect, the FLN only lost 1 killed and 2 wounded.
Lieutenant Colonel Marcel Bigeard and his 3rd Colonial Parachute Regiment (3e RPC) - recently returned from successful operations in Algiers - were tasked with hunting down the unit and stopping it. French intelligence suggested that the unit would move west, tasked with escorting commanders of Wilya 4 to a rendezvous with other FLN forces near Médéa. Bigeard decided to ambush Commando 41 on their way and picked Agounenda on the Oued Boulbane, a known FLN route. Bigeard and the 3e RPC was transported by truck from their base at Sidi Ferruch to Hill 895, where they arrived by 01:30 on 23 May. From there Bigeard and his 700 paratroopers made a cold, 4-hour night approach march under strict noise and light discipline. Before dawn the paratroopers was in place and concealed. The Headquarters and mortars were on Hill 1298; the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Companies and the Reconnaissance Squadron on foot were spread over 10 km on four crests overlooking the enemy’s probable route. The 4th and Support Companies were in reserve, while helicopters and ground-attack aircraft were on stand-by at Médéa.
Battle.
At 10:30 the most northerly and exposed company, the 3rd “Blue” Company under Captain Llamby, radioed in that they had sighted a large FLN force approaching his position above the north bank of the Oued Boulbane from the east; the company opened fire at 10:45. The forewarned Si Azzedine, leading a column of at least three companies, was attempting to outflank the 3rd Company from the north. Captain Llamby and his 100 men, outnumbered three to one, came under intense pressure.
The helicopters in reserve at Médéa were already on their way, Bigeard ordered the Support Company to be lifted onto the high ground north of 3rd Company. The first sticks jumped from the helicopters at 10:55 and the whole Support Company was in action by 11:30. Meanwhile 1st and 2nd Companies force-marched on foot to support the 3rd Company, helicopters lifted the unengaged Reconnaissance Squadron and 4th Company to a position slightly northeast of the battle between 3rd Company and the FLN force.
The FLN force took the low-lying Oued Boulbane, but was dominated from higher ground by the French paratroopers: 3rd, 4th and Support Companies from the north of it and 1st and 2nd Companies plus the Headquarters from the south. In a series of running battles over an area of some 30 square kilometres that lasted 48 hours, Commando 41 and at least two other katibas made several vigorous counterattacks which came to hand-to-hand fighting. Despite support from tactical aircraft, the paratroopers were too thinly stretched to maintain a tight cordon; around 200 FLN fighters managed to slip away through the cracks.
Aftermath.
The FLN left behind 96 dead and 12 prisoners, but managed to withdraw with most of their wounded, while the French paratroopers lost 8 killed and 29 wounded, they also managed to free 5 prisoners. The French were also unable to recover large caches of weapons - the FLN having taken their guns with them. Despite the high FLN casualties, the French only recovered 45 weapons from the battlefield. The French was encouraged by the success air portability on the battlefield. The FLN on the other hand learned that large-scale engagements in the heart of the country had to be avoided at all costs.
Other observers draw more pessimistic conclusions for the French, because if an elite unit like the 3rd Colonial Parachute Regiment with a great commander like Marcel Bigeard failed to score a total victory on their own terms was there much hope of winning at all.

</doc>
<doc id="18607235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607235" title="Sunny Valley, Oregon">
Sunny Valley, Oregon

Sunny Valley is an unincorporated community in Josephine County, Oregon, United States. Sunny Valley lies at just east of exit number 71, the Sunny Valley exit, on Interstate 5.

</doc>
<doc id="18607236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607236" title="George Lawrence Record">
George Lawrence Record

George Lawrence Record (1859 - September 27, 1933) was an American lawyer and unsuccessful candidate for Governor of New Jersey and United States Senator.
Biography.
He was born in Auburn, Maine in 1859. Republican candidate for the New Jersey Senate, 1901; Republican candidate for New Jersey General Assembly, 1908; Republican candidate for U.S. Representative from New Jersey, 1910; delegate to Republican National Convention from New Jersey, 1912; Presidential Elector for New Jersey, 1916; candidate for U.S. Senator from New Jersey, 1918 (Republican primary), 1924 (Progressive). He died from a cerebral hemorrhage on September 27, 1933 in the State Street Hospital in Portland, Maine. He was buried in New York Bay Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18607241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607241" title="Anne DeMarinis">
Anne DeMarinis

Anne DeMarinis is a musician and artist. She is a former member of Sonic Youth.
Sonic Youth.
Anne DeMarinis was in the alternative rock band Sonic Youth, for a very brief period in 1981 as a keyboardist. She contributed vocals, along with Kim Gordon, and Thurston Moore, on three (known) Sonic Youth songs performed once, and only live on June 18, 1981. The songs are entitled "Noisefest #1", "Noisefest #2", and "Noisefest #3". She also played guitar at that same show on the song entitled "Noisefest #4". She left the band before their self-titled debut EP was recorded in December 1981.
Other works.
DeMarinis has also designed album covers.
In 1981, she appeared on the "Just Another Asshole" compilation. Many of her other band mates from Sonic Youth appear on that album as well.
Anne also appears on Glenn Branca's instrumental album "Symphony No. 1". She is credited for keyboards, and percussion and as a co-producer. Thurston Moore, and Lee Ranaldo also appear on this album.
In 1981 she founded the band Inteference with David Linton and Michael Brown.
She also appears on "Ten Roir Years", Thurston Moore and Lee Ranaldo appear on this album as well.
She also works with Laurie Anderson on her album's "United States Live", and "".
She appears on the cover compilation album "", she plays the accordion on this album.
In 1993, she plays accordion Kurt Hoffman's Band of Weeds.
She plays accordion on the album "Dot" by George Cartwright.
In 1994, she is credited for playing accordion on the album "To All My Friends in Far-Flung Places" by Dave Van Ronk.
She is credited on two of Robert Een's albums "Big Joe" (1995), and "Mr.Jealousy" (1998).
Anne is credited as the "Art Director" on Michael Davis' album "Trumpets Eleven", and on his album "Brass Nation".
She plays the accordion, and is also the art director on the album "Smoke and Mirrors" by Steven Elson.
In 2007, she appears on Dave Solider's "Chamber Music" CD.

</doc>
<doc id="18607243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607243" title="CCNS">
CCNS

CCNS may refer to:"

</doc>
<doc id="18607256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607256" title="1978 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1978 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1978 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1978. After Dublin winning back-to-back titles in 1976 & 1977, Kerry stormed back to win the 1978 Championship, thrashing Dublin in the final by 17 points. It was also the start of Kerry's unprecedented "Four In A Row" of All-Ireland titles.

</doc>
<doc id="18607260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607260" title="1998 in Paraguayan football">
1998 in Paraguayan football

The following article presents a summary of the 1998 football (soccer) season in Paraguay.
results.
Torneo Apertura.
The Apertura tournament was played in a single all-play-all system. At the end, the top eight teams qualified to a playoff stage to determine the Apertura champion.
Apertura playoff stage.
The top eight teams qualified to this stage and were given bonus points based on their final standing in the table. Two groups of four teams were made, with the top two of each group advancing to a playoff stage.
Group stage.
Group A
Group B
Apertura final.
Olimpia wins the Apertura tournament final by aggregate score of 3-1.
Torneo Clausura.
The Clausura tournament was played in a single all-play-all system. At the end, the top eight teams qualified to a playoff stage to determine the Clausura champion.
"*" Nacional finished in the top eight but their average points over three years forced the team to be relegated so they did not take part of the playoff stage. San Lorenzo took their place instead.
Clausura playoff stage.
The top eight teams qualified to this stage and were given bonus points based on their final standing in the table. Two groups of four teams were made, with the top two of each group advancing to a playoff stage. San Lorenzo replaced Nacional in the playoff stage due to Nacional being relegated to the second division.
Group stage.
Group A
Group B
Clausura final.
Cerro P. wins the Clausura tournament final on penalty shootout 4-3.
National championship game.
The national championship game was played between the Apertura and Clausura tournaments winners.
Olimpia declared as national champions by aggregate score of 5-3.
Paraguay national team.
The following table lists all the games played by the Paraguay national football team in official competitions during 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18607266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607266" title="Frank Moreno">
Frank Moreno

Frank Esteban Moreno García (born November 17, 1965 in Matanzas) is a retired Cuban judoka, who represented his native country twice at the Summer Olympics. He won several medals during his career at the Pan American Games in the Men's Heavyweight (+ 95 kg) division.

</doc>
<doc id="18607272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607272" title="German submarine U-714">
German submarine U-714

German submarine "U-714" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" built for service during World War II. She was laid down on 29 December 1941 by HC Stulcken at Hamburg and commissioned on 10 February 1943. She was commanded throughout her career by Hans-Joachim Schwebcke.
Fate.
She was sunk 14 March 1945 near Eyemouth in the Firth of Forth at position by depth charges from the South African frigate HMSAS "Natal". was granted a share of the credit for this kill as well. She had a complement of 50 crew, and was lost with all hands.
The wreck was identified in 2007 by nautical archaeologist Innes McCartney. She was designated as a "protected place" under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986 in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18607277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607277" title="Shiba P. Chatterjee">
Shiba P. Chatterjee

Shiba Prasad Chatterjee (February 22, 1903 – February 27, 1989) was a Professor of Geography at the University of Calcutta. He was the President of the International Geographical Union from 1964 to 1968, and suggested the name Meghalaya for one of the states in India. Chatterjee received a Murchison Award in 1959, and the Padma Bhushan in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18607295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607295" title="Mahdi Iraqi">
Mahdi Iraqi

Mahdi Iraqi (1930 – 13 August 1979) () was a founder of Fadayan-e Islam. He and a friend had participated in Hassan-Ali Mansur's terror, and he was kept in prison during the Shah's regime until the Iranian Revolution. After the revolution he was in charge of Qasr Prison, the prison from which he had recently been freed. He was assassinated by the Forqan Organization on 13 August 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18607303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607303" title="1979 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1979 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1979 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1979. It was another final decider between Kerry & Dublin. Kerry matched their dominance of the previous year's final by beating Dublin by 3-13 to 1-08. It was the second part of Kerry's "Four In A Row" of all All-Ireland titles

</doc>
<doc id="18607308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607308" title="Association for Preserving Liberty and Property against Republicans and Levellers">
Association for Preserving Liberty and Property against Republicans and Levellers

The Association for Preserving Liberty and Property against Republicans and Levellers was founded on 20 November 1792 by John Reeves at the Crown and Anchor tavern in the Strand, London. 
The Association was "staggeringly successful, outstripping even the Constitutional societies", with more than 2,000 local branches established before long. They disrupted radical meetings, attacked printers of Thomas Paine's works, initiated prosecutions for sedition and published loyalist pamphlets. The Crown and Anchor association met for the final time on 21 June 1793. These loyalist associations mostly disappeared within a year "after successfully suppressing the organizations of their opponents".

</doc>
<doc id="18607309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607309" title="Devil Masami">
Devil Masami

Masami Yoshida (born January 7, 1962) is a Japanese professional wrestler best known for her appearances in All Japan Women's Pro Wrestling, GAEA Japan and JWP Joshi Puroresu under the name Devil Masami. She is a member of the All Japan Women's Pro Wrestling Hall of Fame, being inducted in 1998.
Professional wrestling career.
All Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling (1978-1995).
Masami debuted on August 21, 1978.
She began teaming with Tarantula in 1981, winning the WWWA World Tag Team Championship on August 10, 1982 and vacating the title shortly thereafter in early 1983. On April 1, 1984, she defeated Judy Martin to win the vacated All Pacific Championship. Masami vacated on December 12, 1985 after winning the vacated WWWA World Championship in a match against Dump Matsumoto. She held that title until August 23, 1986, losing it to Yukari Omori.
GAEA Japan (1995-2005).
She then began working for GAEA Japan. On November 2, 1996 in Singapore, Chigusa Nagayo defeated Masami in a match to crown the first AAAW Single Champion. Masami, however, defeated Nagayo for the title on November 20, 1997, holding it until August 23, 1998, when Nagayo defeated her to regain the title.
On September 20, 1997 in Kawasaki, Japan, she defeated Zero (Chigusa Nagayo) for World Championship Wrestling's vacant WCW Women's Championship. The title, however, was abandoned after GAEA and WCW ceased their working relationship.
On February 11, 2003 she teamed with Aja Kong to defeat the team of Meiko Satomura and Ayako Hamada for the AAAW Tag Team Championship. They held the title until they were defeated by Chikayo Nagashima and Meiko Satomura on September 23 of that year.
All Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling (2005-2008).
Masami wrestled in the main event of AJW's final card on April 17, 2005, teaming up with Amazing Kong to defeat Kyoko Inoue and Misae Genki.
Masami announced in 2007 that she would retire from wrestling in 2008 after thirty years in the business. Her retirement match was on December 30, 2008 where she teamed up with Dynamite Kansai and Carlos Amano to lose to Aja Kong, Toshie Uematsu, and Ran Yu-Yu, when Uematsu pinned Masami with a Dragon Suplex.

</doc>
<doc id="18607332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607332" title="Pine Grove, Klamath County, Oregon">
Pine Grove, Klamath County, Oregon

Pine Grove is an unincorporated community in Klamath County, Oregon, United States. Pine Grove lies south of Oregon Route 140 just east of its interchange with Oregon Route 39 near Altamont.

</doc>
<doc id="18607338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607338" title="Hozan Canê">
Hozan Canê

Hozan Canê (born 1971) is a contemporary Kurdish singer. She was born in the region of Karayazı in Erzurum province, Kurdistan. After elementary school, she moved to Adana and Istanbul to continue her studies. Then she attended ASM and "Arif Sag" music schools and studied singing under supervision of "Ferqîn Şiyar" and "Kazim Bora" for three years. Since childhood she was following music programs broadcast by the Kurdish radio of Yerevan and she came under the influence of renowned singers such as Ayşe Şan and "Meryem Xan". Due to her activities in Kurdish music, she was arrested, imprisoned and tortured many times by the Turkey's police. She was arrested in a concert in Van in 1991 and imprisoned for nine months. She was again assaulted and shot three times by unknown gunmen after attending a concert for DEP. After these incidents, she eventually fled Turkey and sought refuge in Germany where she has worked with "Akademiya Cand û Hunera Kurdî" (Academy of Kurdish Culture and Arts) and released several albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18607345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607345" title="Karadaglu">
Karadaglu

Karadaglu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18607360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607360" title="Dixie Caverns">
Dixie Caverns

Dixie Caverns is a commercial show cave located in the Riverside community of Roanoke County, Virginia, 4 miles west of Salem. The cave is a limestone solution cave.
Description and access.
Visitors may explore the caverns in a 45 minute guided tour. The caverns were found by a couple farm boys back in 1920 after their dog fell through a hole that led to the caves. They decided to name the caverns after their dog in honor of his discovery. Guided tours of the caverns were begun in 1923. The best known attraction is a bell-shaped flowstone formation known as the "Wedding Bell". Weddings have been held under the Bell. The cave is located in a hill overlooking the surrounding region.

</doc>
<doc id="18607389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607389" title="Badham">
Badham

Badham is a surname shared by several notable people, among them being:

</doc>
<doc id="18607399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607399" title="Mark Dickson (tennis)">
Mark Dickson (tennis)

Mark Dickson is a former professional tennis player. 
Playing college tennis at Clemson University, Dickson was selected as the 1982 ITCA Senior Player of the Year. Additionally, he was named All-American in singles in 1980, 1981 and 1982. In 1981 he was also named All-American in doubles. 
As a tour pro, Dickson is best known for being a quarter-finalist in the 1983 US Open. He captured two grand prix tour titles, at Houston and Toulouse. 
Born in Tampa, Florida, Dickson graduated from Jesuit High School in 1978 and currently resided in Sarasota, Florida while on tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18607412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607412" title="South Texas Junior College">
South Texas Junior College

South Texas Junior College was a junior college located in Houston, Texas (USA).
In 1923 the college opened as a part of the South Texas School of Law and Commerce. Young Men's Christian Association and Harris County operated the two-year coeducational liberal arts school; no tax money supported the school.
At first classes occurred in the Downtown YMCA building. In 1949, the school had 144 students. The classes moved to the Merchants and Manufacturers Building at One Main Street in 1967. The college had 2,737 students and 120 faculty members by 1973. The YMCA and YWCA buildings provided dormitories for students.
On August 6, 1974, the University of Houston acquired the assets of South Texas Junior College and then opened the University of Houston–Downtown College (later renamed University of Houston–Downtown) as a four-year institution.

</doc>
<doc id="18607417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607417" title="Toole">
Toole

Toole is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18607434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607434" title="New Pine Creek, Oregon">
New Pine Creek, Oregon

New Pine Creek is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Lake County, Oregon, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office with a ZIP code of 97635. New Pine Creek lies on U.S. Route 395 at the Oregon–California border, just north of New Pine Creek, California, and east of Goose Lake.
West of town is the Goose Lake State Recreation Area, along Stateline Road near the lake. The north–south running Lake County Railroad passes near the recreation area. East of town is the Fremont National Forest.
Thought to be Lake County's oldest settlement, New Pine Creek was originally to be named "Pine Creek" after a nearby stream. However, since another community was already using that name, postal authorities preferred an alternative. The New Pine Creek post office opened in 1876. S. A. Hamersley was the first postmaster. 
Climate.
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, New Pine Creek has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18607435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607435" title="Schumaker">
Schumaker

Schumaker is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18607436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607436" title="Beit HaGadi">
Beit HaGadi

Beit HaGadi (, "lit." House of the Gad) is a religious moshav in southern Israel. Located near Netivot and the Gaza Strip, it falls under the jurisdiction of Sdot Negev Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 622.
The village was established in 1951, and was initially named Beit HaGide'a. The founders were demobilised IDF soldiers who were members of "Netiv BeMoledet" organisation and Hapoel HaMizrachi. They were immigrants from Hungary and Romania, and had previously worked in Rishon LeZion.
Its name is taken from the Tribe of Gad, which lived in the area in biblical times, and the Bedouin village of Bit Hajadaa that appears on the Madaba Map.

</doc>
<doc id="18607442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607442" title="Vadim Borisovsky">
Vadim Borisovsky

Vadim Vasilyevich Borisovsky (; January 19, 1900 – August 2, 1972) was a Russian (Soviet) violist. 
Biography.
Born in Moscow, Borisovsky entered Moscow Conservatory in 1917 studying the violin with Mikhail Press. A year later, on the advice of violist Vladimir Bakaleinikov, Borisovsky turned his attentions to the viola. He studied with Bakaleinikov and graduated in 1922. Borisovsky became Professor of Viola at the conservatory in 1927.
Between 1922 and 1923, Borisovsky and colleagues from the Moscow Conservatory formed the Beethoven Quartet. He was the quartet's violist until 1964. There are many recordings of Borisovsky with the Beethoven Quartet.
Borisovsky was also a viola d'amore player. He arranged, transcribed and edited more than 250 compositions for viola and viola d'amore.
He died in Moscow, aged 72.
Arrangements and transcriptions.
Harp.
For harp solo
Viola d'amore.
For viola d'amore and piano unless otherwise noted
Viola.
For viola and piano unless otherwise noted

</doc>
<doc id="18607450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607450" title="Pirtikan">
Pirtikan

Pirtikan or Pirtikyan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18607486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607486" title="Musée des Lettres et Manuscrits">
Musée des Lettres et Manuscrits

The Musée des Lettres et Manuscrits is a museum of letters and manuscripts located at 222 Boulevard Saint-Germain in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, France. It is open daily except Monday; an admission fee is charged. The nearest métro station is Rue du Bac.
The museum was established in 2004 in a townhouse dating to 1608 at 8 Rue de Nesle; it reopened at the Boulevard Saint-Germain location in 2010. It contains nearly 136 000 original manuscripts and letters, including the cease-fire order signed by Dwight D. Eisenhower on May 7, 1945, poems of Paul Éluard, and a love-letter by Théodore Géricault. Other items of interest include documents by individuals including:

</doc>
<doc id="18607494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607494" title="Valley Falls, Oregon">
Valley Falls, Oregon

Valley Falls is an unincorporated community in Lake County, Oregon, United States. Valley Falls lies on U.S. Route 395 just south of its junction with Oregon Route 31 near Lake Abert.

</doc>
<doc id="18607505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607505" title="Beast Master (manga)">
Beast Master (manga)

Plot.
Yuiko Kubozuka is a high school student who loves animals, though animals unfortunately hate her and flee from her whenever possible. When Leo Aoi, a strange student with a terrifying expression transfers to Yuiko's class, she is surprised to learn that he is actually innocent and sweet-natured and animals are easily drawn to him. However, when attacked, Leo unconsciously becomes as violent as a bloodthirsty animal.
Because Yuiko is the first to see beyond his frightening expression, Leo quickly becomes strongly attached to Yuiko, who is his first friend. They fall in love with one another, but circumstances regarding Leo's family situation threaten to separate them.
Manga.
The series was written and illustrated by Kyousuke Motomi and was currently serialized in Shogakukan's monthly shōjo manga magazine, "Betsucomi". The individual chapters were collected into two "tankōbon" volumes by publisher Shogakukan.
The series is licensed for regional releases in Taiwan by Ever Glory Publishing and in North America by Viz Media.

</doc>
<doc id="18607508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607508" title="Pohakuloa Training Area">
Pohakuloa Training Area

Pōhakuloa Training Area (PTA) is located on the island of Hawaii in the high plateau between Mauna Loa, Mauna Kea and the Hualālai volcanic mountains. It includes a small military airstrip known as Bradshaw Army Airfield.
Description.
The area of is the largest United States Department of Defense installation in the state of Hawaii, or anywhere in the Pacific.
The region was used for live fire exercises in 1943 during World War II when Camp Tarawa temporarily held troops on Parker Ranch.
About were leased from Richard Smart, owner of the ranch.
At that time it was called the Waikoloa Maneuver Area, and located northwest of current base, south of Waimea. In September 1946 the land used for the old maneuver area and camp was returned to the ranch, and a smaller Lalamilo Firing Range used until 1953. Since coastal areas were developed into tourist resorts, military areas were moved inland to more remote locations.
Location.
The name of the current facility comes from "puu pōhaku loa", which means "long rocky cinder cone" in the Hawaiian Language, although like many other Hawaiian names, the same name has been used for other places on the island.
Pōhakuloa Training Area lies in a high plateau between lower slopes of Mauna Kea to approximately in elevation and to about on Mauna Loa. The training area is about midway between Hilo, on the east coast and the Army landing site at Kawaihae Harbor.
It is used by both the U.S. Army and Marine Corps.
The only road access is via the narrow Saddle Road (Hawaii Route 200), which is paralleled by a tank trail.
Heavy equipment is either flown into Hilo, or else shipped via barge to Kawaihae Harbor, about away on the Saddle Road.
Because of this remoteness, the area is used mostly for short training sessions.
Facilities.
The barracks for about 2,000 troops were constructed in April 1955 from prefabricated buildings used in World War II.
The support area includes of logistic and administrative facilities.
In July 2006 an additional were purchased from Parker Ranch in an area known as Keʻāmuku,
which means "cut-off lava" in Hawaiian, from to the 19th century lava flows through the area.
Located at , the realignment of the Saddle Road is planned to bypass the Ke‘āmuku addition.
PTA has a impact area used for bombing and gunnery practice, refurbished in March 2009 to allow helicopter training.
There are approximately of land level enough for large maneuvers, more than twice the area available on Oahu.
Its remoteness allows a wide range of weapons to be used.
The 25th Infantry Division and 3rd Marine Regiment often use the base for four to six-week training periods.
Weapons such as the Davy Crockett nuclear rifle (with dummy warheads) and depleted Uranium have been used at PTA.
After initial denials, an investigation concluded the spotting rounds used in the 1960s. Measurements detected radiation, but reportedly not above life-threatening levels.
Bradshaw Army Airfield.
The airstrip was constructed at the area in 1956.
The runway is only long, which only accommodates small aircraft. 
Fog often restricts helicopters, which can also fly in from the larger bases on Oahu.
Environment.
Vegetation varies from sparse grassland and low shrubs to open māmane forest. Despite the volcanic terrain, some of the areas contain protected wildlife. Within the borders of the training area, ten different endangered species can be found. These include the native Hawaiian mint honohono ("Haplostachys haplostachya") and the shrub 'kio'ele ("Kadua coriacea"). This area has more endangered species than any other US Army installation. The northeastern portion of the site near Mauna Kea provides habitat for the endangered bird Palila ("Loxioides bailleui"), for example.
Several archaeological sites have been found in the training area, including the Bobcat Trail Habitation Cave, listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
To reduce fire danger and damage from feral goats, areas were fenced.

</doc>
<doc id="18607512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607512" title="Iraq War Scandal">
Iraq War Scandal


</doc>
<doc id="18607521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607521" title="Zimrat">
Zimrat

Zimrat (, "lit." Song) is a religious moshav in southern Israel. Located near Netivot and covering 4,500 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Sdot Negev Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 271.
The village was established in 1957 by immigrants from Tunisia after a split in nearby Shuva. Initially called Shuva Bet, it was later renamed Zimrat, which was taken from the Book of Exodus 15:2;
The LORD is my strength and song, and He is become my salvation; this is my God, and I will glorify Him; my father's God, and I will exalt Him.

</doc>
<doc id="18607530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607530" title="Baby I Love You (Aretha Franklin song)">
Baby I Love You (Aretha Franklin song)

"Baby I Love You" is a popular song by R&B singer Aretha Franklin. It was the only single release from her "Aretha Arrives" album in 1967, the song was a huge hit. It peaked at #4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Singles chart and spent two weeks at number-one on the Hot Rhythm & Blues Singles chart. It was featured in Martin Scorsese's 1990 film "Goodfellas".
A live recording featured on the album "Aretha in Paris" (1968). There have been several other famous musicians who have covered Aretha Franklin's "Baby I Love You", such as Lisa Marie Presley in 1989, Donny Hathaway, Roberta Flack in 1972, B.B. King, The Bar-Kays in 1971, Erma Franklin in 1969, Irma Thomas in 1988, and Otis Rush in 1969 and various other musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="18607540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607540" title="Gillespie Corners, Oregon">
Gillespie Corners, Oregon

Gillespie Corners is a road junction and unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States. Gillespie Corners lies at the intersection of Territorial Highway and Lorane Highway, southeast of Eugene.

</doc>
<doc id="18607563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607563" title="Borisovka">
Borisovka

Borisovka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18607569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607569" title="Typhoon (South Korean band)">
Typhoon (South Korean band)

Typhoon (타이푼) is Korean mixed hip hop group consisting of a female vocalist, a male vocalist and a rapper. Typhoon is signed with Trifecta Entertainment.
Due to Solbi's busy schedule in 2008, she was not able to participate in Typhoon's 3rd album "Rendezvous", so therefore another female vocalist replaced her. However, this did not confirm Solbi's departure from the group, she would be able to remain a member and work again when she was able to.
In February 2009, Hana officially left the group after only 2 months. Singer Lee Kyung, who sang for the OST of MBC drama Wise Mothers and Good Wives, officially replaced her on February 6.
Typhoon disbanded in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18607571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607571" title="SM U-53">
SM U-53

SM "U-53" was one of the six Type U 51 u-boats of the Imperial German Navy during the First World War.
Construction and commissioning.
"U-53" was ordered from Germaniawerft, Kiel in 1914 and launched in 1916. She was commissioned under her first commander Hans Rose in 1916.
Service with the Kaiserliche Marine.
Rose became the 5th ranked German submarine ace of World War I sinking and 79 merchant ships for a total of . Rose's first patrol with "U-53" was to Newport, Rhode Island. His mission had been to sink any British warships in position to ambush the merchant submarine "Bremen"; but he heard a radio broadcast on 28 September 1916 indicating "Bremen" had been sunk. "U-53" entered Newport harbor on the morning of 7 October 1916. Rose paid courtesy visits to Rear Admiral Austin M. Knight, Commandant of the United States Second Naval District, and Rear Admiral Albert Gleaves aboard the cruiser ; and then received courtesy visits from both admirals aboard "U-53". Admiral Gleaves brought his wife and daughter to visit "U-53". It took the neutral American government about two hours to decide how to handle this surprise visit. When the harbor master started talking about quarantine regulations, Rose returned to sea to avoid being interned.
"U-53" commenced military operations the next morning two miles off the Lightship Nantucket. The American steamer was stopped by a shot across the bow at 0535, and then released when examination of her papers revealed no contraband cargo. A large passenger liner was allowed to pass at 0600 because Rose felt unable to provide for the safety of a large number of passengers. The 4,321-ton British steamer "Strathdene" was stopped at 0653 and torpedoed at 0743 after the crew had abandoned ship. The 3,878-ton Norwegian steamer "Christian Knutsen" with a cargo of diesel oil for London was stopped at 0803 and torpedoed at 0953 after the crew had abandoned ship. The 3,847-ton steamer "West Point" was stopped at 1130 and sunk by explosive charges after the crew had abandoned ship.
Seventeen American destroyers were dispatched from Newport to search for survivors in response to the Nantucket lightship's reports of sinkings. The destroyers arrived about 1700 as "U-53" stopped the Dutch steamer "Blommersdyk" bound for England with contraband cargo. The 3,449-ton British passenger liner "Stephano" was stopped and the gathering American destroyers took off its crew and passengers. Rose used his last torpedoes to sink "Blommersdyk" at 1950 and "Stephano" at 2230. Rose set a homeward course via the Gulf Stream and evaded three British destroyers sent from Canada to intercept him.
Political Ramifications from Trip.
There was a great deal of anger amongst the Allied powers after the visit of "U-53" to the American port and the subsequent sinking of Allied shipping. While all of the sinkings were done according to Prize Court laws and nobody was killed during them, the attacks instilled fear in the British because of the reach of the German U-boats, and the United States because these attacks occurred so close to American shores.
The British were further outraged that most of the attacks occurred while the submarine was surrounded by American destroyers. After a soothing speech by Sir Edward Grey, these complaints were calmed when he pointed out that the American ships had no legal right to interfere with these attacks and had done all they could to rescue the sailors in the water. German newspapers celebrated the trip as a great demonstration of the reach of the German Navy and Captain Rose was praised for his actions.
Career after voyage.
In the summer of 1917 artist Claus Bergen accompanied U-53 on an Atlantic patrol, resulting in a series of well-known paintings.
Rose was relieved by von Schrader in 1918. The sub operated primarily within the English Channel after this, attacking Allied and neutral vessels. Von Schrader sank ten more ships of 1,782 tons with "U-53" before the armistice on 11 November.

</doc>
<doc id="18607573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607573" title="Suspensory ligament of eyeball">
Suspensory ligament of eyeball

The suspensory ligament (of Lockwood) forms a hammock stretching below the eyeball between the medial and lateral check ligaments and enclosing the inferior rectus and inferior oblique muscles of the eye. It is a thickening of Tenon's capsule, the dense connective tissue capsule surrounding the globe and separating it from orbital fat.
The ligament functions to support the eye, and prevents downward displacement of the eyeball. 
It can be considered a part of the bulbar sheath.
It is named for Charles Barrett Lockwood.

</doc>
<doc id="18607585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607585" title="Chapel No. 1">
Chapel No. 1

Chapel No. 1 or Eisenhower Memorial Chapel is a historic chapel located at the former Lowry Air Force Base in Denver, Colorado, United States. Built in 1941, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18607588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607588" title="Kim Jong-wook">
Kim Jong-wook

Kim Jong-Wook (, born February 1, 1982) is a South Korean singer. He is best known for "Only You", the theme song of the popular Korean reality show "We Got Married". Before leaving for the army, Kim Jong-wook released a song “Goodbye for Now” ("Army Entrance Day"), which was released on December 4, 2009. He has a bachelor's degree in industrial engineering from Konkuk University and graduated from the Kyung Hee University Graduate School of Communication.

</doc>
<doc id="18607602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607602" title="Greenleaf, Oregon">
Greenleaf, Oregon

Greenleaf is an unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States and has a post office with a ZIP code of 97430. Greenleaf lies on Oregon Route 36 east of Deadwood and west of Triangle Lake.
History.
The name Greenleaf was first applied to the community about 1885, and when a post office was established in the area in 1892, the same name was used. The name may refer to the abundance of bigleaf maple trees in the area. Greenleaf is also the name of a creek that flows into Lake Creek where the post office was first located. The post office was moved in 1908 about three miles down Lake Creek.
The 1928 Lake Creek Bridge near Greenleaf is a covered bridge listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18607616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607616" title="Torrence">
Torrence

Torrence is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18607619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607619" title="FGC UES">
FGC UES

FGC UES (Federal Grid Company of Unified Energy System) is the largest electricity transmission company grid in Russia.
History.
Government Decree of 11 July 2001 № 526 "On Restructuring the Electric Power Russia" Unified Energy System of Russia was recognized as "national property and guarantee energy security of the state. The main part of the EEC "is a unified national energy network, which includes a system of trunk lines, uniting the majority of regions of the country, and representing one of the elements guarantees the integrity of the state." For its "preservation and strengthening of the unity of technological management and implementation of public policies in the electricity industry" was provided for the establishment of the Federal Grid Company (FGC). In a subsequent decision of the Government of Russia of 21 December 2001, the number 881 were approved criteria to identify the main lines of electric power and economy to the Unified National (All-Russia) electrical network (ENES).
To implement the Government's power sector reform in terms of grid complex, relating to the ENES, in November 2001 the Board of Directors of RAO UES of Russia "defined the stages of creation" of the Federal Grid Company and the basic norms of governance FGC."
25 January 2002 Board of Directors of RAO UES of Russia "decided on the establishment of OAO" Federal Grid Company of Unified Energy System "(OAO" FGC UES "). Decisions of the Board of Directors had approved participation of RAO UES of Russia as the sole founder of OAO "UES FGC" and approved by the Chair of the Board of OJSC "FGC UES", approved by the size and value of the assets of RAO UES of Russia "transferred to the authorized capital of OAO" FGC UES ", approved a deal to introduce the property to the authorized capital of OAO" FGC UES ".
Decision of the Board of Directors of RAO UES of Russia "charter capital of OAO" UES FGC "was set at 127 billion rubles. In its payment of RAO UES of Russia "were made money, as well as grid complex, owned by RAO UES of Russia".
25 June 2002 held an official state registration of new companies - OJSC Federal Grid Company of Unified Energy System "(OAO" FGC UES "). OAO "FGC UES" was created as an organization to manage a unified national (All-Russia) electrical network with a view to its preservation and development. The main activities of JSC "FGC UES", embodied in the charter of a company are:
On 1 July 2008, FGC UES was spun off from RAO UES. At the same time, a single operating company was created by merging with 54 companies operating transmission systems of former regional power utilities. It took also over remain assets of RAO UES.
Shareholders.
According to the law, the Russian Government should have at least 75% plus one share of the company's shares. As of 1 July 2007, the Russian Government owned 77.66% of company shares, while 22.34% was owned by minority shareholders. These shares are freely traded at Moscow Exchange
Management.
The chairman of the Board of Directors is Boris Ayuyev. Also Industry and Energy Minister Viktor Khristenko is a member of the board. The chairman of the Managing Board is Andrey Rappoport.
Guns N' Roses reportedly earned $1 million in 2010 to play a private show in Moscow for Alexander Chistyakov, deputy chairman of the management board of the company.

</doc>
<doc id="18607640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607640" title="Tim Karalexis">
Tim Karalexis

Tim Karalexis (born September 18, 1980 in Weymouth, Massachusetts) is an American soccer player, currently without a club.
Career.
Youth and College.
Karalexis attended Weymouth High School, graduating in 1998. While at Weymouth, he led the school’s soccer team to the Massachusetts Division I championship and was named the Boston Globe Division I Player of the Year. He then attended Saint Anselm College, playing on the school’s NCAA Division II soccer team from 1998 to 2001. He was a second team All American in both 2000 and 2001.
Professional.
In 2002, Karalexis went on trial with the Charleston Battery of the USL First Division, before signing with the Wilmington Hammerheads of the USL Second Division. In 2003 and 2004 he was selected as a first team USL-2 All Star, and he was also the 2004 USL-2 Defender of the Year. On October 28, 2004, he signed with the Charleston Battery. 
On December 5, 2007, the Battery traded Karalexis to the Portland Timbers in exchange for Luke Kreamalmeyer, and scored on his Timbers debut. On July 16, 2007, the Orlando Sharks of Major Indoor Soccer League selected Karalexis in the third round of the MISL Supplemental Draft, but he declined to sign with them. 
Karalexis rejoined the Wilmington Hammerheads in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18607658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607658" title="CrimethInc. publications">
CrimethInc. publications

CrimethInc. is a decentralized anarchist collective which emerged in mid-1990s North America from its beginnings as the hardcore punk/anarchist zine "Inside Front". The collective's core function, according to journalist Matthew Power, is the creation and publication of propaganda, and theirs is widely read in the anarchist movement.
Among their best-known publications are the books "Days of War, Nights of Love", "Evasion", "Recipes for Disaster: An Anarchist Cookbook" and the pamphlet "Fighting For Our Lives" (of which, to date, they claim to have printed 600,000 copies), "Inside Front" and a decade of album releases by North American anarcho-punk artists. Several websites are maintained by individual cells of the collective, including Crimethinc.com, a clearing house for CrimethInc. activities operated by the Far East Cell which hosts excerpts from previously published works as well as a blog.
CrimethInc. is connected to publishing collectives/organizations with similar ideas, notably the Curious George Brigade which has produced a number of works, including "Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs". In 2005, they began publishing a half-gloss journal, "Rolling Thunder", with the byline "An Anarchist Journal of Dangerous Living", which released its fifth issue in 2008. CrimethInc. texts have received wide coverage in the anarchist media and in academic publications, and have been used as reading materials for university courses on anarchism.
Books.
CrimethInc. has published three collectively authored books that collect and expand upon the individual essays produced by the group in a particular period; authors are generally uncredited or credited pseudonymously.
Letters series.
The CrimethInc. Letters series of books are not intended as direct propaganda, but rather as letters to the reader detailing the story of the experiences of the authors.
Video.
In March 2001, two documentaries from Eugene, Oregon's Pickaxe Productions were published by a CrimethInc. cell: "Pickaxe", an eyewitness account of environmental activism in the Pacific Northwest and "Breaking the Spell", which documented anarchist activism at the Battle of Seattle in 1999.
At the end of 2005 (a year after the release of "Recipes for Disaster"), CrimethInc. announced the first volume in a "Guerrilla Film Series", a DVD including three feature-length documentaries and a collection of short films. A few of CrimethInc.'s "thinktank" experiments had been documented on film by the "folk-scientists" themselves, and copies of these lived in relative obscurity until included in the series. "CrimethInc. Guerilla Film Series, Volume One" included "Pickaxe", "Breaking the Spell", "The Miami Model", two subMedia shorts and three Thinktank documentaries.
Music.
CrimethInc. is associated with the North American anarcho-punk scene because of its long relationship with notable musicians in the genre and its publishing of "Inside Front", a "journal of hardcore punk and anarchist action". CrimethInc. releases include LPs, CDs, and 7"s from North American and European anarcho-punk, hardcore and anti-folk bands. Academic Stacy Thompson has situated CrimethInc. as "exemplary of a more contemporary and nuanced approach" to the possible forms anarcho-punk could take to resist commodification through aesthetic expression. However, Thompson does not consider the aesthetic choices of the collective to be substantially different from the anarcho- and crust punk bands released by fellow anarcho-punk collective "Profane Existence" in the mid-to-late 90s.

</doc>
<doc id="18607659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607659" title="Grote Markt (Leuven)">
Grote Markt (Leuven)

The Grote Markt (Dutch for "Grand Square") of Leuven, Belgium is situated between the Oude Markt ("Old Square") and the Rector De Somerplein (De Somer Square, named for Pieter De Somer, the first rector of the autonomous Dutch-speaking University of Leuven in 1968) and near both the Bondgenotenlaan ("Avenue of the Allied Forces") and the Muntstraat ("Mint Street").
Its location on the crossing of some of Leuven's most famous and most touristic spots makes the Grote Markt one of the city's busiest squares. However, it has been pedestrian-friendly for some years; only public transportation buses from De Lijn are allowed to use the square.
Buildings.
This location is one of the oldest and most historic in all of Leuven. The square has existed in its present form since the 14th Century, when the Catholic University Leuven, or K.U.Leuven, was established. Most of the square's buildings are built in the Gothic style, of which the town hall is a prime example.
Other buildings on the Grote Markt are the Church of St. Peter and several guild houses. As throughout Leuven, there are also many pubs, taverns, and eateries on the Grote Markt. There is a significant contrast between the more formal and traditional style establishments on the Grote Markt and the more trendy, youth-oriented and student entertainment spots on the nearby Oude Markt.
Events.
The Grote Markt is often used for cultural and other events, as is the case for Leuven's other big squares, such as the Oude Markt and the Ladeuzeplein ("Ladeuze Square"),
Flower Carpet.
One yearly event is the transformation of the Grote Markt into one large carpet of flowers. Each year celebrates a particular theme, such as 2007's "Bicentennial of the Leuven Fire Department".
In 2005, an administrative mistake caused the yearly flower carpet, completely made of begonias that year, to coincide with the opening and start of the
local cycling contest, named after Jef Scherens. To avoid having the cyclists start their contest out of the middle of the carpet of flowers, Mayor Louis Tobback proposed a compromise: the cyclists would start their race from the outskirts of the square instead of the center and as compensation the theme of that year's flower carpet would be the "Tribute to Cycling".
Summer Events.
Being a university town, Leuven undergoes a drastic decrease in its usual population when thousands of students go home for the summer. For the last 20 odd years, the city of Leuven tries to compensate for the lack of students (along with their associated social activities) by organizing a number of summer events. Some of these taking place on the Grote Markt, among other spots in town, are:
Planting of the Maypole.
One of the oldest events is the planting of the Maypole which, in contrast with the British version, is not a pole as such but an actual tree, in Leuven usually a large birch tree. The origin of the Maypole celebration in Leuven is a century old dispute between the neighboring cities of Leuven and Brussels:
The tradition goes back seven centuries and according to the local folklore commemorates a victory of Brussels over Leuven, although others claim the origin was a wedding ceremony during which a nobleman from Leuven married a lower class girl from Brussels. The nobleman gave money to celebrate the patron saint of Lawrence of Rome and plant a Maypole in his honor.
Of course, the legend is told slightly differently in Brussels then in Leuven: One day in the year 1213 a wedding was held in a pub in Brussels. During the festivities, the guests noticed a gang of troublemakers from Leuven. A fight broke out and just when the wedding guests from Brussels were losing the fight, some members of the guild of St. Lawrence
came to their rescue. The Leuven gang lost and John III, Duke of Brabant gave the guild members permission to plant a Maypole each year on August 9; but this privilege would be lost if ever the people of Leuven managed to capture the tree before 5 PM.

</doc>
<doc id="18607662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607662" title="Apocalypse (Dürer)">
Apocalypse (Dürer)

The Apocalypse, properly Apocalypse with Pictures () is a famous series of fifteen woodcuts by Albrecht Dürer of scenes from the Book of Revelation, published in 1498, which rapidly brought him fame across Europe. The series was probably cut on pear-wood blocks and drew on theological advice, particularly from Johannes Pirckheimer, the father of Dürer's friend Willibald Pirckheimer. Work on the series started during Dürer's first trip to Italy (1494–95), and the set was published simultaneously in Latin and German at Nuremberg in 1498, at a time when much of Europe anticipated a possible Last Judgment at 1500. The most famous print in the series is "The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse" (ca. 1497–98), referring to . The layout of the cycle with the illustrations on the recto and the text on the verso suggests the privileging of the illustrations over the text. The series brought Dürer fame and wealth as well as some freedom from the patronage system, which, in turn, allowed him to choose his own subjects and to devote more time to engraving. In 1511, Dürer published the second edition of "Apocalypse" in a combined edition with his "Life of the Virgin" and "Large Passion"; single impressions were also produced and sold.
Similar cycles.
Jean Duvet's major work was an engraved series from the 1550s, influenced by Dürer but very different in style. Frans Masereel called his World War I series of 25 drawings "The Apocalypse of Our Time"; in 1943, Benton Spruance made a lithograph titled "Riders of the Apocalypse". In 1945 published 20 lithographs in a series named "The Apocalypse". "The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse" and another Dürer engraving called "The Sea Beast" appeared in the 2007 Russian TV series "The Sea Devils 2" ("Морские дьяволы-2").

</doc>
<doc id="18607670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607670" title="List of diplomatic missions of Cameroon">
List of diplomatic missions of Cameroon

This is a list of diplomatic missions of Cameroon, excluding honorary consulates. Cameroon has an extensive network of diplomatic missions, reflecting strong ties and non-contentious standing with other African states, its special relationships with France, the United States, Russia, and China, and its unique position of being both a member of the Commonwealth of Nations and Francophonie.

</doc>
<doc id="18607680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607680" title="Rainbow, Oregon">
Rainbow, Oregon

Rainbow is an unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States. It lies off Oregon Route 126, northeast of Eugene. Rainbow's elevation is . A post office was established on July 1, 1924, and closed August 31, 1937. The post office got its name from the rainbow trout that swim in the McKenzie River.

</doc>
<doc id="18607685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607685" title="Alexander Krein">
Alexander Krein

Alexander Krein (; 20 October 1883 in Nizhny Novgorod – died 25 April 1951 in Staraya Russa) was a Russian (Soviet) composer of Jewish heritage.
Background.
The Krein family was steeped in the klezmer tradition; his father Abram (who moved to Russia from Lithuania in 1870) was a noted violinist. All of the seven Krein brothers received their first musical training from him and became musicians; Alexander and Grigori made names for themselves as composers, David gained a strong reputation as a violinist. Of the three Krein family composers, Alexander, his brother Grigori, and Grigori's son Julian, it is Alexander who composed the most music and thus to whom the most attention has been paid. After decades of posthumous neglect, however, his very name seems to have disappeared from international reference books.
Studies and career.
In 1896, at the early age of 14, Alexander Krein entered the Moscow Conservatory where his studies included cello classes with Alexander von Glehn and composition lessons with Sergei Taneyev and Boleslav Yavorsky. His first works were published by P. Jurgenson in 1901. During the years immediately prior to the 1917 Revolution, he was on the faculty of the People's Conservatory in Moscow. In 1917, he was appointed as director of the artistic wing of the Muzo-Narkompros, the music section of a newly formed ministry of arts and aducation. Throughout the 1920s, Krein was widely regarded as the leader of a Jewish national school in Russia (which included his brother Grigori and his nephew Julian). Among those he influenced were minor composers such as Sinovii Feldman. After the formation of the Soviet Union, he held a variety of official and semi-official music administration posts. He died April 1951 in Staraya Ruza.
Style.
Krein's pioneering spirit had led him to incorporate the intonations and styles of both sacred and secular Jewish music into a relatively advanced idiom that was as influended by French impressionism as it was by the music of his friend Alexander Scriabin.
Krein's own Jewish heritage was a constant source of inspiration; there are a number of instrumental works whose titles bear quite obvious witness to this, such as the Caprice Hebraique, Op. 24, and the Jewish Sketches for clarinet and string quartet. In 1921, he composed Kaddish for tenor soloist, choir, and orchestra. From the mid-'20s on, he also wrote music for plays given by Moscow's Jewish Drama Theater. There is also a large amount of music that is either purely classical in design or Soviet in nature. In the latter category are works like the revolutionary opera Zagmuk (1930), the Threnody in Memory of Lenin (1925), and the somewhat amusingly titled U.S.S.R., Shock Brigade of the World Proletariat (1925).

</doc>
<doc id="18607697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607697" title="Jean-Baptiste Francois des Marets, marquis de Maillebois">
Jean-Baptiste Francois des Marets, marquis de Maillebois

Jean-Baptiste François Desmarets (Paris, 1682 – 1762), marquis of Maillebois, was a Marshal of France.
He was the son of Nicolas Desmarets, marquis of Maillebois (marquis de Maillebois, in French) (1648–1721) Controller-General of Finances during the reign of Louis XIV of France and nephew of Jean-Baptiste Colbert.
He learned the art of war from Claude Louis Hector de Villars. He distinguished himself during the Siege of Lille (1708), and commanded a division in Italy during the War of Polish Succession. He conquered Corsica in less than three weeks (1739), and received the rank of Marshal in 1741.
During the War of Austrian Succession he was sent again to fight the Austrians in Italy and won the Battle of Bassignano in 1745. The next year though, he was decisively beaten by superior forces in the Battle of Piacenza, after which he had to abandon the Duchy of Milan.
After the war, he was made governor of the Alsace (1748).

</doc>
<doc id="18607702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607702" title="Silver Arcade">
Silver Arcade

Silver Arcade is a Grade II listed building in the centre of Leicester, England. A former shopping arcade, Silver Arcade was built by Amos Hall in 1889. The top floor was closed off in 2000, leaving the units on the ground floor occupied by a number of independent retailers. In 2008, the centre was the focus of a campaign by the Leicester Civic Society to reopen it.
In 2010, plans were announced to reopen the top floors.

</doc>
<doc id="18607716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607716" title="Zagalu">
Zagalu

Zagalu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18607724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607724" title="Nashlyn, Saskatchewan">
Nashlyn, Saskatchewan

Nashlyn was once a small hamlet in Reno Rural Municipality No. 51, Saskatchewan, Canada. The former townsite is located 15 km west of Highway 18, about 10 km south of the village of Consul and the Highway 13.
Population.
Robsart, like so many other communities throughout Saskatchewan, has struggled to maintain a sturdy population causing it to become a semi ghost town, with few if any residents.
Education.
Nashlyn no longer has a school, but those who live in Nashlyn and area are sent to the neighboring village of Consul which has a school that covers Kindergarten to Grade 12 serving approximately 100 students.

</doc>
<doc id="18607728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607728" title="Mario González (swimmer)">
Mario González (swimmer)

Mario González Montesinos (born August 2, 1975 in Havana, Cuba) is a former international breaststroke swimmer from Cuba, who participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1992. His best result was a tenth place in the Men's 200m Breaststroke at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
At the 1993 Central American and Caribbean Games, he set Championship Records in both the 100 and 200 breaststrokes (1:03.27 and 2:17.76). As of 2009, these are still the Games records.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18607733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607733" title="Riverview, Lane County, Oregon">
Riverview, Lane County, Oregon

Riverview is an unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States. Riverview lies at the intersection of River Road and Riverview Drive, southeast of Junction City, near the Willamette River.

</doc>
<doc id="18607735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607735" title="Smoky Valley">
Smoky Valley

Smoky Valley is a western novel by Donald Hamilton.
Plot summary.
John Parrish doesn't run, even when the local land baron tries to burn him out of his home. The former soldier has to stay alive long enough to outwit his enemies.
Film adaptation.
Filmed as The Violent Men in 1955 starring Glenn Ford, Barbara Stanwyck, and Edward G. Robinson

</doc>
<doc id="18607751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607751" title="Salem (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Salem (Lok Sabha constituency)

Salem, Tamil Nadu is a Lok Sabha (Parliament of India) constituency in Tamil Nadu
Assembly segments.
Salem Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18607759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607759" title="PROPHET system">
PROPHET system

The PROPHET system was an early medical expert system.
The system was initiated in about 1965 by a young administrator at NIH, William Raub, who had the idea to set up a collaborative communication network modeled on Arpanet, for use among biomedical investigators to share data and procedures, with a wide range of computational tools, ranging from statistics to molecular orbit calculations.
A panel of NIH advisors planned the system over a couple of years, until Bolt, Beranek and Neman (BBN Technologies) received the contract for implementation.
The PROPHET system was operational for 15 to 20 years before being superseded by more current Internet tools.

</doc>
<doc id="18607770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607770" title="Kevin Nolan (Gaelic footballer)">
Kevin Nolan (Gaelic footballer)

Kevin Nolan is a Gaelic footballer for Dublin and Kilmacud Crokes. He has made his Championship debut for Dublin against Wexford in the Leinster Senior Football Championship final.
Playing career.
Nolan won the Dublin Senior Football Championship with Kilmacud Crokes in 2008. He then won a Leinster Senior Club Football Championship, Dublin Division One AFL and the All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship. Kevin also has medals for winning the Dublin Minor Football Championship, the U-17 International rules and two Leinster Senior Football Championship with Dublin in 2009 and 2011. Nolan was named the man of the match in the 2011 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final, as Dublin won their first title in sixteen years.

</doc>
<doc id="18607801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607801" title="Bethlehem Fairfield Shipyard">
Bethlehem Fairfield Shipyard

The Bethlehem Fairfield Shipyard of Baltimore, Maryland, was a shipyard in the United States from 1940 until 1945. Located on Baltimore Harbor, it was owned by the Bethlehem Shipbuilding Company. The yard is now the location of the underground entrance of the Baltimore Harbor Tunnel.

</doc>
<doc id="18607802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607802" title="Musée Zadkine">
Musée Zadkine

The Musée Zadkine is a museum dedicated to the work of sculptor Ossip Zadkine (1890–1967). It is located near the Jardin du Luxembourg in the 6th arrondissement at 100 bis, rue d'Assas, Paris, France, and open daily except Monday; an admission fee is only charged when an exhibition is on. The museum also contains a fine garden, with no charge for entry. The nearest métro and RER stations are Port-Royal and Vavin.
The museum was established by Valentine Prax, Zadkine's wife, who willed their home and studio since 1928, plus his personal collection, to the City of Paris. The museum was inaugurated in 1982 following her death, and has subsequently augmented its collection by purchases. It now contains about 300 sculptures, as well as drawings, gouaches, photographs, and tapestries. Since 1995 the museum has also presented 3 to 4 exhibits of contemporary art each year.
The Museum has been renovated in 2012 to ensure its accessibility to all visitors, it re-opened its doors for its thirtieth anniversary on the 10th of October 2012, the new museography was designed to more closely reflect the spirit of the workshop.
Zadkine Museum is one of the 14 City of Paris' Museums that have been incorporated since January 1, 2013 in the public institution Paris Musées.

</doc>
<doc id="18607812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607812" title="Saleh Al-Fawzan">
Saleh Al-Fawzan

Saleh Al-Fawzan ("Arabic:" صالح بن فوزان الفوزان), born 1933, is a well known islamic scholar and a member of the highest religious committees in Saudi Arabia.
His surname is also rendered Fozan or Fawzaan. 
He is also known as Shaykh Saleh Ibn Fawzan Ibn Abdullah, Sheikh Saleh Ibn Fawzan al-Fawzan, Saalih ibn Fawzaan ibn 'Abdullaah al-Fawzaan, Ibn al-Fowzaan and Ibn al-Fawzaan.
Biography.
Fawzan is from the family of Fawzan from the people/tribe of ash-Shamaasiyyah.
Whilst his father died when he was of a young age, he was brought up by his family and learned the Qur'ân, the basics of reading and writing by the Imam of the Masjid of their town, Sheikh Hamood Ibn Sulayman at-Talal. at-Talal was later made judge in the town of Dariyyah (not Dar'iyyah in Riyadh) in the region of Qaseem.
Education.
Fawzan studied in the state school in ash-Qamariyah when it opened 1948. 
In 1950 he completed his studies at the Faysaliyyah school in Buraydah and subsequently was appointed a teacher at the school.
When it opened in 1952, Fawzan joined the Educational Institute in Buraydah and subsequently graduated from there in 1956.
Fawzan was a student of Imam Muhammad ibn Saud Islamic University in Riyadh, initially studying at the faculty of Sharia and graduating in 1960; he later on earned his master's and doctorate from the same university, focusing on Fiqh.
Career.
After the completion of his doctorate, he was a teacher at the faculty of Shari'ah at his alma mater before being transferred into the department of the fundamentals of religion, or Department for Higher Studies within the Faculty of the Principles of the Religion (usool ad-deen). He was later the head of Saudi Arabia's Supreme Court of Justice.
When his headship there came to an end, he returned to teaching in the same faculty.
He is currently a member of the Permanent Committee for Islamic Research and Fataawa [http://www.fatwa-online.com/scholarsbiographies/15thcentury/permanentcommittee.htm], Saudi Arabia's highest religious body, a member of the Council of Religious Edicts and Research.
He is also the Imam, khateeb and teacher, of Prince Mitaeb Mosque (Prince Mut'ib Ibn 'Abdul-'Azeez Masjid), in al-Malzar in Riyadh.
Besides his main role on the Permanent Committee, he is a member of the Council of Senior Scholars, and member of the Fiqh Committee in Makkah (part of ar-Raabitah), and a member of the Committee for Supervision of the Callers (du'aat) in Hajj.
Fawzan has also studied under a number of scholars from al-Azhar University in Egypt who specialized in hadeeth, tafseer and Arabic language.
He also contributes to answering questions on the radio program "Noorun 'alad-Darb" (Light along the Path).
Shaykh Fawzan also takes part in supervising a number of theses at the Masters degree and Doctorate level. He has a number of students of knowledge who frequent his regular gatherings and lessons and he himself studied at the hands of a number of prominent scholars and jurists, the most notable of whom were: Sh, Abdul-Azeez Ibn Baz, Sh. Abdullah ibn Humayd, Sheikh Muhammad al-Ameen ash-Shanqeetee, Sheikh Abdur-Razzaq 'Afeefee, Sheikh Saleh Ibn Abdur-Rahman as-Sukaytee, Sh. Saleh Ibn Ibraaheem al-Bulayhee, Sh. Muhammad Ibn Subayyal, Sheikh Abdullah Ibn Saleh al-Khulayfee, Sh. Ibraaheem Abdul-Muhsin, and Sh. Saleh Ali an-Naasir.
Bibliography.
Fawzan contributes greatly to a number of Islamic research publications at the Council for Islamic Research, Studies, Theses and Fataawa which are then collated and published. He is the author of a large number of publications, many of which have been translated into English, of which the following are a selection:

</doc>
<doc id="18607829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607829" title="Saginaw, Oregon">
Saginaw, Oregon

Saginaw is an unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States. Although it is unincorporated, Saginaw has a post office with a ZIP code of 97472. Saginaw lies at the intersection of Oregon Route 99 and Saginaw Road, just west of the Saginaw exit of Interstate 5. Saginaw is northeast of Cottage Grove.
Climate.
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Saginaw has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18607893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607893" title="Breathing Is Irrelevant">
Breathing Is Irrelevant

Breathing Is Irrelevant is the debut studio album by the Canadian grindcore/mathcore band Ion Dissonance, released on September 2, 2003 through Willowtip Records.
The title of the track "The Death of One Man Is a Tragedy, the Death of 10,000 Is a Statistic" is a quotation commonly to Joseph Stalin.

</doc>
<doc id="18607904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607904" title="Manuel Guzmán">
Manuel Guzmán

Manuel Guzmán Flores (born October 13, 1969) is a former international backstroke and freestyle swimmer from Puerto Rico, who participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1988. His best result was a 12th place in the Men's 4x100 m Freestyle Relay at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He graduated from Bloomington High School South in 1989 where he was an individual state champion and helped lead the team to a state runner-up finish.

</doc>
<doc id="18607908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607908" title="Walden, Oregon">
Walden, Oregon

Walden is an unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States. Walden is southeast of Cottage Grove and uses the ZIP code 97424, which is a Cottage Grove ZIP code.

</doc>
<doc id="18607909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607909" title="James Teit">
James Teit

James Alexander Teit (15 April 1864 — 30 October 1922) was an anthropologist and photographer who worked with Franz Boas to study Interior Salish First Nations peoples in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. He also worked with Edward Sapir of the Geological Survey of Canada in 1911.
Teit was born in Scotland's Shetland Islands but immigrated to Canada and married a Nlaka'pamux woman named Susanna Lucy Artko. It was through his wife that he became knowledgeable of the culture and language of the Nlaka'pamux people. In 1899 James Teit lost his wife Lucy to pneumonia. After his wife's death Teit moved to the small town of Spences Bridge, British Columibia. While living in Spences Bridge he married a lady named Josephine Morens. Together they had six children: Erik 1905, Inga 1907, Magnus 1909, Rolf 1912, Sigurd 1915, and Thorald 1919. They also had a stillborn they named Teit. Inga and Erik are buried in the Morens family graveyard with their baby brother. James and Josephine are buried in Merritt B.C.

</doc>
<doc id="18607910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607910" title="Greatest Hits (Rita Coolidge album)">
Greatest Hits (Rita Coolidge album)

Greatest Hits is a 1980 album by Rita Coolidge and was released on the A&M Records label. This was her first compilation album and contains all previously released material. The only song that did not appear on a previous Rita Coolidge album is "Fool That I Am", which was from the movie soundtrack album "Coast to Coast".

</doc>
<doc id="18607935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607935" title="Tumanyan, Armenia">
Tumanyan, Armenia

Tumanyan () formerly known as "Dzagidzor", is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia. It was renamed in the honour of writer Hovhannes Tumanyan.

</doc>
<doc id="18607938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607938" title="1974 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1974 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1974 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Mexico City, Mexico in neighboring Xochimilco. This marked the first time the championships took place out side of Europe. , all championships have taken place either in Europe or North America. The lake was where the canoeing and rowing events took place for the 1968 Summer Olympics.
The men's competition consisted of six Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Three events were held for the women, all in kayak.
This was the eleventh championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18607947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607947" title="Wilfrid Noyce">
Wilfrid Noyce

Cuthbert Wilfrid Francis Noyce (31 December 1917 – 24 July 1962) (usually known as Wilfrid Noyce (often misspelt as 'Wilfred'), some sources give third forename as Frank) was an English mountaineer and author. He was a member of the 1953 British Expedition that made the first ascent of Mount Everest.
Life and family.
Noyce was born in 1917 in Simla, the British hill station in India. The eldest son of Sir Frank Noyce of the Indian Civil Service and his wife, Enid Isabel, a daughter of W. M. Kirkus of Liverpool, Noyce was educated at Charterhouse, where he became head boy, and King's College, Cambridge, taking a first in Modern Languages.
In the Second World War he was initially a conscientious objector, joining the Friends Ambulance Unit. However, he later chose to serve as a private in the Welsh Guards, before being commissioned as a second lieutenant in the King's Royal Rifle Corps on 19 July 1941. He later attained the rank of captain in the Intelligence Corps; John Hunt wrote that "...during a part of the war was employed in training air crews [in mountain techniques in Kashmir. For a brief period he assisted me in running a similar course for soldiers". He was also employed as a code-breaker, managing to break an important Japanese code.
After the war, Noyce became a schoolmaster. From 1946 until 1950 he taught modern languages at Malvern College. Then, following in the footsteps of George Mallory, he returned as a master to his own old school, Charterhouse, where he remained for ten years. On 12 August 1950, between Malvern and Charterhouse, he married Rosemary Campbell Davies, and they had two sons, Michael and Jeremy.
Early climbing.
By the age of eighteen, Noyce was already a fine climber, from 1935 regularly climbing with John Menlove Edwards of Liverpool. Before the Second World War, he helped Edwards to produce rock climbing guides to the crags of Tryfan and Lliwedd in Snowdonia. Like other leading British climbers of the prewar period, such as Mallory, Jack Longland, Ivan Waller and A. B. Hargreaves, Noyce became a protégé of Geoffrey Winthrop Young, attending his parties at Pen-y-Pass.
In the late 1930s, Noyce was one of a small band of Britons climbing at high standards in the Alps. He was well known for his speed and stamina, and in two early alpine seasons, 1937 and 1938, climbing with Armand Charlet or Hans Brantschen as his guide, he made major climbs in very fast times. In 1942, in North Wales, he achieved a non-stop solo climb of 1,370 metres. During this period Noyce wrote that he suffered three serious accidents:
The first fall refers to an incident when he was held on the rope by Edwards after falling, despite damage to the rope.
1953 Everest Expedition.
Background and approach.
Noyce was a climbing member of the 1953 British Expedition to Mount Everest that made the first ascent of the mountain. According to the expedition's leader John Hunt, in the section of his "The Ascent of Everest" in which he outlined the qualities of his team members:
Edmund Hillary, meeting Noyce for the first time as the expedition assembled in Nepal, echoed Hunt's praise: "Wilf Noyce was a tough and experienced mountaineer with an impressive record of difficult and dangerous climbs. In many respects I considered Noyce the most competent British climber I had met."
At the initial meeting of the Everest team at the premises of the Royal Geographical Society on 17 November 1952, Noyce was designated as being charge of writing (meaning the dispatches that were to be sent home from the mountain) and "volunteered to help with the packing" (he aided Stuart Bain with this). On the walk-in to the mountain, Noyce, together with Charles Evans, who had been designated as in charge of stores at the RGS meeting, were designated as the "baggage party", in charge of the clothing and equipment for the approach. Noyce was also in charge of mountaineering equipment on the ascent itself, having been instructed in the repair of high-altitude boots ("I had worked for three days with Robert Lawrie's bootmakers, learning chiefly how to stick on micro-cellular rubber soles and heels"). Noyce's skills in boot repair were in demand on the ascent; according to Charles Wylie, the thin Vibram soles that were used on the boots often peeled off at the toes but Noyce "saved the situation with some really professional repair work".
Together with George Lowe, on 17 May Noyce established Camp VII on the Lhotse face of Everest. On 20 May he radioed to Hunt that many of the oxygen bottles (the training or Utility model, not the type that were to be used on the summit attempt) that had been ferried up to Camp VII were leaking. Hunt noted "Wilfrid, though gifted in more ways than one, has not a marked mechanical bent and we hoped his tests were not conclusive. Tom, however, had a lurking fear that these very tests, carried out by a possibly anoxic Wilfrid, might have resulted in the discharging of all nine cylinders". 
South Col.
On 21 May Noyce and the Sherpa Annullu (the younger brother of Da Tensing) were the first members of the expedition to reach Everest's South Col, after what Noyce said was "one of the most enjoyable days' mountaineering I've ever had". They left Camp VII at 9.30 am, both using oxygen; according to Noyce, "I had told Anullu that we would not start too early, for fear of frostbite." Several hours later they reached the highest point attained by the British expedition to date: "an aluminium piton with a great coil of thick rope" left by George Lowe and party. The climbers in the camps below, according to Hunt, were watching their progress on this vital part of the climb; by early afternoon "their speed had noticeably increased and our excitement soon grew to amazement when it dawned on us that Noyce and Annullu were heading for the South Col itself".
Not long after Hunt made that observation, they reached the Col.
In a passage in "South Col", Noyce's book of the expedition published the following year, he gives an account of the scene that greeted him at the Col:
From the remains of the Swiss expedition Noyce "picked up some Vita-Weat, a tin of sardines and a box of matches, all in perfect condition after lying exposed to the elements for over six months". Noyce and Annullu fixed a 500-ft length of nylon rope to protect the steep slopes leading up to the Col where Camp VIII was to be established ("this was to be a moral lifeline for weary Sherpas returning from the long carry"), and then descended to Camp VII which they reached at 5.30 pm. From a mountaineering perspective, as Everest veteran Chris Bonington wrote, " had fulfilled his role in John Hunt's master plan, had established one vital stepping-stone for others to achieve the final goal."
According to Hunt, the climbing team had been in low spirits before Noyce and Annullu reached the South Col, but the effect of their safe return from the Col to Camp VII "had a profound impression on the waiting men. If these two could do it, so could they [...] Morale rose suddenly, inspired by fine example".
Noyce climbed up to the South Col a second time during the ascent; on 29 May, the day of the successful first ascent, he set out with three Sherpas from Camp VII, reaching the Col with one of them, Pasang Phutar, later that day; they "had each carried a double load—at least 50 lb.—from the point where the two other Sherpas had given up". Hunt noted that "Noyce and Wylie were the only two members of the climbing party to reach the South Col without oxygen."
Pasang, George Lowe and Noyce met the successful summit team of Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay at the Col, giving the tired climbers drinks and congratulations. It was here, 200 metres above the camp, that Hillary told Lowe, who had gone out to greet them, "Well, we knocked the bastard off." Hillary wrote: "Wilf Noyce and Pasang Puta were also in Camp and they looked after us with patience and kindness. I felt a moment of sympathy for Wilf – he was the only one left with the strength to try for the summit; but now he wouldn't get the chance. It was another foul night with strong wind and very cold temperatures ..." Noyce descended the following day with Hillary, Tenzing, Lowe and Pasang Phutar, reaching Camp IV on 30 May.
As well as naming his book of the expedition "South Col", Noyce also wrote a poem called 'South Col'.
Later years.
On 20 May 1957, together with A. D. M. Cox, Noyce made the effective first ascent of Machapuchare (6,993 m) in the Annapurna Himal, reaching to within 50 m of the summit before turning back at that point out of respect for local religious beliefs. Noyce and Cox also made the first ascent – via the north-east face – of Singu Chuli (Fluted Peak) (6,501 m) on 13 June 1957. On 5 August 1959 Noyce, together with C. J. Mortlock and Jack Sadler, made the first British ascent of the Welzenbach route on the north face of the Dent d'Hérens. Some days later, on 15–16 August, the same party made the first British ascent of the north-east face of the Signalkuppe, the longest and most serious route on the east face of Monte Rosa. 
Noyce made the first ascent of Trivor (7,577 m) in Pakistan's Hispar Muztagh range in 1960 together with Jack Sadler.
Noyce died in a mountaineering accident together with the 23-year-old Scot Robin Smith in 1962 after a successful ascent of Mount Garmo (6,595 m), in the Pamirs. On the descent, either Smith or Noyce slipped on a layer of soft snow over ice, pulling the other, and they both fell 4,000 feet.
Writings.
Noyce wrote widely, penning not just books, poems and scholarly articles, but also contributing to climbing guidebooks. His "Scholar Mountaineers" was a study of twelve writers and thinkers who had an association with mountains; these were Dante, Petrarch, Rousseau, Ferdinand de Saussure, Goethe, Wordsworth, Keats, Ruskin, Leslie Stephen, Nietzsche, Pope Pius XI and Robert Falcon Scott. In the introduction Noyce says that he chose these figures because:
Commemoration.
The "Wilfrid Noyce Community Centre" in Godalming, Surrey – where Charterhouse is located – is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18607965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607965" title="Wendling, Oregon">
Wendling, Oregon

Wendling is an unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States, located northeast of Marcola. Wendling's post office operated from 1899 to 1952. It was named for X. Wendling, a local lumberman.
A rail line from Coburg, passing through Springfield and Natron, was later extended over Willamette Pass. A branch from Springfield to Wendling was constructed in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="18607977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607977" title="St Martin's Square">
St Martin's Square

St Martin's Square is a shopping centre in Leicester city centre. Constructed in 1984 by the Bass Pension Scheme, the thirty-two retail units include a mix of individual boutiques, national retailers, bars and restaurants. St Martins Square is part of the Leicester Lanes shopping district.

</doc>
<doc id="18607981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607981" title="Rangeview, Saskatchewan">
Rangeview, Saskatchewan

Rangeview is a small hamlet in Reno Rural Municipality No. 51, Saskatchewan, Canada. The former townsite is located 5 km west of Highway 18, about 15 km south of the hamlet of Robsart and Highway 13. 
Population.
Rangeview, like so many other communities throughout Saskatchewan, has struggled to maintain a sturdy population causing it to become a semi ghost town, with only a few if not any residents.
Education.
Rangeview no longer has a school, but those who live in Rangeview and area are sent to the neighboring village of Consul which has a school that covers Kindergarten to Grade 12 serving approximately 100 students.

</doc>
<doc id="18607982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607982" title="Abd Al-Aziz Fawzan Al-Fawzan">
Abd Al-Aziz Fawzan Al-Fawzan

Abd Al-Aziz Fawzan Al-Fawzan (Arabic: فوزان، عبد العزيز بن فوزان بن صالح) is a well known Islamic scholar and author in Saudi Arabia.
He is also known as Sheikh "Abd al-Aziz b. Fawzan al-Fawzan" and "Abd Al-Aziz Al-Fawzan".
Background and education.
He is a Saudi Professor of Islamic Law at Imam Muhammad ibn Saud Islamic University and a member of the Teacher’s Board, al-Imam University. In the past, he taught at the Institute of Islamic and Arabic Sciences in America (IIASA). 
Al-Fawzan speaks frequently on Saudi TV, and has reportedly been highly critical of Christianity and the United States. Of Christians he has reportedly said, "Someone who denies Allah, worships Christ, son of Mary, and claims that God is one third of a trinity – so you like these things he says and does? Don’t you hate the faith of such a polytheist who says God is one third of a trinity, or who worships Christ, son of Mary?"
Al-Fawzan, however, further commented that Muslims should have positive hatred, which is to feel compassion and mercy and to try to help people convert to Islam and submit to one god. Of America and the 2008 economic crisis, he said, "America is collapsing, according to the same scenario of the Russian collapse." 

</doc>
<doc id="18607985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607985" title="Loyalty to Loyalty">
Loyalty to Loyalty

Loyalty to Loyalty is the second album by Cold War Kids. It was released on September 23, 2008. The song "Something Is Not Right with Me" was made available as a low-quality free download on Cold War Kids' website prior to the album's release, and was later used in the movie "".

</doc>
<doc id="18607991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18607991" title="Blackton">
Blackton

Blackton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18608000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608000" title="Midnight Sun Solar Race Team">
Midnight Sun Solar Race Team

The "Midnight Sun Solar Race Team" is a Canadian solar car race team affiliated with the University of Waterloo of Waterloo, Ontario. Founded in 1988, the Midnight Sun team is a student-run organization which designs and builds a solar vehicle biennially to compete in two solar challenges; the World Solar Challenge, held in Australia, and the American Solar Challenge, held in the United States. The team's roster recruits from every department on campus, resulting in a diverse, innovative team and work environment. 
The Midnight Sun team’s mission is to build a competitive solar car which will promote design, innovation and teamwork amongst students at the University of Waterloo. Furthermore, they aim to educate the public on sustainable technologies as well as explore the possibilities of solar energy applications for a greener tomorrow.
Background Information.
One of the team's major efforts is to raise environmental awareness and stir up interest in renewable energy. The team often travels and teaches about education and the environment and takes part in local community events such as the Kitchener-Waterloo Oktoberfest parade and high school visits. On average the cost of the solar vehicle can reach over $200,000; with the solar cells and array costing the most. Much of the funding comes from donations and gifts; the two largest sponsors who contribute over $25,000 to our most recent project, MSX are Diamond Aircraft and Formashape 3D Architectural Design Solutions. 
The team currently holds the Guinness World Record for "Longest Journey by Solar Electric Vehicle.”The trip took place from August 7 through September 14, 2004, the car traveled a total of 15,070 km (9,360 mi) through the United States and Canada.[2] The journey started at the university's Davis Center and visited Vancouver, San Francisco, Houston, Florida, Washington DC, New York City, and Halifax before finishing at Parliament Hill in Ottawa. 
Due to the solar car's unusual design, during the trip on two occasions locals phoned radio stations to announce that a UFO was driving on the highway.[1] The team officially broke the record on August 26 when they crossed the border from California to Arizona.[4] The previous record was held by Queen’s University with a total of 7044 km travelled during July 2000. [11]
Although the team's work on the car is not part of the school curriculum, some students can integrate class projects into the club. For example, all engineering undergraduates are required to do a senior design project; some engineers design parts for the car, submit them for marks, and then install them.[1]
Behind the name.
How did the team get their name?
Midnight Sun is a natural phenomenon occurring north of the Arctic Circle and south of the Antarctic Circle during the summer months where the sun remains visible 24 hours a day. 
This phenomenon would, in theory, keep solar vehicles powered all day; making solar cars the effective and clean choice.
Model History.
The club’s first vehicle was not a solar car, but a solar bicycle; dubbed Midnight Sun Zero which the team presented to then-Prime Minister Brian Mulroney. The team’s first solar car, MSI was completed during 1990 and competed in the 1990 GM Sunrayce USA (now known as the American Solar Challenge). Unfortunately, MSI was severely rear-ended by an out of control pick-up truck but still managed to finish 24th. 
Midnight Sun II competed in Sunrayce 93, which ran from Dallas to Minneapolis. However, the model was plagued by low battery power and finished in 33rd place. 
Midnight Sun III raced in Sunrayce 95 from Indianapolis to Denver and finished 20th overall. 
Midnight Sun IV came 7th overall out of 36 vehicles in Sunrayce 97 and won the Award for Technical Innovation. Midnight Sun won the award because they were the first team to successfully implement sailed shaped front fairings used to catch crosswinds. 
Midnight Sun V finished 10th overall in Sunrayce 1999 and was the first model to race in the 1999 World Solar Challenge, held in Australia. It came 25th overall in the World Solar Challenge and won the "Battler's Award" for "overcoming the most adversity to the finish line." The car's motor broke down with about 500 km to the finish line, but fortunately the team from MIT lent them a spare motor. 
Midnight Sun VI came 3rd at the American Solar Challenge and 15th in the World Solar Challenge. It was also one of the most reliable models, with only one flat tire. 
Midnight Sun VII finished 3rd in the 2003 American Solar Challenge and earned the Award for Technical Innovation for the use of adaptable fairings, which enhanced sailing performance. The car later set a world record for its journey through the United States and Canada. 
Midnight Sun VIII finished 5th overall in the 2005 American Solar Challenge and earned the Teamwork award.[5]
Midnight Sun IX was unveiled on August 12, 2007 and painted black and gold in honour of the school's 50th anniversary. It is the first model to feature an upright seat, allowing for better visibility and a better fit for the five-point harness.[http://news.therecord.com/article/227560%20Racing%20with%20the%20Sun] It is about 1.8 m (5.9 ft) wide, 5 m (16 ft) long, and less than 1 m (3.3 ft) high—approximately the size of a Toyota Prius. 
It is capable of speeds up to 115 km/h from dawn until a few hours past dusk [1], and finished in 4th place overall in the 2008 North American Solar Challenge, a race in which only 15 of 25 cars made it to the final leg.[8] Midnight Sun IX placed 16th overall in the 2007 World Solar Challenge and 2nd place in the “Challenge Production Class”. [8] 
Midnight Sun X is the team’s most recent car; it can reach a top speed of 130 km/hr and has a cruising speed of 80 km/hr. [9] This model has SunPower A300 solar cells installed for the car’s solar array. These cells are one of the world’s most cost-effective solar cells on the market, giving the best dollar-to-watts ratio. [10] Midnight Sun X finished 30th in the 2011 World Solar Challenge. 
In February 2008, the team was featured on the Discovery Channel's Mean Green Machines.[3]
The 8th generation of their solar car, MSVIII was on display at the Canadian Museum of Science and Technology located in Ottawa, and has since returned to the team's possession. The solar car placed 5th in the North American Solar Challenge in 2005. The title of top Canadian team was also given to the team for the NASC.[12]
The 9th generation of their solar car, Midnight Sun IX (MSIX) was on display at the second annual solar and conservation fair in Toronto. In 2007, the MSIX placed 16th in 2007 for the World Solar Challenge. The solar car placed 4th in the North American Solar Challenge in 2008. The title of top Canadian team was also given to the team for the NASC.
The current 10th generation of the car, Midnight Sun X (MSX) competed in the 2011 Veoila World Solar Challenge. It placed 30th in the competition.
References.
1. ^ a b c d Coleman, Joey (2007-09-13)."Engineer, Teach Thyself". Maclean's. Retrieved 2008-07-28.
2. ^ "Longest Journey by a Solar Vehicle"". Guinness World Records. Retrieved 2008-07-25.
3. ^ "UW Daily Bulletin, February 4, 2008". University of Waterloo. 2008-02-04. Retrieved 2008-07-26.
4. ^ "Solar Car Sets Record Distance, but Tragedy Mars Related Tour". U.S. Department of Energy. 2004-09-01. Retrieved 2008-07-27.
5. ^ "Midnight Sun - History". University of Waterloo. Retrieved 2008-07-27.
6. ^ "Midnight Sun - About". University of Waterloo. Retrieved 2008-07-27.
7. ^ O'Reilly, Nicole (2007-08-13). "Racing with the Sun". Waterloo Region Record. Retrieved 2008-07-27.
8. ^ "Solar cars glide to finish line". Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. 2008-07-22. Retrieved 2008-07-27.
9. ^http://www.uwmidsun.com/the-car. University of Waterloo. Retrieved 2011-11-22
10. ^http://www.en-genius.net/site/zones/greentechZONE/product_reviews/grnp_060203. EN-Genius Network. Retrieved 2011-11-22
11. ^ http://www.web.net/~sunwind/solar/solar_cars_boats.html Sunwind Solar Industries Inc. Retrieved 2011-11-23
12. ^http://www.yourottawaregion.com/news/article/1007031--car-exhibit-makes-space-for-solar-power-racer Your Ottawa Region. Retrieved 2011-11-23

</doc>
<doc id="18608016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608016" title="Todd Torres">
Todd Torres

Todd Torres (born June 11, 1968) is a former international breaststroke and freestyle swimmer from Puerto Rico, who participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1988. 
His best Olympic result was a 12th place in the Men's 4x100m Freestyle Relay at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. Torres also competed for the United States, winning a bronze medal at the 1987 Summer Universiade in Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="18608024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608024" title="List of diplomatic missions of Burundi">
List of diplomatic missions of Burundi

This is a list of diplomatic missions of Burundi, excluding honorary consulates. Burundi's relations with its neighbours have often been affected by security concerns. Hundreds of thousands of Burundian refugees have at various times crossed to neighboring Rwanda, Tanzania, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Hundreds of thousands of Burundians are in neighboring countries as a result of the ongoing civil war. Most of them, more than 340,000 since 1993, are in Tanzania. Some Burundian rebel groups have used neighboring countries as bases for insurgent activities. The 1993 embargo placed on Burundi by regional states hurt diplomatic relations with its neighbors; relations have improved since the 1999 suspension of these sanctions.
Burundi is a member of various international and regional organizations, including the United Nations, the African Union, and the African Development Bank. Burundi is also a member of the International Criminal Court with a Bilateral Immunity Agreement of protection for the US-military (as covered under Article 98). The Swedish Minister for Integration and Gender Equality, Nyamko Sabuni, was born in Burundi.

</doc>
<doc id="18608033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608033" title="Juan Fernando Bastos">
Juan Fernando Bastos

Juan Bastos (born 18 January 1958, in Caracas, Venezuela) is an American portrait artist of Bolivian descent who also creates other representational art, including pieces that utilize mythology and symbolism. He works primarily in painting and drawing and currently resides in Los Angeles, California.
Life and career.
Born in Caracas, Venezuela, on 18 January 1958, to an expatriate Bolivian family, Bastos' interest in portraiture was sparked at the age of ten when he posed for a portrait by his aunt, Bolivian artist Yolanda de Aguirre. At the age of eleven, he returned to Bolivia with his family and they settled once again in La Paz where he was exposed to the vast Andean landscape and the Aymaran culture with its myths and legends, which became a major influence on his work. His formal training began at age 13 with de Aguirre, as well as artists Agnes Ovando-Sanz de Franck, Gonzalo Rodriguez, and another aunt, noted artist Maria Esther Ballivian. He was introduced to the masterpieces of the great European artists, copying the works of da Vinci, Michelangelo and Cézanne.
In 1977, Bastos enrolled at Universidad Mayor de San Andrés in La Paz where he studied architecture. He moved to Washington, D.C. in 1979, enrolling first at Georgetown University and then at Montgomery College. In 1982, he was admitted to the Maryland Institute College of Art where he continued his studies in Fine Arts graduating Cum Laude in 1984. He received his Masters of Fine Arts from Towson University in 1986.
From his home in Baltimore Bastos began his career and, in 1988, had his first solo show at gallery Arte Unico in La Paz. It featured portraits of Bolivian society figures, including Ximena Sánchez de Lozada, the wife of future Bolivian President Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada. His first major solo exhibition in the U.S. was held in 1989 at the Knight Gomez Gallery in Baltimore. Entitled "Myths & Dreams", it showcased Bastos’ emerging representational style that fused his Catholic roots with Andean mythology and symbolism. Two years later, the Inter-American Development Bank in Washington, D.C. presented Bastos’ work in a solo show, which also featured additional oils and pastels from this oeuvre. Another one-man exhibition in La Paz in 1993 showcased both traditional portraits and representational works that explored the myth of the Lake Titicaca mermaids. In 1994, Galeria Borkas in Lima, Peru, presented "Milagros", Bastos’ one-man exhibition of works depicting the interplay between the Catholic and pagan belief in miracles and the South American tradition of milagros.
By the late 1980s, Bastos was accepting an increasing number of portrait commissions. Consequently, by 1999 he had established a high enough profile as a society portraitist to be featured, as one of six portrait painters, in a "New York Times" article on the reemergence of portraiture. Over a two-year period culminating in 2004, Bastos delivered eight portrait commissions to the University of Southern California’s Keck School of Medicine that featured Deans and major donors. The University of Southern California’s Viterbi School of Engineering also commissioned a portrait of its principal donors. Other institutional commissions have included the Los Angeles Jewish Home, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and Harvard University. Bastos has also delivered a number of cover portraits to "The Gay & Lesbian Review", featuring celebrities such as Charlize Theron, Ian McKellen, Barney Frank, and Gore Vidal, who compared Bastos’ work to that of John Singer Sargent. Bastos has been influenced by the works of Julio Larraz, Odd Nerdrum, and Lucian Freud. He works in oils, pastels, pencil, watercolors, acrylics and collage.
In 1996, Bastos was featured in the Organization of American States' "America Viva" television documentary series with the episode, "Juan Fernando Bastos: Portrait of an Artist."
Since 1996, Bastos has lived and worked in Los Angeles, California.
Exhibitions.
One-Man Shows
Selected Group Shows
Works.
Selected Portraits

</doc>
<doc id="18608042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608042" title="Aaron Gelman">
Aaron Gelman

Aaron Gelman (November 24, 1899 - May 1970) was an American artist.
Gelman was born November 24, 1899 to Jewish immigrant parents from Petach Tikva, Palestine.
Gelman was a member of the New York School of Painting, of which George Luks was the best known member. This school followed the Hudson School of Painting. He worked on oils, pastels, etchings, drawings and sculptures. He was a close friend of fellow artist Harris "Harry" Rodvogin.
Gelman was a WPA Artist.
Gelman died in May 1970 in Israel, where he had returned later in life. He was a brother-in-law to Philip Solomon uncle to Linda Solomon, and one of his grandchildren is the actress Kimiko Gelman. His grandfather, Avraham Yaakov Gelman was one of the 11 founding families of Mazkeret Batya (Ekron). These emigrant families came from Ruzhany, with support from the Baron de Rothschild, to settle Moshav Ekron.

</doc>
<doc id="18608061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608061" title="Electrical wiring interconnection system">
Electrical wiring interconnection system

An electrical wiring interconnection system (EWIS) is the wiring system and components (such and bundle clamps, wire splices, etc.) for a complex system. The term originated in the aviation industry but was originally designated as Electrical Interconnection Systems (EIS). The change from EIS to EWIS was done to emphasize the focus on the actual wires and wiring of the systems throughout aircraft.
Background.
Prior to the aviation accidents of TWA Flight 800 and SwissAir 111, the wiring on aircraft was a minor concern. In response to these accidents, the Aging Transport Systems Rulemaking Advisory Committee (ATSRAC) was chartered to gather industry leaders examine the current state of aging aircraft systems; one of the main areas examined included EWIS. The committee included a number of key organizations and businesses including ATA, NASA, Northwest Airlines, Boeing, Airbus, FAA, and Lectromechanical Design Company. Many of the results from the ATSRAC committee shaped the FAA's regulatory reaction to the handling and certification of EWIS. The following is an except from the FAA’s regulations released November 8, 2007 governing aspects of EWIS on aircraft as to the reason for the increased concerns regarding EWIS:
“Safety concerns about wiring systems in airplanes were brought to the forefront of public attention by a midair explosion in 1996 involving a 747 airplane. Ignition of flammable vapors in the fuel tank was the probable cause of that fatal accident, and the most likely source was a wiring failure that allowed a spark to enter the fuel tank. All 230 people aboard the airplane were killed. Two years later, an MD–11 airplane crashed into the Atlantic Ocean, killing all 229 people aboard. Although an exact cause could not be determined, the presence of re-solidified copper on a portion of a wire of the in-flight entertainment system cable indicated that wire arcing had occurred in the area where the fire most likely originated.
<BR><BR>
Investigations of those accidents and later examinations of other airplanes showed a collection of common problems. Deteriorated wiring, corrosion, improper wire installation and repairs, and contamination of wire bundles with metal shavings, dust, and fluids (which would provide fuel for fire) were common conditions in representative examples of the ‘‘aging fleet of transport airplanes.’’ "
To developed the research to reach the conclusions, the FAA funded a number of studies involving the analysis of the current state of wiring on aircraft, the deterioration processes of wiring systems, tools to detect wire failure, and ways of quantifying and mitigating the damage from an electrical arc.
In 2009 the European Aviation Safety Agency issued 3 "Acceptable Means of Compliance", AMC 20-21, and AMC 20-23 dealing in turn with the maintenance procedures, the training and the documentation that had to be introduced by Maintenance and Repair Organisations to reduce the probability of serious incidents or accidents caused by wiring failure.
AMC 20-22 is almost exactly similar to the US FAA Airworthiness Circular 120-94.
EWIS Aircraft Electrical Systems Reliability.
The term electrical system refers to those parts on the aircraft that generate, distribute and use electrical energy, including their supports and attachments. The satisfactory performance of an aircraft is dependent upon the continued reliability of the electrical system. Reliability of the electrical system is proportional to the amount of maintenance received, the correct independent part selection and the supervised installation of each electrical component in the aircraft as explained in the FAA advisory circular 43.13-1B - Acceptable Methods, Techniques, and Practices Chapter 11.
Electrical component selection is a critical step to ensure the correct operation in any aircraft electrical system. Components need to be selected for their electrical specifications and properties as well as for the extreme conditions these components could be exposed. Inspection and testing of every single component plays a major role in the EWIS regulations to guarantee the safety and reliability of the system.
Correct engineering design, planning and coordination with the manufacturers of each electrical component will secure the proper installation of each component. The correct installation of the components in the aircraft and the manufacturing procedures are requirements of the EWIS regulations.
Once the aircraft has an airworthiness certificate and has reached an entry into service status, the maintenance of the aircraft’s electrical systems will play a key role to guarantee the reliability of the systems and the safety of flight.

</doc>
<doc id="18608067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608067" title="Jacob Ascher">
Jacob Ascher

Jacob Gottschalk Ascher (18 February 1841, Plymouth, England – 12 October 1912, New York) was a British–Canadian chess master. He was the son of Isaac Gottschalk Ascher, and brother to Isidor, Albert, Hyman, and Eva.
Ascher twice won the Canadian Chess Championship; the 6th CAN-ch at Montreal 1878/79, and (tied for first) the 10th CAN-ch at Montreal 1882/83. 
He defeated George Henry Mackenzie at Montreal in one of fourteen simultaneous games played by Mackenzie on January 14, 1879.
He was a chess columnist at "New Dominion Monthly" published in Montreal.
He was Editor of the Montreal Star and was president of the Young Men's Hebrew Association of Montreal, the first Jewish charitable organization in Canada. 
Ascher died in New York on 12 October 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="18608072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608072" title="Giulio Bernardi">
Giulio Bernardi

Giulio Bernardi (born July 6, 1960 in San Jose, California) was an American soccer defender who spent two seasons in the American Soccer League, one in the United Soccer League and several in Major Indoor Soccer League.
Bernardi attended San Jose State where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1978 to 1981. In 1981, he was a third team NSCAA All American. He is currently third on the Spartans all times goals list with 64 and third on the all time assists list with 27. The New York Cosmos of the NASL drafted Bernardi in the first round of the 1982 draft, but did not sign him. Instead, he played the 1982 season with the Georgia Generals and 1983 season with the Pennsylvania Stoners, both of the American Soccer League. Giulio led the Stoners in scoring with nine goals as they fell to the Jacksonville Tea Men in the championship series. In the fall of 1983, he joined the Memphis Americans of Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL). In 1984, he played for the Houston Dynamos of the United Soccer League. The Dynamos went to the league championship before falling to the Fort Lauderdale Sun. In 1984, he signed with the Dallas Sidekicks of MISL.
Bernardi later entered the coaching field. In 2005, he was the head coach of the Mustang SC Pacific U14 Boys. In 2006, he was an assistant coach with Mustang Soccer of the Super Y-League.

</doc>
<doc id="18608079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608079" title="Eduardo Piccinini">
Eduardo Piccinini

Eduardo Beca Piccinini (born November 30, 1968 in Manaus) is a former international butterfly swimmer from Brazil.
He was at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, where he earned a bronze medal in the 100-metre butterfly. 
At the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Piccinini finished 18th in the 100-metre butterfly, and 15th in the 200-metre butterfly. 
Piccinini was at the 1994 World Aquatics Championships, in Rome, where he finished 25th in the 100-metre butterfly, and 26th in the 200-metre butterfly. 
At the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, Piccinini won a silver medal in the 100-metre butterfly and in the 4×100-metre freestyle. In the 4×100-metre medley relay, Piccinini won the silver medal, beating the South American record, with a time of 3:43.93, along with Gustavo Borges, Rogério Romero and Oscar Godói. 

</doc>
<doc id="18608095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608095" title="Claudia Kemfert">
Claudia Kemfert

Claudia Kemfert (born December 17, 1968 in Delmenhorst, Germany) is a German economics expert in the areas of Energy research and Environmental protection. She is a Professor of Energy Economics and Sustainability at the Hertie School of Governance in Berlin. She heads the Energy, Transportation, and Environment department at German Institute for Economic Research (DIW Berlin).
Biography.
Kemfert has led the Energy, Transportation, and Environment department at the German Institute for Economic Research 
(DIW Berlin) since April 2004. In addition she is the Chairperson for environmental economics at the Humboldt university Berlin. Kemfert studied economic science at the University of Bielefeld, the University of Oldenburg and Stanford University where she graduated in 1998. She had a Post-doctoral research visit at the Fondazione Eni Enrico Mattei (FEEM) in Milan in 1998. 
From January 1999 to April 2000, she led a research group at the Institute for Rational Application of Energies of the University of Stuttgart. As a guest professor she taught at the University of St. Petersburg (2003/04), University of Moscow (2000/01) and University of Siena (1998, 2002/03). From 2000 to 2004 Kemfert had a position as an assistant professor and was the leader of a research group at the University of Oldenburg. 

</doc>
<doc id="18608099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608099" title="2008 Istanbul bombings">
2008 Istanbul bombings

The 2008 Istanbul bombings occurred on July 27, 2008 when two explosions hit a busy shopping street in the Güngören district of Istanbul, killing seventeen people, five of them children, and injuring 154. The attacks occurred at 9:45 p.m. local time, 18:45 UTC, on a pedestrian street closed to traffic. The bombings were the deadliest civilian attacks in Turkey since the 2003 Istanbul bombings, five years earlier.
Details.
First of the two bombs which was a sonic bomb was placed in a telephone cabin and second bomb was placed in a waste container 50 meters apart, near a crowded street. The first bomb caused crowds to gather for help and curiosity, and around 10 minutes later, the second and more powerful bomb exploded, causing many of the casualties. The police believe that the bombs were activated remotely. Political analyst Damla Aras said that, "there is a possibility they might be A4, C-4 explosives, which were brought from northern Iraq by the PKK and have been used several times in Turkey."
Early on, news sources thought the first explosion was caused by a gas leak.
Investigation.
Nobody has claimed responsibility for the bombing as yet, although Kurdish separatist militants are suspected. The Istanbul Police indicate that the incident bears the hallmarks of the terrorist Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), possibly in revenge for a series of major operations by the Turkish military on its bases days prior to the incident. However a senior member of the PKK, Zubeyir Aydar, denied the implication: "The Kurdish liberation movement is not involved in this attack."
Based on a tip from residents, three teenagers were taken into custody in connection to the bombings.
Nine people were indicted in December 2008 over the bombings.

</doc>
<doc id="18608111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608111" title="Heartbreak Radio">
Heartbreak Radio

Heartbreak Radio is a 1981 album by Rita Coolidge and was released on the A&M Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="18608120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608120" title="Unemployment Insurance Tax System">
Unemployment Insurance Tax System

Unemployment Insurance Tax System, or UITS, refers to an online application created by Iowa Workforce Development in 2007 to allow employer's to submit quarterly unemployment insurance tax reports online.

</doc>
<doc id="18608121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608121" title="San Francisco Flower &amp; Garden Show">
San Francisco Flower &amp; Garden Show

The San Francisco Flower & Garden Show is an annual public show serving the northern California, USA region. Attendance ranges from 40,000 - 60,000. The show is five days long, running Wednesday through Sunday, and is typically held in March. The show consists of three main components: approximately 25 display gardens ranging from 500 to 1,500 sq. ft. in size, educational displays, vendors promoting and selling garden-related products, and free seminars. Seminar speakers include garden and design experts from the U.S. West Coast and from Britain.
Two large flower shows that preceded the San Francisco Flower & Garden Show in northern California were the Oakland Spring Flower Show which was produced by the California Association of Nurserymen from 1930 to 1978 (with a three-year hiatus from 1943 to 1945 because of World War II). In the early 1980s the rock ‘n roll impresario Bill Graham produced two annual flower shows at the Cow Palace.
The show as it appears today was started in 1986 as the San Francisco Landscape Garden Show by volunteers for the Friends of Recreation and Parks in San Francisco as a fundraiser for that organization (in 2006 the organization’s name changed to San Francisco Parks Trust). The first show featured a tribute garden to San Francisco landscape architect, Thomas Dolliver Church (1902-1978), designed by Pam-Anela Messenger. For its first eleven years (1986-1997) the show held at Ft. Mason in San Francisco. In 1997 Salmon Bay Events, the Seattle-based company owned by Duane and Alice Kelly that had started the Northwest Flower & Garden Show, acquired the San Francisco Landscape Garden Show, changed its name to the San Francisco Flower & Garden Show, and moved the show from Ft. Mason to the Cow Palace. For the next eleven years (1998-2008) it was held at the Cow Palace.
In 2009, Salmon Bay moves the show to the San Mateo Event Center and announced it was closing the show. At the final hour, Special Events, a bay area tent rental company in Livermore, CA owned by Weston Cook, and partner Steve Cannon stepped in and acquired the show.
Still America’s third largest show if its kind, the show was acquired by business partners Sherry Larsen of Larsen Enterprises, and Maryanne Lucas, Founder and Executive Director of Kids Growing Strong, on May 1, 2013. The show is scheduled to again be held at the San Mateo Event Center in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18608125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608125" title="Skeena Country">
Skeena Country

The Skeena Country is an historic geographic region comprising areas of both the British Columbia Coast and the British Columbia Interior in northwestern British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18608149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608149" title="Oxarat, Saskatchewan">
Oxarat, Saskatchewan

Oxarat was once a small hamlet in Reno Rural Municipality No. 51, Saskatchewan, Canada. The former townsite is located 15 km west of Highway 21, about 15 km north of the village of Consul and Highway 13.
Population.
Oxarat, like so many other communities throughout Saskatchewan, has struggled to maintain a sturdy population causing it to become a semi ghost town, with few if any residents.
Education.
Oxarat no longer has a school, but those who may live in Oxarat and area are sent to the neighboring village of Consul which has a school that covers Kindergarten to Grade 12 serving approximately 100 students.

</doc>
<doc id="18608159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608159" title="Teófilo Ferreira">
Teófilo Ferreira

Teófilo Laborne Ferreira (born June 2, 1973 in Belo Horizonte) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Brazil. He participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics for his native country. His best result was the 7th place in the men's 4×200-metre freestyle. Ferreira also won three medals at the Pan American Games and four medals at the World Championships.
Teófilo was at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, where he won a gold medal in the 4×100-metre freestyle, and a silver in the 4×200-metre freestyle. 
At the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, he went to the 4×200-metre freestyle final, finishing 7th. Also participated in the 50-metre freestyle, where Ferreira not reached the final. 
The Brazilian broke in 1993 two World Records on short course. On July 7, the Brazil team, composed of Fernando Scherer, Teofilo Ferreira, José Carlos Souza and Gustavo Borges broke the world record in 4×100-metre freestyle with a time of 3:13.97, which belonged to Sweden since March 19, 1989: 3:14.00. On December 5, Brazil again beat the record, with the same team, doing 3:12.11. 
At the 1994 World Aquatics Championships, held in September in Rome, Italy, the Brazilian got the bronze in the 4×100-metre freestyle relay. Ferreira also finished 27th in the 200-metre freestyle. 
Teófilo was in 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, where he won a silver medal in the 4×200-metre freestyle. 
At the 1995 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) done in Rio de Janeiro, he won bronze in the 4×200-metre freestyle. 

</doc>
<doc id="18608176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608176" title="Kochbek">
Kochbek

Kochbek or Koch’bek’ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18608183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608183" title="Zavoj Lake">
Zavoj Lake

Zavoj Lake (Serbian: Завојско језеро, "Zavojsko jezero") is an artificial lake in eastern Serbia, on the Visočica River. It was created in 1963 after a major landslide which dammed the river and the natural dam was later replaced with a hydroelectric dam "Zavoj".
Location.
Lake Zavoj is located in eastern Serbia, in the northern part of the Visok region, close to the Serbian-Bulgarian border. Lake in the valley of the Visočica River which is both its major tributary and outflow, between the mountains of Stara Planina on the north and Vidlič on the south. Lake is located north of the town of Pirot, close to the Visočica mouth into the Temštica river and is not well connected with the rest of Serbia. Settlements in the vicinity of the lake, which is among the least populated in the entire Serbia, include Novi Zavoj, Velika Lukanja and Pakleštica.
History.
On February 25, 1963 a huge landslide from the sunny side of the Stara Planina rushed into the valley of the Visočica River and dammed a river creating a natural earth dam which was long and high. Reservoir was created behind the dam, flooding the village of Zavoj. This original natural lake was dried, the natural dam was consolidated and the artificial lake was recreated, this time as a reservoir for the hydroelectric power plant "Zavoj". The village of Novi Zavoj was built on the higher ground instead of the flooded old village of Zavoj. 
Immediately after the dam was finished, Serbian government began a project of conducting waters from Temštica's upper course ("Toplodolska reka") into the lake. Project was continued in the early 2000s but the local population in the watershed of Temštica protested claiming that over 80% of the water was already taken out of their river and that further catchment of the water from it would result in an ecological catastrophe, especially in the canyon of Temštica popularly called "Little Colorado". As a result of this, municipality of Pirot officially opposed the government's decision in 2004 and 2006, but the government insisted on continuing the project. In protest, population of the village of Temska boycotted the Serbian parliamentary elections in January 2007.
Paleontological site.
The site, located at an elevation of , has been discovered in 2004 and the preliminary research began in 2005 with the help of German paleobiologists from Freiburg. In the Upper Triassic, 230 to 200 million years ago, the area was a shallow, ending part of the large tropical sea, the Tethys Ocean. The mud and sediments petrified in the form of plates which are rich in remains of mollusk shells (which have been found on the slopes of the Stara Planina at over ), sea worms, snails and other marine animals (sea crocodiles, sharks, giant mollusks) with indications that fossils of the dinosaurs can be found also. In some sections, Triassic sediments are over deep. 

</doc>
<doc id="18608184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608184" title="Selwo Marina">
Selwo Marina

Selwo Marina is a small (1.67 hectares) marine park located in Benalmádena, Spain. It is the only park of its kind in Andalusia.
The park has 4 areas; 'Antillas', 'Las Hondonada', 'Amazonia' and 'Isla de Hielo'. 'Antillas' is where the dolphin and sea lion pools are located. There are 4 large pools, three of which are home to their three bottlenose dolphins, and the last used for interactive programmes such as Swim With a Sea Lion. The main large pool (The 'Show Pool') is used by both the dolphins and sea lions during shows, however the sea lions do not have access to it otherwise. 'Las Hondonada' is the area in which the Bird and Snake Shows take place. There are also aviaries to view the parrots when they aren't performing. 'Amazonia' is a small indoor area containing tank of snakes, lizards, fish, caimans and a collection of others. 'Isla de Hielo' translates to 'Island of Ice' and is home to their collection of penguins. The penguin exhibit mimics that of their natural habitat; the amount of light they receive during the day is relative to what they would receive in the wild, so that during the summer the lights are at their dimmest, and in winter they are at their brightest.

</doc>
<doc id="18608235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608235" title="Craig Owens">
Craig Owens

Craig Michael Owens (born May 18, 1984) is an American musician best known as the lead vocalist of Chiodos. He has also had an involvement in various side projects such as Cinematic Sunrise and the supergroups Isles & Glaciers and Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows. A founding member of all four bands, Owens is as of August 2012 active with Chiodos, following a separation from the band from 2009 to early 2012. He has also recorded as a solo artist and appeared in the 2012 film "K-11".
Music career.
Chiodos.
While Chiodos and Cinematic Sunrise (see below) were recording and touring, Owens was struggling with personal issues. On July 24, 2008, four days after an overdose on Xanax in his Michigan home, he revealed in his Myspace blog that he had been suffering from bipolar disorder and anxiety attacks for years. He also announced that he took no lasting harm from the attempted overdose and would not be canceling any of his appearances with Chiodos.
Even after his separation from his first band, Owens continued to have an interest in working with them and, after being asked by his management about what project he most wanted to pursue, he made overtures about a possible return to Chiodos. On April 26, 2012, Owens announced his return to Chiodos. Subsequently, on April 27, the remaining members of D.R.U.G.S. revealed their intention to disband. Chiodos' first live appearance after their reunion took place on August 9, 2012 in a sold-out performance at Flint Local 432 in Michigan. As of that date, the members had tentative plans for a new album, on which they have been working separately but not yet begun to coordinate.
Cinematic Sunrise.
During this work with Chiodos, Owens and Bell formed the side project Cinematic Sunrise as a place to perform music that didn't fit Chiodos' style. When the band signed with Equal Vision, in March 2008, its line-up had included Owens, Bell, Bryan Beeler, Marcus Vankirk and Dave Shapiro. Cinematic Sunrise released an EP later that Spring, "A Coloring Storybook and Long Playing Record".
Isles & Glaciers.
In September 2008, Owens revealed to fans on his journal that in addition to several guest vocalist appearances, he was working on another side project with Jonny Craig of Emarosa/Dance Gavin Dance, Vic Fuentes of Pierce the Veil and Nick Martin of Cinematic Sunrise. When the Isles & Glaciers supergroup was officially announced in December, it also included Owens' bandmate Matt Goddard, Fuentes' brother and bandmate Mike Fuentes and Brian Southall from the band TREOS.
The supergroup premiered their first songs during a radio interview on January 18, 2009. The band's EP, "The Hearts of Lonely People", was released on March 9, 2010.
Asked in March 2012 if Isles & Glaciers would consider further collaboration, Owens indicated that the possibility "had" been discussed among various members of the group but not established; "we've tossed the idea around to see if we could put it back together, but that was just to see if we could do anything...there's no set plans right now."
Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows.
On September 15, 2009, Owens released a solo EP entitled "Με την αγάπη (With Love)" through Equal Vision Records. Nine days later, on September 24, 2009, Chiodos announced that they had parted ways with Craig Owens, announcing that the decision to "let Craig Owens go as the singer of Chiodos...was a necessary one", but refusing to disclose details "ut of respect for all of the hard work that we have put in together for all of these years". For the next several months, Owens maintained a low profile, taking personal time and writing songs.
In June 2010, at the time he discussed his upcoming project with Alternative Press, he had written or co-written 30 songs for a not-yet-completed supergroup signed to Decaydance featuring Nick Martin of Cinematic Sunrise and Aaron Stern of Matchbook Romance. On 17 August, Owens announced via Twitter that the new band would be named D.R.U.G.S. (Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows). On February 21, 2011, with the completed band lineup including Matt Good of From First to Last and Adam Russell of Story of the Year and production by John Feldmann, D.R.U.G.S. released their eponymous debut. The album reached #29 on The Billboard 200 and higher on some of Billboard's specialized lists, including hitting #6 on "Top Rock Albums", #5 on "Top Modern Rock/Alternative Albums" and #1 on "Top Hard Rock Albums." D.R.U.G.S. coheadlined the 2011 Alternative Press Tour.
In 2011, Owens made an appearance as the character Ian Sheffield in the film "K-11", which debuted at the Cannes Film Festival in 2012.
On 16 November 2013 Craig Owens performed Miles Away (Owens covered Kellin Quinn's verses) with Memphis May Fire at Vans Warped Tour UK.

</doc>
<doc id="18608239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608239" title="Emanuel Nascimento">
Emanuel Nascimento

Emmanuel Fortes Nascimento (born August 13, 1970 in Minas Gerais) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Brazil, who participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1988. His best result was the 6th place in the Men's 4×100-metre freestyle in 1992. 
At the 1988 Summer Olympics, in Seoul, he finished 10th in the 4×200-metre freestyle, 12th in the 4×100-metre freestyle, 18th in the 4×100-metre medley, 36th in the 200-metre butterfly, and 37th in the 100-metre freestyle.
He was the South American record holder of the 100-metre freestyle, between 1990 and 1991. 
At the 1991 World Aquatics Championships, Nascimento finished 24th in the 100-metre freestyle, and 26th in the 200-metre freestyle. 
He was at the 1991 Pan American Games, in Havana. He won gold in the 4×100-metre freestyle, and silver in the 4×200-metre freestyle. He also finished 6th in the 100-metre freestyle, and 7th in the 100-metre butterfly. 
At the 1992 Summer Olympics, in Barcelona, he finished 6th in the 4×100-metre freestyle, 7th in the 4×200-metre freestyle, and 25th in the 100-metre freestyle. 
After closing the swimming career, he became commercial director of Monytel, a company that operates in the field of communications.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18608242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18608242" title="Hilburn">
Hilburn

Hilburn may refer to:

</doc>
