<doc id="18994109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994109" title="Controversy over linguistic and ethnic identity in Moldova">
Controversy over linguistic and ethnic identity in Moldova

A controversy exists over the national identity and name of the native language of the main ethnic group in the Republic of Moldova. The issue more frequently disputed is whether Moldovans constitute a subgroup of Romanians or a separate ethnic group. While there is wide agreement about the existence of a common language, the controversy persists about the use of the term "Moldovan language" in certain political contexts.
The Declaration of Independence of the Republic of Moldova from 1991 calls the official language "Romanian", and the first anthem adopted by the independent Moldova was "Deşteaptă-te, române" ("Awaken, Romanian!"), the same as the anthem of Romania. Mirroring political evolutions in the country, the Constitution of Moldova (1994) calls the official language "Moldovan", and establishes as anthem "Limba noastră" ("Our language", without any explicit reference to its name). Moreover, in 2003, a non-judicial political document called "The Concept of National Policy of the Republic of Moldova", adopted by the then Communist-dominated Parliament, explicitly designates the Romanians as an ethnic minority in Moldova.
The officially sanctioned distinction between Moldovans and Romanians has been criticized by some members of the scientific community within Moldova. and raised protests from certain segments of the population, especially intellectuals and students, at their turn inspired by several political forces.
Self-identification and popular perceptions.
A survey published in 2002 by a Norwegian academic group led by Pål Kolstø found that ethnic self-identification as exclusively Romanian was very low in Moldova; only 12 of 762 people identified as exclusively Romanian. (The group did not interview any inhabitants of Transnistria.) On the question whether ethnic Moldovans differ from ethnic Romanians, 26% of the self-proclaimed Moldovans said "very different", 55% "somewhat different", and only 5% saw no difference. In contrast, on the question about the difference between the Moldavian and Romanian language, 53.5% saw no difference, 33.3% considered them "somewhat different", and 11% did not know. Kolstø et al. concluded that "Whatever the Romanian-speaking population of Moldavia used to regard themselves in the interwar period, the vast majority of them have now internalized a Moldovan ethnic identity." They noted however that this identity is only "weakly related" to language.
A poll conducted in Moldova by IMAS-Inc Chişinău in October 2009 presented a somewhat detailed picture of the perception of identity inside the country. The participants were asked to rate the relationship between the identity of Moldovans and that of Romanians on a scale between 1 (entirely the same) to 5 (completely different). The poll shows that 26% of the entire sample, which includes all ethnic groups, claim the two identities are the same or very similar, whereas 47% claim they are different or entirely different. The results vary significantly among different categories of subjects. For instance, 33% of the young respondents (ages 18–29) chose the same or very similar, and 44% different or very different. Among the senior respondents (aged over 60), the corresponding figures were 18.5% and 53%. One of the largest deviation from the country average was among the residents of capital Chişinău, for whom the figures were 42% and 44%. The poll also shows that, compared to the national average (25%), people are more likely to perceive the two identities as the same or very similar if they are young (33%), are native speakers of Romanian (30%), have higher education (36%) or reside in urban areas (30%), especially in the capital city (42%).
Linguistic dispute.
The 1994 Constitution calls the official language Moldovan, while the 1991 Moldovan Declaration of Independence refers to it as Romanian." The national school curriculum for 2012-13 lists the subjects ""Limba și literatura română" (Romanian language and literature)" and ""Istoria românilor și universală"" (literally "History of Romanians and universal (history)"). Romanian language was the name of the subject taught in schools since Moldova declared independence. As of 2013, the government of Moldova lists "Romanian" as one of the language options to view their website. Also, in December 2013, a decision of the Constitutional Court of Moldova ruled that the Declaration of Independence takes precedence over the Constitution and the state language should be called "Romanian".
There is essentially no disagreement that the standard form of the official language in Moldova is identical to standard Romanian. The spoken language of Moldova, in spite of small regional differences, is completely understandable to speakers from Romania and viceversa. The slight differences are in pronunciation and the choice of vocabulary. For example, , cabbage, drill and water melon are respectively "curechi", "sfredel" and "harbuz" in Moldova and Moldavia (Romania), but their synonyms "varză", "burghiu" and "pepene" are preferred in Wallachia. However, Daco-Romanian speakers might know and understand both forms of each term.
Those who want to avoid the linguistic controversy sometimes use the clause ""limba de stat" (state language)".
Dual citizenship.
In 2001, the EU pressured Romania to require an international passport for all Moldovan travelers.
Immediately thereafter, a substantial number of Moldovans began to apply for Romanian citizenship. Unofficial data from 2001 suggested that about 200,000 Moldovans also held a Romanian citizenship, despite the fact that dual citizenship was officially illegal in Moldova at the time. Due to the overwhelming number of applications, the Romanian embassy imposed a moratorium in 2002. Dual citizenship became an election issue during the 2003 local elections in Moldova. In November that year, the Moldovan parliament passed a law which allowed dual citizenship; this applied to other countries besides Romania, particularly Russia and Ukraine.
In September 2007, Romania resumed its policy of grating (or restoring as it says) Romanian citizenship to Moldovans who requested it. In response, the Communist-led Moldovan parliament passed a law (in October 2007) prohibiting anyone holding dual citizenship or residing abroad from holding public office. Until 2007, some 120 000 Moldovan citizens received Romanian citizenship. In 2009, Romania granted 36 000 more citizenships and expects to increase the number up to 10 000 per month.
The Moldavian law limiting the political rights of dual-citizenship holders was challenged to the European Court of Human Rights in the case of "Tanase v. Moldova". On April 27, 2010, the Grand Chamber of the EHCR decided the ban was "disproportionate with the government’s purpose of ensuring loyalty" of its public servants and members of parliament.
One applicant interviewed by "Der Spiegel" said: "I want to go further West with this passport. I don't care about Romania." The "EU Observer" wrote "Many Moldovans regard the Romanian passport as the key to the EU, according to Marian Gherman, a Bucharest prosecutor whose office has investigated a network of touts and bureaucrats who were expediting citizenship applications for money. “Everybody knows it,” he said. “They ask for Romanian citizenship only because it gives them the freedom to travel and work within the EU.” An official from the National Citizenship Authority, NCA, in Bucharest, speaking on condition of anonymity, confirmed that Moldovans had shown little interest in acquiring Romanian nationality until 2007."
According to a 2012 study by the Soros Foundation Romania, between 1991 and 15 August 2011 exactly 226,507 Moldovan residents have obtained Romanian citizenship. An updated study from the same source found that from the passing of the citizenship law in 1991 until the end of 2012, the number of successful applications from Moldova was 323,049. The actual number of persons granted citizenship in these applications remains unclear because each application may include minors dependent on the adult filing. The number of persons is estimated to be around 400,000.
Political positions.
The major Moldovan political forces have diverging opinions regarding the identity of Moldovans. This contradiction is reflected in their stance toward the national history that should be taught in schools. Forces such as the Liberal Party (PL), Liberal Democratic Party (PLDM) and Our Moldova Alliance (AMN) support the teaching of the history of Romanians. Others, such as the Democratic Party (PD) and the Party of Communists (PCRM) support the history of Republic of Moldova.
Moldovenism.
The Soviet attempts, which started after 1924 and were fully implemented after 1940, to strongly emphasize the local Moldovan identity and transform it into a separate ethnicity, as well as its reiteration in the post-independence Moldovan politics, especially during the Communist government (2001–2009), is often referred to as Moldovanism. The Moldovanist position refutes the purported Romanian-Moldovan ethnic identity, and also at times the existence of a common language. US historian James Stuart Olson, in his book - "An Ethnohistorical dictionary of the Russian and Soviet empires" - considers that Moldavians and Romanians are so closely related to the Romanian language, ethnicity and historical development that they can be considered one and the same people.
Since "Moldovan" is widely considered merely a political term used to designate the Romanian language, the supporters of a distinct language are often regarded as anti-scientific or politicianist. A typical example is the Moldovan-Romanian dictionary.
Moldovan presidents on the language and identity of Moldovans.
Mircea Snegur, the first Moldovan President (1992–1996), a somewhat versatile supporter of the common Romanian-Moldovan ethnic and linguistic identity
"În suflet eram (şi sunt) mai român decât mulţi dintre învinuitori."
"In my soul I was (and am) more Romanian than most of my accusers."
Vladimir Voronin, President of Moldova (2001–2009), an adversary of the common Romanian-Moldovan ethnic identity, acknowledged at times the existence of a common language.
«Limba moldovenească este de fapt mama limbii române. S-o numeşti română înseamnă să înşeli istoria şi să-ţi nedreptăţeşti propria mamă.»
"Moldovan is in fact the mother of the Romanian language. To call it Romanian is to betray history and to commit injustice to your own mother."
"Vorbim aceeaşi limba, chiar dacă o numim diferit."
"We speak the same language Romania and Moldova, even though we call it differently."
Mihai Ghimpu, speaker of the Moldovan Parliament and interim president (2009–2010), a staunch supporter of the common Romanian-Moldovan ethnic identity:
"Dar ce am câştigat având la conducere oameni care ştiau că limba e română şi că noi suntem români, dar au recunoscut acest adevăr doar după ce au plecat de la guvernare? Eu nu am venit să manipulez cetăţenii, ci să le spun adevărul."
"What have we gained having as leaders people who knew that the language is Romanian and that we are Romanians, but acknowledged this truth only after they left office? I have not come to manipulate the citizens, but to tell them the truth."
History.
Principality of Moldavia (1359–1812).
Moldavian identity in medieval chronicles.
The chronicles of medieval Moldavia attested the names used by the inhabitants of Moldavia to refer to themselves as well as the common language and origin of Moldavians, Wallachians and Transylvanians. The first important chronicler of Moldavia, Grigore Ureche (1590–1647), states that the Romanians of the Hungarian Kingdom and Moldavians have the same origin, since both "come from Rome". The same author refers to the language of his work as "our Moldavian language". Later, chronicler Miron Costin (1633–1691) wrote in his "On the Moldavian nation" that the "oldest and more righteous" name of the people inhabiting Moldavia, Wallachia and Transylvania is "Rumân" (Romanian), "that is Roman", and that this name was kept from Emperor Trajan's colonizations till to that day, albeit more commonly among the Wallachians and the Romanians of Transylvania. He also mentioned that, while the people of Moldavia identify as "Moldavian", they call their language "Romanian". His son, chronicler Nicolae Costin (1660–1712), expressed similar opinions.The Wallachian chronicler Constantin Cantacuzino (1655–1716) explains that by Romanians he means Romanians from Wallachia, Transylvania, and Moldavia, as they all speak essentially the same language and have a common origin. Nevertheless he also states that, unlike the Wallachians and the Romanians from Transylvania, which identify as "Romanians", the population of Moldavia identifies as "Moldavian". Dimitrie Cantemir (1673–1723), Prince of Moldavia and member of the Royal Academy of Berlin, wrote a history book called "Hronicul vechimei a Romano-Moldo-Vlahilor" (Chronicle of the Ancientness of the Romanian-Moldavian-Vlachs). In the introductory part, he calls it "a chronicle of the entire Romanian land" ("Hronicon a toată Ţara Românească") that "later was divided into Moldavia, Wallachia and Transylvania" ("care apoi s-au împărţit în Moldova, Muntenească şi Ardealul") and mentions that the book was first written in Latin and then translated into Romanian ("pre limba românească"). While attesting that the people of Moldavia call themselves "Moldavians", he also states that "Romanian" is to be used when referring commonly to Transylvanians, Moldavians and Wallachians("carii cu toţii cu un nume de obşte români să chiamă").
Selected foreign travelers about Moldavians.
Several foreign travelers through Moldavia since the 16th century noted that locals called themselves "Romanians" and their language "Romanian". They also mention the awareness of a common Roman origin among the inhabitants of Moldavia and neighbouring Wallachia and Transylvania . Georg Reicherstorffer (1495–1554), a Transylvanian Saxon, was the emissary of Ferdinand I of Habsburg in Wallachia and Moldavia. Reicherstorffer had traveled in 1527 and 1535 in the Principality of Moldavia and wrote his travel memoirs - "Moldaviae quae olim Daciae pars, Chorographia" (1541) and also "Chorographia Transylvaniae"(1550). Describing the geography of Moldavia he finds that "besides this name it is also called Wallachia" and then speaking about the Moldavian people he says that "the Roman language still endures in this nation...so the Wallachians [from Moldavia are an Italian nation, as they claim, from the old Romans". A chronicler and mercenary from Verona, Alessandro Guagnini (1538–1614), traveled twice in Moldavia and helped Despot Vodă (Ioan Iacob Heraclid) gain the throne in 1563. In his biography of the prince, "Vita despothi Principis Moldaviae", he described to the people of Moldavia:"This nation of Wallachians refer to themselves as "Romana" and say that they originate from exiled Romans of Italy. Their language is a mixture of Latin and Italian languages, so that an Italian can easily understand a Wallachian". After a visit to Moldavia an anonymous traveler, probably an Italian Jesuit, wrote in 1587 a description of the people and found that "these people belong to the Greek faith, they take kindly to everything that is Roman, maybe because of their corrupted language from Latin, or for the belief they have about their descent from the Romans, as they call themselves "Romans"". Also, according to these sources, the Slav neighbours called Moldovans "Vlachs" or "Volokhs", a term equally used to refer to all the Romance speakers from Wallachia, Transylvania, and the Balkan peninsula. Nicolaus Olahus (1493–1568), proeminent humanist, writes in "Hungaria et Attila" that the Moldavians have the same language, rituals and religion as the Wallachians and that the only way to distinguish them is by their clothes. He also mentions that the language of Moldavians and other Vlach peoples was once Roman (Latin), as they all were colonies of the Roman Empire.
Thomas Thornton (1762–1814) wrote a book in 1807 about his numerous travels inside the Ottoman Empire and says that the Wallachian and Moldavian peasants call themselves "Rumun, or Roman", to distinguish themselves from boyars (local nobles), and that their language is a corrupt Latin.
Early works in the local language of Moldavia.
Similarly, in 1643, The Moldavian Prince Vasile Lupu sponsored a book of homilies translated by Metropolitan Varlaam of Moldavia from Slavonic into Romanian ("pre limba Romeniască") and titled "Carte Românească de Învăţătură" (Romanian Book of Learning) . The foreword by Prince Lupu says that it is addressed to the entire Romanian nation everywhere ("la toată semenția românească de pretutindeni"). The book, also known as "Cazania of Varlaam" (Varlaam's Homiliary), was the very first printed in Moldavia and large numbers of copies spread in the neighboring provinces inhabited by Romanian speakers. Furthermore, as a reaction to the translation in Transylvania of the Calvinist catechism into Romanian, Metropolitan Varlaam wrote in 1645 a "Response to the Calvinist Catechism" ("Răspuns la Catehismul calvinesc") addressed to "the beloved Christians and with us one Romanian nation" from Transylvania Vasile Lupu sponsored the printing in 1646 of the first code of laws in Moldavia titled Romanian Book of Learning ("Carte românească de învăţătură de la pravilele împărăteşti şi de la alte giudeţe"). The book was inspired by Byzantine tradition and in 1652 a virtually identical code of laws appeared in Wallachia, sponsored by Prince Matei Basarab.
Moldavian Metropolitan Dosoftei printed "Dumnezaiasca Liturghie" ("Divine Liturgy") in Romanian ("tiparita româneste"). In his "Foreword to the Romanian nation" ("Cuvânt depreuna catra semintia rumaneasca"), Dosoftei calls the book a gift to the Romanian language ("acest dar limbii rumânesti") translated from Greek ("de pre elineasca") into Romanian ("pre limba rumâneasca").
Later, after the annexation of Bessarabia by the Russian empire, religious books written in the region commonly called the language "Moldavian". Thus a menologium printed in Chişinău in 1819 states it was translated from Slavonic into Moldavian (тълмъчиндуль де пре лимба Словенѣскъ пре чѣ Молдовенѣскъ), as does a typicon from 1821 (Сау тълмъчить Молдовенеще де пре чель Словенескь).
Diplomats' opinion.
Joseph II, Ruler of the Austrian Empire and Catherine II, Empress of Russia between 1762–1796, were willing to unite Moldavia and Wallachia, then under Ottoman sovereignty, in order to create an independent buffer state between Russia and Austria. The proposed independent state, named Dacia, would have contained Moldavia, Bessarabia and Wallachia, but Catherine wished it under Russian influence as it was presented in the so-called "Greek Project". During the British Parliament debates of 1793, Mr. Whitebread, speaking about the initiative of France to erect an independent Belgium from Austro-Hungaria, mentions Edmund Burke's initiative to form an independent state from the Ottoman Empire, named Circle of the Danube comprising Wallachia, Moldavia and Bessarabia.
Also, the memoirs of Sir James Porter (1720–1786), British diplomat, ambassador to the Sublime Porte in Istanbul from 1747 to 1762, mentions that, inside the Ottoman Empire, next in number to the Slavonians are the "Rumelians" or "Romani", to whom the Moldavians and Wallachians belong, who call themselves "Rumuryi".
Bessarabia in the Russian Empire (1812–1918).
In 1812, the eastern part of the Principality of Moldavia, called Bessarabia, which includes the current territory of Republic of Moldova (except for Transnistria) was ceded by the Ottomans to the Russian empire.
The idea of a unified state including all Romanian speakers from Transylvania, Moldavia and Wallachia did not emerge before the 18th century, as it was "foreign to the spirit of the age" Starting with the 18th century, a pan-Romanian national idea appeared, inspired by the German and French romantic nationalism. The young boyars from Moldavia and Wallachia educated in western universities returned home with ambitious political goals to modernize their countries, and sought to accomplish the ideal of a unified Romanian nation state. One important step was achieved in 1859, in a favorable international context, with the election of Alexandru Ioan Cuza as a common ruler of the autonomous principalities of Wallachia and (western) Moldavia. The newly formed Romanian state set among its primary tasks to inculcate the sentiment of belonging to a common Romanian nation to the illiterate rural majority through state-funded universal elementary school. The Romantic historical discourse reinterpreted history as a march towards the unified state. The creation of a standardized Romanian language and orthography, the adoption of the Roman alphabet to replace the older Cyrillic were also important elements of the national project. Although still under foreign rule, the masses of Romanians in the multiethnic Transylvania developed a Romanian national consciousness, owing to their interaction with the ethnic groups, and as a reaction to the status of political inferiority and the aggressive nationalist politicies of the later Hungarian national state.
Such developments were not reflected in the Russian controlled Bessarabia. The Russification policy of the regime, more successful among the higher strata of the society, did not have an important effect on the majority of rural Moldavians. As Romanian politician Take Ionescu noted at the time, "the Romanian landlords were Russified through a policy of cooptation, the government allowing them to maintain leading positions in the administration of the province, whereas the peasantry was indifferent to the national problem: there were no schools for de-nationalization, and, although the church service was held in Russian, this was actually of little significance" Furthermore, as University of Bucharest lecturer Cristina Petrescu noted, Bessarabia missed "the reforms aimed at transforming the two united principalities and Moldavia into a modern state" Irina Livezeanu claims that, moreover, at the beginning of the 20th century, peasants in all regions of the former principality of Moldavia were more likely to identify as Moldavians than the inhabitants of the cities.
In 1849, George Long writes that Wallachia and Moldavia are separated only by a political boundary and that their history is closely connected. About the latter he says that it is inhabited mainly by "Wallachians" who call themselves "Roomoon" (Romanian). Ethnologist Robert Gordon Latham, writes in 1854, that the name by which a Wallachian, Moldavian or a Bessarabian designates himself is "Roman" or "Rumanyo" (Romanian), a name the author also applies to the Romance speakers of Macedonia. Similarly, in 1845, German brothers Arthur Schott and Albert Schott (historian) write in the beginning of their book - "Walachische Mährchen" (Wallachian Fairy Tales) - that Wallachians live in Wallachia, Moldavia, Transylvania, Hungary, Macedonia and Thessaly. The authors also mentions that Wallachians respond "Eo sum Romanu" (I am Romanian) when asked what they are.
Bessarabia within Greater Romania (1918–1940).
In 1918, Sfatul Ţării voted for the union of Bessarabia with the Kingdom of Romania. At the time, the Romanian army was already present in Bessarabia. US historian Charles Upson Clark notes that several Bessarabian ministers, Codreanu, Pelivan and Secara, and the Russian commander-in-chief Shcherbachev had asked for its intervention to maintain order. He also mentions that after the arrival of Romanian army "all classes in Bessarabia, except the Russian revolutionaries, breathed a sigh of relief". However, he adds that, at the beginning, the intervention had "roused great resentment among those who still clung to the hope of a Bessarabian state within the Russian Federated Republic" such as Ion Inculet, president of Sfatul Tarii and prime-minister Pantelimon Erhan who initially demanded the prompt withdrawal of the Romanian troops to avoid a civil war. However, Inculet later welcomed Romanian general Brosteanu, who was in charge with the intervention, to a formal reception at Sfatul Tarii.
Given the complex circumstances, some scholars such as Cristina Petrescu and US historian Charles King considered controversial the Bessarabian vote in favor of the union with Romania. On the contrary, historian Sorin Alexandrescu thinks that the presence of the Romanian army "did not cause the unification, [...] but only consolidated it".
. Similarly, Bernard Newman, who traveled by bike in the whole of Greater Romania, claimed there is little doubt that the vote represented the prevailing wish in Bessarabia and that the events leading to the unification indicate there was no question of a "seizure", but a voluntary act on the part of its people.
Quoting Emmanuel de Martonne, historian Irina Livezeanu mentions that, around the time of the union, Bessarabian peasants "still called thesemlves Moldovans". She adds Ion Nistor's explanation from 1915 of a similar earlier phenomenon in the Austrian-ruled Bukovina, where peasants had called themselves Moldovans but "under the influence of the literary language, the term 'Moldovan' was then replaced by 'Romanian'", while "in Bessarabia this influence has not penetrated yet"
After the unification, a few French and Romanian military reports from the period mentioned the reticence or hostility of the Bessarabian ethnic minorities, at times together with Moldovans, towards the new Romanian administration. Livezeanu also notes that, at the beginning, the Moldovan urban elite educated under Russian rule spoke predominantly Russian, and despised Romania as "uncivilized" and the culture of its elite, of which it knew very little.
Owing partly to its relative underdevelopment compared to other regions of Greater Romania, as well as to the low competence and corruption of some of the new Romanian administration in this province, the process of "turning Bessarabian peasants into Romanians" was less successful than in other regions and was soon to be disrupted by the Soviet occupation. Cristina Petrescu thinks that the transition between the Tsarist-type of local administration to the centralized Romanian administration alienated many Moldovans, and many of them felt they were rather occupied than united with "their alleged brothers". Based on the stories told by a group of Bessarabians from the villages of the Balti county, who, notably, chose to move to Romania rather than live under the Soviet regime, Cristina Petrescu suggests that Bessarabia seems to be only region of the Greater Romania where the central authorities did not succeed "in integrating their own coethnics", most of whom "did not even begin to consider themselves part of the Romanian nation, going beyond their allegiance to regional and local ties" .
Bessarabia within the Soviet Union (1940–1992).
In 1940, Bessarabia, along with northern Bukovina, was incorporated into the USSR following an ultimatum sent to the Romanian government. The Soviet authorities took several steps to emphasize the distinction between the Moldovans and the Romanians, at times using the physical elimination of pan-Romanian supporters, deemed as "enemies of the people". They were repressed by the NKVD and KGB for their "bourgeois nationalism". The Soviet propaganda also sought to secure a separate status for the varieties of the Romanian language spoken in the USSR. Thus, it imposed the use of a Cyrillic script derived from the Russian alphabet, and promoted the exclusive use of the name "Moldovan language", forbidding the use of the name "Romanian language". The harsh anti-Romanian Soviet policy left a trace on the identity of Moldovans.

</doc>
<doc id="18994125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994125" title="Derek Goodrich">
Derek Goodrich

The Very Reverend Derek Hugh Goodrich was the Dean of St George's Cathedral, Georgetown, Guyana from 1984 in the last decades of the 20th century. Born in 1927 and educated at Selwyn College, Cambridge, he was ordained in 1975 after a period of study at St Stephen's House, Oxford. He began his ecclesiastical career with a curacy at "St Andrew and St Francis Willesden Green" before being appointed Vicar of Port Mourant, Guyana in 1967. From here he became Rural Dean of Berbice, then Archdeacon of Demerara before being elected to the Deanery of the Diocese in 1984. A noted historian, he resigned in 1993 and retired to Lingfield, Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="18994127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994127" title="Saturn (disambiguation)">
Saturn (disambiguation)

Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun
Saturn may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18994134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994134" title="Electoral district of Williams">
Electoral district of Williams

There are two abolished electorates by the name of Williams in Australia:

</doc>
<doc id="18994141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994141" title="Stormfront (website)">
Stormfront (website)

Stormfront is a white nationalist, white supremacist and neo-Nazi internet forum that was the internet's first major racial hate site.
Stormfront began as an online bulletin board system in the early 1990s before being established as a website in 1995 by former Ku Klux Klan leader and white nationalist activist Don Black. It received national attention in the United States in 2000 after being featured as the subject of a documentary, "Hate.com". Stormfront has been the subject of controversy after being removed from French, German and Italian Google indexes, for targeting an online FOX News poll on racial segregation, and for having political candidates as members. Its prominence has grown since the 1990s, attracting attention from watchdog organizations that oppose racism and antisemitism.
The website is a theme-based discussion forum with numerous boards for topics including ideology, science, revisionism, homeschooling, and self defense. Stormfront also hosts news stories, a merchandise store, and extensive links to racist organizations. The site has a logo featuring the Celtic cross common to neo-nazi iconography surrounded by the motto "White Pride World Wide".
History.
Early history.
Stormfront began in 1990 as an online bulletin board for white nationalist activist David Duke's campaign for United States Senator of Louisiana. The name "Stormfront" was chosen for its connotations of a political or military front and an analogy with weather fronts that invokes the idea of a tumultuous storm ending in cleansing. It was opened to the public in 1994, and the Stormfront.org website was founded in 1995, becoming the first website associated with white supremacy. Until this point, attempts at using the internet for the white pride movement met with limited success, but Stormfront quickly began to become popular with the growth of the internet at this time, according to owner Don Black. A former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan and in the 1970s a member of the National Socialist White People's Party, Black first received computer training while imprisoned for his role in an abortive 1981 attempt to overthrow the government of Dominica.
National attention.
The site received considerable attention in the United States, such as in "Hate.com", a 2000 CBS/HBO documentary television special which focused on the perceived threat of white nationalist and white supremacist organisations on the internet. Narrated by Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center, it featured interviews with Black and his son Derek as well as other white nationalist groups and organisations, and was criticised by Black as conflating Stormfront with unrelated websites and individuals. Carol M. Swain, assessing "Hate.com" and similar broadcasts of the period, found that the commentators "never seriously discuss the issues that have angered white nationalists", noting that "Hate.com" omitted any coverage of Stormfront's articles on crime, affirmative action and other social issues. She characterised the documentaries' approach as "typical of media policy" in emphasising racial hate against minority groups and avoiding mention of racially motivated attacks on white people, thereby reinforcing "white nationalists' claim of a double standard". Stormfront had previously been accused of citing crime statistics out of context in order to support claims of reverse discrimination in "I Found It on the Internet", a 1999 book on internet content by Frances Jacobson Harris.
Controversies.
In 2002, search engine Google acted to remove Stormfront.org from their French and German indexes in order to comply with French and German legislation forbidding links to websites which host white supremacist, Holocaust-denying, historical revisionism or similar material. Stormfront returned to the news in May 2003, when its members targeted an online poll on a racial issue. Fox News Channel host Bill O'Reilly reported on a racially segregated prom being held in Georgia and posted a poll on his website asking his viewers if they would send their own children to one. A link to the poll was posted on Stormfront and messages subsequently posted there implied that a mass of readers had duly voted in order to skew the poll in favor of segregation. O'Reilly reported this the following week and refused to read the final results due to this, citing Stormfront as the culprit by name and referring to it as a "Neo-Nazi organization". Doug Hanks, a candidate for the Charlotte, North Carolina, city council, withdrew his nomination in August 2005 after it was revealed that he had posted on Stormfront. Hanks had posted more than 4,000 comments over three years, including one in which he described black people as "rabid beasts". Hanks said his postings were intended to gain the trust of Stormfront users to help him write a novel: "I did what I thought I needed to do to establish myself as a credible white nationalist."
In 2012 in Italy the police have blocked the website and arrested 4 people for allegedly inciting racial hatred. The measure was taken after the publication on the Italian section of the website of a blacklist of prominent Jews and people who support Jews and immigrants. Also a list of possible targets of violent attacks (including gypsy camps) was found.
Popularity and later history.
In a 2001 "USA Today" article, journalist Tara McKelvey called Stormfront "the most visited white supremacist site on the net". The number of registered users on the site rose from 5,000 in January 2002 to 52,566 in June 2005, by which year it was the 338th largest internet forum, received more than 1,500 hits each weekday and ranked in the top one percent of internet sites in terms of use. By June 2008, the site was attracting more than 40,000 unique users each day. Operating the site from its West Palm Beach, Florida headquarters is Black's full-time job, and he is assisted by his son and 40 moderators. The popularity of the site attracted attention not only from racists, but also from groups such as the Simon Wiesenthal Center and the Anti-Defamation League (ADL), whose efforts against the site have been so far ineffective. The ADL describes Stormfront as having "served as a veritable supermarket of online hate, stocking its shelves with many forms of anti-Semitism and racism".
In 2006, the Southern Poverty Law Center reported a discussion on Stormfront in which white nationalists were encouraged to join the U.S. Military in order to learn the skills necessary for winning a race war. The 2008 United States presidential candidacy of African-American Democrat Barack Obama was a cause of significant concern for some Stormfront members; the site got 2,000 new members the day after Obama was elected as President, and went off-line temporarily due to the overwhelming amount of activity. Stormfront posters saw Obama as representing a new multicultural era in the United States replacing "white rule", feared that he would support illegal immigration and affirmative action, and would help make white people a minority group. During the primary campaigns, "The New York Times" mistakenly reported that Stormfront had donated $500 to Republican presidential hopeful Ron Paul; in fact, it was site owner Don Black who had contributed the money to Paul. In an April 2009 shooting, Richard Poplawski, a poster on the site, was charged with ambushing and killing three Pittsburgh Police officers and attempting to kill nine others.
Content.
Stormfront is notable for the white supremacist views of its members, a characterization that is contested by Don Black as an inaccurate description; Black believes the term "supremacy" implies a system which "isn't descriptive of what members want". It is also a Neo-Nazi website, on which Nazi mysticism and the personality cult of Adolf Hitler are sustained and Nazi iconography is popular. The Stormfront.org website is organized primarily as a discussion forum with multiple thematic sub-fora including "News", "Ideology and Philosophy" ("Foundations for White Nationalism"), "Culture and Customs", "Theology", "Quotations", "Revisionism", "Science, Technology and Race" ("Genetics, eugenics, racial science and related subjects"), "Privacy", "Self-Defense, Martial Arts, and Preparedness", "Homemaking", "Education and Homeschooling", "Youth", and "Music and Entertainment". There are boards for different geographic regions, and a section open to unregistered guests, who are elsewhere unable to post, and even then, only under heavy moderation.
Services.
Stormfront.org is comprehensive and frequently updated, hosting files from and links to a number of white nationalist and white racist websites, an online dating service (for "heterosexual White Gentiles only"), and electronic mailing lists that allow the white nationalist community to discuss issues of interest. It also features a selection of current news reports, an archive of past stories, live streaming of "The Political Cesspool" radio show, and a merchandise store featuring literature and music. Stormfront has published stories aimed at children. A 2001 study of recruitment by extremist groups on the internet noted that Stormfront came close to offering most of the standard services offered by web portals, including an internal search engine, web hosting, and categorized links, and lacking only in an internet search engine and the provision of free email for its members (though a limited email service was available at the price of $30 a month).
Design.
Prominently featured on the homepage is a Celtic cross surrounded by the words "white pride, world wide." A mission statement praises courage and freedom. Stormfront states it discourages racial slurs, and prohibits violent threats and descriptions of anything illegal. Others state that only blatant hate and calls for violence are kept off the opening page.
Funding.
Black asks website visitors for $7,500 each month for "basic expenses" and described early 2012 as the "slowest month" for donations. The website allows people to be "Sustaining Members" for as low as $5 a month or $1,000 to be a lifetime supporter.
Character.
Purpose and appeal.
Don Black has long worked to increase the mainstream appeal of white supremacism. His medium is Stormfront.org. Black established the website to heighten awareness of perceived anti-white discrimination and government actions detrimental to white people, and to create a virtual community of white extremists. Black owns the site's servers so he need not depend on website hosting providers.
Black's organization inculcates enough white pride to make "its worldwide aspirations meaningful and socially significant". Stormfront keeps the rhetoric in its forums muted, discourages racial slurs, and prohibits violent threats and descriptions of anything illegal. Site moderator Jamie Kelso is "the motivating force behind real community-building among Stormfront members" due to his energy and enthusiasm in organizing offline events. Black's positioning the site as a community with the explicit purpose of "defending the white race" has helped sustain the community over its long lifetime, as it attracts white men and women who define themselves in opposition to ethnic minorities, particularly Jews.
Stormfront established MartinLutherKing.org to discredit Martin Luther King, Jr. In a 2001 study of white nationalist groups including Stormfront, academics Beverly Ray and George E. Marsh II commented that "Like the Nazis before them, they rely upon a blend of science, ignorance, and mythology to prop up their arguments".
Ideology.
Stormfront presents itself as engaged in a struggle for unity, identifying culture, speech and free association as its core concerns, though members of Stormfront are especially passionate about racial purity. It promotes a lone wolf mentality, linking to white nationalist theorist Louis Beam's influential work on leaderless resistance and offering a sympathetic assessment of Benjamin Nathaniel Smith, a white supremacist who committed suicide after a racially-motivated killing spree in June 1999. Scholar Violet Jones notes that Stormfront credits its mission to the founding myth of an America "created, built, and ideologically grounded by the descendants of white Europeans." Asked in 2008 by an interviewer for Italian newspaper "la Repubblica" whether Stormfront was a 21st-century version of the Ku Klux Klan without the iconography, Black responded affirmatively, though he noted that he would never say so to an American journalist.
Activism.
In 2009, roughly two dozen white supremacists demonstrated outside the St. Clair County, Illinois courthouse in response to a school bus beating which a police spokesman had initially said was racially motivated. The rally had been promoted and organized in part by Stormfront users. It lasted for roughly one hour before being broken up by police.

</doc>
<doc id="18994144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994144" title="Electoral district of Wellington">
Electoral district of Wellington

There are three abolished electorates by the name of Wellington in Australia:
Additionally, three other past and present electorates incorporate the name Wellington:

</doc>
<doc id="18994148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994148" title="Iohana Cruz">
Iohana Cruz

Iohana Cruz Talabera (born January 9, 1980) is a female diver from Cuba. She represented her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000 (Sydney, Australia). Cruz won a bronze medal at the 2003 Pan American Games alongside Yolanda Ortiz in the Women's 10m Platform Synchro event.

</doc>
<doc id="18994154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994154" title="Castle Roche">
Castle Roche

Castle Roche ("Castleroche") is a Norman castle located some 10 km (7 miles) north-west of Dundalk, County Louth, Ireland. It was the seat of the De Verdun family (also spelt De Verdon), who built the castle in 1236 AD. 
It is built upon a large rocky outcrop and commands extensive views of the surrounding country. Together with a deep moat its strong walls rendered it virtually impregnable. A secret passage once connected the castle to a round tower outpost. St. Ronan's Well lies nearby,
History.
The De Verdun family of Belton, Leicestershire and Alton, Staffordshire had a history in the region, Bertram de Verdun arriving as part of John's first expedition to Ireland. By 1185 he had erected a manor house at Castletown Mount and subsequently obtained the town's charter in 1189.
Bertram's granddaughter Rohesia de Verdun from Alton, England was married to Theobald le Botiller, 2nd Chief Butler of Ireland. After her husband’s sudden death whist travelling in Poitou, France, she moved to her lands in Ireland. She immediately set about fortifying the land with a castle. However, her quick tempered reputation deterred all potential architects. She then offered her hand in marriage (and thereby a share in her wealth) to the man who would build the castle to her liking. Local legend has it, after their wedding banquet in the newly completed castle, she invited her husband to the bridal suite and urged him to view their estate from the large bedroom window. Taking no chances with the castle’s secrets, she promptly pushed her new husband from the window, where he plummeted towards his death. The window was known thereafter as the Murder Window. Rohesia became a nun in Gracedieu Priory, Leicestershire, died there in 1247 and was buried in nearby Belton parish church where her effigy may be seen. Although it is generally accepted that Rohesia originally commissioned the castle, much of it is thought to have been added by her son by Theobald; John. The name "Castle Roche" is thought to be derived from Rohesia's Castle.
The site of the castle held a strategic position on the frontier between the (then) exclusively Gaelic province of Ulster, and the Anglo-Norman territory known as The Pale and controlled the pass into what is now South Armagh. The de Verdon family held the site for many years. Nicholas de Verdon (who died in 1316) was in charge during the Bruce Invasion by Edward Bruce, brother of Robert the Bruce. A hosting of all English forces in Ireland took place here in 1561 but the castle was finally laid to ruin in 1641, during the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="18994164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994164" title="Southern Nights (Glen Campbell album)">
Southern Nights (Glen Campbell album)

Southern Nights is the 32nd album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1977 (see 1977 in music).
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="18994171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994171" title="Ryan McGuire">
Ryan McGuire

Ryan Byron McGuire (born November 23, 1971 in Bellflower, California, United States) is a retired professional baseball player. He played six seasons in Major League Baseball, from 1997–2002, as a first baseman and outfielder. In his MLB career, he played for the Montreal Expos, New York Mets, Florida Marlins, and Baltimore Orioles.
Before entering professional baseball, McGuire was a first-team All-American for the UCLA Bruins, and was a standout two-way player for El Camino Real High School.
He signed a minor-league deal with the Orioles on November 16, 2001. After the Orioles purchased his contract on May 18, 2002, he batted .077 with two runs batted in in 17 games. His designation for assignment two months later on July 16 ended the major-league portion of his playing career.

</doc>
<doc id="18994181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994181" title="Kevin Jordan (baseball)">
Kevin Jordan (baseball)

Kevin Wayne Jordan (October 9, 1969 in San Francisco, California), is a retired American Australian Major League Baseball infielder who played for the Philadelphia Phillies from 1995 to 2001. He also played a substantial part of his career with the Brisbane Bandits in the Australian Baseball League from 1993 through to 1997.
In the winter of 1997 when he was playing in Brisbane, he met his future wife who he got married to shortly after and obtained Australian citizenship, technically meaning he was the 7th "Australian" to play in the Major Leagues, but is excluded from the list of 27 Australian MLB players as it is officially an Australian players to debut in the MLB, where Jordan was American at the time of his debut.
Jordan is currently the manager of the Brisbane Bandits in the Australian Baseball League.

</doc>
<doc id="18994184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994184" title="Yolanda Ortiz Espinosa">
Yolanda Ortiz Espinosa

Yolanda Ortiz Espinosa (born October 26, 1978) is a female diver from Cuba. She represented her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000 (at Sydney, Australia). 
She won a bronze medal at the 2003 Pan American Games alongside Iohana Cruz in the Women's 10m Platform Synchro event.

</doc>
<doc id="18994186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994186" title="Dalhousie, Sri Lanka">
Dalhousie, Sri Lanka

Dalhousie or Delhousie is a town in Nuwara Eliya District, Sri Lanka. The town is situated en route to Adam's Peak. The town borrowed its name from a nearby tea estate.

</doc>
<doc id="18994192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994192" title="City of Cambridge Rowing Club">
City of Cambridge Rowing Club

City of Cambridge Rowing Club (CCRC) is the oldest 'town' (or CRA) rowing and sculling club in Cambridge, UK, and with about 300 members, it has one of the largest active rowing memberships in the region. The club's colours are dark blue, with a band of claret sandwiched between two bands of 'old gold'.
The club has one of the most successful historic records in town rowing as the only club to hold the men's headship for ten successive years (between 1951 and 1961), and its recent record includes winning the John Jenner trophy as the most successful club in Town Bumps for four successive years (2007, 2008, 2009, 2010), with its women having reached "Head of the River" in 2008. The club also won the Lester Trophy (for Intermediate Club Coxed Fours) at Henley Women's Regatta in 2010.
The club has the largest novice rowing squad of any Cambridge town club, with the club having the fastest men's and novice women's crews in most local races for the past few years, and holding various local records for fastest novice race times.
Facilities.
The club was the first Cambridge town rowing club to build its own boathouse on the banks of the river Cam, and it is still based at the same site, in the main row of boathouses opposite Midsummer Common. Many local CRA races are run from this clubhouse.
The club has a fleet of racing shells and training boats, consisting of seven VIIIs, nine IVs/4xs, and over a dozen smaller boats including double sculls, pairs and single scull). The club's boats have ARA alphanumeric registration codes starting with the letters "CAM" followed by three digits.
Racing.
The club competes all year round at local CRA races on the River Cam, at regional regattas and head races such as those at Peterborough, Bedford and Norwich, and at major national events including Men's and Women's Tideway Head of the River Races, Henley Women's Regatta, Henley Royal Regatta and the National Championships. Club crews also occasionally compete at international events such as the Head of the Charles, the Galway Head and FISA Masters.
The biggest race in the local calendar is the CRA Bumps (or "town bumps") in which almost all club members participate. In 2008, the women's squad reached first position ("Head") in this race. The club has won the John Jenner trophy (for the most successful club in CRA bumps) for the past three years.
CCRC Events.
The club hosts and runs several local rowing races on the River Cam, including the CRA Winter League (a "league" event run over the Cam Head Course over three successive months), the Head 2 Head races (where the standard Head Course is rowed twice in quick succession; first downstream and then, minutes later, in the more usual upstream direction) in spring and winter, the CCRC Sprint Regatta (a short ~400 m side-by-side sprint regatta outside the bothouses along Midsummer Common) and the Christmas Head (an upstream race past most of the boathouses).
History.
City of Cambridge is the oldest town rowing club on the Cam. Early records show the existence of the 'Cambridge Boat Racing Club' in 1844, the largest contingent of which went on to become the 'Cambridge Town Rowing Club' in 1863. The Town club was formed by John Harvey in the working men's club that used to be located on Market Hill; this formed the core of what became CCRC in 1932. The club's colours are dark blue, Claret and Old Gold.
Records are scarce for the first part of the twentieth century, with results in both the Bumps and the Eight's Head on the Thames existing from the late 1940s onwards. In 1953 the first eight finished 53rd on the Thames and held the headship in the Town Bumps. In the same year, the club's 90th anniversary, the first Town regatta was run on the Cam. The course ran from the Pike and Eel all the way down the long reach and round to the Plough. The Cambridge Daily News reported that R. Evans of St Neots was disqualified for knocking M. Clay of Nottingham and Union into the river during their singles race. Clay appeared to collect the trophy 'soaked to the skin, his hair on end and in bare feet'. The City Sprints are now held in front of the boat houses over a shorter course.
City purchased the freehold to the boathouse in 1959 and in 1963 celebrated its official centenary by opening its new boathouse.
Bumps Racing.
University Bumps races had been held from the 1820s onwards but the town bumps only really took shape with the formation of the CRA (Cambridgeshire Rowing Association) in 1868. City were head of the river in the Town Bumps in 1875 but performed poorly until 1914 when they reached third place. In 1949 the 1st boat won their blades and in 1951 they were head of the river for the first time since the headship was lost in the 1870s. They retained the headship for the next 6 years and in 1958 had the chance to equal Rob Roy's record of 8 consecutive headships (set from 1904 to 1911).
In the build up to the 1958 Bumps, Robs and City posted identical times in the 'Timed Race'. On the first night of the Bumps proper Robs caught 99's to go second and leave themselves three nights to catch City. But for all their endeavour Robs could not bump a determined City crew and the record was equalled. City went on to retain the headship for a further two years and a new record of 10 consecutive years of Headship was thus set by City before they were eventually toppled in 1962 by 99's. This ten year record makes CCRC the only club with a formal right to both a weather vane, signifying five years of successive headship, and a clock tower on its boathouse.

</doc>
<doc id="18994196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994196" title="Computer virus">
Computer virus

A computer virus is a type of malware that, when executed, replicates by inserting copies of itself (possibly modified) into other computer programs, data files, or the boot sector of the hard drive; when this replication succeeds, the affected areas are then said to be "infected". Viruses often perform some type of harmful activity on infected hosts, such as stealing hard disk space or CPU time, accessing private information, corrupting data, displaying political or humorous messages on the user's screen, spamming their contacts, or logging their keystrokes. However, not all viruses carry a destructive payload or attempt to hide themselves—the defining characteristic of viruses is that they are self-replicating computer programs which install themselves without the user's consent.
Virus writers use social engineering and exploit detailed knowledge of security vulnerabilities to gain access to their hosts' computing resources. The vast majority of viruses (over 99%) target systems running Microsoft Windows, employing a variety of mechanisms to infect new hosts, and often using complex anti-detection/stealth strategies to evade antivirus software. Motives for creating viruses can include seeking profit, desire to send a political message, personal amusement, to demonstrate that a vulnerability exists in software, for sabotage and denial of service, or simply because they wish to explore artificial life and evolutionary algorithms.
Computer viruses currently cause billions of dollars worth of economic damage each year, due to causing systems failure, wasting computer resources, corrupting data, increasing maintenance costs, etc. In response, free, open-source anti-virus tools have been developed, and a multi-billion dollar industry of anti-virus software vendors has cropped up, selling virus protection to Windows users. Unfortunately, no currently existing anti-virus software is able to catch all computer viruses (especially new ones); computer security researchers are actively searching for new ways to enable antivirus solutions to more effectively detect emerging viruses, before they have already become widely distributed.
Vulnerabilities and infection vectors.
Software bugs.
Because software is an often designed with security features to prevent unauthorized use of system resources, many viruses must exploit security bugs (security defects) in system or application software to spread. Software development strategies that produce large numbers of bugs will generally also produce potential exploits.
Social engineering and poor security practices.
In order to replicate itself, a virus must be permitted to execute code and write to memory. For this reason, many viruses attach themselves to executable files that may be part of legitimate programs (see code injection). If a user attempts to launch an infected program, the virus' code may be executed simultaneously.
In operating systems that use file extensions to determine program associations (such as Microsoft Windows), the extensions may be hidden from the user by default. This makes it possible to create a file that is of a different type than it appears to the user. For example, an executable may be created named "picture.png.exe", in which the user sees only "picture.png" and therefore assumes that this file is an image and most likely is safe, yet when opened runs the executable on the client machine.
Vulnerability of different operating systems to viruses.
The vast majority of viruses target systems running Microsoft Windows. This is due both to Microsoft's large market share of desktop users (over 95%), and to design choices in Windows that make it much easier for viruses to infect hosts running Windows. Also, the diversity of software systems on a network limits the destructive potential of viruses and malware. Open-source operating systems such as Linux allow users to choose from a variety of desktop environments, packaging tools, etc. which means that malicious code targeting any one of these systems will only affect a subset of all users. However most Windows users are running the same set of applications, so viruses are able to rapidly spread amongst Windows systems by targeting the same exploits on large numbers of hosts.
Theoretically, other operating systems are also susceptible to viruses, but in practice these are extremely rare or non-existent, due to much more robust security architectures in Unix-like systems (including Linux and Mac OS X) and to the diversity of the applications running on them. There are no known viruses that have spread "in the wild" for Mac OS X. The difference in virus vulnerability between Macs and Windows is a chief selling point, one that Apple uses in their Get a Mac advertising.
While Linux (and Unix in general) has always natively prevented normal users from making changes to the operating system environment without permission, Windows users are generally not prevented from making these changes, meaning that viruses can easily gain control of the entire system on Windows hosts. This difference has continued partly due to the widespread use of administrator accounts in contemporary versions like XP. In 1997, researchers created and released a virus for Linux—known as "Bliss". Bliss, however, requires that the user run it explicitly, and it can only infect programs that the user has the access to modify. Unlike Windows users, most Unix users do not log in as an administrator user except to install or configure software; as a result, even if a user ran the virus, it could not harm their operating system. The Bliss virus never became widespread, and remains chiefly a research curiosity. Its creator later posted the source code to Usenet, allowing researchers to see how it worked.
Infection targets and replication techniques.
Computer viruses infect a variety of different subsystems on their hosts. One manner of classifying viruses is to analyze whether they reside in binary executables (such as .EXE or .COM files), data files (such as Microsoft Word documents or PDF files), or in the boot sector of the host's hard drive (or some combination of all of these).
Resident vs. non-resident viruses.
A "memory-resident virus" (or simply "resident virus") installs itself as part of the operating system when executed, after which it remains in RAM from the time the computer is booted up to when it is shut down. Resident viruses overwrite interrupt handling code or other functions, and when the operating system attempts to access the target file or disk sector, the virus code intercepts the request and redirects the control flow to the replication module, infecting the target. In contrast, a "non-memory-resident virus" (or "non-resident virus"), when executed, scans the disk for targets, infects them, and then exits (i.e. it does not remain in memory after it is done executing).
Macro viruses.
Many common applications, such as Microsoft Outlook and Microsoft Word, allow macro programs to be embedded in documents or emails, so that the programs may be run automatically when the document is opened. A "macro virus" (or "document virus") is a virus that is written in a macro language, and embedded into these documents so that when users open the file, the virus code is executed, and can infect the user's computer. This is one of the reasons that it is dangerous to open unexpected attachments in e-mails.
Boot sector viruses.
"Boot sector viruses" specifically target the boot sector/Master Boot Record (MBR) of the host's hard drive or removable storage media (flash drives, floppy disks, etc.).
Stealth strategies.
In order to avoid detection by users, some viruses employ different kinds of deception. Some old viruses, especially on the MS-DOS platform, make sure that the "last modified" date of a host file stays the same when the file is infected by the virus. This approach does not fool antivirus software, however, especially those which maintain and date cyclic redundancy checks on file changes.
Some viruses can infect files without increasing their sizes or damaging the files. They accomplish this by overwriting unused areas of executable files. These are called "cavity viruses". For example, the CIH virus, or Chernobyl Virus, infects Portable Executable files. Because those files have many empty gaps, the virus, which was 1 KB in length, did not add to the size of the file.
Some viruses try to avoid detection by killing the tasks associated with antivirus software before it can detect them.
As computers and operating systems grow larger and more complex, old hiding techniques need to be updated or replaced. Defending a computer against viruses may demand that a file system migrate towards detailed and explicit permission for every kind of file access.
Read request intercepts.
While some antivirus software employ various techniques to counter stealth mechanisms, once the infection occurs any recourse to clean the system is unreliable. In Microsoft Windows operating systems, the NTFS file system is proprietary. Direct access to files without using the Windows OS is undocumented. This leaves antivirus software little alternative but to send a read request to Windows OS files that handle such requests. Some viruses trick antivirus software by intercepting its requests to the OS. A virus can hide itself by intercepting the request to read the infected file, handling the request itself, and return an uninfected version of the file to the antivirus software. The interception can occur by code injection of the actual operating system files that would handle the read request. Thus, an antivirus software attempting to detect the virus will either not be given permission to read the infected file, or, the read request will be served with the uninfected version of the same file.
The only reliable method to avoid stealth is to boot from a medium that is known to be clean. Security software can then be used to check the dormant operating system files. Most security software relies on virus signatures, or they employ heuristics.
Security software may also use a database of file hashes for Windows OS files, so the security software can identify altered files, and request Windows installation media to replace them with authentic versions. In older versions of Windows, file hashes of Windows OS files stored in Windows—to allow file integrity/authenticity to be checked—could be overwritten so that the System File Checker would report that altered system files are authentic, so using file hashes to scan for altered files would not always guarantee finding an infection.
Self-modification.
Most modern antivirus programs try to find virus-patterns inside ordinary programs by scanning them for so-called "virus signatures". Unfortunately, the term is misleading, in that viruses do not possess unique signatures in the way that human beings do. Such a virus signature is merely a sequence of bytes that an antivirus program looks for because it is known to be part of the virus. A better term would be "search strings". Different antivirus programs will employ different search strings, and indeed different search methods, when identifying viruses. If a virus scanner finds such a pattern in a file, it will perform other checks to make sure that it has found the virus, and not merely a coincidental sequence in an innocent file, before it notifies the user that the file is infected. The user can then delete, or (in some cases) "clean" or "heal" the infected file. Some viruses employ techniques that make detection by means of signatures difficult but probably not impossible. These viruses modify their code on each infection. That is, each infected file contains a different variant of the virus.
Encrypted viruses.
One method of evading signature detection is to use simple encryption to encipher the body of the virus, leaving only the encryption module and a cryptographic key in cleartext. In this case, the virus consists of a small decrypting module and an encrypted copy of the virus code. If the virus is encrypted with a different key for each infected file, the only part of the virus that remains constant is the decrypting module, which would (for example) be appended to the end. In this case, a virus scanner cannot directly detect the virus using signatures, but it can still detect the decrypting module, which still makes indirect detection of the virus possible. Since these would be symmetric keys, stored on the infected host, it is in fact entirely possible to decrypt the final virus, but this is probably not required, since self-modifying code is such a rarity that it may be reason for virus scanners to at least flag the file as suspicious.
An old, but compact, encryption involves XORing each byte in a virus with a constant, so that the exclusive-or operation had only to be repeated for decryption. It is suspicious for a code to modify itself, so the code to do the encryption/decryption may be part of the signature in many virus definitions.
Some viruses will employ a means of encryption inside an executable in which the virus is encrypted under certain events, such as the virus scanner being disabled for updates or the computer being rebooted. This is called Cryptovirology. At said times, the executable will decrypt the virus and execute its hidden runtimes infecting the computer and sometimes disabling the antivirus software.
Polymorphic code.
Polymorphic code was the first technique that posed a serious threat to virus scanners. Just like regular encrypted viruses, a polymorphic virus infects files with an encrypted copy of itself, which is decoded by a decryption module. In the case of polymorphic viruses, however, this decryption module is also modified on each infection. A well-written polymorphic virus therefore has no parts which remain identical between infections, making it very difficult to detect directly using signatures. Antivirus software can detect it by decrypting the viruses using an emulator, or by statistical pattern analysis of the encrypted virus body. To enable polymorphic code, the virus has to have a polymorphic engine (also called mutating engine or mutation engine) somewhere in its encrypted body. See polymorphic code for technical detail on how such engines operate.
Some viruses employ polymorphic code in a way that constrains the mutation rate of the virus significantly. For example, a virus can be programmed to mutate only slightly over time, or it can be programmed to refrain from mutating when it infects a file on a computer that already contains copies of the virus. The advantage of using such slow polymorphic code is that it makes it more difficult for antivirus professionals to obtain representative samples of the virus, because bait files that are infected in one run will typically contain identical or similar samples of the virus. This will make it more likely that the detection by the virus scanner will be unreliable, and that some instances of the virus may be able to avoid detection.
Metamorphic code.
To avoid being detected by emulation, some viruses rewrite themselves completely each time they are to infect new executables. Viruses that utilize this technique are said to be metamorphic. To enable metamorphism, a metamorphic engine is needed. A metamorphic virus is usually very large and complex. For example, W32/Simile consisted of over 14,000 lines of assembly language code, 90% of which is part of the metamorphic engine.
Countermeasures.
Antivirus software.
Many users install antivirus software that can detect and eliminate known viruses when the computer attempts to download or run the executable (which may be distributed as an email attachment, or on USB flash drives, for example). Some antivirus software blocks known malicious web sites that attempt to install malware. Antivirus software does not change the underlying capability of hosts to transmit viruses. Users must update their software regularly to patch security vulnerabilities ("holes"). Antivirus software also needs to be regularly updated in order to recognize the latest threats. The German AV-TEST Institute publishes evaluations of antivirus software for Windows and Android.
Examples of Microsoft Windows anti virus and anti-malware software include the optional Microsoft Security Essentials (for Windows XP, Vista and Windows 7) for real-time protection, the Windows Malicious Software Removal Tool (now included with Windows (Security) Updates on "Patch Tuesday", the second Tuesday of each month), and Windows Defender (an optional download in the case of Windows XP). Additionally, several capable antivirus software programs are available for free download from the Internet (usually restricted to non-commercial use). Some such free programs are almost as good as commercial
competitors. Common security vulnerabilities are assigned CVE IDs and listed in the US National Vulnerability Database. Secunia PSI is an example of software, free for personal use, that will check a PC for vulnerable out-of-date software, and attempt to update it. Ransomware and phishing scam alerts appear as press releases on the Internet Crime Complaint Center noticeboard.
Other commonly used preventative measures include timely operating system updates, software updates, careful Internet browsing, and installation of only trusted software.
There are two common methods that an antivirus software application uses to detect viruses, as described in the antivirus software article. The first, and by far the most common method of virus detection is using a list of virus signature definitions. This works by examining the content of the computer's memory (its RAM, and boot sectors) and the files stored on fixed or removable drives (hard drives, floppy drives, or USB flash drives), and comparing those files against a database of known virus "signatures". Virus signatures are just strings of code that are used to identify individual viruses; for each virus, the anti-virus designer tries to choose a unique signature string that will not be found in a legitimate program. Different anti-virus programs use different "signatures" to identify viruses. The disadvantage of this detection method is that users are only protected from viruses that are detected by signatures in their most recent virus definition update, and not protected from new viruses (see "zero-day attack").
A second method to find viruses is to use a heuristic algorithm based on common virus behaviors. This method has the ability to detect new viruses for which anti-virus security firms have yet to define a "signature", but it also gives rise to more false positives than using signatures. False positives can be disruptive, especially in a commercial environment.
Recovery strategies and methods.
One can also reduce the damage done by viruses by making regular backups of data (and the operating systems) on different media, that are either kept unconnected to the system (most of the time), read-only or not accessible for other reasons, such as using different file systems. This way, if data is lost through a virus, one can start again using the backup (which will hopefully be recent).
If a backup session on optical media like CD and DVD is closed, it becomes read-only and can no longer be affected by a virus (so long as a virus or infected file was not copied onto the CD/DVD). Likewise, an operating system on a bootable CD can be used to start the computer if the installed operating systems become unusable. Backups on removable media must be carefully inspected before restoration. The Gammima virus, for example, propagates via removable flash drives.
Virus removal.
Many websites run by antivirus software companies provide free online virus scanning, with limited cleaning facilities (the purpose of the sites is to sell anti-virus products). Some websites—like Google subsidiary VirusTotal.com—allow users to upload one or more suspicious files to be scanned and checked by one or more antivirus programs in one operation. Additionally, several capable antivirus software programs are available for free download from the Internet (usually restricted to non-commercial use). Microsoft offers an optional free antivirus utility called Microsoft Security Essentials, a Windows Malicious Software Removal Tool that is updated as part of the regular Windows update regime, and an older optional anti-malware (malware removal) tool Windows Defender that has been upgraded to an antivirus product in Windows 8.
Some viruses disable System Restore and other important Windows tools such as Task Manager and Command Prompt. An example of a virus that does this is CiaDoor. Many such viruses can be removed by rebooting the computer, entering Windows safe mode with networking, and then using system tools or Microsoft Safety Scanner. System Restore on Windows Me, Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7 can restore the registry and critical system files to a previous checkpoint. Often a virus will cause a system to hang, and a subsequent hard reboot will render a system restore point from the same day corrupt. Restore points from previous days should work provided the virus is not designed to corrupt the restore files and does not exist in previous restore points.
Operating system reinstallation.
Microsoft's System File Checker (improved in Windows 7 and later) can be used to check for, and repair, corrupted system files.
Restoring an earlier "clean" (virus-free) copy of the entire partition from a cloned disk, a disk image, or a backup copy is one solution—restoring an earlier backup disk image is relatively simple to do, usually removes any malware, and may be faster than disinfecting the computer—or reinstalling and reconfiguring the operating system and programs from scratch, as described below, then restoring user preferences.
Reinstalling the operating system is another approach to virus removal. It may be possible to recover copies of essential user data by booting from a live CD, or connecting the hard drive to another computer and booting from the second computer's operating system, taking great care not to infect that computer by executing any infected programs on the original drive. The original hard drive can then be reformatted and the OS and all programs installed from original media. Once the system has been restored, precautions must be taken to avoid reinfection from any restored executable files.
Historical development.
Early academic work on self-replicating programs.
The first academic work on the theory of self-replicating computer programs was done in 1949 by John von Neumann who gave lectures at the University of Illinois about the "Theory and Organization of Complicated Automata". The work of von Neumann was later published as the "Theory of self-reproducing automata". In his essay von Neumann described how a computer program could be designed to reproduce itself. Von Neumann's design for a self-reproducing computer program is considered the world's first computer virus, and he is considered to be the theoretical father of computer virology.
In 1972 Veith Risak, directly building on von Neumann's work on self-replication, published his article "Selbstreproduzierende Automaten mit minimaler Informationsübertragung" (Self-reproducing automata with minimal information exchange). The article describes a fully functional virus written in assembler language for a SIEMENS 4004/35 computer system.
In 1980 Jürgen Kraus wrote his diplom thesis "Selbstreproduktion bei Programmen" (Self-reproduction of programs) at the University of Dortmund. In his work Kraus postulated that computer programs can behave in a way similar to biological viruses.
The first computer viruses.
The Creeper virus was first detected on ARPANET, the forerunner of the Internet, in the early 1970s. Creeper was an experimental self-replicating program written by Bob Thomas at BBN Technologies in 1971. Creeper used the ARPANET to infect DEC PDP-10 computers running the TENEX operating system. Creeper gained access via the ARPANET and copied itself to the remote system where the message, "I'm the creeper, catch me if you can!" was displayed. The "Reaper" program was created to delete Creeper.
In 1982, a program called "Elk Cloner" was the first personal computer virus to appear "in the wild"—that is, outside the single computer or lab where it was created. Written in 1981 by Richard Skrenta, it attached itself to the Apple DOS 3.3 operating system and spread via floppy disk. This virus, created as a practical joke when Skrenta was still in high school, was injected in a game on a floppy disk. On its 50th use the Elk Cloner virus would be activated, infecting the personal computer and displaying a short poem beginning "Elk Cloner: The program with a personality."
In 1984 Fred Cohen from the University of Southern California wrote his paper "Computer Viruses – Theory and Experiments". It was the first paper to explicitly call a self-reproducing program a "virus", a term introduced by Cohen's mentor Leonard Adleman. In 1987, Fred Cohen published a demonstration that there is no algorithm that can perfectly detect all possible viruses. Fred Cohen's theoretical compression virus was an example of a virus which was not malware, but was putatively benevolent. However, antivirus professionals do not accept the concept of benevolent viruses, as any desired function can be implemented without involving a virus (automatic compression, for instance, is available under the Windows operating system at the choice of the user). Any virus will by definition make unauthorised changes to a computer, which is undesirable even if no damage is done or intended. On page one of "Dr Solomon's Virus Encyclopaedia", the undesirability of viruses, even those that do nothing but reproduce, is thoroughly explained.
An article that describes "useful virus functionalities" was published by J. B. Gunn under the title "Use of virus functions to provide a virtual APL interpreter under user control" in 1984.
The first IBM PC virus in the wild was a boot sector virus dubbed (c)Brain, created in 1986 by the Farooq Alvi Brothers in Lahore, Pakistan, reportedly to deter piracy of the software they had written.
The first virus to specifically target Microsoft Windows, WinVir was discovered in April 1992, two years after the release of Windows 3.0. The virus did not contain any Windows API calls, instead relying on DOS interrupts. A few years later, in February 1996, Australian hackers from the virus-writing crew Boza created the VLAD virus, which was the first known virus to target Windows 95. In late 1997 the encrypted, memory-resident stealth virus Win32.Cabanas was released—the first known virus that targeted Windows NT (it was also able to infect Windows 3.0 and Windows 9x hosts).
Even home computers were affected by viruses. The first one to appear on the Commodore Amiga was a boot sector virus called SCA virus, which was detected in November 1987.
Viruses and the Internet.
Before computer networks became widespread, most viruses spread on removable media, particularly floppy disks. In the early days of the personal computer, many users regularly exchanged information and programs on floppies. Some viruses spread by infecting programs stored on these disks, while others installed themselves into the disk boot sector, ensuring that they would be run when the user booted the computer from the disk, usually inadvertently. Personal computers of the era would attempt to boot first from a floppy if one had been left in the drive. Until floppy disks fell out of use, this was the most successful infection strategy and boot sector viruses were the most common in the wild for many years.
Traditional computer viruses emerged in the 1980s, driven by the spread of personal computers and the resultant increase in BBS, modem use, and software sharing. Bulletin board–driven software sharing contributed directly to the spread of Trojan horse programs, and viruses were written to infect popularly traded software. Shareware and bootleg software were equally common vectors for viruses on BBSs. Viruses can increase their chances of spreading to other computers by infecting files on a network file system or a file system that is accessed by other computers.
Macro viruses have become common since the mid-1990s. Most of these viruses are written in the scripting languages for Microsoft programs such as Word and Excel and spread throughout Microsoft Office by infecting documents and spreadsheets. Since Word and Excel were also available for Mac OS, most could also spread to Macintosh computers. Although most of these viruses did not have the ability to send infected email messages, those viruses which did take advantage of the Microsoft Outlook COM interface.
Some old versions of Microsoft Word allow macros to replicate themselves with additional blank lines. If two macro viruses simultaneously infect a document, the combination of the two, if also self-replicating, can appear as a "mating" of the two and would likely be detected as a virus unique from the "parents".
A virus may also send a web address link as an instant message to all the contacts on an infected machine. If the recipient, thinking the link is from a friend (a trusted source) follows the link to the website, the virus hosted at the site may be able to infect this new computer and continue propagating.
Viruses that spread using cross-site scripting were first reported in 2002, and were academically demonstrated in 2005. There have been multiple instances of the cross-site scripting viruses in the wild, exploiting websites such as MySpace and Yahoo!.

</doc>
<doc id="18994202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994202" title="Wendell Magee">
Wendell Magee

Wendell Errol Magee Jr. (August 3, 1972 in Hattiesburg, Mississippi), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played outfielder from - for the Philadelphia Phillies and Detroit Tigers. Wendell also played for the Long Island Ducks of the Atlantic League in -.

</doc>
<doc id="18994204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994204" title="Philip Burlamachi">
Philip Burlamachi

Philip Burlamachi (born in Sedan, France, died 1644) was a major financial intermediary of King Charles I of England. His family was of Italian origin, exiled descendants of the Lucchese Francesco Burlamacchi. He is known to have been in England for at least 30 years (since at least 1605) where he became naturalized by an Act of Parliament. 
He worked extensively with his brother in law Philip Calandrini who was his agent in Amsterdam. At around about this time in 1621 he also acts on behalf of the City of London Merchants in regards collecting money from foreign merchants which is to be given to the Privy Council for 'Whereas you have undertaken the collecting of such moneys as were thought reasonable and meet for the merchants strangers residing within the City of London and the outports, to contribute towards the expedition against pirates.' He was entrusted (the sum of £30,000) on behalf of the Privy Council with bills of exchange for the service of an army for the States of the United Provinces or 'direct the employment them as he shall think'. One thing that is certain and clear is the importance of Philip Burlamachi in regards money and finance and his idea (the first of its kind) although he himself does concede "the proposal has been formerly made."
Burlamachi’s idea of a clearing bank was the first known idea for a central bank, where the word "bank" is first used "a bank for the payment of all large sums of which shall be negotiated". The idea was originally discussed in the year 1636 and 28 years later, in 1694, the Bank of England was first formed.
Burlamachi is also known for financing the East India Company. and as Postmaster of Foreign posts from 1637 to 1642.

</doc>
<doc id="18994208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994208" title="Uranus (disambiguation)">
Uranus (disambiguation)

Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun
Uranus may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18994221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994221" title="Hospital">
Hospital

A hospital is a health care institution providing patient treatment by specialised staff and equipment.
Hospitals are usually funded by the public sector, by health organisations (for profit or nonprofit), health insurance companies, or charities, including direct charitable donations. Historically, hospitals were often founded and funded by religious orders or charitable individuals and leaders. Today, hospitals are largely staffed by professional physicians, surgeons, and nurses, whereas in the past, this work was usually performed by the founding religious orders or by volunteers. However, there are various Catholic religious orders, such as the Alexians and the Bon Secours Sisters, which still focus on hospital ministry today, as well as several Christian denominations, including the Methodists and Lutherans, which run hospitals.
In accord with the original meaning of the word, hospitals were originally "places of hospitality", and this meaning is still preserved in the names of some institutions such as the Royal Hospital Chelsea, established in 1681 as a retirement and nursing home for veteran soldiers.
Etymology.
During the Middle Ages hospitals served different functions to modern institutions, being almshouses for the poor, hostels for pilgrims, or hospital schools. The word hospital comes from the Latin "hospes", signifying a stranger or foreigner, hence a guest. Another noun derived from this, "hospitium" came to signify hospitality, that is the relation between guest and shelterer, hospitality, friendliness, hospitable reception. By metonymy the Latin word then came to mean a guest-chamber, guest's lodging, an inn. "Hospes" is thus the root for the English words "host" (where the "p" was dropped for convenience of pronunciation) "hospitality", "hospice", "hostel" and "hotel". The latter modern word derives from Latin via the ancient French romance word "hostel", which developed a silent "s", which letter was eventually removed from the word, the loss of which is signified by a circumflex in the modern French word "hôtel". The German word 'Spital' shares similar roots.
Grammar of the word differs slightly depending on the dialect. In the U.S., "hospital" usually requires an article; in Britain and elsewhere, the word normally is used without an article when it is the object of a preposition and when referring to a patient ("in/to the hospital" vs. "in/to hospital"); in Canada, both uses are found.
Types.
Some patients go to a hospital just for diagnosis, treatment, or therapy and then leave ('outpatients') without staying overnight; while others are 'admitted' and stay overnight or for several days or weeks or months ('inpatients'). Hospitals usually are distinguished from other types of medical facilities by their ability to admit and care for inpatients whilst the others often are described as clinics.
General.
The best-known type of hospital is the general hospital, which is set up to deal with many kinds of disease and injury, and normally has an emergency department to deal with immediate and urgent threats to health. Larger cities may have several hospitals of varying sizes and facilities. Some hospitals, especially in the United States, have their own ambulance service.
District.
A district hospital typically is the major health care facility in its region, with large numbers of beds for intensive care and long-term care;
Specialised.
Types of specialised hospitals include trauma centres, rehabilitation hospitals, children's hospitals, seniors' (geriatric) hospitals, and hospitals for dealing with specific medical needs such as psychiatric problems (see psychiatric hospital), certain disease categories such as cardiac, oncology, or orthopedic problems, and so forth. In Germany specialised hospitals are called "Fachkrankenhaus"; an example is Fachkrankenhaus Coswig (thoracic surgery).
A hospital may be a single building or a number of buildings on a campus. Many hospitals with pre-twentieth-century origins began as one building and evolved into campuses. Some hospitals are affiliated with universities for medical research and the training of medical personnel such as physicians and nurses, often called teaching hospitals. Worldwide, most hospitals are run on a nonprofit basis by governments or charities. There are however a few exceptions, e.g. China, where government funding only constitutes 10% of income of hospitals. "(need citation here. Chinese sources seem conflicted about the for-profit/non-profit ratio of hospitals in China)"
Specialised hospitals can help reduce health care costs compared to general hospitals. For example, Narayana Hrudayalaya's Bangalore cardiac unit, which is specialised in cardiac surgery, allows for significantly greater number of patients. It has 3000 beds (more than 20 times the average American hospital) and in pediatric heart surgery alone, it performs 3000 heart operations annually, making it by far the largest such facility in the world. Surgeons are paid on a fixed salary instead of per operation, thus the costs to the hospital drops when the number of procedures increases, taking advantage of economies of scale. Additionally, it is argued that costs go down as all its specialists become efficient by working on one "production line" procedure.
Teaching.
A teaching hospital combines assistance to patients with teaching to medical students and nurses and often is linked to a medical school, nursing school or university.
Clinics.
The medical facility smaller than a hospital is generally called a clinic, and often is run by a government agency for health services or a private partnership of physicians (in nations where private practise is allowed). Clinics generally provide only outpatient services.
Departments.
Hospitals vary widely in the services they offer and therefore, in the departments (or "wards") they have. Each is usually headed by a Chief Physician. They may have acute services such as an emergency department or specialist trauma centre, burn unit, surgery, or urgent care. These may then be backed up by more specialist units such as:
Some hospitals will have outpatient departments and some will have chronic treatment units such as behavioral health services, dentistry, dermatology, psychiatric ward, rehabilitation services, and physical therapy.
Common support units include a dispensary or pharmacy, pathology, and radiology, and on the non-medical side, there often are medical records departments, release of information departments, Information Management (aka IM, IT or IS), Clinical Engineering (aka Biomed), Facilities Management, Plant Ops (aka Maintenance), Dining Services, and Security departments.
History.
Early examples.
The earliest documented institutions aiming to provide cures were ancient Egyptian temples. In ancient Greece, temples dedicated to the healer-god Asclepius, known as "Asclepieia" functioned as centres of medical advice, prognosis, and healing. Asclepeia provided carefully controlled spaces conducive to healing and fulfilled several of the requirements of institutions created for healing. Under his Roman name Æsculapius, he was provided with a temple (291 BC) on an island in the Tiber in Rome, where similar rites were performed.
Institutions created specifically to care for the ill also appeared early in India. Fa Xian, a Chinese Buddhist monk who travelled across India ca. 400 CE, recorded in his travelogue that: The heads of the Vaisya families in them [all the kingdoms of north India establish in the cities houses for dispensing charity and medicine. All the poor and destitute in the country, orphans, widowers, and childless men, maimed people and cripples, and all who are diseased, go to those houses, and are provided with every kind of help, and doctors examine their diseases. They get the food and medicines which their cases require, and are made to feel at ease; and when they are better, they go away of themselves.
The earliest surviving encyclopaedia of medicine in Sanskrit is the "Carakasamhita" (Compendium of Caraka). This text, which describes the building of a hospital is dated by Dominik Wujastyk of the University College London from the period between 100 BCE and CE150. According to Dr.Wujastyk, the description by Fa Xian is one of the earliest accounts of a civic hospital system anywhere in the world and, coupled with Caraka’s description of how a clinic should be equipped, suggests that India may have been the first part of the world to have evolved an organised cosmopolitan system of institutionally-based medical provision.
According to the "Mahavamsa", the ancient chronicle of Sinhalese royalty, written in the sixth century A.D., King Pandukabhaya of Sri Lanka (reigned 437 BC to 367 BC) had lying-in-homes and hospitals (Sivikasotthi-Sala) built in various parts of the country. This is the earliest documentary evidence we have of institutions specifically dedicated to the care of the sick anywhere in the world. Mihintale Hospital is the oldest in the world. Ruins of ancient hospitals in Sri Lanka are still in existence in Mihintale, Anuradhapura, and Medirigiriya.
Roman Empire.
The Romans constructed buildings called "valetudinaria" for the care of sick slaves, gladiators, and soldiers around 100 B.C., and many were identified by later archaeology. While their existence is considered proven, there is some doubt as to whether they were as widespread as was once thought, as many were identified only according to the layout of building remains, and not by means of surviving records or finds of medical tools.
The declaration of Christianity as accepted religion in the Roman Empire drove an expansion of the provision of care. Following the First Council of Nicaea in 325 A.D. construction of a hospital in every cathedral town was begun. Among the earliest were those built by the physician Saint Sampson in Constantinople and by Basil, bishop of Caesarea in modern-day Turkey. Called the "Basilias", the latter resembled a city and included housing for doctors and nurses and separate buildings for various classes of patients. There was a separate section for lepers. Some hospitals maintained libraries and training programmes, and doctors compiled their medical and pharmacological studies in manuscripts. Thus in-patient medical care in the sense of what we today consider a hospital, was an invention driven by Christian mercy and Byzantine innovation. Byzantine hospital staff included the Chief Physician (archiatroi), professional nurses (hypourgoi) and the orderlies (hyperetai). By the twelfth century, Constantinople had two well-organised hospitals, staffed by doctors who were both male and female. Facilities included systematic treatment procedures and specialised wards for various diseases.
A hospital and medical training centre also existed at Gundeshapur. The city of Gundeshapur was founded in 271 CE by the Sasanian king Shapur I. It was one of the major cities in Khuzestan province of the Persian empire in what is today Iran. A large percentage of the population were Syriacs, most of whom were Christians. Under the rule of Khusraw I, refuge was granted to Greek Nestorian Christian philosophers including the scholars of the Persian School of Edessa (Urfa)(also called the Academy of Athens), a Christian theological and medical university. These scholars made their way to Gundeshapur in 529 following the closing of the academy by Emperor Justinian. They were engaged in medical sciences and initiated the first translation projects of medical texts. The arrival of these medical practitioners from Edessa marks the beginning of the hospital and medical centre at Gundeshapur. It included a medical school and hospital (bimaristan), a pharmacology laboratory, a translation house, a library and an observatory. Indian doctors also contributed to the school at Gundeshapur, most notably the medical researcher Mankah. Later after Islamic invasion, the writings of Mankah and of the Indian doctor Sustura were translated into Arabic at Baghdad.
Medieval Islamic world.
The first prominent Islamic hospital was founded in Damascus, Syria in around 707 with assistance from Christians. The bimaristan (medical school) and bayt al-hikmah (house of wisdom) were established by professors and graduates from Gundeshapur and was first headed by the Christian physician Jibrael ibn Bukhtishu from Gundeshapur and later by Islamic physicians.
In the ninth and tenth centuries the hospital in Baghdad employed twenty-five staff physicians and had separate wards for different conditions. The Al-Qairawan hospital and mosque, in Tunisia, were built under the Aghlabid rule in 830 and was simple, but adequately equipped with halls organised into waiting rooms, a mosque, and a special bath. The first hospital in Egypt was opened in 872 and thereafter public hospitals sprang up all over the empire from Islamic Spain and the Maghrib to Persia. The first Islamic psychiatric hospital opened in Baghdad in 705. Many other Islamic hospitals also often had their own wards dedicated to mental health.
In contrast to medieval Europe, medical school under Islam did not have faculties and did not develop a system of academic evaluation and certification
Medieval Europe.
Medieval hospitals in Europe followed a similar pattern to the Byzantine. They were religious communities, with care provided by monks and nuns. (An old French term for hospital is "hôtel-Dieu", "hostel of God.") Some were attached to monasteries; others were independent and had their own endowments, usually of property, which provided income for their support. Some hospitals were multi-functional while others were founded for specific purposes such as leper hospitals, or as refuges for the poor, or for pilgrims: not all cared for the sick. The first Spanish hospital, founded by the Catholic Visigoth bishop Masona in 580AD at Mérida, was a "xenodochium" designed as an inn for travellers (mostly pilgrims to the shrine of Eulalia of Mérida) as well as a hospital for citizens and local farmers. The hospital's endowment consisted of farms to feed its patients and guests.
The Ospedale Maggiore, traditionally named Ca' Granda (i.e. Big House), in Milan, northern Italy, was constructed to house one of the first community hospitals, the largest such undertaking of the fifteenth century. Commissioned by Francesco Sforza in 1456 and designed by Antonio Filarete it is among the first examples of Renaissance architecture in Lombardy.
The Normans brought their hospital system along when they conquered England in 1066. By merging with traditional land-tenure and customs, the new charitable houses became popular and were distinct from both English monasteries and French hospitals. They dispensed alms and some medicine, and were generously endowed by the nobility and gentry who counted on them for spiritual rewards after death.
Early modern & Enlightenment Europe.
In Europe the medieval concept of Christian care evolved during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries into a secular one. After the dissolution of the monasteries in 1540 by King Henry VIII the church abruptly ceased to be the supporter of hospitals, and only by direct petition from the citizens of London, were the hospitals St Bartholomew's, St Thomas's and St Mary of Bethlehem's (Bedlam) endowed directly by the crown; this was the first instance of secular support being provided for medical institutions.
The voluntary hospital movement began in the early 18th century, with hospitals being founded in London by the 1710s and 20s, including Westminster Hospital (1719) promoted by the private bank C. Hoare & Co and Guy's Hospital (1724) funded from the bequest of the wealthy merchant, Thomas Guy. Other hospitals sprang up in London and other British cities over the century, many paid for by private subscriptions. St. Bartholomew's opened in London in 1730, and the London Hospital in 1752.
These hospitals represented a turning point in the function of the institution; they began to evolve from being basic places of care for the sick to becoming centres of medical innovation and discovery and the principle place for the education and training of prospective practitioners. Some of the era's greatest surgeons and doctors worked and passed on their knowledge at the hospitals. They also changed from being mere homes of refuge to being complex institutions for the provision of medicine and care for sick. The Charité was founded in Berlin in 1710 by King Frederick I of Prussia as a response to an outbreak of plague.
The concept of voluntary hospitals also spread to Colonial America; the Pennsylvania Hospital opened in 1752, New York Hospital in 1771, and Massachusetts General Hospital in 1811. When the Vienna General Hospital opened in 1784 (instantly becoming the world's largest hospital), physicians acquired a new facility that gradually developed into one of the most important research centres.
Another Enlightenment era charitable innovation was the dispensary; these would issue the poor with medicines free of charge. The London Dispensary opened its doors in 1696 as the first such clinic in the British Empire. The idea was slow to catch on until the 1770s, when many such organisations began to appear, including the Public Dispensary of Edinburgh (1776), the Metropolitan Dispensary and Charitable Fund (1779) and the Finsbury Dispensary (1780). Dispensaries were also opened in New York 1771, Philadelphia 1786, and Boston 1796.
19th century.
English physician Thomas Percival (1740-1804) wrote a comprehensive system of medical conduct, " 'Medical Ethics, or a Code of Institutes and Precepts, Adapted to the Professional Conduct of Physicians and Surgeons" (1803) that set the standard for many textbooks.
In the mid 19th century, hospitals and the medical profession became more professionalised, with a reorganisation of hospital management along more bureaucratic and administrative lines. The Apothecaries Act 1815 made it compulsory for medical students to practise for at least half a year at a hospital as part of their training.
Florence Nightingale pioneered the modern profession of nursing during the Crimean War when she set an example of compassion, commitment to patient care and diligent and thoughtful hospital administration. The first official nurses’ training programme, the Nightingale School for Nurses, was opened in 1860, with the mission of training nurses to work in hospitals, to work with the poor and to teach.
Nightingale was instrumental in reforming the nature of the hospital, by improving sanitation standards and changing the image of the hospital from a place the sick would go to die, to an institution devoted to recuperation and healing. She also emphasised the importance of statistical measurement for determining the success rate of a given intervention and pushed for administrative reform at hospitals.
By the late 19th century, the modern hospital was beginning to take shape with a proliferation of a variety of public and private hospital systems. By the 1870s, hospitals had more than trebled their original average intake of 3,000 patients. In continental Europe the new hospitals generally were built and run from public funds. The National Health Service, the principle provider of health care in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1948.
During the nineteenth century, the Second Viennese Medical School emerged with the contributions of physicians such as Carl Freiherr von Rokitansky, Josef Škoda, Ferdinand Ritter von Hebra, and Ignaz Philipp Semmelweis. Basic medical science expanded and specialisation advanced. Furthermore, the first dermatology, eye, as well as ear, nose, and throat clinics in the world were founded in Vienna, being considered as the birth of specialised medicine.
Criticism.
While hospitals, by concentrating equipment, skilled staff and other resources in one place, clearly provide important help to patients with serious or rare health problems, hospitals also are criticised for a number of faults, some of which are endemic to the system, others which develop from what some consider wrong approaches to health care.
One criticism often voiced is the 'industrialised' nature of care, with constantly shifting treatment staff, which dehumanises the patient and prevents more effective care as doctors and nurses rarely are intimately familiar with the patient. The high working pressures often put on the staff can sometimes exacerbate such rushed and impersonal treatment. The architecture and setup of modern hospitals often is voiced as a contributing factor to the feelings of faceless treatment many people complain about.
Funding.
In the modern era, hospitals are, broadly, either funded by the government of the country in which they are situated, or survive financially by competing in the private sector (a number of hospitals also are still supported by the historical type of charitable or religious associations).
In the United Kingdom for example, a relatively comprehensive, "free at the point of delivery" health care system exists, funded by the state. Hospital care is thus relatively easily available to all legal residents, although free emergency care is available to anyone, regardless of nationality or status. As hospitals prioritise their limited resources, there is a tendency for 'waiting lists' for non-crucial treatment in countries with such systems, as opposed to letting higher-payers get treated first, so sometimes those who can afford it take out private health care to get treatment more quickly. On the other hand, some countries, including the USA, have in the twentieth century introduced a private-based, for-profit-approach to providing hospital care, with few state-money supported 'charity' hospitals remaining today. Where for-profit hospitals in such countries admit uninsured patients in emergency situations (such as during and after Hurricane Katrina in the USA), they incur direct financial losses, ensuring that there is a clear disincentive to admit such patients. In the United States, laws exist to ensure patients receive care in life threatening emergency situations regardless of the patient's ability to pay.
As the quality of health care has increasingly become an issue around the world, hospitals have increasingly had to pay serious attention to this matter. Independent external assessment of quality is one of the most powerful ways to assess this aspect of health care, and hospital accreditation is one means by which this is achieved. In many parts of the world such accreditation is sourced from other countries, a phenomenon known as international healthcare accreditation, by groups such as Accreditation Canada from Canada, the Joint Commission from the USA, the Trent Accreditation Scheme from Great Britain, and Haute Authorité de santé (HAS) from France.
Buildings.
Architecture.
Modern hospital buildings are designed to minimise the effort of medical personnel and the possibility of contamination while maximising the efficiency of the whole system. Travel time for personnel within the hospital and the transportation of patients between units is facilitated and minimised. The building also should be built to accommodate heavy departments such as radiology and operating rooms while space for special wiring, plumbing, and waste disposal must be allowed for in the design.
However, the reality is that many hospitals, even those considered 'modern', are the product of continual and often badly managed growth over decades or even centuries, with utilitarian new sections added on as needs and finances dictate. As a result, Dutch architectural historian Cor Wagenaar has called many hospitals:
Some newer hospitals now try to re-establish design that takes the patient's psychological needs into account, such as providing more fresh air, better views and more pleasant colour schemes. These ideas harken back to the late eighteenth century, when the concept of providing fresh air and access to the 'healing powers of nature' were first employed by hospital architects in improving their buildings.
The research of British Medical Association is showing that good hospital design can reduce patient's recovery time. Exposure to daylight is effective in reducing depression. Single sex accommodation help ensure that patients are treated in privacy and with dignity. Exposure to nature and hospital gardens is also important – looking out windows improves patients' moods and reduces blood pressure and stress level. Eliminating long corridors can reduce nurses' fatigue and stress.
Another ongoing major development is the change from a ward-based system (where patients are accommodated in communal rooms, separated by movable partitions) to one in which they are accommodated in individual rooms. The ward-based system has been described as very efficient, especially for the medical staff, but is considered to be more stressful for patients and detrimental to their privacy. A major constraint on providing all patients with their own rooms is however found in the higher cost of building and operating such a hospital; this causes some hospitals to charge for private rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="18994241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994241" title="Billy Brewer (baseball)">
Billy Brewer (baseball)

William Robert Brewer (April 15, 1968 in Fort Worth, Texas), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He would play for the Kansas City Royals, New York Yankees, Oakland Athletics, and Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="18994242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994242" title="Robbie Mileski">
Robbie Mileski

Robbie Mileski or Robert Mileski (born 16 May 1987) is an Australian footballer who plays for Australian club Sydney Olympic FC. He previously played for NSW Premier League club Sydney United.
An approach was made by the Macedonia Football Federation for the Sydney FC youth league player to join their national team set up. Representatives of the Macedonia Federation contacted a Sydney-based player advisor/manager regarding Mileski as a potential national team player.
Honours.
With Sydney FC:
With Sydney Olympic FC:

</doc>
<doc id="18994246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994246" title="Walton Township">
Walton Township

Walton Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18994264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994264" title="Sally Hodge">
Sally Hodge

Sally Ann Hodge-McKenzie (born 31 May 1966) is a Welsh former track cyclist from Cardiff, Wales. She was the first ever women's points race world champion at the 1988 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Ghent, Belgium. She represented Britain at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea and the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. She won the bronze medal at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18994268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994268" title="DeviantArt">
DeviantArt

DeviantArt, LLC (stylized as deviantART; abbreviated as dA) is an online community showcasing various forms of user-made artwork. It was first launched on August 7, 2000 by Scott Jarkoff, Matthew Stephens, Angelo Sotira and others. deviantArt, Inc. is headquartered in the Hollywood area of Los Angeles, California, United States.
DeviantArt aims to provide a platform for any artist to exhibit and discuss works. Works are organized in a comprehensive category structure, including photography, digital art, traditional art, literature, Flash, filmmaking, skins for applications, operating system customization utilities and others, along with extensive downloadable resources such as tutorials and stock photography. Additional utilities include journals, polls, groups and portfolios.
"Fella," a small, devilesque robotic character, is the official deviantArt mascot.
, the site consists of over 25 million members, and over 246 million submissions, and receives around 140,000 submissions per day. In addition, deviantArt users submit over 1.4 million "favorites" and 1.5 million comments daily. The domain "deviantart.com" attracted at least 36 million visitors annually by 2008 according to a Compete.com study. As of July 2011, it is the 13th largest social network with 3.8 million weekly visits.
History.
DeviantArt started as a site connected with people who took computer applications and modified them to their own tastes, or who “deviated” the applications from the original designs. As the site grew, members in general became known as “deviants” and submissions as “deviations”. DeviantArt was originally launched on August 7, 2000 by Scott Jarkoff, Matt Stephens, Angelo Sotira and others, as part of a larger network of music-related websites called the Dmusic Network. The site flourished largely because of its unique offering and the contributions of its core member base and a team of volunteers after its launch, but was officially incorporated in 2001 about eight months after launch.
DeviantArt was loosely inspired by projects like Winamp facelift, customize.org, deskmod.com, screenphuck.com, and skinz.org, all application skin-based websites. Sotira entrusted all public aspects of the project to Scott Jarkoff as an engineer and visionary to launch the early program. All three co-founders shared backgrounds in the application skinning community, but it was Matt Stephens whose major contribution to deviantArt was the suggestion to take the concept further than skinning and more toward an "art community". Many of the individuals involved with the initial development and promotion of deviantArt still hold positions with the project, from administrators to volunteers serving as gallery directors and Message Network Administration. Angelo Sotira currently serves as the chief executive officer of deviantArt, Inc.
On November 14, 2006, deviantArt gave its users the option to submit their works under Creative Commons licenses giving the artists the right to choose how their works can be used. A Creative Commons license is one of several public copyright licenses that allow the distribution of copyrighted works.
On September 30, 2007, a film category was added to deviantArt, allowing artists to upload videos. An artist and other viewers can add annotations to sections of the film, giving comments or critiques to the artist about a particular moment in the film.
In 2007, deviantArt received $3.5 million in Series A (first round) funding from undisclosed investors, and in 2013 it received $10 million in Series B funding.
Website.
The site has over 265 million images which have been uploaded by its over 28 million members. As of July 2011, deviantArt was the largest internet art platform. Members of deviantArt may leave comments and critiques on individual deviation pages, allowing the site to be called “a peer evaluation application”. Along with textual critique, deviantArt now offers the option to leave a small picture as a comment. This can be achieved using an option of deviantArt Muro, which is a browser-based drawing tool that devaintArt has developed and hosts. It is simple, with eight free brushes available for anyone’s use, although only members of deviantArt can save their work as deviations. Another feature of Muro is what is called “Redraw”; it records the user as they draw their image, and then the user can post the entire process as a film deviation. Some artists have begun in late 2013 experimenting with the use of breakfast cereal as the subject of their pieces, although this trend has only begun to spread. 
Individual deviations are displayed on their own pages, with a list of statistical information about the image, as well as place for uploader and member comments, and ‘sharing’ through other social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.). These deviations are required to be organized into categories when a member uploads an image, and this facilitates the deviantArt’s search engine in finding images concerning similar topics.
Individual members can also organize their own deviations into folders, allowing further organization on their personal pages. These personal member pages, or profiles, show a member’s personally uploaded deviations and journal postings. Journals are like a personal blog accompanying a member’s profile page, and topic coverage is up to the member; some use it to talk of their personal or art-related lives, others use it to spread awareness or marshal support for a cause. Also displayed are a member’s “favourites”, or collection of other users’ images from deviantArt, which the member can save to a folder of its own. Another thing to be found on the profile page is a member’s “watchers”; a member may add another member to their “watch list” in order to be notified when that member uploads something. The watcher notifications are gathered with other notices in a member’s Message Center, other notices being when other users comment on that member’s deviations, or when the member receives favorites.
In order to communicate on a more private level, “Notes” can be sent between individual members, similar to an email within the site. Other opportunities for communication among members are deviantArt’s forums and chatrooms; chatrooms being for group instant messaging, and forums being for more structured, long-term discussions.
Versions.
DeviantArt has been revising the site in versions, releasing multiple features at once. Third, fourth and fifth versions were released on the date of site's birthday, August 7.
Along with occasional version upgrades, there have been numerous features which deviantArt was using before other social websites; co-founder David Sotira shared these in an interview.
Live Events.
DeviantArt Summit.
On June 17 and June 18, 2005, deviantArt held their first convention, the deviantArt Summit, at the Palladium in the Hollywood area of Los Angeles, California, United States. The summit consisted of several exhibitions by numerous artists, including artscene groups old and new at about 200 different booths. Giant projection screens displayed artwork as it was being submitted live to deviantArt, which receives 50,000 new images daily. The summit also hosted various art-related workshops and seminars. -->
Leaders of deviantArt had hoped to hold a new summit each year; however, no plans were ever made for a 2006 Summit.
DeviantArt World Tour.
Starting May 13, 2009, deviantArt embarked on a world tour, visiting cities around the world, including Sydney, Singapore, Warsaw, Istanbul, Berlin, Paris, London, New York City, Toronto and Los Angeles. During the world tour, the new "Portfolio" feature of deviantArt was previewed to attendees.
deviantMEETs.
Occasionally, deviantArt hosts a meeting for members to come together in real life and interact, exchange, and have fun. There have been meetings for the birthday of deviantArt, called 'Birthday Bashes', as well as simple general get-togethers around the world. In 2010, European devaintArt members held a deviantMEET to celebrate deviantArt's birthday in August. There was also a celebration that year in the House of Blues in Hollywood, California. 
Company Interest from Elsewhere.
Due to the nature of deviantArt as an art community with global reach, some companies use deviantArt in order to both promote themselves and create more advertising. Dodge ran a contest on devaintArt in 2012 for art of the Dodge Dart car, and over 4,000 submissions were received. Winners received cash and item prizes, and were featured in a gallery at Dodge-Chrysler headquarters. CoolClimate is a research network connected with the University of California, and they held a contest on deviantArt in 2012 to address the impact of climate change. Worldwide submissions were received, and the winner was featured in the Huffington Post. Lexus also partnered with deviantArt in 2013 to run a contest based on their Lexus IS design; the winner's design will actually become a modified Lexus IS and be showcased at the SEMA 2013 show in Los Angeles, California. Cash and other prizes were also involved. deviantArt also hosts contests for upcoming movies, such as Riddick. Fan art was submitted, and director David Twohy chose the winners, who each received cash prizes and some other deviantArt-related prizes, as well as had their artwork made into official fanart posters for events. A similar contest was held for Dark Shadows. Winners received cash and other prizes. Video games also conduct contests with deviantArt, such as a 2013 Tomb Raider contest. The winner had their art made into an official print sold internationally at the Tomb Raider store, and received cash and other prizes. Other winners also received cash and deviantArt-related prizes.
Reception.
Copyright and licensing issues.
There is no automatic review for potential copyright and Creative Commons licensing violations when a work is submitted to deviantArt, so potential violations can remain unnoticed until reported to administrators. A mechanism for notifying administrators of such issues is available. Some members of the community have also been the victims of copyright infringement from vendors using artwork illegally on products and prints.

</doc>
<doc id="18994274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994274" title="Imamgarh">
Imamgarh

Imamgarh or Kot Imamgarh or Imam Garh () is located in Khairpur District, Sindh, Pakistan. The geographical coordinates of Imamgarh are 26° 32' 0" North, 69° 14' 0" East.
The Battle of Miani was fought in Imamgarh on February 17, 1843 between colonial British forces under Sir Charles Napier and the Talpur Amirs of Sindh. This battle resulted in British occupation of Sindh until independence of Pakistan in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="18994287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994287" title="Maria Temryukovna">
Maria Temryukovna

Maria Temryukovna ("Мари́я Темрюко́вна", c. 1544 – 1 September 1569) was a Circassian Tsaritsa of the Tsardom of Russia and second wife to Ivan IV of Russia.
The daughter of Muslim prince Temrjuk of Kabardia, Maria (originally named Kučenej ("Кученей") before her baptism) was presented to Ivan in Moscow after the death of his first wife Anastasia Romanovna. Russian folklore tells of how Ivan's first wife, before dying, warned him not to take a pagan as a wife. Ivan was so smitten by Maria's beauty, that he decided to marry her immediately. On 21 August 1561, they married, four days before Ivan's 31st birthday. Ivan soon came to regret the decision to marry her, on account of his new wife being viewed as illiterate and vindictive. She never fully integrated to the Muscovite way of life, and was considered a poor stepmother to Ivan's two sons Ivan and Feodor. She gave birth to a son named Vasili, named after her father-in-law on 21 March 1563, though he died on 3 May that same year. Maria was generally hated by her subjects, who believed her to be manipulative and witch-like in her behaviour. Some historians write that it was she who first incited her husband to form the "oprichniki". She died on 1 September 1569 at the age of 25. It was rumored that she had been poisoned by her own husband. The Tsar never admitted as such, and had many people tortured on suspicion of assassinating the Tsaritsa. Today, the descendants of the Mahidevran Sultan is said to be the nephew of the second generation
Appearances in modern media.
"Tsar" a 2009 Russian drama film directed by Pavel Lungin.

</doc>
<doc id="18994300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994300" title="Frank McCourt">
Frank McCourt

Francis "Frank" McCourt (August 19, 1930July 19, 2009) was an Irish-American teacher and writer best known for "Angela's Ashes", a tragicomic memoir of the misery and squalor of his childhood, for which he won a Pulitzer Prize.
Life and Works.
Early years.
Frank McCourt was born in Brooklyn, New York, on 19 August 1930 his father Malachy McCourt, an ex-IRA man from Ballymoney, Antrim (1901–1985), and Irish Catholic mother Angela Sheehan from Limerick (1908–1981). Frank McCourt lived in New York with his parents and four younger siblings: Malachy, born in 1931; twins Oliver and Eugene, born in 1932; and a younger sister, Margaret, who died just seven weeks after birth, in 1935. In the midst of the Great Depression, the family moved back to Ireland. Unable to find steady work in Belfast or Dublin and beset by Malachy Senior's alcoholism, the McCourt family returned to their mother's native Limerick, where they sank even deeper into poverty. They lived in a rain-soaked slum, the parents and children sharing one bed together, McCourt's father drinking away what little money they had. The twins Oliver and Eugene died in early childhood due to the squalor of their circumstances, and two more boys were born, Michael, who now lives in San Francisco, and Alphonsus, who lives in Manhattan. Frank McCourt himself nearly died of typhoid fever when he was 11.
McCourt related that when he was 11, his father left Limerick to find work in the factories of wartime Coventry, England, rarely sending back money to support his family. Eventually McCourt recounts that Malachy Senior abandoned Frank's mother altogether, leaving her to raise her four surviving children, on the edge of starvation, without any source of income. Frank's school education ended at age 13, when the Irish Christian Brothers ejected him. Frank then held odd jobs and stole bread and milk in an effort to provide for his mother and three surviving brothers.
Early career.
In October 1949, at the age of 19, McCourt left Ireland, using money he had saved from a post office job. Alternatively, in a TV interview McCourt says that one of the people to whom he delivered telegrams was a female moneylender from whom, after her death, he stole the £55 for the trip. He took a boat from Albany to New York City with a priest he had met on the ship, who got him a room to stay in and his job at New York City's Biltmore Hotel making about $26 a week and sending $10 of it to his mother in Limerick. Brothers Malachy and Michael followed him to New York and so, later, did their mother Angela. In 1951, McCourt was drafted during the Korean War and sent to Bavaria for two years initially training dogs, then as a clerk. Upon his discharge from the US Army, he returned to New York City, where he held a series of jobs on docks, in warehouses, and in banks.
Teaching.
Using his G.I. Bill from the US Army, McCourt talked his way into New York University by claiming he was intelligent and read a great deal; they admitted him on one year's probation provided he maintained a B average. He graduated in 1957 from New York University with a bachelor's degree in English. He taught at six New York schools, including McKee Vocational and Technical High School in Staten Island, New York City College of Technology in Brooklyn, Stuyvesant High School, Seward Park High School, Washington Irving High School, and the High School of Fashion Industries, all in Manhattan. In 1967, he earned a master's degree at Brooklyn College, and in the late 1960s he spent 18 months at Trinity College in Dublin, failing to earn his Ph.D. before returning to New York City.
In a 1997 "New York Times" essay, McCourt wrote about his experiences teaching immigrant mothers at New York City College of Technology in Brooklyn.
Writing.
McCourt won the annual Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography (1997) and one of the annual National Book Critics Circle Awards (1996) for his 1996 memoir "Angela's Ashes," which details his impoverished childhood from Brooklyn, NY to Limerick, Ireland. It was a bestseller and made him a millionaire. Three years later, a movie version of "Angela's Ashes" opened to mixed reviews. Northern Irish actor Michael Legge played McCourt as a teenager. McCourt also authored "'Tis" (1999), which continues the narrative of his life, picking up from the end of "Angelas Ashes" and focusing on his life after he returned to New York. He subsequently wrote "Teacher Man" (2005) which detailed his rich experiences and the challenges of being a teacher.
McCourt was accused of greatly exaggerating his family's impoverished upbringing by many Limerickans, including Richard Harris. McCourt's own mother had denied the accuracy of his stories shortly before her death in 1981.
McCourt wrote the book for a 1997 musical entitled "The Irish ... And How They Got That Way," which featured an eclectic mix of Irish music; everything from the traditional "Danny Boy" to U2's "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For."
Personal life.
McCourt was married first, in August 1961 (div. 1979), to Alberta Small, with whom he had a daughter, Margaret. He married a second time in August 1984 (div. 1985) to psychotherapist Cheryl Floyd. He married his third wife, Ellen Frey McCourt, in August 1994, and they lived in New York City and Roxbury, Connecticut.
In his free time, McCourt took up the casual sport of rowing. He once sank his WinTech recreational single scull on the Mohawk River in New York, and had to be rescued by a local rowing team.
It was announced in May 2009 that McCourt had been treated for melanoma and that he was in remission, undergoing home chemotherapy. On July 19, 2009, he died from the cancer, with meningeal complications, at a hospice in Manhattan.
He is survived by Ellen, his daughter Maggie, his granddaughter Chiara, grandsons Frank, Jack, and Avery, and his three brothers and their families.
Recognition.
McCourt was a member of the National Arts Club and was a recipient of the Award of Excellence from The International Center in New York. In 1998, McCourt was honored as the Irish American of the Year by "Irish America" magazine. In 2002 he was awarded an honorary degree from The University of Western Ontario.
In October 2009, the New York City Department of Education, along with several partners from the community, founded the Frank McCourt High School of Writing, Journalism, and Literature, a screened-admissions public high school. The school is located on the Upper West Side of Manhattan on West 84th Street. The Frank McCourt School is one of four small schools designated to fill the campus of the former Louis D. Brandeis High School. The Frank McCourt High School began classes September 2010. The first principal of the school is Danielle Salzberg, who previously served as acting principal at Khalil Gibran International Academy and as an assistant principal at Millennium High School in New York. Among the many community partners of the Frank McCourt school are the Columbia Journalism School and Symphony Space.
The Frank McCourt Museum was officially opened by Malachy McCourt in July 2011 at Leamy House, Hartstonge Street, Limerick. This Tudor-style building was formerly known as the Leamy School, the former school of Frank and his brother Malachy. The museum showcases the 1930s classroom of Leamy School and contains a collection of memorabilia, including items such as school books of the period and old photos, all donated by former pupils of the school. As well as having a large selection of "Angela's Ashes" memorabilia, the museum has recreated the McCourt home as described in the book using period pieces and props from the "Angela's Ashes" motion picture. The downstairs of the museum houses the Dr. Frank McCourt Creative Writing centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18994307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994307" title="Live at the Royal Festival Hall (Glen Campbell album)">
Live at the Royal Festival Hall (Glen Campbell album)

Live at the Royal Festival Hall is the 33rd album by American singer and musician Glen Campbell, released in 1977 by Capitol Records.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="18994309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994309" title="Waterford Township, Iowa">
Waterford Township, Iowa

Waterford Township, Iowa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18994311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994311" title="Neptune (disambiguation)">
Neptune (disambiguation)

Neptune is the eighth planet from the sun in our solar system.
Neptune may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18994312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994312" title="Kaydeross Railroad">
Kaydeross Railroad

The Kaydeross Railroad, earlier known as the Eastern New York Railroad and Ballston Terminal Railroad, was an electric-powered trolley line that served industries along the Kayaderosseras Creek in the town of Milton, Saratoga County, New York. It was a terminal railroad, which means it had an interchange at one end (in Ballston Spa) but terminated without any other interchange.
The railroad's primary purpose was to serve the dozen water-powered paper mills and a large tool factory that were situated along the creek. These included the paper mills and bag factory of "Paper Bag King" George West, the famous Ballston Scythe & Axe Works of Isaiah Blood, the paper box mill of the National Folding Paper Box Company, and the straw paper mill of Chauncey Kilmer (later the Cottrell Paper Company).
The railroad was unique for being one of the few trolley railroads in the country to have a primary function of hauling freight cars. At least eight freight cars could be hauled by the George West trolley car to the Delaware and Hudson Railway interchange track on present day Route 50.
Construction started in 1896 when an investor group headed by Arthur B. Paine was granted a franchise by the Village of Ballston Spa. By 1902 the railroad reached its greatest extent of twelve miles. It served the villages and hamlets of Ballston Spa, Bloodville, Factory Village, Craneville, Milton Center, West Milton, Rock City Falls, and Middle Grove. A regular schedule was instituted to accommodate passengers. 
The railroad was never a financial success. The Ballston Terminal Railroad Corporation declared bankruptcy in 1904, but a new corporation was formed called the Eastern New York Railroad, and operations continued uninterrupted. In 1918, another reorganization occurred when several paper mill owners banded together and purchased the ailing railroad. It was thereafter called the Kaydeross Railroad. This line operated until 1929, when it shut down for the last time. By then, only three paper mills had survived. However, the railroad served its primary purpose of providing inexpensive transportation and distribution and contributed to the longevity of the industries it served.
Little of the railroad remains today. The brick powerhouse still survives in Factory Village, and approximately one mile of the former railroad bed is scheduled to become a walking trail in Boice Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18994317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994317" title="Barnett Stross">
Barnett Stross

Sir Barnett Stross KBE (25 December 1899 – 13 May 1967) was a British doctor and politician. He served twenty years as a Labour Party Member of Parliament, famously led the humanitarian campaign "Lidice Shall Live" and pushed for reforms in industry to protect workers
Early life.
Barnett Stross was born to a Jewish family, originally bearing the name Strasberg, in Poland on Christmas Day 1899. His parents - Father Samuel and Mother Cecilia, daughter to a Rabbi, were married in Poland in 1880. Barnett, called Bob by his family, had eleven siblings. When he was three, his family moved to Leeds. Stross was educated at Leeds Grammar School. He then studied medicine at the University of Leeds where he qualified in 1926.
Doctors' practice.
He chose to set up in practice in the Potteries area of north Staffordshire. Two years later he appeared before a committee of inquiry into silicosis as an expert witness on behalf of the pottery workers. His campaign on silicosis became a passionate cause and successive government schemes providing compensation for people suffering from pneumoconiosis and silicosis were established as a result of his campaigning. He successfully launched a media campaign to obtain financial compensation for miners who suffered serious occupational lung disease. At a time prior to the existence of a Welfare State in Britain, Stross gave medical care without charge to the poorer members of Stoke-on-Trent's communities. During the Second World War he gave healthy lifestyle lectures on behalf of the Ministry of Food. During one of these lectures a German bomb struck the auditorium, leaving Stross seriously injured.
Early Political career.
After Stross became honorary medical adviser to the Pottery Worker's Society, he joined the Labour Party in 1930. He was also involved with the North Staffordshire Miners' Federation and an active member of the Socialist Medical Association. In 1937 he was elected to Stoke-on-Trent City Council, on which he served until 1952 (during the later part of this period he was an Alderman). At the 1945 general election Stross was elected as Labour MP for Stoke-on-Trent's Hanley division. His medical experience was often called upon when other MPs, Lords and members of the public present in the Palace of Westminster felT ill. He concentrated on industrial illnesses and opposed smoking because of the lung damage caused.
In recognition of his lifetime of great works two roads in Little Chell, Stoke-on-Trent, were named after him by the city council he used to serve on.
Lidice Shall Live.
Stross did not confine himself to medical issues. He also led a campaign to rebuild Lidice, a Czechoslovak village which had been destroyed by Nazi forces during the Second World War in a 1942 massacre under orders from Adolf Hitler, who was enraged by the assassination of Reinhard Heydrich by British trained Czech resistance fighters. On June 10, 1942 Nazi soldiers entered Lidice. All of the village's 192 men were killed. 173 men were shot by Nazi troops on the day they entered Lidice. The Nazi’s later went onto shoot a further 19 men and 7 woman from the village on the 16 June in Kobylisy. 198 women and 98 children were separated and taken to the Ravensbruck concentration camp. Of the 198 women taken to the camp only 146 are known to have survived. It is believed the 3 women died on the death march and 49 women were tortured to death. A total of 82 children were gassed at Chelmno on the orders of Adolf Eichmann with a further 6 children being killed elsewhere. Only 17 younger children survived the tragedy having been placed with German families (these children returned to Lidice after the war). Lidice was then razed to the ground in order to wipe it off the map for ever. News of the tragedy soon reached the rest of the world as it was filmed and broadcast by the Nazis.
Stross was deeply affected by the Lidice tragedy. Immediately after news of the event reached Stoke-on-Trent he spoke to miners and their leaders, proposing the reconstruction of the village of Lidice to commemorate this crime against humanity forever. On the afternoon of Sunday 6 September, in The Victoria Hall, the "Lidice Shall Live" movement was formed in the presence of Czechoslovak President, Edvard Benes, Will Lawther, President of the Miners' Federation, and Soviet Ambassador Bogomolov. The name of the movement came about in defiant response to Adolf Hitler's proclamation that "Lidice shall die". It was Barnett Stross who so vehemently replied, "Lidice Shall Live!"
An audience of 3,000 men and women heard Dr Benes' concluding remarks: "This meeting has made it clear that Lidice has not died: it lives on in the hearts of the people of Stoke-on-Trent at least. From now on, Stoke-on-Trent will forever in the heart of every Czech citizen". 
In the months that followed, from its base in Stoke-on-Trent fund-raising campaigns were organised, collecting donations from British miners and workers to pay for the construction of a new Lidice. In 1947 Lidice began to be rebuilt with the help of the £32,000 raised by people from the Potteries, this included more than 150 modern state of the art homes. In 1955 Barnett lead an initiative to construct the world’s largest rose garden with 23,000 roses donated by numerous countries around the world. For this work, in 1947 Stross was honoured by the Czechoslovak government with the White Lion of Czechoslovakia, and became Chair of the British-Czechoslovakia Society, and he used this position to highlight human rights abuses under the Communist government.
In October 2013 a sculpture commemorating the Lidice Shall Live movement was unveiled. The 6.8 metre high steel sculpture cost £100,000 to build and features 3,000 tags bearing the initials of people who promise to share the story of the movement. North Staffordshire-based Dashyline was commissioned by Stoke-on-Trent City Council to create the artwork, which has been installed near Hanley bus station and took three years to complete.
A "New" Lidice.
The decision of the Czechoslovak government to rebuild the village of Lidice was made public at the first ceremonial commemoration on the 10th June 1945. Two months later the architectural competition was announced and in 1947 the development of the new Lidice began. Over some years, 150 detached houses were built for the women survivors, with a community centre, museum, shopping centre and the building which housed "the people's committee". The movement "Lidice Shall Live" made an important financial contribution in the region of £1m in today's money. Barnett Stross visited Lidice several times. He considered it a great personal honour to be awarded the Freedom of Lidice on 21 June 1957.
The support from the Stoke-on-Trent movement did not end even after the new Lidice had been built. After the financial support another idea of Stross's saw the light of day in 1954 - to found the Friendship and Peace Rose Garden, linking symbolically the bare plain of the original Lidice with the newly built village. Stross, in his plea for contributions, called it, "A fragrant symbol of the need for all nations of the world to live together in peace and friendship". The Rose Garden, the largest in the world, received roses from all over the world. The largest and most beautiful assortment came from the UK. The credit for that went to the well known rose growers, the Wheatcroft's from Ruddington, near Nottingham. The inhabitants of Lidice showed their appreciation by planting a lime avenue which was named after Barnett Stross.
The Arts.
Stross's lifelong love was art. In 1945 he became a co-founder of the Arts & Amenities Group of the Parliamentary Labour Party. He was able to enthuse Conservative as well as Labour politicians for art. He played a key role in purchasing works by Leonard Cartoon for the UK. As a member of the Historical Buildings Council he ensured the preservation of some industrial buildings as a reminder of the industrial revolution in England. Thanks to Barnett Stross, North Staffordshire gained many precious works of art. He bequeathed his large art collection to the University of Keele, of which he was a co-founder. The collection consisted mainly of pictures, sculptures and objets d'art of the 19th and 20th centuries. 
He was instrumental in the establishment of the recently refurbished Mitchell Memorial Theatre. In 1962, making use of his artistic contacts, he invited artists from all over the world to donate their works to Lidice to establish a museum of art symbolizing the solidarity of artists with the Lidice tragedy. Many artists responded to the invitation, among them: J.Beuys, G. Richter, E. Vedova, R. Guttuso, S. Polke, R. Opalka, L. Survage, P. Blake and W. Vostell. The themes and the techniques were not defined. Thanks to this open invitation, the rapidly growing collection assumed its heterogeneous character, compromising many different forms influenced by the ideologies and art styles of that time. Today the collection contains 433 works of art by 331 artists from 34 countries including the UK. It has been on display at the Lidice Gallery of the Lidice Memorial since 2003.
Ministerial career.
Stross received a Knighthood in the New Years' Honours list of 1964. When Labour won the 1964 general election, he was appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Health. He left office in February 1965 and in July 1965 announced his retirement from the House of Commons due to concerns about his own health. He stood down at the 1966 general election. Barnett Stross died at the University College in London on 14 May 1967. 
He devoted the largest part of his life to his political career, playing a major role in the development of relations between the UK and Czechoslovakia, the renewal of the village of Lidice and the protection of workers against industrial disease. As a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee he kept in touch with Czechoslovakia for all his life. On the 18th June 1947 the Czechoslovak government awarded him the highest state award, Order of the White Lion, for his effort to support the renewal of Lidice. 
Sir Barnett Stross considered the establishment of the movement to support Lidice, its genesis in Stoke-on-Trent, but growing worldwide, his greatest personal success. He said that the success lay neither in the big sum that had been collected for the rebuilding of Lidice nor in the beautiful Rose Garden nor in the Lidice Collection which he had founded. He saw the success in the fact that the news about the slaughter of innocent people had flown around the world, converting the crime committed by the Nazis into a weapon of peace.
Espionage claims.
Two years after Stross' death, the Czech intelligence defector Josef Frolik named him as having been an agent of Czechoslovakia. According to Frolik, Stross (code-named "Gustav") had provided "interesting information about the domestic and foreign policies of the Labour Party while it was in opposition". Stephen Dorril and Robin Ramsay's book "Smear! Wilson and the Secret State" claims that such information as Stross supplied could have been obtained by requesting it in writing to Transport House (the headquarters of the Labour Party).

</doc>
<doc id="18994321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994321" title="Blas Minor">
Blas Minor

Blas Minor Jr. (March 20, 1966 in Merced, California), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He would play for the Houston Astros, New York Mets, Seattle Mariners, and Pittsburgh Pirates. He is now a captain with the Chandler, Arizona Fire Department.

</doc>
<doc id="18994322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994322" title="The Bandit Run">
The Bandit Run

The Bandit Run is a reenactment of the journey portrayed in the 1977 film, "Smokey and the Bandit". The reenactment first took place on May 15, 2007 and has become an annual event.
The reenactment was the brainchild of David Hershey and Dave Hall who wanted to commemorate the 30-year anniversary of the classic film. Hall, of the website, "Restore a Muscle Car" came up with the idea when Hershey purchased his restored 1977 Pontiac Trans Am from him in 2006.
2007.
Following the same route that the characters Bo "Bandit" Darville (Burt Reynolds) and Cledus "Snowman" Snow (Jerry Reed) made in the 1977 movie, a group of about 30 Trans Ams started out in Texarkana on May 15, 2007. There, they had a send-off at the Classic Car Museum. Both Texarkana mayors also got involved and gave a send off speech to the group. Heading east on the three-day trip, they were joined by "Hot Rod Magazine" and "Automobile Magazine". After an evening in Tupelo, the growing group of Bandit Runners received another send-off at the Tupelo Auto Museum on May 16. From there, they headed toward Birmingham, Alabama.
There was a stop at the Talladega Superspeedway, where the Bandit Runners were given a tour of the museum, a group photo and lunch. Then, a short drive brought them to their destination, the Year One Facility, for the annual "Year One Experience", a three-day event. 
The group in Atlanta totaled more than 100 Trans Ams and other cars. Local and national media was there to cover the event, and the Bandit Run was featured on "Hot Rod TV" and the DIY Network. To finish the weekend off, local Bandit Runner Tyler H gave the group a movie location tour around Atlanta, and visited some of the movie's most famous sites.

</doc>
<doc id="18994323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994323" title="Philippines at the 2010 Asian Games">
Philippines at the 2010 Asian Games

The Philippines is participating at the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou, China.
Aquatics.
Diving.
13 athletes (including swimming and diving)

2 athletes

7 athletes
Men's 3000 Steeplechase.
Rene Herrera - 9:02.93 min 8th
Men's Hammerthrow.
Arniel Ferrer - 58.06 m 9th
Men's Javelin Throw.
Danilo Fresnido - 70.35 m 10th
Men's Long Jump.
Henry Dagmil - 7.52 m 6th
Men's Marathon.
Eduardo Buenavista
Women's Javelin Throw.
Rosie Villarito - 48.87 m 9th
Women's Long Jump.
Marestella Torres- 6.49 m 4th
12 athletes
Game - Chess.
6 athletes
Board Game - Xiangqi.
2 athletes
Men's Individual.
12 athletes

6 athletes (including 1 female boxer)
and Kayak Sprint.
2 athletes
Men's Canoe Single 1000m.
Dany Fuenlas
Men's Kayak Single 1000m.
Alex Generalo
Men's Kayak Single 200m.
Alex Generalo
Sports.
14 athletes
Men's Snooker Singles.
Benjamin Guevarra Jr.
Marlon Manalo
Women's 6-Red Snooker Team.
Floriza Andal
Mary Ann Basas
Zemonette Oryan
- Road.
4 athletes
Men's Individual Road Race.
Lloyd Lucien Reynante
Irish Valenzuela
Men's Individual Time Trial.
Lloyd Lucien Reynante
Women's Individual Road Race.
Baby Marites Bitbit
Women's Individual Time Trial.
Baby Marites Bitbit
- Track.
3 Athletes plus Baby Marites Bitbit
Men's Points Race.
John Renee Mier
George Oconer
Women's Points Race.
Baby Marites Bitbit
Women's Sprint.
Apryl Jessica Eppinger
12 athletes
Boat.
Philippine Dragon Boat Team won't be competing in the 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games. The Philippine Olympic Committee denied the appeal of the paddlers and insisted that the team is not ready for the said competition.
Men's 1000m Straight Race.
Philippine Men's Dragon Boat Team
24 Man Team
Men's 500m Straight Race.
Philippine Men's Dragon Boat Team
24 Man Team
Men's 250m Straight Race.
Philippine Men's Dragon Boat Team
24 Man Team
Women's 1000m Straight Race.
Philippine Women's Dragon Boat Team
24 Man Team
Women's 500m Straight Race.
Philippine Women's Dragon Boat Team
24 Man Team
Women's 250m Straight Race.
Philippine Women's Dragon Boat Team
24 Woman Team
2 athletes
Men's Individual Sabre.
Walbert Mendoza
Women's Individual Foil.
Jaime Nicanor
7 athletes
Men's Individual.
Jerson Balasabas
Mhark Fernando
Miguel Luis Tabuena
Men's Team.
Jhonnel Ababa
Jerson Balasabas
Mhark Fernando
Miguel Luis Tabuena
Women's Individual.
Dottie Ardina
Chihiro Ikeda
Maria Imelda Isabel Piccicio
Women's Team.
Dottie Ardina
Chihiro Ikeda
Maria Imelda Isabel Piccicio
Gymnastics.
1 athlete
Women's Team.
Maria Victoria Alicia Recinto
6 athletes
Men.
'"Repechage
Women.
"'Repechage
4 athletes
Men's -67 kg.
Rolando Lagman Jr.
Men's Individual Kata.
Noel Espinosa
Women's -50 kg.
Mae Soriano
Women's -55 kg.
Ma. Marna Pabillore
3 athletes
Lightweight Men's Double Sculls.
Roque Abala Jr.
Alvin Amposta
Lightweight Men's Single Sculls.
Benjamin Tolentino Jr.
3 athletes
Men's Double Handed Dinghy 470.
Lester Troy Tayong
Emerson Villena
Men's RS:X.
Reneric Moreno
3 athletes
Men's Double.
Jason Huerte
Marbie Quirante
Metodio Suico Jr.
9 athletes
Men's 50m Rifle 3 Positions.
Jayson Valdez
Men's Trap.
Eric Ang
Jethro Dionisio
Hagen Alexander Topacio
15 athletes
Philippine Women's Softball Team
Tennis.
10 athletes
Men's Doubles.
Jhomar Arcilla
Joseph Arcilla
Giovanni Pietro Mamawal
Mikoff Manduriao
Men's Singles.
Joseph Arcilla
Samuel Noguit
Women's Doubles.
Deena Rose Cruz
Divina Grace Escala 
Cheryl Macasera
Josephine Paguyo
Women's Singles.
Cheryl Macasera
Noelle Conchita Corazon Zoleta

2 athletes
Women's Individual.
Jemyca Aribado
Yvonne Alyssa Dalida
4 athletes
Men's Doubles.
Johnny Arcilla
Ruben Gonzales Jr.
Treat Conrad Huey
Cecil Mamiit
Men's Singles.
Treat Conrad Huey
Cecil Mamiit

12 athletes
Men's Under 63kg.
Tshomlee Go
Men's Under 68kg.
Jeffrey Figueroa
Men's Under 74kg.
Samuel Thomas Harper Morrison
Men's Under 80kg.
Marlon Avenido
Women's Under 49kg.
Jyra Marie Lizardo
Women's Under 53kg.
Jade Zafra
Women's Under 57kg.
Karla Jane Alava
Women's Under 62kg.
Maria Camille Manalo
Women's Under 73kg.
Kirstie Elaine Alora
2 athletes
Men's Individual.
Neil Catiil 
Nikko Bryan Huelgas
2 athletes
Men's 56 kg.
Nestor Colonia
Women's 58 kg.
Hidilyn Diaz
4 athletes
Men's Freestyle 55 kg.
Jerry Angana
Men's Freestyle 66 kg.
Jimmy Angana
Men's Greco-Roman 55 kg.
Margarito Angana Jr.
Women's Freestyle 48 kg.
Maribel Jambora
7 athletes

</doc>
<doc id="18994328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994328" title="2001 World Youth Championships in Athletics">
2001 World Youth Championships in Athletics

The 2001 World Youth Championships in Athletics was the second edition of the World Youth Championships in Athletics. It was held in Debrecen, Hungary from July 12 to July 15, 2001. 

</doc>
<doc id="18994332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994332" title="BUTEC">
BUTEC

The British Underwater Test and Evaluation Centre (BUTEC) is a range used to evaluate the sensors and aural emissions of British submarines. It is operated on behalf of the Royal Navy and the Ministry of Defence by QinetiQ. During the 1970s the range was used to test torpedoes and other equipment designed for submarine operational use.
BUTEC is located in Inner Sound between the northern east coast of the island of Raasay and the Applecross peninsula on the west coast of the Scottish mainland. The range consists of a noise range to the east of the isle of South Rona, and a torpedo testing range located in the centre of the Inner Sound between the isle of Raasay and Applecross on the mainland. The noise range is about a mile long and divided into blocks 50 yards wide (labelled A to Z) within which is a large array of sensors. A submarine is expected to move through the middle of the range (blocks M or N) repeatedly as the shore-based scientific team on Rona analyse the sound of the submarine. If the boat does not achieve its expected aural signature, it is not permitted to start active patrols.
The Range Terminal Control Building (including jetty and heliport) are situated at the eastern edge of the range, adjacent to the Sand archaeological site, about 4 miles north of Applecross. Outlying installations for the noise range are located on the island of Rona. The main logistics and administrative centre is the Shore Support Base, at Kyle of Lochalsh.
The torpedo testing range is covered by bylaws which ban any underwater activity by fishermen within the range area and trawling activities are also banned within the whole of the Inner Sound area.
Upcoming range activities are published in the local newspaper West Highland Free Press. When firings are taking place, safety vessels are placed around the range area. Firings are done by submarines, helicopters, aircraft and boats. The torpedoes are equipped with acoustic tracking and measuring equipment in place of warheads. Other trials are carried out here including the use of sonars and exercises by Minehunters.
There was controversy when a high-powered sonar device was tested on the range in 2002, which had been blamed for the deaths of whales and dolphins and that had been banned in the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="18994346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994346" title="Luga">
Luga

Luga may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18994349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994349" title="Wilfrid Kalaugher">
Wilfrid Kalaugher

Wilfrid George Kalaugher (26 November 1904 – 12 August 1999) was a New Zealand athlete and scholar. He was a school master in Marlborough College, England. 
Biography.
Kalaugher was born in Winchester, New Zealand and he grew up in Devonport. He was dux of Sacred Heart College, Auckland in 1921, where there is now a wing named after him. He attended Victoria University of Wellington, where he studied mathematics and competed in athletics, cricket, and rugby. In 1926, he was selected as a Rhodes Scholar to Balliol College, Oxford, where he represented Oxford University in first-class cricket from 1928 to 1931. At the same time he played Minor Counties Championship cricket for Oxfordshire. While at Oxford University, he gained an Oxford Blue after winning a hurdles title. 
He represented New Zealand at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam, competing in the triple jump and 110 m hurdles. 
In 1931, he took up a teaching position at Marlborough College, England, and found his career "amid the playing fields and schools of England". He died in Newcastle-on-Tyne.

</doc>
<doc id="18994360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994360" title="Portugal in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996">
Portugal in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996

Portugal selected their entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1996 through the annual Festival da Canção.
Festival da Canção 1996.
Festival da Canção 1996 was held on 7 March 1996 and was hosted by Carlos Cruz and Isabel Angelino. The winner was selected through the votes of 10 regional juries of Portugal. 
The winner was Lúcia Moniz with the song "O meu coração não tem cor" (My Heart Has No Colour).
At Eurovision.
Due to news rules implemented in this year, Moniz's was required to pass through a preliminary round of voting, to bring down the 30 countries that applied to participate to 23 for the contest. Portugal passed through this preliminary round.
On the night of the contest, Moniz performed 4th, following Spain and preceding Cyprus. Despite coming second in the voting at points of the contest, Moniz finished 6th with 92 points. However this was, and still is as of 2012, Portugal's best placing at the contest in its history.

</doc>
<doc id="18994363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994363" title="R.E.M.">
R.E.M.

R.E.M. was an American rock band from Athens, Georgia, formed in 1980 by singer Michael Stipe, guitarist Peter Buck, bassist Mike Mills, and drummer Bill Berry. One of the first popular alternative rock bands, R.E.M. gained early attention because of Buck's ringing, arpeggiated guitar style and Stipe's unclear vocals. R.E.M. released its first single, "Radio Free Europe", in 1981 on the independent record label Hib-Tone. The single was followed by the "Chronic Town" EP in 1982, the band's first release on I.R.S. Records. In 1983, the group released its critically acclaimed debut album, "Murmur", and built its reputation over the next few years through subsequent releases, constant touring, and the support of college radio. Following years of underground success, R.E.M. achieved a mainstream hit in 1987 with the single "The One I Love". The group signed to Warner Bros. Records in 1988, and began to espouse political and environmental concerns while playing large arenas worldwide.
By the early 1990s, when alternative rock began to experience broad mainstream success, R.E.M. was viewed by subsequent acts such as Nirvana and Pavement as a pioneer of the genre and released its two most commercially successful albums, catapulting them to international fame, "Out of Time" (1991) and "Automatic for the People" (1992), which veered from the band's established sound. R.E.M.'s 1994 release, "Monster", was a return to a more rock-oriented sound, but still continued their run of success. The band began its first tour in six years to support the album; the tour was marred by medical emergencies suffered by three band members. In 1996, R.E.M. re-signed with Warner Bros. for a reported US$80 million, at the time the most expensive recording contract in history. Their 1996 release, "New Adventures in Hi-Fi", though critically acclaimed, fared worse commercially than expected. The following year, Bill Berry left the band, while Buck, Mills, and Stipe continued the group as a trio. Through some changes in musical style, the band continued its career into the next decade with mixed critical and commercial success, despite having sold over 85 million records worldwide. In 2007, the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. R.E.M. disbanded amicably in September 2011, announcing the split on its website.
History.
Formation: 1980–1981.
In January 1980, Michael Stipe met Peter Buck in Wuxtry Records, the Athens record store where Buck worked. The pair discovered that they shared similar tastes in music, particularly in punk rock and protopunk artists like Patti Smith, Television, and The Velvet Underground. Stipe said, "It turns out that I was buying all the records that was saving for himself." Stipe and Buck soon met fellow University of Georgia students Mike Mills and Bill Berry, who had played music together since high school. The quartet agreed to collaborate on several songs; Stipe later commented that "there was never any grand plan behind any of it". Their still-unnamed band spent a few months rehearsing and played its first show on April 5, 1980, at a friend's birthday party held in a converted Episcopal church in Athens. After considering names like "Twisted Kites", "Cans of Piss", and "Negro Wives", the band settled on "R.E.M." (which stands for the stage of sleep called rapid eye movement), which Stipe selected at random from a dictionary.
The band members eventually dropped out of school to focus on their developing group. They found a manager in Jefferson Holt, a record store clerk who was so impressed by an R.E.M. performance in his hometown of Chapel Hill, North Carolina, that he moved to Athens. R.E.M.'s success was almost immediate in Athens and surrounding areas; the band drew progressively larger crowds for shows, which caused some resentment in the Athens music scene. Over the next year and a half, R.E.M. toured throughout the Southern United States. Touring was arduous because a touring circuit for alternative rock bands did not then exist. The group toured in an old blue van driven by Holt, and lived on a food allowance of $2 each per day.
During the summer of 1981, R.E.M. recorded its first single, "Radio Free Europe", at producer Mitch Easter's Drive-In Studios in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. The single was released on the local independent record label Hib-Tone with an initial pressing of one thousand copies, which quickly sold out. Despite its limited pressing, the single garnered critical acclaim, and was listed as one of the ten best singles of the year by "The New York Times".
I.R.S. Records and cult success: 1982–1986.
R.E.M. recorded the "Chronic Town" EP with Mitch Easter in October 1981, and planned to release it on a new indie label named Dasht Hopes. However, I.R.S. Records acquired a demo of the band's first recording session with Easter that had been circulating for months. The band turned down the advances of major label RCA Records in favor of I.R.S., with whom it signed a contract in May 1982. I.R.S. released "Chronic Town" that August as its first American release. A positive review of the EP by "NME" praised the songs' auras of mystery, and concluded, "R.E.M. ring true, and it's great to hear something as unforced and cunning as this."
I.R.S. first paired R.E.M. with producer Stephen Hague to record its debut album. Hague's emphasis on technical perfection left the band unsatisfied, and the band members asked the label to let them record with Easter. I.R.S. agreed to a "tryout" session, allowing the band to return to North Carolina and record the song "Pilgrimage" with Easter and producing partner Don Dixon. After hearing the track, I.R.S. permitted the group to record the album with Dixon and Easter. Because of its bad experience with Hague, the band recorded the album via a process of negation, refusing to incorporate rock music clichés such as guitar solos or then-popular synthesizers, in order to give its music a timeless feel. The completed album, "Murmur", was greeted with critical acclaim upon its release in 1983, with "Rolling Stone" listing the album as its record of the year. The album reached number 36 on the "Billboard" album chart. A re-recorded version of "Radio Free Europe" was the album's lead single and reached number 78 on the "Billboard" singles chart in 1983. Despite the acclaim awarded the album, "Murmur" sold only about 200,000 copies, which I.R.S.'s Jay Boberg felt was below expectations.
R.E.M. made its first national television appearance on "Late Night with David Letterman" in October 1983, during which the group performed a new, unnamed song. The piece, eventually titled "So. Central Rain (I'm Sorry)", became the first single from the band's second album, "Reckoning" (1984), which was also recorded with Easter and Dixon. The album met with critical acclaim; "NME"s Mat Snow wrote that "Reckoning" "confirms R.E.M. as one of the most beautifully exciting groups on the planet". While "Reckoning" peaked at number 27 on the US album charts—an unusually high chart placing for a college rock band at the time—scant airplay and poor distribution overseas resulted in it charting no higher than number 91 in Britain.
The band's third album, "Fables of the Reconstruction" (1985), demonstrated a change in direction. Instead of Dixon and Easter, R.E.M. chose producer Joe Boyd, who had worked with Fairport Convention and Nick Drake, to record the album in England. The band members found the sessions unexpectedly difficult, and were miserable due to the cold winter weather and what they considered to be poor food; the situation brought the band to the verge of break-up. The gloominess surrounding the sessions ended up providing the context for the album itself. Lyrically, Stipe began to create storylines in the mode of Southern mythology, noting in a 1985 interview that he was inspired by "the whole idea of the old men sitting around the fire, passing on ... legends and fables to the grandchildren". "Fables of the Reconstruction" performed poorly in Europe and its critical reception was mixed, with some critics regarding it as dreary and poorly recorded. As with the previous records, the singles from "Fables of the Reconstruction" were mostly ignored by mainstream radio. Meanwhile, I.R.S. was becoming frustrated with the band's reluctance to achieve mainstream success.
For its fourth album, R.E.M. enlisted John Mellencamp producer Don Gehman. The result, "Lifes Rich Pageant" (1986) featured Stipe's vocals closer to the forefront of the music. In a 1986 interview with the "Chicago Tribune", Peter Buck related, "Michael is getting better at what he's doing, and he's getting more confident at it. And I think that shows up in the projection of his voice." The album improved markedly upon the sales of "Fables of the Reconstruction" and eventually peaked at number 21 on the "Billboard" album chart. The single "Fall on Me" also picked up support on commercial radio. The album was the band's first to be certified gold for selling 500,000 copies. While American college radio remained R.E.M.'s core support, the band was beginning to chart hits on mainstream rock formats; however, the music still encountered resistance from Top 40 radio. Following the success of "Lifes Rich Pageant", I.R.S. issued "Dead Letter Office", a compilation of tracks recorded by the band during their album sessions, many of which had either been issued as B-sides or left unreleased altogether. Shortly thereafter, I.R.S. compiled R.E.M.'s music video catalog (except "Wolves, Lower") as the band's first video release, "Succumbs".
Breakthrough: 1987–1990.
Don Gehman was unable to produce R.E.M.'s fifth album, so he suggested the group work with Scott Litt. Litt would be the producer for the band's next five albums. "Document" (1987) featured some of Stipe's most openly political lyrics, particularly on "Welcome to the Occupation" and "Exhuming McCarthy", which were reactions to the conservative political environment of the 1980s under American President Ronald Reagan. Jon Pareles of "The New York Times" wrote in his review of the album, ""Document" is both confident and defiant; if R.E.M. is about to move from cult-band status to mass popularity, the album decrees that the band will get there on its own terms." "Document" was R.E.M.'s breakthrough album, and the first single "The One I Love" charted in the Top 20 in the US, UK, and Canada. By January 1988, "Document" had become the group's first album to sell a million copies. In light of the band's breakthrough, the December 1987 cover of "Rolling Stone" declared R.E.M. "America's Best Rock & Roll Band".
Frustrated that its records did not see satisfactory overseas distribution, R.E.M. left I.R.S. when its contract expired and signed with the major label Warner Bros. Records. Though other labels offered more money, R.E.M. ultimately signed with Warner Bros.—reportedly for an amount between $6 million and $12 million—due to the company's assurance of total creative freedom. In the aftermath of the group's departure, I.R.S. released the 1988 "best of" compilation "Eponymous" (assembled with input from the band members) to capitalize on assets the company still possessed. The band's 1988 Warner Bros. debut, "Green", was recorded in Nashville, Tennessee, and showcased the group experimenting with its sound. The record's tracks ranged from the upbeat first single "Stand" (a hit in the United States), to more political material, like the rock-oriented "Orange Crush" and "World Leader Pretend", which address the Vietnam War and the Cold War, respectively. "Green" has gone on to sell four million copies worldwide. The band supported the album with its biggest and most visually developed tour to date, featuring back-projections and art films playing on the stage. After the "Green" tour, the band members unofficially decided to take the following year off, the first extended break in the band's career. In 1990 Warner Bros. issued the music video compilation "Pop Screen" to collect clips from the "Document" and "Green" albums, followed a few months later by the video album "Tourfilm" featuring live performances filmed during the Green World Tour.
Non-touring years and international success: 1991–1993.
R.E.M. reconvened in mid-1990 to record its seventh album, "Out of Time". In a departure from "Green", the band members often wrote the music with non-traditional rock instrumentation including mandolin, organ, and acoustic guitar instead of adding them as overdubs later in the creative process. Released in March 1991, "Out of Time" was the band's first album to top both the US and UK charts. The record eventually sold 4.2 million copies in the US alone, and about 12 million copies worldwide by 1996. The album's lead single "Losing My Religion" was a worldwide hit that received heavy rotation on radio, as did the music video on MTV. "Losing My Religion" was R.E.M.'s highest-charting single in the US, reaching number four on the "Billboard" charts. "There've been very few life-changing events in our career because our career has been so gradual," Mills said years later. "If you want to talk about life changing, I think 'Losing My Religion' is the closest it gets". The album's second single, "Shiny Happy People" (one of three songs on the record to feature vocals from Kate Pierson of fellow Athens band The B-52's), was also a major hit, reaching number 10 in the US and number six in the UK. "Out of Time" garnered R.E.M. seven nominations at the 1992 Grammy Awards, the most nominations of any artist that year. The band won three awards: one for Best Alternative Music Album and two for "Losing My Religion", Best Short Form Music Video and Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal. R.E.M. did not tour to promote "Out of Time"; instead the group played a series of one-off shows, including an appearance taped for an episode of "MTV Unplugged" and released music videos for each song on the video album "This Film Is On".
After spending some months off, R.E.M. returned to the studio in 1991 to record its next album. Late in 1992, the band released "Automatic for the People". Though the group had intended to make a harder-rocking album after the softer textures of "Out of Time", the somber "Automatic for the People" " to move at an even more agonized crawl", according to "Melody Maker". The album dealt with themes of loss and mourning inspired by "that sense of ... turning thirty", according to Buck. Several songs featured string arrangements by former Led Zeppelin bassist John Paul Jones. Considered by a number of critics (as well as by Buck and Mills) to be the band's best album, "Automatic for the People" reached numbers one and two on UK and US charts, respectively, and generated the American Top 40 hit singles "Drive", "Man on the Moon", and "Everybody Hurts". The album would sell over fifteen million copies worldwide. As with "Out of Time", there was no tour in support of the album. The decision to forgo a tour, in conjunction with Stipe's physical appearance, generated rumors that the singer was dying or HIV-positive, which were vehemently denied by the band.
Return to touring and continued success: 1994–1996.
After the band released two slow-paced albums in a row, R.E.M.'s 1994 album "Monster" was, as Buck said, "a 'rock' record, with the rock in quotation marks." In contrast to the sound of its predecessors, the music of "Monster" consisted of distorted guitar tones, minimal overdubs, and touches of 1970s glam rock. Like "Out of Time", "Monster" topped the charts in both the US and UK. The record sold about nine million copies worldwide. The singles "What's the Frequency, Kenneth?" and "Bang and Blame" were the band's last American Top 40 hits, although all the singles from "Monster" reached the Top 30 on the British charts. Warner Bros. assembled the music videos from the album as well as those from "Automatic for the People" for release as "Parallel" in 1995.
In January 1995, R.E.M. set out on its first tour in six years. The tour was a huge commercial success, but the period was difficult for the group. On March 1, Berry collapsed on stage during a performance in Lausanne, Switzerland, having suffered a brain aneurysm. He had surgery immediately and recovered fully within a month. Berry's aneurysm was only the beginning of a series of health problems that plagued the Monster Tour. Mills had to undergo abdominal surgery to remove an intestinal adhesion in July; a month later, Stipe had to have an emergency surgery to repair a hernia. Despite all the problems, the group had recorded the bulk of a new album while on the road. The band brought along eight-track recorders to capture its shows, and used the recordings as the base elements for the album. The final three performances of the tour were filmed and released in home video form as "Road Movie".
R.E.M. re-signed with Warner Bros. Records in 1996 for a reported $80 million (a figure the band constantly asserted originated with the media), rumored to be the largest recording contract in history at that point. The group's 1996 album "New Adventures in Hi-Fi" debuted at number two in the US and number one in the UK. The five million copies of the album sold were a reversal of the group's commercial fortunes of the previous five years. "Time" writer Christopher John Farley argued that the lesser sales of the album were due to the declining commercial power of alternative rock as a whole. That same year, R.E.M. parted ways with manager Jefferson Holt, allegedly due to sexual harassment charges levied against him by a member of the band's home office in Athens. The group's lawyer, Bertis Downs, assumed managerial duties.
Berry's departure and "Up": 1997–2000.
In April 1997, the band convened at Buck's Kauai vacation home to record demos of material intended for the next album. The band sought to reinvent its sound and intended to incorporate drum loops and percussion experiments. Just as the sessions were due to begin in October, Berry decided, after months of contemplation and discussions with Downs and Mills, to tell the rest of the band that he was quitting. Berry told his band mates that he would not quit if they would break up as a result, so Stipe, Mills, and Buck agreed to carry on as a three-piece with his blessing. Berry publicly announced his departure three weeks later in October 1997. Berry told the press, "I'm just not as enthusiastic as I have been in the past about doing this anymore . . . I have the best job in the world. But I'm kind of ready to sit back and reflect and maybe not be a pop star anymore." Stipe admitted that the band would be different without a major contributor: "For me, Mike, and Peter, as R.E.M., are we still R.E.M.? I guess a three-legged dog is still a dog. It just has to learn to run differently."
The band canceled its scheduled recording sessions as a result of Berry's departure. "Without Bill it was different, confusing", Mills later said. "We didn't know exactly what to do. We couldn't rehearse without a drummer." The remaining members of R.E.M. resumed work on the album in February 1998 at Toast Studios in San Francisco. The band ended its decade-long collaboration with Scott Litt and hired Pat McCarthy to produce the record. Nigel Godrich was taken on as assistant producer, and drafted in Screaming Trees member Barrett Martin and Beck's touring drummer Joey Waronker. The recording process was plagued with tension, and the group came close to disbanding. Bertis Downs called an emergency meeting where the band members sorted out their problems and agreed to continue as a group. Led off by the single "Daysleeper", "Up" (1998) debuted in the top ten in the US and UK. However, the album was a relative failure, selling 900,000 copies in the US by mid-1999 and eventually selling just over two million copies worldwide. While R.E.M.'s American sales were declining, the group's commercial base was shifting to the UK, where more R.E.M. records were sold per capita than any other country and the band's singles regularly entered the Top 20.
A year after "Up"s release, R.E.M. wrote the instrumental score to the Andy Kaufman biographical film "Man on the Moon", a first for the group. The film took its title from the "Automatic for the People" song of the same name. The song "The Great Beyond" was released as a single from the "Man on the Moon" soundtrack album. "The Great Beyond" only reached number 57 on the American pop charts, but was the band's highest-charting single ever in the UK, reaching number three in 2000.
"Reveal" and "Around the Sun": 2001–2005.
R.E.M. recorded the majority of its twelfth album "Reveal" (2001) in Canada and Ireland from May to October 2000. "Reveal" shared the "lugubrious pace" of "Up", and featured drumming by Joey Waronker, as well as contributions by Scott McCaughey (a co-founder of the band The Minus 5 with Buck) and Posies founder Ken Stringfellow. Global sales of the album were over four million, but in the United States "Reveal" sold about the same number of copies as "Up". The album was led by the single "Imitation of Life", which reached number six in the UK. Writing for "Rock's Backpages", The Rev. Al Friston described the album as "loaded with golden loveliness at every twist and turn", in comparison to the group's "essentially unconvincing work on "New Adventures in Hi-Fi" and "Up"." Similarly, Rob Sheffield of "Rolling Stone" called "Reveal" "a spiritual renewal rooted in a musical one" and praised its "ceaselessly astonishing beauty."
In 2003, Warner Bros. released the compilation album and DVD ' and ', which featured two new songs, "Bad Day" and "Animal". At a 2003 concert in Raleigh, North Carolina, Berry made a surprise appearance, performing backing vocals on "Radio Free Europe". He then sat behind the drum kit for a performance of the early R.E.M. song "Permanent Vacation", marking his first performance with the band since his retirement.
R.E.M. released "Around the Sun" in 2004. During production of the album in 2002, Stipe said, "album sounds like it's taking off from the last couple of records into unchartered R.E.M. territory. Kind of primitive and howling". After the album's release, Mills said, "I think, honestly, it turned out a little slower than we intended for it to, just in terms of the overall speed of songs." "Around the Sun" received a mixed critical reception, and peaked at number 13 on the "Billboard" charts. The first single from the album, "Leaving New York", was a Top 5 hit in the UK. For the record and subsequent tour, the band hired a new full-time touring drummer, Bill Rieflin, who had previously been a member of several industrial music acts such as Ministry and Pigface. The video album "Perfect Square" was released that same year.
"Accelerate", "Collapse into Now", and breakup: 2006–2011.
EMI released a compilation album covering R.E.M.'s work during its tenure on I.R.S. in 2006 called "And I Feel Fine... The Best of the I.R.S. Years 1982–1987" along with the video album '—the label had previously released the compilations "The Best of R.E.M." (1992), ' (1994), and ' (1997). That same month, all four original band members performed during the ceremony for their induction into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame. While rehearsing for the ceremony, the band recorded a cover of John Lennon's "#9 Dream" for ', a tribute album benefiting Amnesty International. The song—released as a single for the album and the campaign—featured Bill Berry's first studio recording with the band since his departure almost a decade earlier.
In October 2006, R.E.M. was nominated for induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in its first year of eligibility. The band was one of five nominees accepted into the Hall that year, and the induction ceremony took place in March 2007 at New York's Waldorf-Astoria Hotel. The group—which was inducted by Pearl Jam lead singer Eddie Vedder—performed four songs with Bill Berry.
Work on the group's fourteenth album commenced in early 2007. The band recorded with producer Jacknife Lee in Vancouver and Dublin, where it played five nights in the Olympia Theatre between June 30 and July 5 as part of a "working rehearsal". "R.E.M. Live", the band's first live album (featuring songs from a 2005 Dublin show), was released in October 2007. The group followed this with the 2009 live album "Live at The Olympia", which features performances from its 2007 residency. R.E.M. released "Accelerate" in early 2008. The album debuted at number two on the "Billboard" charts, and became the band's eighth album to top the British album charts. "Rolling Stone" reviewer David Fricke considered "Accelerate" an improvement over the band's previous post-Berry albums, calling it "one of the best records R.E.M. have ever made."
In 2010, R.E.M. released the video album "R.E.M. Live from Austin, TX"—a concert recorded for "Austin City Limits" in 2008. The group recorded its fifteenth album, "Collapse into Now" (2011), with Jacknife Lee in locales including Berlin, Nashville, and New Orleans. For the album, the band aimed for a more expansive sound than the intentionally short and speedy approach implemented on "Accelerate". The album debuted at number five on the "Billboard" 200, becoming the group's tenth album to reach the top ten of the chart. This release fulfilled R.E.M.'s contractual obligations to Warner Bros., and the band began recording material without a contract a few months later with the possible intention of self-releasing the work.
On September 21, 2011, R.E.M. announced via its website that it was "calling it a day as a band". Stipe said that he hoped fans realized it "wasn't an easy decision": "All things must end, and we wanted to do it right, to do it our way." Long-time associate and former Warner Bros. Senior Vice President of Emerging Technology Ethan Kaplan has speculated that shake-ups at the record label influenced the group's decision to disband. The group discussed breaking up for several years, but was encouraged to continue after the lackluster critical and commercial performance of "Around the Sun"; according to Mills, "We needed to prove, not only to our fans and critics but to ourselves, that we could still make great records." The band members finished their collaboration by assembling the compilation album "Part Lies, Part Heart, Part Truth, Part Garbage 1982–2011", which was released in November 2011. The album is the first to collect songs from R.E.M.'s I.R.S. and Warner Bros. tenures, as well as three songs from the group's final studio recordings from post-"Collapse into Now" sessions. In November, Mills and Stipe did a brief span of promotional appearances in British media, ruling out the option of the group ever reuniting.
Musical style.
In a 1988 interview, Peter Buck described typical R.E.M. songs as, "Minor key, mid-tempo, enigmatic, semi-folk-rock-balladish things. That's what everyone thinks and to a certain degree, that's true." All songwriting is credited to the entire band, even though individual members are sometimes responsible for writing the majority of a particular song. Each member is given an equal vote in the songwriting process; however, Buck has conceded that Stipe, as the band's lyricist, can rarely be persuaded to follow an idea he does not favor. Among the original line-up, there were divisions of labor in the songwriting process: Stipe would write lyrics and devise melodies, Buck would edge the band in new musical directions, and Mills and Berry would fine-tune the compositions due to their greater musical experience.
Michael Stipe sings in what R.E.M. biographer David Buckley described as "wailing, keening, arching vocal figures". Stipe often harmonizes with Mills in songs; in the chorus for "Stand", Mills and Stipe alternate singing lyrics, creating a dialogue. Early articles about the band focused on Stipe's singing style (described as "mumbling" by "The Washington Post"), which often rendered his lyrics indecipherable. "Creem" writer John Morthland wrote in his review of "Murmur", "I still have no idea what these songs are about, because neither me nor anyone else I know has ever been able to discern R.E.M.'s lyrics." Stipe commented in 1984, "It's just the way I sing. If I tried to control it, it would be pretty false." Producer Joe Boyd convinced Stipe to begin singing more clearly during the recording of "Fables of the Reconstruction".
Stipe insisted that many of his early lyrics were "nonsense", saying in a 1994 online chat, "You all know there aren't words, "per se", to a lot of the early stuff. I can't even remember them." In truth, Stipe carefully crafted the lyrics to many early R.E.M. songs. Stipe explained in 1984 that when he started writing lyrics they were like "simple pictures", but after a year he grew tired of the approach and "started experimenting with lyrics that didn't make exact linear sense, and it's just gone from there." In the mid-1980s, as Stipe's pronunciation while singing became clearer, the band decided that its lyrics should convey ideas on a more literal level. Mills explained, "After you've made three records and you've written several songs and they've gotten better and better lyrically the next step would be to have somebody question you and say, are you saying anything? And Michael had the confidence at that point to say yes . . ." Songs like "Cuyahoga" and "Fall on Me" on "Lifes Rich Pageant" dealt with such concerns as pollution. Stipe incorporated more politically oriented concerns into his lyrics on "Document" and "Green". "Our political activism and the content of the songs was just a reaction to where we were, and what we were surrounded by, which was just abject horror," Stipe said later. "In 1987 and '88 there was nothing to do but be active." Stipe has since explored other lyrical topics. "Automatic for the People" dealt with "mortality and dying. Pretty turgid stuff", according to Stipe, while "Monster" critiqued love and mass culture.
Peter Buck's style of playing guitar has been singled out by many as the most distinctive aspect of R.E.M.'s music. During the 1980s, Buck's "economical, arpeggiated, poetic" style reminded British music journalists of 1960s American folk rock band The Byrds. Buck has stated "guitarist Roger McGuinn was a big influence on me as a guitar player", but said it was Byrds-influenced bands, including Big Star and The Soft Boys, that inspired him more. Comparisons were also made with the guitar playing of Johnny Marr of alternative rock contemporaries The Smiths. While Buck professed being a fan of the group, he admitted he initially criticized the band simply because he was tired of fans asking him if he was influenced by Marr, whose band had in fact made their debut after R.E.M. Buck generally eschews guitar solos; he explained in 2002, "I know that when guitarists rip into this hot solo, people go nuts, but I don't write songs that suit that, and I am not interested in that. I can do it if I have to, but I don't like it." Mike Mills' melodic approach to bass playing is inspired by Paul McCartney of The Beatles and Chris Squire of Yes; Mills has said, "I always played a melodic bass, like a piano bass in some ways . . . I never wanted to play the traditional locked into the kick drum, root note bass work." Mills has more musical training than his band mates, which he has said "made it easier to turn abstract musical ideas into reality."
Legacy.
R.E.M. was pivotal in the creation and development of the alternative rock genre. Allmusic stated, "R.E.M. mark the point when post-punk turned into alternative rock." In the early 1980s, the musical style of R.E.M. stood in contrast to the post-punk and New Wave genres that had preceded it. Music journalist Simon Reynolds noted that the post-punk movement of the late 1970s and early 1980s "had taken whole swaths of music off the menu", particularly that of the 1960s, and that "After postpunk's demystification and New Pop's schematics, it felt liberating to listen to music rooted in mystical awe and blissed-out surrender." Reynolds declared R.E.M., a band that recalled the music of the 1960s with its "plangent guitar chimes and folk-styled vocals" and who "wistfully and abstractly conjured visions and new frontiers for America", one of "the two most important alt-rock bands of the day." With the release of "Murmur", R.E.M. had the most impact musically and commercially of the developing alternative genre's early groups, leaving in its wake a number of jangle pop followers.
R.E.M.'s early breakthrough success served as an inspiration for other alternative bands. "Spin" referred to the "R.E.M. model"—career decisions that R.E.M. made which set guidelines for other underground artists to follow in their own careers. "Spin's" Charles Aaron wrote that by 1985, "They'd shown how far an underground, punk-inspired rock band could go within the industry without whoring out its artistic integrity in any obvious way. They'd figured out how to buy in, not sellout-in other words, they'd achieved the American Bohemian Dream." Steve Wynn of Dream Syndicate said, "They invented a whole new ballgame for all of the other bands to follow whether it was Sonic Youth or the Replacements or Nirvana or Butthole Surfers. R.E.M. staked the claim. Musically, the bands did different things, but R.E.M. was first to show us you can be big and still be cool." Biographer David Buckley stated that between 1991 and 1994, a period that saw the band sell an estimated 30 million albums, R.E.M. "asserted themselves as rivals to U2 for the title of biggest rock band in the world." Over the course of its career, the band has sold over 70 million records.
Later alternative bands such as Nirvana, Pavement, and Live, have drawn inspiration from R.E.M.'s music. "When I was 15 years old in Richmond, Virginia, they were a "very" important part of my life," Pavement's Bob Nastanovich said, "as they were for all the members of our band." Pavement devoted the song "Unseen Power of the Picket Fence" from the "No Alternative" compilation (1993) to discussing "Chronic Town" and "Reckoning". Kurt Cobain of Nirvana was a vocal fan of R.E.M., and had plans to collaborate on a musical project with Stipe before his death in April 1994. Cobain told "Rolling Stone" in an interview earlier that year, "I don’t know how that band does what they do. God, they’re the greatest. They’ve dealt with their success like saints, and they keep delivering great music."
Campaigning and activism.
Throughout R.E.M.'s career, its members sought to highlight social and political issues. According to the "Los Angeles Times", R.E.M. was considered to be one of the United States' "most liberal and politically correct rock groups." The band's members were "on the same page" politically, sharing a liberal and progressive outlook. Mills admitted that there was occasionally dissension between band members on what causes they might support, but acknowledged "Out of respect for the people who disagree, those discussions tend to stay in-house, just because we'd rather not let people know where the divisions lie, so people can't exploit them for their own purposes." An example is that in 1990 Buck noted that Stipe was involved with People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, but the rest of the band were not.
R.E.M. helped raise funds for environmental, feminist and human rights causes, and were involved in campaigns to encourage voter registration. During the "Green" tour, Stipe took time during sets to inform the audience about a variety of pressing socio-political issues. Through the late 1980s and 1990s, the band (particularly Stipe) increasingly used its media coverage on national television to mention a variety of causes it felt were important. One example is when the band attended the 1991 MTV Video Music Awards, during which Stipe wore a half-dozen white shirts emblazoned with slogans including "rainforest", "love knows no colors", and "handgun control now".
R.E.M. helped raise awareness of Aung San Suu Kyi and human rights violations in Burma, when they worked with the Freedom Campaign and the US Campaign for Burma. Stipe himself ran ads for the 1988 supporting Democratic presidential candidate and Massachusetts governor Michael Dukakis over then-Vice President George H. W. Bush. In 2004, the band participated in the Vote for Change tour that sought to mobilize American voters to support Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry. R.E.M.'s political stance, particularly coming from a wealthy rock band under contract to a label owned by a multinational corporation, received criticism from former "Q" editor Paul Du Noyer, who criticized the band's "celebrity liberalism", saying, "It's an entirely pain-free form of rebellion that they're adopting. There's no risk involved in it whatsoever, but quite a bit of shoring up of customer loyalty."
From the late 1980s, R.E.M. was involved in the local politics of its hometown of Athens, Georgia. Buck explained to "Sounds" in 1987, "Michael always says think local and act local—we have been doing a lot of stuff in our town to try and make it a better place." The band often donated funds to local charities and to help renovate and preserve historic buildings in the town. R.E.M.'s political clout was credited with the narrow election of Athens mayor Gwen O'Looney twice in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18994365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994365" title="Trombi.com">
Trombi.com

Trombi.com is a social networking website created in 2000 by André Pitié who founded Trombi SARL. This website helps members find, connect and keep in touch with friends from kindergarten, primary school, high school, college in France. Trombi.com has more than members in France: 21% of French internet users are registered on Trombi.com, making it the 4th biggest social network in France according to IFOP. Comscore ranks Trombi.com as number five in unique monthly visitors (France home, work) among French social networking sites.
Nielsen Online ranks Trombi.com in the top 80 most visited websites with 4.5 million unique monthly visitors (France home, work).
In July 2006, Classmates.com acquired Trombi.com.
Website.
Registration.
Users must register in order to access the services offered by Trombi.com. The registration process enables the user to search for schools attended by region, city or type of school. Once a school is found, a user may specify the period of attendance, then provide personal data allowing entry into the directory of that school's alumni. User e-mail addresses are used as usernames and to receive messages sent by Trombi.com; the e-mail addresses are obfuscated by the site and are not shared with any third party.
Features.
Any member may freely publish up to 11 pictures in a profile.
Any member may freely publish class photos related to the schools he attended, and can then tag the faces in the photos with the names of classmates he recognizes. Members may also view the class photos published by other members.
Any member may search for other members without necessarily knowing the names of their schools, by searching the site's database via first and last names instead.
Any member may add a list of schools attended to a profile, and may specify class years from kindergarten to the highest university degree. For each school, a member may view a list of class alumni.
Any member can create a friend list. Each profile contains an 'I know this person' link. Clicking the link adds the profiled person to the member's friend list. The list, which is displayed as part of the member's profile, allows the member to keep in touch with friends and relatives. The member will also be able to receive alerts in case contacts update their profiles.
Any member can enable e-mail alerts containing information on profile updates made by friends and relatives.
An internal mail system allows members to send and receive messages without revealing their e-mail addresses.
Moderation system.
Each picture and each registration is validated by Trombi.com helpdesk employees. Members may not register with false identities.

</doc>
<doc id="18994366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994366" title="2nd Louisiana Regiment New Orleans Infantry">
2nd Louisiana Regiment New Orleans Infantry

The 2nd Louisiana Regiment New Orleans Infantry was a regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
The Regiment was organized in New Orleans, Louisiana on March 6, 1864 and was on garrison and guard duty in the New Orleans defenses. The unit mustered out in May 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="18994375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994375" title="CCRC">
CCRC

The abbreviation CCRC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18994383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994383" title="Bogucice (disambiguation)">
Bogucice (disambiguation)

Bogucice is a district of Katowice, Poland.
Bogucice may also refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18994388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994388" title="Kesik Minare">
Kesik Minare

The Kesik Minare (Broken Minaret) standing in the streets of Kaleiçi (Old Antalya) in Turkey was originally built as a Roman temple in the 2nd century AD. In the 7th century, it was converted into a Byzantine church in honor of the Virgin Mary, but it was heavily damaged in the 8th century during the Arab invasions. In the 10th century it was repaired again. The church was converted into a mosque when the Sultanate of Rum acquired Antalya. It was then when the actual minaret was added. In 1361 - when the crusader king of Cyprus took Antalya from the Seljuks - it became a church again, only to become reconverted into a mosque during the rule of Sehzade Korkut. The temple turned church turned mosque was destroyed in a fire of 1846, but the minaret survived, as the Kesik Minare.

</doc>
<doc id="18994400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994400" title="Cool (aesthetic)">
Cool (aesthetic)

Coolness is an admired aesthetic of attitude, behavior, comportment, appearance and style, influenced by and a product of the Zeitgeist. Because of the varied and changing connotations of cool, as well its subjective nature, the word has no single meaning. It has associations of composure and self-control (cf. the OED definition) and often is used as an expression of admiration or approval. Although commonly regarded as slang, it is widely used among disparate social groups, and has endured in usage for generations.
Overview.
Nick Southgate writes that, although some notions of cool can be traced back to Aristotle, whose notion of cool is to be found in his ethical writings, most particularly the "Nicomachean Ethics", it is not confined to one particular ethnic group or gender.
Although there is no single concept of cool, its definitions fall into a few broad categories.
Cool as a behavioral characteristic.
The sum and substance of cool is a self-conscious aplomb in overall behavior, which entails a set of specific behavioral characteristics that is firmly anchored in symbology, a set of discernible bodily movements, postures, facial expressions and voice modulations that are acquired and take on strategic social value within the peer context.
Cool was once an attitude fostered by rebels and underdogs, such as slaves, prisoners, bikers and political dissidents, etc., for whom open rebellion invited punishment, so it hid defiance behind a wall of ironic detachment, distancing itself from the source of authority rather than directly confronting it.
Cool as a state of being.
Cool has been used to describe a general state of well-being, a transcendent, internal peace and serenity. It can also refer to an absence of conflict, a state of harmony and balance as in, "The land is cool," or as in a "cool heart." Such meanings, according to Thompson, are African in origin. Cool is related in this sense to both social control and transcendental balance.
Cool can similarly be used to describe composure and absence of excitement in a person—especially in times of stress—as expressed in the idiom "to keep your cool".
In a related way, the word can be used to express agreement or assent, as in the phrase ""I'm cool with that"."
Cool as aesthetic appeal.
Cool is also an attitude widely adopted by artists and intellectuals, who thereby aided its infiltration into popular culture. Sought by product marketing firms, idealized by teenagers, a shield against racial oppression or political persecution and source of constant cultural innovation, cool has become a global phenomenon that has spread to every corner of the earth. According to Dick Pountain and David Robins, concepts of cool have existed for centuries in several cultures.
Cool as an epithet.
While slang terms are usually short-lived coinages and figures of speech, "cool" is an especially ubiquitous slang word, most notably among young people. As well as being understood throughout the English-speaking world, the word has even entered the vocabulary of several languages other than English.
In this sense, cool is used as a general positive epithet or interjection, which can have a range of related adjectival meanings.
Regions.
Africa and the African diaspora.
Author Robert Farris Thompson, professor of art history at Yale University, suggests that Itutu, which he translates as 'mystic coolness,' is one of three pillars of a religious philosophy created in the 15th century by Yoruba and Igbo civilizations of West Africa. Cool, or Itutu, contained meanings of conciliation and gentleness of character, of generosity and grace, and the ability to defuse fights and disputes. It also was associated with physical beauty. In Yoruba culture, Itutu is connected to water, because to the Yoruba the concept of coolness retained its physical connotation of temperature. He cites a definition of cool from the Gola people of Liberia, who define it as the ability to be mentally calm or detached, in an other-worldly fashion, from one's circumstances, to be nonchalant in situations where emotionalism or eagerness would be natural and expected. Joseph M. Murphy writes that "cool" is also closely associated with the deity Òsun of the Yoruba religion.
Although Thompson acknowledges similarities between African and European "cool" in shared notions of self-control and imperturbability, he finds the cultural value of cool in Africa which influenced the African diaspora to be different from that held by Europeans, who use the term primarily as the ability to remain calm under stress. According to Thompson, there is significant weight, meaning and spirituality attached to cool in traditional African cultures, something which, Thompson argues, is absent from the idea in a Western context.
"Control, stability, and composure under the African rubric of the cool seem to constitute elements of an all-embracing aesthetic attitude." African cool, writes Thompson, is "more complicated and more variously expressed than Western notions of "sang-froid" (literally, "cold blood"), cooling off, or even icy determination." (Thompson, "African Arts")
The telling point is that the "mask" of coolness is worn not only in time of stress, but also of pleasure, in fields of expressive performance and the dance. Struck by the re-occurrence of this vital notion elsewhere in tropical Africa and in the Black Americas, I have come to term the attitude "an aesthetic of the cool" in the sense of a deeply and completely motivated, consciously artistic, interweaving of elements serious and pleasurable, of responsibility and play.
African Americans.
Ronald Perry writes that many words and expressions have passed from African-American Vernacular English into Standard English slang including the contemporary meaning of the word "cool." The definition, as something fashionable, is said to have been popularized in jazz circles by tenor saxophonist Lester Young. This predominantly black jazz scene in the U.S. and among expatriate musicians in Paris helped popularize notions of cool in the U.S. in the 1940s, giving birth to "Bohemian", or beatnik, culture. Shortly thereafter, a style of jazz called cool jazz appeared on the music scene, emphasizing a restrained, laid-back solo style. Notions of cool as an expression of centeredness in a Taoist sense, equilibrium and self-possession, of an absence of conflict are commonly understood in both African and African-American contexts well. Expressions such as, "Don't let it blow your cool," later, "chill out", and the use of "chill" as a characterization of inner contentment or restful repose all have their origins in African-American Vernacular English.
Marlene Kim Connor connects cool and the post-war African-American experience in her book "What is Cool?: Understanding Black Manhood in America". Connor writes that cool is the silent and knowing rejection of racist oppression, a self-dignified expression of masculinity developed by black men denied mainstream expressions of manhood. She writes that mainstream perception of cool is narrow and distorted, with cool often perceived merely as style or arrogance, rather than a way to achieve respect.
Designer Christian Lacroix has said that "...the history of cool in America is the history of African-American culture".
Cool pose.
'Cool', though an amorphous quality—more mystique than material—is a pervasive element in urban black male culture. Majors and Billson address what they term "cool pose" in their study and argue that it helps Black men counter stress caused by social oppression, rejection and racism. They also contend that it furnishes the black male with a sense of control, strength, confidence and stability and helps him deal with the closed doors and negative messages of the "generalized other." They also believe that attaining black manhood is filled with pitfalls of discrimination, negative self-image, guilt, shame and fear.
"Cool pose" may be a factor in discrimination in education contributing to the achievement gaps in test scores. In a 2004 study, researchers found that teachers perceived students with African-American culture-related movement styles, referred to as the "cool pose," as lower in achievement, higher in aggression, and more likely to need special education services than students with standard movement styles, irrespective of race or other academic indicators. The issue of stereotyping and discrimination with respect to "cool pose" raises complex questions of assimilation and accommodation of different cultural values. Jason W. Osborne identifies "cool pose" as one of the factors in black underachievement. Robin D. G. Kelley criticizes calls for assimilation and sublimation of black culture, including "cool pose." He argues that media and academics have unfairly demonized these aspects of black culture while, at the same time, through their sustained fascination with blacks as exotic others, appropriated aspects of "cool pose" into the broader popular culture.
George Elliott Clarke writes that Malcolm X, like Miles Davis, embodies essential elements of cool. As an icon, Malcolm X inspires a complex mixture of both fear and fascination in broader American culture, much like "cool pose" itself.
East Asia.
In Japan, synonyms of "cool" could be iki and sui. These are traditional commoners' aesthetic ideals that developed in Edo. Some tend to immediately connect the aesthetics of Japan to samurai, but this is historically inaccurate. In fact, samurais from the countryside have often been the target of ridicule by the commoner in the civilized Edo in many art forms including rakugo, a form of comical storytelling.
Some argue that the ethic of the Samurai caste in Japan, warrior castes in India and East Asia all resemble cool. The samurai-themed works of film director Akira Kurosawa are among the most praised of the genre, influencing many filmmakers across the world with his techniques and storytelling. Notable works of his include "The Seven Samurai", "Yojimbo", and "The Hidden Fortress". The latter was one of the primary inspirations for George Lucas's "Star Wars", which also borrows a number of aspects from the samurai, for example the Jedi Knights of the series. Samurai have been presented as cool in many modern Japanese movies such as "Samurai Fiction", "Kagemusha", and "Yojimbo", which was appropriated in American movies such as "Ghost Dog" and "The Last Samurai"
In The Art of War, a Chinese military treatise written during the 6th century BC, general Sun Tzu, a member of the landless Chinese aristocracy, wrote in Chapter XII:
Profiting by their panic, we shall exterminate them completely; this will cool the King's courage and cover us with glory, besides ensuring the success of our mission.
Asian countries have developed a tradition on their own to explore types of modern 'cool' or 'ambiguous' aesthetics.
In a "Time Asia" article "The Birth of Cool" author Hannah Beech describes Asian cool as "a revolution in taste led by style gurus who are redefining Chinese craftsmanship in everything from architecture and film to clothing and cuisine" and as a modern aesthetic inspired both by a Ming-era minimalism and a strenuous attention to detail.
Paul Waley, professor of Human Geography at the University of Leeds, considers Tokyo along with New York, London and Paris to be one of the world's "capitals of cool" and the "Washington Post" called Tokyo "Japan's Empire of Cool" and Japan "the coolest nation on Earth".
Analysts are marveling at the breadth of a recent explosion in cultural exports, and many argue that the international embrace of Japan's pop culture, film, food, style and arts is second only to that of the United States. Business leaders and government officials are now referring to Japan's "gross national cool" as a new engine for economic growth and societal buoyancy.
The term "gross national cool" was coined by Journalist Douglas McGray. In a June/July 2002 article in "Foreign Policy" magazine, he argued that as Japan's economic juggernaut took a wrong turn into a ten-year slump, and with military power made impossible by a pacifist constitution, the nation had quietly emerged as a cultural powerhouse: "From pop music to consumer electronics, architecture to fashion, and food to art, Japan has far greater cultural influence now than it did in the 1980s, when it was an economic superpower." The notion of Asian 'cool' applied to Asian consumer electronics is borrowed from the cultural media theorist Eric McLuhan who described 'cool' or 'cold' media as stimulating participants to complete auditive or visual media content, in sharp contrast to 'hot' media that degrades the viewer to a merely passive or non-interactive receiver.
Europe.
Aristocratic and artistic cool.
"Aristocratic cool", known as sprezzatura, has existed in Europe for centuries, particularly when relating to frank amorality and love or illicit pleasures behind closed doors; Raphael's "Portrait of Baldassare Castiglione" and Leonardo da Vinci's "Mona Lisa" are classic examples of "sprezzatura". The "sprezzatura" of the Mona Lisa is seen in both her smile and the positioning of her hands. Both the smile and hands are intended to convey her grandeur, self-confidence and societal position. Sprezzatura means, literally, disdain and detachment. It is the art of refraining from the appearance of trying to present oneself in a particular way. In reality, of course, tremendous exertion went into pretending not to bother or care.
English poet and playwright William Shakespeare used cool in several of his works to describe composure and absence of emotion. In "A Midsummer Night's Dream", written sometime in the late-16th century, he contrasts the shaping fantasies of lovers and madmen with "cool reason," in "Hamlet" he wrote "O gentle son, upon the heat and flame of thy distemper, sprinkle cool patience," and the antagonist Iago in "Othello" is musing about "reason to cool our raging motions, our carnal stings, our unbitted lusts."
The cool "Anatolian smile" of Turkey is used to mask emotions. A similar "mask" of coolness is worn in both times of stress and pleasure in American and African communities.
European inter-war cool.
The key themes of modern European cool were forged by avant-garde artists who achieved prominence in the aftermath of the First World War, most notably Dadaists, such as key Dada figures Arthur Cravan and Marcel Duchamp, and the left-wing milieu of the Weimar Republic. The program of such groups was often self-consciously revolutionary, a determination to scandalize the bourgeoisie by mocking their culture, sexuality and political moderation.
Berthold Brecht, both a committed Communist and a philandering cynic, stands as the archetype of this inter-war cool. Brecht projected his cool attitude to life onto his most famous character Macheath or "Mackie Messer" (Mack the knife), in The Threepenny Opera. Mackie, the nonchalant, smooth-talking gangster, expert with the switchblade, personifies the bitter-sweet strain of cool; Puritanism and sentimentality are both anathema to the cool character.
During the turbulent inter-war years, cool was a privilege reserved for bohemian milieus like Brecht's. Cool irony and hedonism remained the province of cabaret artistes, ostentatious gangsters and rich socialites, those decadents depicted in Evelyn Waugh's Brideshead Revisited and Christopher Isherwood's Goodbye to Berlin, tracing the outlines of a new cool. Peter Stearns, professor of history at George Mason University, suggests that in effect the seeds of a cool outlook had been sown among this inter-war generation.
Postwar cool.
The Second World War brought the populations of Britain, Germany and France into intimate contact with Americans and American culture. The war brought hundreds of thousands of GIs whose relaxed, easy-going manner was seen by young people of the time as the very embodiment of liberation; and with them came Lucky Strikes, nylons, swing and jazz—the American Cool.
To be cool or hip meant hanging out, pursuing sexual liaisons, displaying the appropriate attitude of narcissistic self-absorption, and expressing a desire to escape the mental straitjacket of all ideological causes. From the late 1940s onward, this popular culture influenced young people all over the world, to the great dismay of the paternalistic elites who still ruled the official culture. The French intelligentsia were outraged, while the British educated classes displayed a haughty indifference that smacked of an older aristocratic cool.
The Polish cool.
The new attitude found a special resonance behind the Iron Curtain, where it offered relief from the earnestness of socialist propaganda and socialist realism in art. In the Polish industrial city Łódź, jazz, "the forbidden music", served Polish youth of the 1950s much as it had served its African-American creators, both as personal diversion and subterranean resistance to what they saw as a stultifying official culture. Some clubs featured live jazz performances, and their smoky, sexually charged atmosphere carried a message for which the puritanical values and monumental art of Marxist officialdom were an ideal foil.
Arriving in Poland via France, America and England, Polish cool stimulated the film talents of a generation of artists, including Andrzej Wajda, Roman Polanski, and other graduates of the National Film School in Łódź, as well as the novelist Jerzy Kosinski, in whose clinical prose cool tends towards the sadistic.
Czech cool.
In Prague, the capital of Bohemia, cool flourished in the faded Art Deco splendor of the Cafe Slavia. Significantly, following the crushing of the Prague Spring by Soviet tanks in 1968, part of the dissident underground called itself the "Jazz Section".
Theories of cool.
Cool as social distinction.
According to this theory, "cool" is a zero sum game, in which "cool" exists only in comparison with things considered less "cool"; for example, in the book "The Rebel Sell", "cool" is created out of a need for status and distinction. This creates a situation analogous to an arms race, in which "cool" is perpetuated by a collective action problem in society.
Cool as an elusive essence.
According to this theory, cool is a real, but unknowable property. "Cool", like "Good", is a property that exists, but can only be sought after. In the "New Yorker" article, "The Coolhunt", cool is given three characteristics:
Cool as a marketing device.
According to this theory, "cool" can be exploited as a manufactured and empty idea imposed on the culture at large through a top-down process by the "Merchants of Cool". An artificial cycle of "cooling" and "uncooling" creates false needs in consumers, and stimulates the economy. "Cool has become the central ideology of consumer capitalism". Supporters of this theory avoid the pursuit of cool.
The concept of cool was used in this way to market menthol cigarettes to African Americans in the 1960s. In 2004 over 70% of African American smokers preferred menthol cigarettes, compared with 30% of white smokers. This unique social phenomenon was principally occasioned by the tobacco industry's manipulation of the burgeoning black, urban, segregated, consumer market in cities at that time. According to Fast Company some large companies have started 'outsourcing cool.' They are paying other "smaller, more-limber, closer-to-the-ground outsider" companies to help them keep up with customers' rapidly changing tastes and demands.

</doc>
<doc id="18994414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994414" title="Pluto (disambiguation)">
Pluto (disambiguation)

Pluto is a dwarf planet in the solar system.
Pluto may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18994430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994430" title="2nd Louisiana Regiment Native Guard Infantry">
2nd Louisiana Regiment Native Guard Infantry

The 2nd Louisiana Regiment Native Guard Infantry was a regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Native Guard.
The Regiment was organized in New Orleans, Louisiana in October 1862, and assigned to the defenses of New Orleans to December 1862. It operated in Louisiana until January 1863, when the it was sent to Ship Island, Mississippi. As with its related regiment, the 1st Louisiana Native Guard, the field grade officers (colonels, lieutenant colonels and majors) were white, and the original line officers were black. 
Among them were P.B.S. Pinchback, an educated free man of color who became active in the Republican Party after the war, serving as lieutenant governor and then governor of Louisiana in 1872. He was elected to the US House of Representatives in 1874 and the US Senate in 1876. 
He resigned his commission in 1863 because of discrimination. Remaining black officers were all purged by Major General Nathaniel P. Banks in early 1863.
"Corps d'Afrique".
The designation of the Regiment was changed to "2nd Regiment, Corps d' Afrique" on June 6, 1863. It was on garrison duty at Ship Island from June 1863 to April 1864.
74th United States Colored Troops.
The Regiment designation was changed to 74th United States Colored Troops on April 4, 1864 and it was attached to defenses of New Orleans until October 1864. The regiment participated in an expedition from Fort Pike to Pearl River from September 9–12, 1864. Detachments served on an expedition from Fort Pike to Bayou Bonforica January 31-February 1, 1865 and from Fort Pike to Bayou St. Louis March 28–30, 1865.
The Regiment remained on garrison at Ship Island and mustered out on October 11, 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="18994454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994454" title="Forbes Ross MacDonald">
Forbes Ross MacDonald

Major Forbes Ross MacDonald (died 1799), a gentleman in the service of the Nabob of Arcot, was appointed by Governor-general Sir John Shore as superintendent of Prince of Wales Isle to succeed Philip Manington who had resigned due to ill health.
MacDonald served from 14 May 1795 to 1799. MacDonald's tour of duty was not a happy one as he was in conflict with the merchants and his own civil servants. This led to his resignation and return to Madras. He died in Madras in May 1799. 
Although Macdonald did not get along with many people, he nevertheless made his mark with the many transformational improvements he made during his term in office including the construction of the Customs House, Hospital, and Prison. He widened streets and built a new road from town, at the coast, right into the interior of the isle. He ensured that streets and roads in town were clearly marked and had them extended to sixty-five feet wide. He organised the road system so that street intersections were at right angles. 
Macdonald was trusted and held in high regard by his superiors and had been given supervision of the military force that seized Malacca in 1795.
Upon his departure, George Caunter once again took charge as Acting Superintendent as he had done before in 1779 when MacDonald went on leave, and continued until the arrival of Sir George Alexander William Leith in 1800.

</doc>
<doc id="18994464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994464" title="Nami Hayakawa">
Nami Hayakawa

2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Hayakawa finished her ranking round with a total of 649 points. This gave her the 9th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Elena Mousikou in the first round, beating the archer from Cyprus with 112-103. In the second round she was too strong for Jennifer Nichols with 105-103 and via Naomi Folkard with 106-97 she reached the quarter finals. There she was eliminated with 112-103 by Park Sung-Hyun who would eventually win the silver medal. Together with Sayoko Kitabatake and Yuki Hayashi she also took part in the team event. With her 649 score from the ranking round combined with the 616's of Kitabatake and Hayashi the Japanese team was in seventh position after the ranking round. In the first round they eliminated the Colombian team with 206-199. However second seed Great Britain was too strong in the quarter final, beating Japan with 201-196.

</doc>
<doc id="18994479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994479" title="Piła (disambiguation)">
Piła (disambiguation)

Piła is a town in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west Poland.
Piła may also refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18994487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994487" title="1933 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1933 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1933 was the 47th series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Kilkenny won the championship, beating Limerick 1-7 to 0-6 in the final.
Format.
Leinster Championship
"Quarter-finals:" (2 matches) These were two single matches between the first four teams drawn from the province of Leinster. Two teams were eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advanced to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winners of the two quarter-finals joined the two remaining Leinster teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams were eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advanced to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contested this game. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the All-Ireland semi-final.
Munster Championship
"Quarter-finals:" (2 matches) These were two single matches between the first four teams drawn from the province of Leinster. Two teams were eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advanced to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winners of the two quarter-finals joined the two remaining Munster teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams were eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advanced to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contested this game. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the All-Ireland final.
All-Ireland Championship
"Semi-final:" (1 match) The winners of the Leinster championship were drawn to play Galway, who received a bye to this stage of the championship. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the lone semi-final and the Munster champions contested this game with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="18994500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994500" title="Frank Thompson (SOE officer)">
Frank Thompson (SOE officer)

Major William Frank Thompson (17 Aug 1920–10 June 1944) was a British officer who acted as a liaison officer between the British Army and the Bulgarian communist and antifascist partisans during World War II.
Thompson was born in Darjeeling, Bengal Presidency, British India to a British missionary family. He was educated at Winchester College and New College, Oxford. His younger brother, E. P. Thompson, became the English historian, socialist and peace campaigner.
In 1939, while studying at the University of Oxford, he became a member of the Communist Party of Great Britain under the influence of his close friend Iris Murdoch. Despite his affiliation, he did not support the party's policy of neutrality dictated by the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact and joined the British Army as a volunteer, serving in England, North Africa, Syria, Iraq, Sicily, Serbia and Bulgaria. He was part of the Special Operations Executive.
On 25 January 1944, along with three other commandos, Major Thompson was sent on a parachute landing mission to establish a link between the British staff and the Bulgarian partisans led by Slavcho Transki; he landed near Dobro Pole, Macedonia. The commandos carried a radio to keep in connection with the staff in Cairo, Egypt and Bari, Italy, but it broke down. On 23 May, Thompson took part in the clash at the village of Batuliya between the Bulgarian Gendarmerie and the Second Sofia Brigade of National Liberation of the partisans. He was wounded by the gendarmerie forces, captured and executed by firing squad in the nearby village of Litakovo.
After the war and the establishment of a Communist government in Bulgaria, the nearby villages of Livage, Lipata, Tsarevi Stragi, Malak Babul, Babul and Zavoya were merged and renamed to Thompson in the British officer's honour.
E. P. Thompson wrote two books about his brother, the first with his mother, "There is a Spirit in Europe: A Memoir of Frank Thompson". The second, "Beyond the Frontier: the Politics of a Failed Mission, Bulgaria 1944", appeared in 1996.
References.
4. Stowers Johnson "Agents extraordinary" http://www.amazon.co.uk/Extraordinary-Stowers-Johnson-Illustrated-Photographs/dp/B001R84AWI

</doc>
<doc id="18994503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994503" title="Neiden">
Neiden

Neiden may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18994509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994509" title="Peter-Jürgen Boock">
Peter-Jürgen Boock

Peter-Jürgen Boock (born 3 September 1951 in Garding, Nordfriesland) is a former member of the Red Army Faction.
Earlier life.
After completing secondary school, Boock began training as a mechanic but soon quit. Claiming that his father was a staunch Nazi, Boock then left his parents’ home and travelled to the Netherlands. He became involved with illegal drugs, and was arrested for possession. Soon after this he attempted suicide. He spent the next few years in rehabilitation programmes and living in re-education homes, and came in contact with Gudrun Ensslin and Andreas Baader. He wanted to join the Red Army Faction but was deemed too young. He moved to Frankfurt am Main and continued abusing drugs. In 1973, he married Waltraud Liewald (who would also later become an RAF militant).
Terrorism.
At some point between 1975 and 1976, Boock joined the RAF and went underground. He travelled to Southern Yemen, where he received terrorist training (including hostage taking and hijacking). He became an involved member of the second generation Red Army Faction.
Arrest and Imprisonment.
Boock distanced himself from the RAF in 1980. However in 1981 he was arrested in Hamburg. He played down his role within the RAF, though was sentenced to life imprisonment terms for his involvement in the Ponto and Schleyer murders. In 1992 he admitted his full involvement in certain RAF activities, such as the Schleyer murder.
He was freed from prison on 13 March 1998 and now works as a freelance writer near Freiburg.
In 2007, he accused Stefan Wisniewski of the murder of Siegfried Buback.

</doc>
<doc id="18994533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994533" title="Brad Rigby">
Brad Rigby

Bradley Kenneth Rigby (May 14, 1973 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He would play for the Oakland Athletics, Kansas City Royals, and Montreal Expos.

</doc>
<doc id="18994537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994537" title="Montegordo">
Montegordo

Montegordo is a mountain forming part of the eastern end of the Iberian System, Valencian Community, Spain. It is located near Albocàsser and its altitude is . 

</doc>
<doc id="18994541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994541" title="Yuki Hayashi">
Yuki Hayashi

2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Hayashi finished her ranking round with a total of 616 points. This gave her the 48th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Kristina Esebua in the first round. The archer from Georgia and Hayashi both scored 102 points in the regular match. In the decisive extra round Esebua scored 9 points, while Hayashi came to 8 points and was eliminated. Together with Sayoko Kitabatake and Nami Hayakawa she also took part in the team event. With her 616 score from the ranking round combined with the 616 of Kitabatake and the 649 of Hayakawa the Japanese team was in seventh position after the ranking round. In the first round they eliminated the Colombian team with 206-199. However second seed Great Britain was too strong in the quarter final, beating Japan with 201-196.

</doc>
<doc id="18994544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994544" title="Nataša Zorić">
Nataša Zorić

Nataša Zorić (Serbian Cyrillic: Наташа Зорић; born November 27, 1989) is a Serbian tennis player. Zorić has reached one Women's Tennis Association WTA final, in doubles, reaching the final of the 2008 Gastein Ladies with Sesil Karatantcheva, where they lost to Czechs Andrea Hlaváčková and Lucie Hradecká 6-3, 6-3. Her highest singles ranking so far is World Number 388, which she attained on October 6, 2008, and 218 in doubles also on October 6, 2008. Zorić has won four International Tennis Federation ITF singles titles, and twelve ITF doubles titles in her career so far. She lives in Palić and enjoys clay courts.
After solving injury problems, Zorić won ITF singles title at Budapest on June 14, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18994554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994554" title="Convent Van Maerlant">
Convent Van Maerlant

The Convent Van Maerlant is a former convent which consists of a church and a Chapel (Chapelle de la Résurrection) on Rue Van Maerlantstraat in Brussels (Belgium).
In 1905, a compulsory purchase order for land for the Central railway station was made on the Rue des Sols, and this included the Brussels convent of the Sisters of Perpetual Adoration, the chief Eucharistic Order started in 1844 by the daughter of the Chairman and founder of the Société Générale. The original chapel was built in 1435 in the authority of a Papal Bull, and was renovated in the 1780s: the convent itself was converted from a Ducal town house in the early 1850s. As a result, a very similar building was needed, and built, in the early 1900s: the chapel was virtually identical to the original, which survived for another 45 years, only finally being demolished in 1955. Falling vocations meant the convent was closed in the early 1980s and after standing derelict for nearly 20 years, the convent was acquired to become the central library of the European Commission. This is the only pre-Second World War building to be left standing in the area after the entry of European institutions.
Architecture.
The church is a 19th-century red brick neo-gothic construction, though the rebuilt version of the early 1900s lacks the tower, side isles, stone decorations, rose window and pinnacles of the original.
The chapel, known today as Chapelle de la Résurrection, is a duplicate of the 15th and 18th Century original and was completely renovated in the 1990s, losing almost all its original internal features. It is neo-classical, with Doric columns, pediment and friezes. The stain glass windows were painted by Thomas Reinhold of Vienna. They were produced by the factory of the Schlierbach convent in Upper Austria and financed by nine Austrian regions to cover five biblical themes.
Area and usage.
The church serves as the central library of the European Commission, the Directorate-General for Education and Culture and the Brussels Office for Infrastructure and Logistics (the Commissions historical archives service). The chapel is used as a local chapel and for dialogue between Christian groups in Europe.
It is located in areas known as the European Quarter and the Leopold Quarter. The neighbouring building to the south, built in the late 1980s and also housing Commission offices, is of unusually high quality, out of a desire to help it fit in with its neighbouring gothic church. Its height was also restricted to that of the convent.
Further to the south is Leopold Park and the Espace Léopold complex of the European Parliament and the buildings of the Committee of the Regions and Economic and Social Committee. To the east is a car park and Jean Rey Square and to the north is the Justus Lipsius building of the Council of the European Union.
First church.
The Dames de l'Adoration perpétuelle (Sisters of Perpetual Adoration), who became the "Sisters of the Eucharist" in 1969, was founded by Anna de Meeûs, the eldest child of the Belgian Finance Minister Count Frederic de Meeûs. The original foundation was set up in 1844 in workshops belonging to the Church of Our Lady on the Zavel (Notre-Dame on the Sablon). The sisterhood rapidly outgrew its location. In 1848 the foundress' childhood friend the Baroness d'Hoogvorst (née Countess of Mercy-Argenteau) bought the building, originally the Town House of the Counts of Salazar, on the Rue des Sols/Stuiversstraat from the Visiting Sisters. The Sisters took up residence in 1850 and, with the original chapel soon too small, they rebuilt the neighbouring wing of the house as a modern red neo-gothic church. The chapel was built in 1435 on the corner of Rue des Douze Apôtres/Twaalfapostelenstraat where the first Brussels synagogue stood until the Jews were evicted in a pogrom in 1370 – the Papal Bull establishes the Eucharistic vocation as an expiation of the Host desecration.
The entire neighbourhood was acquired by the State in 1907 as part of a project to connect the North and South railway termini. The convent lay on the site of the planned "Rue Courbe" (now "Rue Ravesteinstraat") which was designed by Henri Maquet to link the Royal Palace of Brussels with the centre. The convent buildings were bought by the city and served as a gym for the local primary school. Later, the church became a depot the Brussels' electric and road works department and the chapel housed a local garage owner. In 1955 they were all demolished in order to build the "Galerie Ravenstein".
New building.
However, when the Dames left, they moved to the Maalbeek vally and, missing their old convent, copied the church and chapel (known as the Salazar from the Spanish noble family who built the adjoining mansion which would in due course become the main convent building) in an identical style – though lacking some features due to monetary constraints. However, after time they were unable to manage and left in 1974. The building deteriorated while developers argued, with one wishing to build seven nine-story office blocks on its site.
Such development was blocked as the site was reserved for the Council of the European Union who had to put the area over to housing. Public authorities pushed for its restoration and the developers eventually agreed and in 1996 it was fully renovated with a central atrium over the cloister, but the original features all still present. It is now occupied by the European Commission. The side chapel was also restored with sponsorship and was re-inaugurated the "Chapel of the Resurrection", or the "Chapel for Europe" on 25 September 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18994571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994571" title="Eric Ludwick">
Eric Ludwick

Eric David Ludwick (born December 14, 1971 at Whiteman Air Force Base in Missouri) is a retired Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He played for the Oakland Athletics, St. Louis Cardinals, Florida Marlins, and Toronto Blue Jays. He also played two seasons in Japan for the Hiroshima Toyo Carp in and . In the middle of the 1997 season, Ludwick was part of a trade with between the cash-strapped Oakland Athletics and the St. Louis Cardinals that sent Mark McGwire to the Cardinals in exchange for Ludwick, T.J. Matthews, and Blake Stein. 
Ludwick is the brother of Cincinnati Reds outfielder Ryan Ludwick.

</doc>
<doc id="18994587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994587" title="Kirara Beach">
Kirara Beach

The name is a feminine personal name. The kanji 雲母, "mica" or "isinglass," is made up of the characters for "cloud" (雲) and "mother," (母), and could also be pronounced "unmo" in addition to "kirara." The pronunciation "kirara" is similar to the Japanese sound effect "kirakira" used for something glittery, which is fitting to the appearance of mica. The name Kirara Beach can be used for:

</doc>
<doc id="18994611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994611" title="Norton University">
Norton University

Norton University (, NU) is a private university in Cambodia registered with the Ministry of Education, Youth and Sport. It was established in 1996. The University was one of the first private Cambodian educational institutions.
In 2006, Tom Chandler, a 3-D modeling specialist from Monash University in Melbourne was invited to Norton as a senior visiting fellow. The aim of the fellowship was to introduce architecture and science students to specialised animation and modeling techniques and allow them to learn to digitally render their own heritage using 3-D techniques.
Norton university is considered to be the Best IT Education Center in Cambodia years after its establishment, and was chosen by National ICT Development Authority (NiDA), Ministry of Post-Telecommunications (MPTC), International Data Group (IDG) to receive the award, and that official honor in 2010. The university has two campus both based in Phnom Penh. The current Rector, and Vice Rector of Norton University are Professor Chan Sok Khieng and Professor Un Van Thouen, respectively.
Courses.
Under Graduates (Bachelor's Degree).
College of Arts, Humanities and Languages.
Degree
College of Sciences.
Computer Studies.
Degree : "Bachelor of Science in Computing Information (BSc)".
Course Summary
Civil Engineering.
Degree : "Bachelor Engineering (BEng)"
Structure and Components

</doc>
<doc id="18994654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994654" title="Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995">
Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995

Spain entered the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, held in Dublin, Ireland. Their entry was Anabel Conde with the song "Vuelve conmigo" (). Televisión Española (TVE) used an internal selection to select Conde.
At Eurovision.
At the final of the contest, Conde performed 9th, following Austria and preceding Turkey. At the close of the voting Conde had received 119 points, placing 2nd of 23 and giving Spain's best result since 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18994656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994656" title="Astrid Besser">
Astrid Besser

Astrid Besser (born 1 September 1989 in Prato) is an Italian tennis player.
Besser won two singles and two doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career. On 9 March 2009, she reached her best singles ranking of world number 356. On 16 June 2008, she peaked at world number 401 in the doubles rankings.
On the 2008 WTA Tour, Besser played in the main doubles draws at both the Gastein Ladies and the Banka Koper Slovenia Open.

</doc>
<doc id="18994657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994657" title="Neal H. Williams">
Neal H. Williams

Neal Hooker Williams (1870-1956) was a physicist notable for the very first spectroscopic measurements at microwave frequencies. He carried this out with a magnetron and investigated the spectrum of gaseous ammonia together with his student Claud E. Cleeton. This formed the groundwork for the later inventions of the radar and the gas laser.
Education.
He completed his PhD in 1912 at the University of Michigan with a thesis entitled "The Stability of Residual Magnetism." 

</doc>
<doc id="18994663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994663" title="Thompson, Bulgaria">
Thompson, Bulgaria

Thompson ( ; also transliterated "Tompsan", "Tompsun", "Tompsǎn" or "Tompson") is a village in central western Bulgaria, part of Svoge municipality, Sofia Province. As of 2008, it has a population of 838[http://grao.bg/tna/tab02.txt] and the mayor is Kiril Tsvetanov. Thompson lies at , 729 metres above mean sea level.
The village lies in the scenic Iskar Gorge of the western Balkan Mountains. It is a railway station on the Bulgarian State Railways' Sofia-Mezdra railway line. It was founded shortly after World War II through the merger of the neighbouring villages of Livage, Lipata, Tsarevi Stragi, Malak Babul, Babul and Zavoya. Thompson was named after the British officer William Frank Thompson (1920–1944), liaison officer between the British Army and the Bulgarian communist partisans during the war, who was captured by the Bulgarian Gendarmerie and executed in the nearby village of Litakovo on 10 June 1944.
The village has two monuments to Major Thompson, one unveiled on 13 May 2007 in front of the mayor's office "(see photo)" that uses natural light to project Thompson's image over a plaque, and one at the railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="18994679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994679" title="Googol">
Googol

A googol is the large number 10100; that is, the digit 1 followed by 100 zeroes:
The term was coined in 1938 by 9-year-old Milton Sirotta, nephew of American mathematician Edward Kasner. Kasner popularized the concept in his 1940 book "Mathematics and the Imagination".
Other names for googol include ten duotrigintillion on the short scale, ten thousand sexdecillion on the long scale, or ten sexdecilliard on the Peletier long scale.
A googol has no particular significance in mathematics, but is useful when comparing with other very large quantities such as the number of subatomic particles in the visible universe or the number of hypothetical possibilities in a chess game. Edward Kasner used it to illustrate the difference between an unimaginably large number and infinity, and in this role it is sometimes used in teaching mathematics.
A googol is approximately "70!" (factorial of 70). In the binary numeral system, one would need 333 bits to represent a googol, i.e., 1 googol ≈ 2332.2, or exactly formula_1.
Googol is notable for being the subject of the £1 million question in the infamous episode of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?", when contestant Charles Ingram cheated his way through the show by getting help from his wife, who was in the audience, and fellow contestant Tecwen Whittock.
Widespread sounding of the word occurs through its namesake of the famous internet company Google, with the name "Google" being a misspelling of "googol" by the company's founders, which was picked to signify that the search engine was intended to provide large quantities of information.
To give a sense of how big a googol really is, the mass of an electron, just under 1×10-30 kg, can be compared to the mass of the visible universe, estimated at between 1×1050kg and 1×1060 kg. It is a ratio in the order of about 1080 to 1090, still much smaller than the value of a googol.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18994681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994681" title="Carol Gould (writer)">
Carol Gould (writer)

Carol Gould (born 1953 in Philadelphia, USA) is an American author and film maker who lives in England. She is the editor of "Current Viewpoint" magazine and is a regular contributor to British Sky Broadcasting - Sky News political programming.
Gould attended the Philadelphia High School for Girls and Temple University, moving to its London campus in 1976 where she studied documentary film history with Edgar Anstey.
In 1977 her first plays, "Virgo Rising" and "Barking to the Angel", were produced in London. In 1980 she had a successful play, "A Chamber Group", about a contemporary music ensemble, at the Edinburgh Festival. In 1981, she became Associate Head of Drama at Anglia Television. She was also for ten years commissioning editor and associate producer/script editor for international Drama seen on PBS. She worked with John Rosenberg and Sir John Woolf. Her credits included "Tales of the Unexpected" and "Cause Célèbre" by Sir Terence Rattigan, six P.D. James thrillers, and adaptations of Somerset Maugham and Eric Ambler.
She began making documentaries in 1996 and produced a feature-length film, "Long Night's Journey Into Day" about Israel after the death of Yitzhak Rabin, which premiered at the 1997 Berlin Film Festival. Since 1997 she has made fifteen documentaries in Britain and South Africa.
She wrote a comment feature for "The Guardian" in 2004 about her encounters with USA-hatred in Britain. She is a vocal critic of what she sees as increasing anti-Americanism and antisemitism in Britain. She is working on a play about the nineteenth century British engineer, Isambard Kingdom Brunel and a screenplay about the weekend of the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. She has made a film in 2008 about wartime African-American ‘GI babies.'
Her book "Don't Tread on Me" is about anti-Americanism in Britain and will be published by Social Affairs Unit in the UK and Encounter Books in the USA on October 25, 2008. The paperback of her 1998 novel "Spitfire Girls" about the women pilots of World War II, will be published by Random House in the UK and Canada in June 2009. She has written articles for major UK papers and appeared on the BBC "Any Questions" radio program as a panelist in 2006 and in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18994689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994689" title="George Caunter">
George Caunter

George Caunter governed the Prince of Wales' Island (Penang Island) as Acting Superintendent in 1797 during Superintendent Major Forbes Ross MacDonald's leave of absence and again in 1799 upon the resignation and departure of MacDonald. He served as Acting Superintendent until the arrival of Sir George Alexander William Leith in 1800.
Caunter was a Magistrate of the Island with Philip Manington Jr., apparently a son of the first Philip Mannington who succeeded Capt. Francis Light as his second or assistant. On September 8, 1797 when Major Macdonald left for Bengal on leave, Philip Mannington Jr. took over as Magistrate.

</doc>
<doc id="18994698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994698" title="Cosmetics Directive">
Cosmetics Directive

Council Directive 76/768/EEC of 1976-07-27 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to cosmetic products (as amended) is the main European Union law on the safety of cosmetics. It was made under Art. 100 ("ex" Art. 94) of the Treaty of Rome. By agreement, it is also applicable in the EEA.
The directive defines a "cosmetic product" as "any substance or preparation intended for placing in contact with the various external parts of the human body (epidermis, hair system, nails, lips and external genital organs) or with the teeth and the mucous membranes of the oral cavity with a view exclusively or principally to cleaning them, perfuming them or protecting them in order to keep them in good condition, change their appearance or correct body odours." (Art. 1.1)
The main part of the directive is the different lists of substances in the annexes:
The annexes are regularly amended (57 times up until April 2008) to take account of new data on the safety of particular substances.

</doc>
<doc id="18994710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994710" title="Ian Vince">
Ian Vince

Ian Vince (16 December 1964) is an author, designer, and scriptwriter, as well as a regular contributor to "The Guardian", a columnist for "BBC Countryfile Magazine" and a former columnist for the "Daily Telegraph".
He is the author of "Britain: What A State", based on his website that purports to be the work of a (fictitious) UK government department, the Department of Social Scrutiny), and the "Little Black Book of Red Tape". He is the co-author of "The Myway Code" and "Three Men In A Float", both with Dan Kieran.
He co-presented (with Dan Kieran and Prasanth Visweswaran) a half hour programme on BBC Radio 4 called "Three Men In A Float", which aired on February 27, 2008.
His writing credits include "The Daily Telegraph", "The Guardian," "Countryfile Magazine", the "Radio Times", BBC Radio 4, BBC World Service, Channel 4's "Bremner Bird and Fortune", produced by Vera Productions and BBC3's "Rush Hour" Sketch Show, produced by Zeppotron

</doc>
<doc id="18994713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994713" title="New Zealand Formula Ford Championship">
New Zealand Formula Ford Championship

The MTA New Zealand Formula Ford Championship has been held annually in New Zealand racing circuits.
History.
Formula Ford emerged as a racing class in New Zealand. In 1972, the inaugural New Zealand Formula Ford championship won by David Oxton. The open wheel category rapidly developed into the series for emerging young New Zealand race drivers. Graduates include Brendon Hartley, Brett Riley, David Oxton, Dave McMillan, Scott Dixon, Fabian Coulthard and Jonny Reid.

</doc>
<doc id="18994714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994714" title="Sayoko Kitabatake">
Sayoko Kitabatake

Kawauchi represented Japan at the 2004 Summer Olympics. She placed 53rd in the women's individual ranking round with a 72-arrow score of 601. In the first round of elimination, she faced 12th-ranked Nataliya Burdeyna of Ukraine. Kawauchi defeated Burdeyna, winning 137-129 in the 18-arrow match to advance to the round of 32. In that round, she faced Alison Williamson of Great Britain, losing to the 21st-ranked and eventual bronze medalist archer 154-150 in the regulation 18 arrows. Kawauchi finished 26th in women's individual archery.
Kawauchi was also a member of the 14th-place Japanese women's archery team.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Kitabatake finished her ranking round with a total of 616 points. This gave her the 46th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Justyna Mospinek in the first round, beating the archer from Poland and 19th seed with 103-101. In the second round she was not able to win against French 14th seed Bérengère Schuh (112-100). Together with Nami Hayakawa and Yuki Hayashi she also took part in the team event. With her 616 score from the ranking round combined with the 616 of Hayashi and the 649 of Hayakawa the Japanese team was in seventh position after the ranking round. In the first round they eliminated the Colombian team with 206-199. However second seed Great Britain was too strong in the quarter final, beating Japan with 201-196.

</doc>
<doc id="18994722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994722" title="Jibong yuseol">
Jibong yuseol

Jibong yuseol ("Topical Discourses of Jibong") is the first Korean encyclopedia published in 1614 during the reigns of King Gwanghaegun. The author, Yi Su-gwang was a prominent silhak scholar and a military officer of the mid Joseon period of Korea. The title came from his pen name, "Jibong" and "yuseol" which literally means "topical discourses" in Korean.
Overview.
After the Imjin wars from 1592 to 1598, Yi Su-gwang worked temporarily as an emissary to the Ming Dynasty. In Ming China, he acquired several books written on Catholicism by an Italian priest, Matteo Ricci, who was living in China at this time. He brought them back to Korea, which was the first time Western literature had been brought into Korea. He took great interest in Catholicism and the Western world. From the information he obtained from the trips, he wrote a 20-volume encyclopedia, with the title "Jibong yuseol". "Jibong yuseol" contained not only information on Catholicism and China, but also on Japan, Vietnam, and Thailand. It also contained basic information on the Western world, including the geography and weather of England, western food, and western weapons. He also wrote about the knowledge of astronomy that he had acquired from an Italian priest staying in China at the time. Yi visited China several times, and even met Thai (known then to Koreans as "Seomra people", 섬라사람) emissaries in China. Taking a great interest in the Thais, he closely recorded the customs of the Thai people. He also had contact with emissaries from Vietnam and the Okinawa.

</doc>
<doc id="18994724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994724" title="List of submissions to the 81st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film">
List of submissions to the 81st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film

The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has invited the film industries of various countries to submit their best film for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film every year since the award was created in 1956. The award is handed out annually by the Academy to a feature-length motion picture produced outside the United States that contains primarily non-English dialogue. The Foreign Language Film Award Committee oversees the process and reviews all the submitted films.
For the 81st Academy Awards, the Academy invited 96 countries to submit films for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. Only one film was accepted from each country, and the deadline by which copies of all submitted films must be sent to the Academy was October 1, 2008. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences released its official list of submissions on October 17, 2008. Submission of a film does not mean automatic qualification for competition: the Academy has the final word on eligibility and has in the past disqualified several submissions.
The Oscar Foreign Film Committee began screening the foreign film entries on October 17, 2008. A shortlist of nine semi-finalists was announced January 13, 2009. Due to a new rule, only six films on the shortlist were decided based on the votes of the at-large committee. The other three were selected by the Academy's foreign film executive committee.
The official nominees were announced on January 22, 2009. The winner of the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film was Japan's "Departures".
Submissions.
The following is based upon the official list by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Not submitting.
Bolivia and Puerto Rico, formally announced at the end of September that they would not be participating in this year's competition.
Vietnam's Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism launched an open call for films to represent the country, but only received one entry - Vuong Duc's "Rừng đen" (Black Forest). On September 29, the Ministry decided not to send any film since "Forest" did not meet Oscar requirements to have run one consecutive week in a commercial cinema.
Among the around 30 other countries invited, only six - Australia, Cuba, Indonesia, Iraq, Nepal and Peru - have had films accepted to the competition three or more times in the last ten years.
Other Notes.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced that a "record 67-strong" list of films were submitted for the competition. The Middle Eastern kingdom of Jordan submitted a film for the first time and Latvia returned to the competition after a 15-year absence. In addition, the South Korean submission "Crossing" was initially in question when it was accused of plagiarism by a rival writer. The Korean Film Council said it would select another submission if "Crossing" was found guilty, but the case was ultimately dismissed and the film was retained.

</doc>
<doc id="18994732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994732" title="Lone Pine Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Lone Pine Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

Lone Pine Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery dating from World War I in the former Anzac sector of the Gallipoli Peninsula, Turkey and the location of the Lone Pine Memorial, one of five memorials on the peninsula which commemorate servicemen of the former British Empire killed in the campaign but who have no known grave.
The battles at Gallipoli, some of whose participating soldiers are buried at this cemetery, was an eight-month campaign fought by Commonwealth and French forces against Ottoman Empire forces to force the Ottoman Empire out of the war. The campaign started with an attempt to force the Dardanelles using naval power, but when this failed an invasion of the peninsula was launched to assist a renewed naval assault. The invasion was unsuccessful and the allies withdrew.
The main landings were in April 1915, with primarily British and French troops landing at the tip of the peninsula around Cape Helles and Australian and New Zealand (ANZAC) troops landing a few miles north on the west coast.
Lone Pine was a plateau 120 metres above sea level in the southern part of the Anzac sector which was captured on the morning of the landings, 25 April 1915, and abandoned that evening, but recaptured the following day only to be given up to the Turkish forces again that evening. The Turks retained it for the next three months, calling it "Kanli Sirt" (Bloody Ridge).
The position was recaptured by the Anzac troops on 6 August following extensive preparations (which included the digging of mines underneath it) during the Battle of Lone Pine, and held until the evacuation of the sector in December 1915. 
The cemetery was constructed during the campaign and at the end of it held 46 graves. It was greatly enlarged after the Armistice by moving isolated graves into it and by consolidating other smaller cemeteries in the area, such as Brown's Dip North and South Cemeteries. 
The Lone Pine Memorial commemorates 4,934 Australian and New Zealand troops killed in the sector but who have no known grave. In addition special memorials commemorate 182 Australian and 1 British soldier thought to be buried in the cemetery but whose graves have not been identified.
Name.
The Anzac troops renamed the plateau, originally Plateau 400, Lonesome Pine after the single Aleppo pine tree ("Pinus halepensis") on the plateau, and a popular song published in 1913, "The Trail of the Lonesome Pine", and this name was shortened to Lone Pine. There had originally been several trees but all but one had been cut down by Turkish troops to provide wood for covering trenches.
The tree was obliterated during the fighting, but at least two Australian soldiers took cones from it back to Australia, from which numerous commemorative trees have since been produced.
A single pine tree was planted in the cemetery during its landscaping and enlargement in the 1920s. It is sometimes said to be a descendent of the original tree

</doc>
<doc id="18994744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994744" title="Dryandra subg. Dryandra">
Dryandra subg. Dryandra

"Dryandra" subg. "Dryandra" is an obsolete series within the former genus "Dryandra" (now "Banksia" ser. "Dryandra"). It was first published at sectional rank as Dryandra verae in 1830, before being renamed Eudryandra in 1847, the replaced by the autonym at subgenus rank in 1996. It was ultimately discarded in 2007 when Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele sunk "Dryandra" into "Banksia".
Brown's "Dryandra verae".
"Dryandra verae" ("True Dryandra") was published by Brown in his 1830 "Supplementum primum Prodromi florae Novae Hollandiae". Brown's arrangement of "Dryandra" split a single species out into a separate genus, and divided the remaining "Dryandra" species into three groups according to what Brown perceived to be variations in the number of seed separators. He allowed for these groups to be treated at subgenus or section rank, but they are now treated as having been published as sections. "Dryandra verae" was defined as containing those species with a single seed separator per follicle. Its placement and circumscription may be summarised as follows:
Meissner's "Eudryandra".
"Dryandra verae" was renamed "Eudryandra" by Stephan Endlicher in 1847, and this name was used in the 1856 arrangement of Carl Meissner. Meissner retained all three of Brown's sections, and further divided "D." sect. "Eudryandra" in 8 subgroups of unstated rank designated by the section sign ("§").The placement and circumscription of "D." sect. "Eudryandra" in Meissner's arrangement thus looks like this:
Bentham's "Eudryandra".
When George Bentham published his arrangement of "Dryandra" in his 1870 "Flora Australiensis", he retained "D." sect. "Eubanksia", but discarded all eight of Meissner's groups within that section, replacing them with seven series defined using floral characters:
According to George.
By the time Alex George published his revision of "Dryandra" in 1996, the rules of botanical nomenclature mandated that any infrageneric taxon that contained the type species of the genus be given an autonym. Thus "D." sect. "Eudryandra" was treated as illegitimate, and when George published essentially the same taxon at subgenus rank, it was instead named "D." subg. "Dryandra". This was by far the largest of George's three subgenera, containing all but three "Dryandra" species. George further divided it into 24 series, reviving most of Meissner's and Bentham's names in the process. The placement and circumscription of "D." subg. "Dryandra" in George's arrangement, as amended in 1999 and 2005, may be summarised as follows:
Recent developments.
Since 1998, Austin Mast has been publishing results of ongoing cladistic analyses of DNA sequence data for the subtribe Banksiinae. His analyses have provided compelling evidence of the paraphyly of "Banksia" with respect to "Dryandra"; that is, it seems that "Dryandra" arose from within the ranks of "Banksia". Early in 2007, Mast and Kevin Thiele initiated a rearrangement of "Banksia" by sinking "Dryandra" into it as "B." ser. "Dryandra". This transfer necessitated the setting aside of George's infrageneric arrangement of "Dryandra"; thus "D." subg. "Dryandra" is no longer current. Mast and Thiele have foreshadowed publishing a full arrangement once DNA sampling of "Dryandra" is complete.

</doc>
<doc id="18994752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994752" title="Soh Hang-suen">
Soh Hang-suen

Soh Hang-suen (1951 – 12 June 2013), also known as So Hung-shuen, was a TVB actor. Soh worked for TVB during its "Golden Age", joining in 1974, and was most notable for her role in "Looking Back in Anger". Soh ran her own vegetarian restaurant in Tsim Sha Tsui. She died on June 12, 2013, after complications arising from a stroke.
Filmography.
　

</doc>
<doc id="18994759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994759" title="Luna">
Luna

Luna may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18994778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994778" title="Schwarzsee (Pizol)">
Schwarzsee (Pizol)

Schwarzsee (literally "Black Lake") is a mountain lake at an elevation of 2368 m on the Pizol mountain (2844 m) of the Glarus Alps. 

</doc>
<doc id="18994788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994788" title="Stealth magazine">
Stealth magazine

Stealth Magazine is an independent hip-hop magazine from Australia. Founded by Mark Pollard, it debuted in June 1999 with The Arsonists on the cover. Its first three issues were zine-like in format (mostly black and white with a colour cover). In 2000 it went full colour and had a bonus CD attached to it and was quickly picked up for distribution by Tower Records worldwide (mag department now deceased).
The magazine's editorial content has mostly focused on the independent hip-hop scenes around the world with the CD including music from Australia, USA, Canada, England, Switzerland and South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="18994794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994794" title="Crossing (2008 film)">
Crossing (2008 film)

Crossing (also known as Keurosing) is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Kim Tae-gyun. It has been selected as South Korea's submission to the 81st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film. The film follows the journey of a North Korean man as he illegally leaves the country to find medicine for his sick wife, portraying the many hardships of the average North Korean citizen. The film had 907,255 admissions in South Korea.
The politics of North Korea in this film are left behind and are mainly in the background. Instead it concentrates more on the life of the average North Korean, such as the hardship in an impoverished state and the fear of getting caught and being persecuted in North Korea. Subtle themes include religion, which runs through the film, as Yong Soo hopes that his son comes back safely, as well as football which is a way in connecting the North Koreans to the outside world.
Plot.
The story tells of a North Korean father and husband who decides to illegally cross into China to buy medicine for his pregnant wife who is suffering from tuberculosis. However, once he crosses into China, he realises that it's not as easy as he thought. He finds himself working as an illegal immigrant under the constant threat of being captured by the Chinese authorities and deported back to North Korea. He eventually finds his way to South Korea by entering the German embassy in China. Meanwhile, his wife has already died, leaving their son homeless and wandering around trying to find a way back to his father. Scenes switch between those of the father who is outside North Korea trying to find medicine, and those of the son, who ends up homeless and tries to defect also.
Awards an Nominations.
2008 Blue Dragon Film Awards
2008 Korean Film Awards
Controversy.
Shortly after the film was released it became embroiled in controversy as it has been accused of plagiarism by Lee Kwang Hoon. He argued that the film was written on a screenplay titled "The Conditions of Human" based on the story of North Korean defector Yoo Sang-joon which he wrote. Lee's lawyer also said that director Lee and Yoo had signed a contract to make a film about Yoo's life and has been preparing for the past three years. The lawyer claimed that a court injunction was sought because director Kim has not discussed the matter with director Lee, although Kim had known about the existence of a screenplay about Yoo. The request for an injunction applies to all theater presentations, as well as in the forms of DVD, video, and internet videos. Vantage Holdings, the distributor of "Crossing" has countered the accusation by saying that the director nor the film company has not violated Lee's copyright and added that they are looking into taking legal measures themselves.
The film has also been selected as South Korea's submission to the 81st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film. But the Korean Film Council will select another submission if "Crossing" is found guilty when the issue comes to court. However in the end the film was submitted to the 81st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not nominated for the awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18994799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994799" title="Turkey–Ukraine relations">
Turkey–Ukraine relations

Turkish–Ukrainian relations are foreign relations between Turkey and Ukraine. Turkey and Ukraine have a long chronology of historical, geographic, and cultural contact. Diplomatic relations between both countries were established in early 1990s when Turkey became one of the first states in the world to announce officially about recognition of sovereign Ukraine. Turkey has an embassy in Kiev and a consulate general in Odessa. Ukraine has an embassy in Ankara and a consulate general in Istanbul. Turkey is a full member of NATO and Ukraine is a candidate. Also both countries are BLACKSEAFOR and BSEC members.
Late January 2010 Ukrainian President Yanukovych and Turkish Prime Minister Erdoğan agreed to form a free trade zone between the two countries during 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18994803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994803" title="Zawodzie (disambiguation)">
Zawodzie (disambiguation)

Zawodzie is a district of Katowice, Poland.
Zawodzie may also refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18994807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994807" title="Peter Wishart (composer)">
Peter Wishart (composer)

Peter Charles Arthur Wishart (25 June 1921 – 14 August 1984) was an English composer. Wishart was born in Crowborough. He studied with Nadia Boulanger in Paris from 1947-1948 and taught at the Guildhall School of Music, Birmingham University, King's College London and Reading University where he was Professor of Music from 1977. His compositions include several neo-classical operas, orchestral and chamber pieces, and a large amount of church music. Critics have commented on Wishart's strong and individual lyricism, and his admiration for the music of Igor Stravinsky.
He was married to the mezzo-soprano singer Maureen Lehane, with whom he worked with at Reading University and lived with in Bridge House, near Frome, Somerset. His son by a previous marriage James Wishart is also a composer. After his death, Maureen began a music festival in his memory, the Great Elm Music Festival, and later the Jackdaws Music Education Trust. She died on December 27, 2010.
The family is unrelated to that of the composer Trevor Wishart.
His Music.
His music is published by various publishing houses, including Banks Music Ltd., Stainer & Bell, Hinrichsen, OUP and Jackdaws Publications. His output was primarily as a vocal composer, writing songs and operas.

</doc>
<doc id="18994817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994817" title="Federation of Women Teachers' Associations of Ontario">
Federation of Women Teachers' Associations of Ontario

The Federation of Women Teachers' Associations of Ontario (FWTAO) was an association founded in 1918 to promote the interests of women elementary school teachers in Ontario, and continued to represent women teachers until merging in 1998 with the Ontario Public School Teachers' Federation to form the Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario.
History.
The FWTAO was formed as a coalition of local women teacher's associations 
which had begun forming in 1888 in several Ontario cities. --> They worked for better salaries and job security. -->
In the early years, according to a history by Barbara Richter in the newsletter of the successor organization, FWTAO organizers risked dismissal from their jobs.
With the passage of the Teaching Profession Act of 1944, all elementary school teachers
in the public school system in Ontario were required to be members of the FWTAO. --> This
empowered the FWTAO to carry out its work. The FWTAO worked to counter discrimination
against women; for example, even after the passage of legislation in 1951 requiring equal pay
for work of equal value, married male teachers were still receiving an additional allowance. There were strict social expectations of women teachers; a 1965 study found that women teachers were expected by parents not to smoke, place bets, run for political office, teach after marriage or any of a number of other activities; there were strict expectations that they stop work if visibly pregnant. The FWTAO worked to change these expectations.
The FWTAO lobbied for affirmative action programs and used scholarships to help individual women further their careers; they also gave scholarships to young women in developing countries. They developed curricula, which tended to follow a democratic philosophy of education, promoting cooperation rather than competition.
The Ontario Public School Teachers Federation, formerly the Ontario Public School Men Teachers Federation, made repeated attempts since the late 60s to merge with the FWTAO, including three court challenges. --> In 1994, the Ontario Human Rights Commission upheld a complaint by a female principal that the requirement that she be a member of FWTAO was discrimination. --> A decision was made in 1996 to merge the organizations, and in 1998 they did so, forming the Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="18994821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994821" title="John Snyder (baseball)">
John Snyder (baseball)

John Snyder (August 16, 1974 in Southfield, Michigan), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He would play for the Chicago White Sox and Milwaukee Brewers.

</doc>
<doc id="18994833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994833" title="Holland Board of Public Works">
Holland Board of Public Works

The Holland Board of Public Works is a municipal utility in Holland, Michigan It provides electrical power, drinking water, and wastewater treatment. Its service area includes the city of Holland and parts of Park Township, Holland Charter Township, Fillmore Township and Laketown Township.
Electrical Generation.
Electrical production began in 1893. 
The current power plant, the James DeYoung, consists of three active units. Units 3, 4 and 5 range in capacity from 11 to 29.5 megawatts. They have a combined capacity of 60 megawatts. Units 1 and 2 are no longer in service. Coal delivered by boat is the plant's fuel source.
A 22 megawatt oil burning unit was built on Sixth Street in 1973. 
In 1992, two peaking units were installed in the southside industrial park. Located on M-40 near the headquarters of office furniture manufacturer Haworth, each provides 34 megawatts of power and can burn natural gas or fuel oil. A 74 megawatt unit installed in 2000 burns natural gas only.
The BPW also owns shares in Consumers Energy's JH Campbell Unit 3 and Detroit Edison's Belle River Power Plant; power generated at these two plants is used to supplement power produced at the BPW's own facilities.
Water Filtration.
Water from Lake Michigan is filtered at a facility in Park Township on the city's northside. The plant has a capacity of 38.5 million gallons per day. of pipe provide water to the City of Holland and portions of three neighboring townships (Park, Laketown and Holland Charter). There are four storage tanks and five pumping stations within the system.
Expansion has been considered by building a new plant south of the city near Saugatuck Dunes State Park.
Wastewater Treatment.
Wastewater is treated at a facility on Lake Macatawa near the BPW's James DeYoung power plant. The plant spans both sides of River Avenue. Over of pipe and 36 lift stations are used on pipes up to in diameter. Wastewater is collected from the City of Holland and portions of neighboring townships (Park, Laketown, Fillmore and Holland Charter).

</doc>
<doc id="18994845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994845" title="Song Hai-Rim">
Song Hai-Rim

Song Hai-Rim (born January 12, 1985) is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In 2008 she won a bronze medal with the South Korean team.

</doc>
<doc id="18994846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994846" title="Kim On-A">
Kim On-A

Kim On-A (born September 6, 1988) is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In 2008 she won a bronze medal with the South Korean team.

</doc>
<doc id="18994847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994847" title="Kim Nam-Sun">
Kim Nam-Sun

Kim Nam-Sun is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In 2008 she won a bronze medal with the South Korean team. 

</doc>
<doc id="18994848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994848" title="Lee Min-Hee">
Lee Min-Hee

Lee Min-Hee is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In 2008 she won a bronze medal with the South Korean team. 

</doc>
<doc id="18994849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994849" title="An Jung-Hwa">
An Jung-Hwa

An Jung-Hwa is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In 2008, she won a bronze medal with the South Korean team.

</doc>
<doc id="18994851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994851" title="Bae Min-Hee">
Bae Min-Hee

Bae Min-Hee is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In 2008 she won a bronze medal with the South Korean team.

</doc>
<doc id="18994867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994867" title="Mads Glæsner">
Mads Glæsner

Mads Glæsner (born October 18, 1988) is a Danish swimmer. He participated for the first time at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the disciplines 400 metre freestyle and the 1500 metre freestyle. His swimming club is Vallensbæk-VAT but he trains at the National Training Center in Copenhagen. In June 2013, Glæsner was stripped of a gold and bronze medal from the 2012 World Short Course Championships after testing positive for levomethamphetamine.
However, upon appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport, Glaesner's 1500-meter freestyle gold medal was reinstated based on the fact that a test after that race, two days after his initial positive test following the 400-meter free, was clean. He still forfeited the 400-meter freestyle bronze, which he did not appeal. 

</doc>
<doc id="18994869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994869" title="Jim Pittsley">
Jim Pittsley

James Michael Pittsley (April 3, 1974 in DuBois, Pennsylvania), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He played for the Kansas City Royals and Milwaukee Brewers. James Pittsley was drafted out of DuBois area High School. He was drafted by the Kansas City Royals in the 1992 MLB Draft (pick 17 overall). Pittsley was a highly touted prospect but was injured early in his career, and he only won seven major league games.

</doc>
<doc id="18994887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994887" title="The Flood (novel)">
The Flood (novel)

The Flood is the first novel by crime writer Ian Rankin.
Plot summary.
Mary Miller has always been an outcast. As a child, she fell into the hot burn - a torrent of warm chemical run-off from the local coal mine - and her hair turned white. Initially she was treated with sympathy, but all that changed a few days later, when the young man who pushed her in died in an accident.
Now many years later, Mary is a single mother caught up in a faltering affair. Her son, Sandy, has fallen in love with a strange homeless girl - and both mother and son are forced to come to terms with a dark secret from Mary's past.

</doc>
<doc id="18994895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994895" title="Jon Raahauge Rud">
Jon Raahauge Rud

Jon Raahauge Rud (born February 11, 1986) is a Danish swimmer. He participated for the first time at the 2008 Olympics in the 200 metre freestyle and the 400 metre freestyle. 
In July 1986, Rud competed at the Danish Open in Aarhus, Denmark with the West Swim Esbjerg swimming club. He finished second in the Men's 400 metre freestyle, second in the Men's 200 metre freestyle, third in the Men's 800 metre freestyle relay, fifth in the Men's 400 metre freestyle relay, and fourth in the Men's 400 metre medley relay.
In March 2008, Rud finished eighth in the 400 metre freestyle at the European Championships held in Eindhoven (Netherlands). 
In April 2009, Rud participated in the Denmark Long Course National Championships at Esbjerg, Denmark. He finished eighth in the Men's 800 freestyle and 11th in the Men's 400 medley relay.
Personal background.
In 2008, following his participation in the summer Olympics, Rud enrolled at Handelshøjskolen i København (Copenhagen Business School), from where he is pursuing his BSc in Economics and Business Administration. 
In August 2010, Rud announced that he had lost his motivation and was retiring from his professional career as a swimmer. At that time, he accepted an offer to serve as the assistant coach of a high performance swim team at Sigma Nordsjælland. 

</doc>
<doc id="18994897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994897" title="Jupiter (disambiguation)">
Jupiter (disambiguation)

Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun.
Jupiter may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18994898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994898" title="Waipapa Point Lighthouse">
Waipapa Point Lighthouse

Waipapa Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located at Waipapa Point, Southland, New Zealand. It was first lit on January 1, 1884.
The lighthouse was built in response to the wreck of the passenger steamer "Tararua" on reefs off Waipapa Point on April 29, 1881, with the loss of 131 lives. With its sibling, the retired Kaipara North Head lighthouse, this was one of the last two wooden lighthouses built in New Zealand. 
The lighthouse was automated and keepers withdrawn in 1975. It has been solar powered since 1988. A new LED beacon was installed externally on the balcony of the lighthouse in December 2008. Restoration work conducted in 2008 ensured it was weatherproof and secure from vandalism.

</doc>
<doc id="18994901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994901" title="USNS James M. Gilliss (T-AGOR-4)">
USNS James M. Gilliss (T-AGOR-4)

USNS "James M. Gilliss" (T-AGOR-4) was a "Robert D. Conrad"-class oceanographic research ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1962. She performed various underwater surveys and tests in the Atlantic Ocean and eventually was transferred to the Mexican Navy as an oceanographic research ship in 1996.
Built in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "James M. Gilliss" (T-AGOR-4) was laid down by Christy Corp., Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, 31 May 1961; launched 19 May 1962; sponsored by Mrs. Hubert H. Humphrey, wife of the Senator from Minnesota; delivered to the Navy 5 October 1962; and turned over to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) 5 November 1962, Captain Torston Johnson in command.
Oceanographic service.
Manned by a civilian crew and carrying 15 scientists from the Naval Oceanographic Office, "James M. Gilliss" was the first of a new class of oceanographic ships to be operated by the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS). In addition to the latest in oceanographic and meteorological equipment, she also possessed unusual design features, including special antiroll tanks for stability and a retractable bow propulsion propeller. As a mobile, floating research laboratory, she was capable of carrying out experiments in sound transmission, underwater life, and ocean floor characteristics, thus enabling her to help continue the Navy's lead in the exploration and understanding of "inner space."
Searching for Thresher.
Departing Sturgeon Bay 8 November, she arrived New York City 19 November for sea trials and shakedown. On 12 April 1963 she departed New York City to take part in the massive search for sunken submarine "Thresher" (SSN-593). Operating out of Boston, Massachusetts, she lent her "know-how" to this vital and difficult operation for 5 months before arriving Washington, D.C., 22 September. After returning to New London, Connecticut, for additional equipment tests, she departed 1 November for oceanographic research operations off Bermuda.
North Atlantic operations.
During the next 4 months she operated in the Atlantic from the Bahamas to the New England coast. In March 1964 she steamed to the Caribbean for surveying and scientific work out of San Juan, Puerto Rico. Arriving Key West, Florida, 28 March, she operated from the Strait of Florida to the Bahamas and Bermuda for more than a year. 
Departing Key West 23 May 1965, she arrived New York 27 May and prepared for deployment to waters off the British Isles. She sailed 14 June; arrived Belfast, Northern Ireland, 27 June; and began 3 months of research and survey operations from the British Isles and France to Newfoundland. 
Departing Belfast 15 September, she returned to New London 6 October and resumed research operations off the U.S. East Coast, which have continued into 1967. She continued to operate in the Atlantic from New England to the Bahamas while supporting important surveys and scientific experiments of the Naval Oceanographic Office.
Post-mission inactivation.
"James M. Gilliss" was placed out of service on an unspecified date and transferred to the Mexican Navy on 9 December 1996 where she continued to operate for that nation as an oceanographic research ship.

</doc>
<doc id="18994917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994917" title="2008 FIA GT Bucharest 2 Hours">
2008 FIA GT Bucharest 2 Hours

The 2008 Bucharest City Challenge was the sixth round of the 2008 FIA GT Championship season and was organised by City Challenge GmbH. It took place at the Bucharest Ring temporary street circuit in Bucharest, Romania, on 23 — 24 August 2008.
Format.
Unlike the previous running at Bucharest in 2007, the 2008 event introduced a new event format that involved two races. After qualification, a one-hour race was held and entries were awarded half of the standard FIA points for their finishing positions. On Sunday, a second one-hour race was held, with the starting grid being determined by the finishing order of the first race. Half points were again rewarded based on finishing order.
Race results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).
Saturday.
Phoenix Carsport lead the field as the #5 Corvette of Swiss drivers Marcel Fässler and Jean-Denis Délétraz earned victory from pole position over the team's second car. In the GT2 category, CR Scuderia earned their first ever victory in the FIA GT Championship, just ahead of defending class champions AF Corse.
Sunday.
Phoenix Carsport continued their victorious run on Sunday as the #5 car once again led the field to the checkered flag, although the team's second Corvette failed to make the finish after hitting a wall with ten laps remaining. CR Scuderia also won for the second time, Andrew Kirkaldy and Rob Bell's Ferrari overtaking the AF Corse Ferrari in the closing laps.

</doc>
<doc id="18994963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994963" title="Manorville (LIRR station)">
Manorville (LIRR station)

Manorville was a railroad station on the Main Line of the Long Island Rail Road. in Manorville, New York. The station was built in 1845 and closed in 1968.
History.
Manorville Station originally opened on June 14, 1845 as "St. George’s Manor” station, and later shortened to “Manor Station.” According to local history, the first station agent, Seth Raynor, who was a patriot during American Revolutionary War, painted over the “St. George’s,” leaving “Manor” exposed, because it reminded him of colonial domination. The town name changed to Manorville with opening of the post office, but timetables and LIRR documents retained the name “Manor” until either 1907 or 1908.
The first station house was razed in September 1869, the same year that Manorville became the western terminus of the Sag Harbor Branch, which was built by Oliver Charlick to prevent the South Side Railroad of Long Island from extending its main line east of Patchogue. After the LIRR acquired the SSRRLI, Charlick extended the now Brooklyn and Montauk Railroad to Eastport Station in 1881, and when the Montauk Branch was extended between Bridgehampton to Montauk in 1895, this section between Manorville and Eastport was renamed the Manorville Branch. Manorville was also intended to be the terminus of one of two formerly proposed extensions of the Wading River Branch. The second station house was built in May 1871, and was finally renamed "Manorville" approximately in 1910. This station was razed in June 1941 and replaced with a sheltered shed. By 1949, the Manorville Branch was abandoned. The station was finally razed in 1968 and discontinued as a station stop. A former hotel and restaurant now known as The Maples Inn, which served commuters from both branches still exists to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="18994965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994965" title="Breaking &amp; Entering (Prison Break)">
Breaking &amp; Entering (Prison Break)

"Breaking & Entering" is the 59th episode of the American television series "Prison Break" and was shown together with the first episode of its fourth season as a two-hour episode with "Scylla". It was broadcast on September 1, 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network.
Plot.
Homeland Security Agent Don Self (Michael Rapaport) and his group of Lincoln Burrows (Dominic Purcell), Michael Scofield (Wentworth Miller), Sara Tancredi (Sarah Wayne Callies), Fernando Sucre (Amaury Nolasco), Alexander Mahone (William Fichtner) and Brad Bellick (Wade Williams) arrive at an abandoned warehouse in the port in Los Angeles, where they are to track down Scylla. The airline requires that the convicts be fitted with GPS ankle monitors, and the group is to follow Self's orders. In the warehouse, they are introduced to a new member of their team, Roland Glenn (James Hiroyuki Liao), a computer hacker and identity thief who will assist them. They are also given everything they want at their disposal. While searching, Mahone tells the group that James Whistler (Chris Vance) was to drop the card to a high-level mansion, owned by Stuart Tuxhorn (Steve Tom). Mahone also knows the group that Tuxhorn's driver was formerly in the military, which narrows down the possible identities of the driver enough so that Mahone is able to identify him from a picture. The group works on a distraction to obtain the card. Roland has a plan using a wireless hard drive he invented that downloads the information of any data with close proximity. They track down the driver and follow him. Sucre and Bellick intentionally has Tuxhorn's car crash into them, and Sucre argues with the driver trying to get within close proximity of the card if Tuxhorn has it with him. However, Roland gets no signal, which means the card must be in the house.
Later, the group plans to retrieve the information through the maximum security mansion. Sara manages to sneak the hard drive into Tuxhorn's maid's handbag. When she enters the house, Michael phones her, claiming to be from the home's security company and asks her to check all the windows. Fortunately for the group, she carries her purse with her as she makes her way through the house. Michael instructs her to check the library, where Roland gets a signal, and asks her to stay there for a while, allowing Roland to finish copying the data in Scylla. After the job is completed, Bellick and Mahone stage a mock robbery to get the maid's purse. However, as they meet out of the maid's sight, Mahone cannot find the drive and is forced to return the purse empty-handed. The group realizes that the maid must have thought the device belonged to her boss and put it back in Tuxhorn's office. Because Roland needs the drive to decrypt the data he copies, Michael and the team have to break in and retrieve it. Lincoln and Sucre set off the alarm across the street, to distract the guards. During this time, Tuxhorn turns off his alarm to go outside and investigate. This allows Mahone and Michael to enter the house, where Michael finds the device near the front door. As they are leaving, Mahone sees a picture of a young boy that reminds him of his murdered son and pauses momentarily, overcome with emotion, but he and Michael both soon slip out just before Tuxhorn resets his alarm.
Meanwhile, Theodore "T-Bag" Bagwell (Robert Knepper) is left abandoned by his transporters with his companion Sancho in the middle of the empty desert. When T-Bag lies down to rest with Sancho, Sancho suddenly turns on him, trying to kill him for food. T-Bag stops him just in time, and in the ensuing struggle T-Bag unintentionally pushes Sancho down onto a sharp rock and kills him. Frustrated by his companion's death, T-Bag apparently eats his body in order to survive. He later encounters two Americans on all-terrain vehicles who offers him a lift to San Diego. Once he reaches his destination, he opens Whistler's safe, which contains a fake ID to a Gate corporation. He then heads to Los Angeles with his new-found information to find Michael. Meanwhile, Wyatt (Cress Williams) discovers that the group are not in jail as Self had deliberately misled him to believe, and finds out that Bruce Bennett (Wilbur Fitzgerald) posted their bail. Wyatt enters Bennett's home when he is not home, and suddenly walks up behind him when he returns, threateningly asking where Lincoln and Michael are. When Bennett does not answer, Wyatt injects a substance into him that causes him to pass out. It is also revealed that Gretchen Morgan (Jodi Lyn O'Keefe) is in fact alive and being held captive, apparently under torture.
Back in the port, Roland decrypts the data, but realizes the information is incomplete. Deducing from an excerpt from The Odyssey left behind by Lincoln and Michael's father about a necessary sacrifice of six men by Odysseus to pass the monster Scylla, Michael realizes that Scylla is actually made up of six cards being held by different people. The group becomes frustrated by this revelation that there are five more cards. At the end, Michael finds out in the restroom that his nose is bleeding and becomes worried, but hides it from his brother.

</doc>
<doc id="18994973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994973" title="Christopher Allen (disambiguation)">
Christopher Allen (disambiguation)

Christopher Allen (1944–2012) was an English cricketer.
Christopher Allen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18994981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994981" title="Captain Miša's Mansion">
Captain Miša's Mansion

The Mansion of Miša Anastasijević () is one of the most notable buildings in Belgrade, Serbia. It is the University of Belgrade's administration and governance building.
The building was built in 1863. It had been originally designed to serve for the anticipated court of the grandson of Karađorđe Petrović, who was married to Captain Miša’s youngest daughter Sara. Nevertheless, following the realization of construction, Captain Miša Anastasijevic gave his mansion as a gift to “his mother country for educational purposes”. In September 1863, the Belgrade Higher School was moved into the building. This site is often regarded as one of the most beautiful buildings in Belgrade. Today, the seat of the University of Belgrade is headquartered within its premises.
Captain Miša's Mansion was declared Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance in 1979, and it is protected by Republic of Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="18995003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995003" title="Jimmy Pearce">
Jimmy Pearce

Jimmy Pearce (born Tottenham, London 1947) is an English living, former professional footballer. Pearce played in the position of winger for Tottenham Hotspur F.C and represented England at schoolboy level.
Football career.
Pearce joined Spurs as an apprentice in June 1965. A dependable, skilful winger he made a total of 193 appearances for the club including 53 as substitute and scoring on 35 occasions. Pearce featured in the winning 1973 Football League Cup Final side, and was substitute in the 1971 Football League Cup Final and sub in both legs of the 1972 UEFA Cup Final. He retired from football through injury in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18995031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995031" title="MV Norstar">
MV Norstar

Norstar was a P&O roll-on/roll-off ferry operating between Kingston upon Hull in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England and Rotterdam Europoort, Netherlands and later on the Hull-Zeebrugge, Belgium line.
History.
The 27,000 gross ton ferry was built in 1974 by AG Weser, Bremerhaven for Dutch North Sea Ferries partners Noordzee Veerdiensten N.V. Sistership Norland sailed under British flag and Norstar under the Dutch flag with (mainly) Dutch crew. The ship transferred to P&O North Sea Ferries in 1996.
On the UK side ferries needed to pass locks to berth in King George Dock, and both ships Norstar and Norland were designed as large as possible for the locks in 1974. From launch until 1987 it sailed the Hull-Rotterdam route and from 1987 until 2001 it sailed on the Hull-Zeebrugge route.
Norstar and Norland were replaced by Norsea and Norsun in 1987 on the Rotterdam route. Both ships were stretched and modernized by the original builder before entering service on the Zeebrugge route. The maximum dimensions to pass the locks allowed larger new ships for the Rotterdam route and also permitted the enlarging in 1987. An extra 20.25 meters was added in 1987, resulting in a length of 173.29 meters, 25.2 meters wide and a gross tonnage of 26,916 gross tons. 
The Norstar and sistership Norland were sold to SNAV in Italy and sailing between Naples and Palermo as "SNAV Campania".
In 1987, the Norstar was used for filming The Beiderbecke Tapes.
The Norstar and her sister ship, the Norland were broken up at Alang, India in Summer 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18995034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995034" title="List of Captains, Lieutenants and Lords Deputies of English Calais">
List of Captains, Lieutenants and Lords Deputies of English Calais

The town of Calais, now part of France, was in English hands from 1347 to 1558, and this page lists the commanders of Calais, holding office from the English Crown, called at different times Captain of Calais, King's Lieutenant of Calais (Castle), or Lord Deputy of Calais.
Terminology and background.
Commands were over the castle of Calais, the town, the march and its outlying castles; command was often divided, and deputies frequently appointed for commanders who might be absent. The terminology was flexible, changed over time, and may not be accurately given in some sources. The military, political and even financial situation, and the presence or absence of officers, did affect how the system operated. The terms used changed over nearly two centuries. The system of royal officials set up after Edward III took Calais consisted of captain, marshal, seneschal and constable. But changes were soon seen.
Calais refers properly here to the Pale of Calais, or March of Calais, part of the Kingdom of England, namely the English bridgehead area between the County of Artois and County of Flanders; it varied in area according to the military position. The boundary took in wetlands and was not alway clear, but the area amounted to about 20 square miles.
The approaches to Calais, which is a port on the coast, were defended by two inland castles, that of Guînes, somewhat to the south-east, and Hammes (Hampnes, Hammez) in the present commune of Hames-Boucres, somewhat to the southwest. Calais had also castellans (of Calais Castle); "Captain of Calais Castle" is a different post from "Captain of Calais", the title of the top commander and military governor of the Pale for most of the period.
Deputies.
When "deputy" is used, it may or may not mean a second-in-command: there is no consistency across the period. From Latin records there come "vice" (in the place of) or "locum tenens" (holding the place of). "Lieutenant" is a direct French translation of "locum tenens"; it means generally the second-in-command to the "captain" or head commander. There is a mention of a "deputy lieutenant", however. Caveats are required because a "lord deputy" has to be understood as deputy to the king; and the term "deputy governor" should usually be read "lord deputy and governor", not "deputy to the governor".
The "Lord Deputy of Calais", a Tudor title only, was the English king's representative and head of the Council of Calais. The title of Lord Deputy was used in Calais only from 1507. The Council existed in some form under Edward IV, and lasted until the French conquest of Calais in 1558. There could be more than one Deputy holding the title at a given time.
In practical terms the Lord Deputy was also the military governor of Calais, but the two posts were not formally the same: in 1552 Lord William Howard became "lord deputy and governor of Calais". "Governor of Calais" may also refer to the French post after 1558.

</doc>
<doc id="18995039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995039" title="Hickstead (horse)">
Hickstead (horse)

Hickstead (March 2, 1996 – November 6, 2011) was a stallion ridden by Canadian Eric Lamaze. With rider Lamaze, he was an Olympic gold and silver medalist in show jumping. Hickstead was owned by Torrey Pines and Ashland Stables Inc.
A Dutch Warmblood, Hickstead was 16 hands high and bay in color. He was born in Belgium. During his career, he won more than $4 million CDN.
Career.
In 2006, Hickstead was a member of the winning Nations Cup Team in Florida. He also placed third in the Aachen Grand Prix and won the Duke Energy Cup at Spruce Meadows.
In 2007 Hickstead and Eric Lamaze won the coveted $1Million CN International at the Spruce Meadows "Masters" Tournament in Calgary, Alberta (Canada). During that event, he also won a record four ATCO Power Queen Elizabeth II Cup titles.
At the 2007 Pan Am Games, Hickstead and Eric Lamaze won team silver and individual bronze medals.
In 2008, Hickstead and Eric Lamaze won Individual Gold and Team Silver for Canada at the Beijing Olympic Games. This was the first individual gold medal won in equestrian, and second overall gold won by Canada in Olympic history, the other being a team medal coming from the 1968 Olympics.
In 2010 Hickstead earned the title 'Best Horse in the World' at the Alltech FEI World Equestrian Games(WEG) in Lexington, Kentucky. After completing the "extremely" rare feat of logging four clear rounds with four different riders in the Rolex Top Four Final, Hickstead was named Best Horse of the discipline. Under the unique format of the Top Four Final, riders with the four highest scores throughout the competition exchange horses.
Hickstead and Lamaze were also the 2010 champions of the Rolex Grand Prix at the prestigious CHIO Aachen: World Equestrian Festival in Germany. In a competition where the top three combinations completed both rounds and the jump-off without faults, Hickstead raced to victory - finishing the jump-off in a time that was "twenty four one hundredths of a second" faster than that of the second place 'Carlina', ridden by Pius Schwizer of Switzerland.
In 2011 Eric Lamaze and Hickstead won the $1 million CN International for a second time. The pair was second in the 2011 FEI World Cup Jumping Final in Leipzig, Germany.
On November 6, 2011, at a competition in Verona, Italy, Hickstead collapsed shortly after finishing a round and died of an aortic rupture. At the time, he was paired with Lamaze, the number one rider in the world. Eric Lamaze had praised this horse in 2006:

</doc>
<doc id="18995097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995097" title="James Clement (priest)">
James Clement (priest)

The Very Reverend James Orlando Clement was the Dean of St George's Cathedral, Georgetown, Guyana from 1976 until 1983. He was ordained in 1950 after a period of study at Codrington College, Barbados. He began his ecclesiastical career with a curacy in Monserrat before being appointed Vicar of "St George’s" in the same country in 1952. After further incumbencies in Anguilla, Antigua and St Kitts he was appointed to a Guyanese parish (Lodge) in 1967. Nine years later he was elected to the Deanery of the Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="18995099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995099" title="Willis Ochieng">
Willis Ochieng

Willis Ochieng Oganyo (born 10 October 1981 in Mathare) is a Kenyan footballer who plays for Western Stima in the Tusker Premier League as a goalkeeper. He has also played for the Kenya national football team.
Career.
Ochieng played for Kenyan Premier League club Chemelil Sugar and Mumias Sugar FC, before moving to Free State Stars in South Africa where he played from 2003 to 2005. He joined Swedish club Skellefteå FF in 2006. In the middle of the 2007 season he moved to IFK Mariehamn and played eight matches for the club. The following year he started as the club's first keeper, but got injured in his sixth match which meant his season was over. He signed a three year contract with the club after his first season in Finland.
Ochieng was reported to be playing for Tanzanian football club Simba. Finnish police is investigating the corruption case after he left IFK Mariehamn. Singaporean Wilson Raj Perumal is said to have paid 50 000 euros to Ochieng of possibly having allowed two times some easy goals. He signed a one year contract with Western Stima as a free agent on 7 December 2012. It is reported he will play the role of goalkeeper coach as well as playing for the club.
Ochieng was part of the Kenyan squad that participated at the 2004 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="18995105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995105" title="Cape Brett Lighthouse">
Cape Brett Lighthouse

Cape Brett Lighthouse is a lighthouse at Cape Brett in the Northland Region of the North Island of New Zealand. The site was surveyed and chosen in 1908 by Captain John Bollons of NZGSS Hinemoa.
The lighthouse was deactivated and keepers withdrawn in 1978 and replaced by an automated beacon on the same site.

</doc>
<doc id="18995107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995107" title="Wei Pi-hsiu">
Wei Pi-hsiu

Wei Pi-Hsiu (born July 4, 1990) is an athlete from the Republic of China who competes in archery.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Wei finished her ranking round with a total of 585 points. This gave her the 58th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Alison Williamson in the first round. The 7th seed archer from Great Britain was too strong with 108-99 and eliminated Wei. Together with Wu Hui-Ju and Yuan Shu-Chi she also took part in the team event. With her 585 score from the ranking round combined with the 634 of Wu and the 652 of Yuan the Chinese Taipei team was in eighth position after the ranking round. In the first round they faced the Italian team, but were unable to beat them. Italy advanced to the quarter finals with a 215-211 score.

</doc>
<doc id="18995113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995113" title="John Costas">
John Costas

John Costas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18995115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995115" title="Andrey Molchanov (businessman)">
Andrey Molchanov (businessman)

Andrey Yuryevich Molchanov (), born on September 24, 1971 in Leningrad, is a Russian politician. He is the representative of the Leningrad Oblast in the Council of Federation of the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation, and the founder and major shareholder of LSR Group (OJSC).
Education.
In 1993 graduated from the economic faculty of the St. Petersburg State University, in 1998 graduated from the Russian Academy of Public Administration under the President of the Russian Federation (RAPA). Andrey Molchanov also holds a doctorate in Economic Sciences.
Business.
In 1993 founded and was president of Open Joint Stock Company LSR Group, one of the leading real estate development, construction and building materials companies of Russia till 2007.
Politics.
In 2007 was appointed the Assistant of the Russian Federation public health services and social development Minister.
Andrey Molchanov is a member of the Federation Council representing Valeriy Serdyukov, the Governor the Leningrad Oblast (elected in January 2008), and the Chairman of the Council of Federation Committee on the Commonwealth of Independent States Issues (elected in December 2009).
Family.
Andrey Molchanov is married, has four children.

</doc>
<doc id="18995133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995133" title="SS Panaman">
SS Panaman

SS "Panaman" was a cargo ship built in 1913 for the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company. The ship was sometimes incorrectly referred to as SS "Panamanian". During World War I she was known as USAT "Panaman" in service for the United States Army and USS "Panaman" (ID-3299) in service for the United States Navy. Late in her career she was known as SS "Marcella" for the Italian government.
She was built by the Maryland Steel Company as one of eight sister ships for the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company, and was employed in inter-coastal service via the Isthmus of Tehuantepec and the Panama Canal after it opened. In World War I, USAT "Panaman" carried cargo and animals to France under charter to the U.S. Army. When transferred to the U.S. Navy in August 1918, USS "Panaman" continued in the same duties, but after the Armistice, was converted to a troop transport and returned over 11,000 American troops from France. Returned to American-Hawaiian in 1919, "Panaman" resumed inter-coastal cargo service.
During World War II, "Panaman" was requisitioned by the War Shipping Administration and initially sailed between New York and Caribbean ports, but with two trips to African ports mixed in. Beginning in mid 1943, "Panaman" sailed from New York or Boston to ports in the United Kingdom. In late 1946, she was sailing in the Pacific Ocean. In July 1947, American-Hawaiian sold "Panaman" to the Italian government. Renamed "Marcella" at that time, she was scrapped in September 1954 at Baltimore.
Design and construction.
In November 1911, the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company placed an order with the Maryland Steel Company of Sparrows Point, Maryland, for two new cargo ships—"Panaman" and . The contract cost of the ships was set at the construction cost plus an 8% profit for Maryland Steel, but with a maximum cost of $640,000 each. The construction was financed by Maryland Steel with a credit plan that called for a 5% down payment in cash with nine monthly installments for the balance. Provisions of the deal allowed that some of the nine installments could be converted into longer-term notes or mortgages. The final cost of "Panaman", including financing costs, was $70.29 per deadweight ton, which came out to just over $715,000.
"Panaman" (Maryland Steel yard no. 128) was the first ship built under the contract. The ship was , and was in length (between perpendiculars) and abeam. She had a deadweight tonnage of , and her cargo holds, which had a storage capacity of , were outfitted with a complete refrigeration plant so that she could carry perishable products from the West Coast—like fresh produce from Southern California farms—to the East Coast. "Panaman" had a single steam engine powered by oil-fired boilers that drove a single screw propeller at a speed of .
Early career.
When "Panaman" began sailing for American-Hawaiian, the company shipped cargo from East Coast ports via the Tehuantepec Route to West Coast ports and Hawaii, and vice versa. Shipments on the Tehuantepec Route would arrive at Mexican ports—Salina Cruz, Oaxaca, for eastbound cargo, and Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, for westbound cargo—and would traverse the Isthmus of Tehuantepec on the Tehuantepec National Railway. Eastbound shipments were primarily sugar and pineapple from Hawaii, while westbound cargoes were more general in nature. "Panaman" sailed in this service on the west side of North America.
After the United States occupation of Veracruz on 21 April 1914 (which found six American-Hawaiian ships in Mexican ports), the Huerta-led Mexican government closed the Tehuantepec National Railway to American shipping. This loss of access coupled with the fact that the Panama Canal was not yet open, caused American-Hawaiian to return in late April to its historic route of sailing around South America via the Straits of Magellan. With the opening of the Panama Canal on 15 August, American-Hawaiian ships switched to taking that route.
In October 1915, landslides closed the Panama Canal and all American-Hawaiian ships, including "Panaman", returned to the Straits of Magellan route again. "Panaman"s exact movements from this time through early 1917 are unclear. She may have been in the half of the American-Hawaiian fleet that was chartered for transatlantic service. She may also have been in the group of American-Hawaiian ships chartered for service to South America, delivering coal, gasoline, and steel in exchange for coffee, nitrates, cocoa, rubber, and manganese ore.
World War I.
At some point after the United States declared war on Germany, the United States Army chartered "Panaman" for transporting pack animals to Europe in support of the American Expeditionary Force. Although there is no information about the specific conversion of "Panaman", for other ships this typically meant that passenger accommodations had to be ripped out and replaced with ramps and stalls for the horses and mules carried. Details about "Panaman"s first two animal transport journeys are not known, but her third trip began 1 April 1918 when she sailed from Newport News, Virginia, with 180 animals for Saint-Nazaire. All 180 animals arrived in good health; none had died, fallen ill, or been injured during the trip. Further details of "Panaman"s Army service are not known.
On 12 August, "Panaman" was transferred to the United States Navy at New York, and was commissioned into the the same day. "Panaman" was loaded with a cargo of general supplies, beef, and a deck-load of trucks and sailed in a convoy from New York on 21 September, arriving at its destination of Saint-Nazaire 6 days later. Back in New York on 7 October, "Panaman" was outfitted with 821 stalls for horses, and took on a load of horses, general cargo, and 78 officers and men. Sailing in her next convoy on 19 October, she reached Bordeaux on 6 November, five days before the Armistice. After sailing from France on 16 November, she arrived at Newport News eleven days later and underwent repairs.
"Panaman" sailed on 8 December for New York, where the Board of Survey found her fit for conversion to a troop transport and transferred her from the to the Cruiser and Transport Force. Though sources do not indicate the specific modifications "Panaman" underwent, typical conversions for other ships included the installation of berths for troops, and adding greatly expanded cooking and toilet facilities to handle the large numbers of men aboard. Similar modifications on "Panaman"s sister ship took three months, but it is not known how long "Panaman"s refit took. After her conversion, she made six roundtrip voyages to France and brought home 11,393 American personnel. USS "Panaman" was decommissioned on 18 September 1919, and returned to American-Hawaiian the same day.
Interwar years.
"Panaman" resumed cargo service with American-Hawaiian after her return from World War I service. Though the company had abandoned its original Hawaiian sugar routes by this time, "Panaman" continued inter-coastal service through the Panama Canal in a relatively uneventful career. Hints at cargos she carried during this time can be gleaned from contemporary news reports from the "Los Angeles Times". In April 1923, for example, the newspaper ran a report provided by the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce that went into great detail listing the contents of the cargo that "Panaman" had unloaded. The items included items such as of iron conduit pipe, of paper towels and toilet tissue, and of canned hominy. In June 1926, the newspaper ran a photograph that showed the loading of a $1,000 prize bull that was beginning its journey from Los Angeles Harbor to Guatemala City aboard "Panaman".
In 1940, "Panaman" made the news when eleven crewmen mutinied, according to the ship's captain. The ship was held up in San Diego for 18 hours because the men refused to obey the captain's orders. When an agreement brokered by Harry Lundeberg of the Sailors' Union of the Pacific was reached, the men followed orders to get the ship to Los Angeles where the union would attempt to settle the issue. But on arrival in Los Angeles Harbor, the ship was boarded by three FBI agents and two representatives of the Bureau of Marine Inspection and Navigation. After interviewing the captain behind closed doors aboard the ship, the FBI turned the investigation over to the Bureau of Marine Inspection and Navigation, whose two investigators conducted a hearing for the eleven men.
World War II.
After the United States entered World War II, "Panaman" was requisitioned by the War Shipping Administration and frequently sailed in convoys. Though complete records of her sailings are unavailable, partial records indicate some of the ports that "Panaman" visited during the conflict and some of the cargo. From August 1942 to April 1943, "Panaman" sailed primarily between New York and Caribbean ports, calling at Trinidad, Key West, Hampton Roads, and Guantánamo Bay. One exception to this pattern was in November 1942 when "Panaman" sailed on one roundtrip to Durban, South Africa, returning by way of Bahia.
In late April 1943, "Panaman" sailed from Hampton Roads to Algiers and back, returning to the former in late June. Beginning in July, "Panaman" sailed from either Boston or New York to Halifax and Liverpool for some eight round trips between then and October 1944. "Panaman" also visited Belfast Lough in March 1944, Falmouth and Seine Bay in June, and Southampton and Belfast Lough again in July. In October, "Panaman" sailed from New York to Guantánamo Bay. Sources do not reveal where or in what capacity "Panaman" spent the remainder of the war.
Later career.
After the war's end, American-Hawaiian continued operating "Panaman" for about two more years. In December 1946, the "Chicago Daily Tribune" reported that "Panaman" was speeding to Manila with two men ill with polio. The news article reported that the ship had one man die in Saigon from the disease two months prior. In July the following year, the company sold the "Panaman" to the Italian government. The ship operated under her new name of "Marcella" and remained in Italian hands until she was scrapped on 15 September 1954 at Baltimore.

</doc>
<doc id="18995149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995149" title="Kim Tae-gyun (director)">
Kim Tae-gyun (director)

Kim Tae-gyun () (born 17 June 1960) is a South Korean film director. His 2010 film "A Barefoot Dream" was selected as the South Korean entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.

</doc>
<doc id="18995235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995235" title="George Alexander William Leith">
George Alexander William Leith

Major General Sir George Alexander William Leith, the second Baronet, (1775), K.C.B. O.B was the first Lieutenant-Governor of Prince of Wales' Island (Penang Island) taking the reins over from George Caunter, a Magistrate who was Acting Superintendent following the resignation and departure of the last governor, Superintendent, Major Forbes Ross MacDonald. He served in that position from his arrival in 1800 until 1803. 
He was appointed an Ensign in the 88th Foot in 1779 and served in Jamaica. He was promoted to Lieutenant in 1780. He returned to England in November 1781 and moved to the 2nd Battalion of the Royals. He transferred to the 71st Foot in Madras in 1786. In 1789 he was appointed Brigade-Major and served under Major-General Sir William Meadows and Governor of India, Lord Cornwallis. He was at the sieges of Bangalore and Sevendroog, the Storming of Tippoo's lines and the surrender of Seringapatam. He was promoted to Captain-Lieutenant 74th Foot on November 1, 1792 and then to Captain in the 73rd on March 7, 1795.
He served as aide-de-camp to the Governor-General in 1793 and as Brigade Major to the King's troops in Bengal in 1794.
In 1797 he sailed on the projected Manila expedition.
In February 1800 he was appointed Governor of Prince of Wales' Island and invested with the whole civil and military authority and on 20 April he arrived and took charge of the government. The Governor-general in council had selected him for the office of lieutenant-governor from his personal knowledge of Sir George's integrity, prudence and firmness and by his lordship's conviction that the services of Sir George Leith would be eminently useful in securing to the company all advantages to be derived from the important settlements (on Prince of Wales' Island). That year Sir George negotiated a further treaty with the Sultan for the cession of a strip of mainland Kedah which was then renamed Province Wellesley after Richard Wellesley, 1st Marquess Wellesley, the Governor-General of India. He continued to govern till 1803 when he was succeeded by Sir Robert Townsend Farquhar. The Prince of Wales' Island, together with Province Wellesley now formed the Settlement of Penang (the island having been locally known as Pulau Pinang, where in the Malay language "pulau" means "island" and "pinang" is the name of a variety of local palm tree).
He received a Majority in the 17th Foot on 1 January 1800 and a Lieutenant-Colonelcy in the 2nd West-India Regiment on 13 June 1805. In 1805, because of his part in quelling a rebellion, he was presented with a set of porcelain by the King of Burma. At this time he had also completed and caused to be published, a book about his experiences on the island up to that point. He continued as Lieutenant-Governor of Penang until 1806 when he received leave to return to England.
He was on the point of embarking for the West Indies, when he was ordered to Ireland as Assistant Assistant Adjutant-General of the British forces there. He attained the brevet rank of Colonel in 1813, Major-General in 1819 and on the 20th of November of the same year he was appointed Colonel of the 9th Royal Veteran Battalion. He was lmade a Knight-Commander of the Order of the Bath.
In 1805 he wrote and had published the book, "A Short Account of the Settlement, Produce, and Commerce of Prince of Wales Island, in the Straits of Malacca".
He died in Scotland in 1842. Leith Street in Penang is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18995253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995253" title="Harry Nuttall (politician)">
Harry Nuttall (politician)

Harry Nuttall (1849 - 25 September 1924) was a British Liberal politician, and Member of Parliament for Stretford from 1906 to 1918.
Nuttall was born in 1849 in Manchester, and attended Owens College. He was an export and import merchant, and President of the Manchester Chamber of Commerce in 1905.
Nuttall unsuccessfully contested the Stretford constituency at the 1900 general election. At the following general election in 1906, he again stood as the Liberal candidate at Stretford constituency, this time unseating the Conservative MP, Charles Cripps. This followed intensive canvassing of the 5,000 Manchester freeholders eligible to vote in the division. He held the seat at the next two general elections until he retired in 1918.
Harry Nuttall died suddenly on 25 September 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="18995299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995299" title="Live Like We're Alive">
Live Like We're Alive

"Live Like We're Alive" is the first studio album from Christian rock band Nevertheless. It was released on September 19, 2006. Two singles were released off the album: "The Real" and "Live Like We're Alive".

</doc>
<doc id="18995303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995303" title="Cary Building (Detroit, Michigan)">
Cary Building (Detroit, Michigan)

The Cary Building is a commercial building located at 229 Gratiot Avenue (at the corner of Gratiot and Broadway) in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
History.
The Cary Building was built by Frank M. Cary, a speculator in Detroit real estate. Cary hired architect Richard E. Raseman (who also designed the Breitmeyer-Tobin Building, located across Broadway from the Cary, in 1905) to design the structure. The construction of the Cary Building began a transformation of Broadway (then called Miami Avenue) from an upper-class residential area into a fashionable commercial district.
Description.
The five-story building, designed in the Beaux-Arts architectural style and faced with brick, is significant because of its strong use of vertical bays with capping arches. Its original cornice has been removed, and the entire structure is in need of restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="18995305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995305" title="Hellmuth Christian Wolff">
Hellmuth Christian Wolff

Hellmuth Christian Wolff (23 May 1906 Zürich - 1 July 1988 Leipzig) was a German composer and musicologist. As a young man he studied music in Berlin and Kiel. He later taught music in Leipzig from 1954-1971. He is particularly remembered for his numerous publications on the history of opera and in particular the subject of baroque opera. Also of interest, are his writings on the visual aspects of music which led him to study iconography, including a pictorial history of opera. 
Wolff’s reputation rests on his many publications rather than on his compositions which were rarely performed. He composed four operas: "Der kleine und der grosse Klaus" (1931, revised 1940), "Die törichten Wünsche" (1943), "Der Tod des Orpheus" (1947), and "Ich lass' mich scheiden" (1950). He also wrote a ballet and several orchestral and chamber works. He also became known as a painter later in life.

</doc>
<doc id="18995318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995318" title="Dickinson, North Dakota micropolitan area">
Dickinson, North Dakota micropolitan area

The Dickinson Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in North Dakota, anchored by the city of Dickinson. As of the 2010 census, the μSA had a population of 24,982 (a July 1, 2012 estimate placed the population at 27,676).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 23,524 people, 9,298 households, and 6,132 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 97.56% White, 0.22% African American, 0.91% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.28% from other races, and 0.79% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.02% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $32,597, and the median income for a family was $38,639. Males had a median income of $31,487 versus $20,500 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $16,058.

</doc>
<doc id="18995337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995337" title="Rick Decker">
Rick Decker

Rick Decker is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18995356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995356" title="Hellmuth Wolff">
Hellmuth Wolff

Hellmuth Wolff may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18995361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995361" title="Tekanpur">
Tekanpur

Tekanpur may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18995386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995386" title="Cynthia Muvirimi">
Cynthia Muvirimi

Cynthia Maideyi Muvirimi is a Zimbabwean-born model who represented Zimbabwe in the Miss World 2008 pageant.
Early life.
The twelfth of thirteen children, Muvirimi was born in Harare. She attended Cecil John Rhodes Junior School and went onto Thornhill High, both in Gweru, Zimbabwe. Muvirimi received a diploma in Nursing and an Honorary Bachelor of Science degree from London Southbank University.
Muvirimi has participated in pageants since her high school days. In 1999, she was named Miss Thornhill High and later that year she went on to win the Miss Midlands Schools title.
Pageants.
Muvirimi was first runner-up in the UK-based Miss Malaika 2006 pageant. 
On June 3, 2007, at the Pegasus Hotel in Kingston, Jamaica, Muvirimi won the title of Miss Global International, and in December of that same year, she won the title of Miss Tourism Zimbabwe, earning a shot at the 2008 Miss World final title in Johannesburg, South Africa on December 13, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18995395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995395" title="Ana Rendón">
Ana Rendón

Ana María Rendón Martínez (born March 10, 1986 in Medellín) is a female athlete from Colombia who competes in archery.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Rendón finished her ranking round with a total of 647 points. This gave her the 10th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Elena Tonetta in the first round. Both archers scored 106 points in the regular match, but in the decisive extra round Rendón scored 10 points against 9 for Tonetta and advanced to the next round. There she won with 110-106 against Miroslava Dagbaeva. In the round of 16 she could only score 95 points and as her opponent Khatuna Lorig scored 107 points Rendón was eliminated. Together with Natalia Sánchez and Sigrid Romero she also took part in the team event. With her 647 score from the ranking round combined with the 643 of Sánchez and the 551 of Romero the Colombian team was in tenth position after the ranking round. In the first round they faced the Japanese team, but were unable to beat them. Japan advanced to the quarter finals with a 206-199 score.

</doc>
<doc id="18995440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995440" title="Completely Free">
Completely Free

"For completely free elements in Galois extensions, see Normal basis"
Completely Free is a 1982 album by the band Free.
Track listing.
Blues rock, hard rock |

</doc>
<doc id="18995453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995453" title="Ikwerre people">
Ikwerre people

The Ikwerre (also spelt Ikwere) are one of the many ethnic groups in the Niger Delta region of Nigeria. They are generally considered a subgroup of the Igbo people of southeastern Nigeria, although a small minority for political expediency now dispute this account,claiming their history was rewritten during the colonial period because of the dominance of the larger Igbo group. The Ikwerre are said to be related or share common ancestry with the Ogba and Ekpeye people (Akalaka brothers) . They trace their origins to Benin and elsewhere.They constitute the majority of Rivers state, Nigeria, although there are other populations in neighboring states(Citation_needed). The Ikwerre speak the Ikwerre dialect, a dialect part of the many diverse Igbo dialects. They are traditionally farmers, fishermen and hunters, but in recent times, the environmental degradation and urban sprawl associated with oil exploration and exploitation has caused a sharp decline in the amount of farmland, forests and rivers available for their traditional occupations.
The Ikwerre exist in well-delineated clans, with each clan having its own Paramount Ruler, therefore, the Ikwerre do not have an overall paramount ruler or King, a but designated kings/ruler/leader mostly approved by its constituents. Although all paramount rulers in ikwerre are united in what is known as Ogbakor Ikwerre which is an association of Ikwerre traditional rulers. A total of 92 oil wells, producing an estimated 100,000 barrels of crude daily, are located in Ikwerreland. The Ikwerre therefore play host to several multinational oil-producing and servicing companies, in addition to many other industries and establishments. Despite these, the Ikwerre, like nearly all other minorities of the Niger Delta, frequently complain of marginalisation by the oil operatives. The University of Port Harcourt, the Rivers State University of Science and Technology, the three campuses of the Rivers State College of Education, as well as the Rivers State College of Arts and Science, are all sited in Ikwerre communities.
Origin.
The Ikwerre are considered by a great majority of scholars as a subgroup of the Igbo people of southeastern Nigeria,
There are several theories over the origin, and the strongest and most widely accepted one is the theory linking the Ikwerre to an Igbo origin. They would be descendents from an Igbo migration from Awka and Orlu areas towards South. Igbo scholars take Ikwerre as part of the Southern Igbo. Amadi, an Ikwerre scholar, says that the Igbo origin theory has some support even inside Ikwerre themselves, with Ikwerre would be descendants of a migration of Arochukwu Igbo, with Okpo Nwagidi being the leader of the Ikwerre tribe. Before the civil war, there had been dissident voices that claimed that Ikwerre could have come from lands outside of Igbo lands such as the Benin Kingdom. Just as an example, when Port Harcourt was conquered by Nigeria during the Biafran War and the Igbo people from other parts of Igboland fled the territory, a UN report says that the Ikwerre decided to claim that the Ikwerre were non-Igbo for convenience. The Ikwerre are recognized officially as a separate group in the 1979 Nigerian Constitution.
Notable people.
Some notable people of Ikwerre origin:

</doc>
<doc id="18995460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995460" title="Natalia Sánchez (archer)">
Natalia Sánchez (archer)

Natalia ("Nati") Sánchez Echeverri (born May 20, 1983 in Medellín, Antioquia) is a female athlete from Colombia who competes in archery. She is 2009 World Championship bronze medalist.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Sánchez finished her ranking round with a total of 643 points. This gave her the 18th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Katsiarina Muliuk in the first round. Despite the archer from Belarus being only the 47th seed, she managed to upset Sánchez and eliminate her with a 104-101 score. Together with Ana Rendón and Sigrid Romero she also took part in the team event. With her 643 score from the ranking round combined with the 647 of Rendón and the 551 of Romero the Colombian team was in tenth position after the ranking round. In the first round they faced the Japanese team, but were unable to beat them. Japan advanced to the quarter finals with a 206-199 score.

</doc>
<doc id="18995463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995463" title="Abdullah Shuhail">
Abdullah Shuhail

Abdullah Shuhail (born on 22 January 1985) is a Saudi football player, playing with the Al-Shabab club in Saudi Arabia.
Shuhail has made several appearances for the Saudi Arabia national football team, including six qualifying matches for 2010 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18995485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995485" title="Cary Building">
Cary Building

Cary Building may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18995489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995489" title="Lilienfeld Prize">
Lilienfeld Prize

The Julius Edgar Lilienfeld Prize of the American Physical Society, to remember Julius Edgar Lilienfeld, has been awarded annually, since 1989. (It was not awarded in 2002). The purpose of the Prize is to recognize outstanding contributions to physics.

</doc>
<doc id="18995491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995491" title="Sigrid Romero">
Sigrid Romero

Sigrid Romero (born May 22, 1989 in Cali) is an athlete from Colombia who competes in archery.
Early life.
Romero was born in Cali, Colombia, the daughter of Ramon Romero and Patricia Duque.
Her name in German means triumphal procession, in the beginning she tried the swimming and gymnastics when she was 10 years old. She started in 2003 where she excelled in a national competition in Bogota, where was the winner of five golds medals.
Now she lives in Medellin away their parents, who live in Cali with her younger brother Rony Romero.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Romero finished her ranking round with a total of 551 points. This gave her the 62nd seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Joo Hyun-Jung in the first round. With a score of only 98 points she was unable to stop the third seeded South Korean, who eventually would reach the quarter final. Together with Natalia Sánchez and Ana Rendón she also took part in the team event. With her 551 score from the ranking round combined with the 643 of Sánchez and the 647 of Rendón the Colombian team was in tenth position after the ranking round. In the first round they faced the Japanese team, but were unable to beat them. Japan advanced to the quarter finals with a 206−199 score.
2010 Sud Americanos Games.
At the 2010 Sud Americanos Games in Medellin, Colombia Romero won 3 gold, 2 silver and 1 bronze medals with 30 meters, 50 meters and 70 meters curved.

</doc>
<doc id="18995492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995492" title="Peter Kay's Britain's Got the Pop Factor... and Possibly a New Celebrity Jesus Christ Soapstar Superstar Strictly on Ice">
Peter Kay's Britain's Got the Pop Factor... and Possibly a New Celebrity Jesus Christ Soapstar Superstar Strictly on Ice

"Peter Kay's Britain's Got the Pop Factor... and Possibly a New Celebrity Jesus Christ Soapstar Superstar Strictly on Ice" is a British television comedy show created, written, directed, produced by and starring comedian Peter Kay. The two-hour show aired in two parts on Channel 4 on 12 October 2008.
The title and general format of the show is a parody of talent search-based reality television shows. The title of the show is an amalgamation of other talent-search reality shows, as well as a stage show (representing the show-within-a-show mentioned below); in order - "Britain's Got Talent", "Pop Idol", "The X Factor", celebrity variants of pre-existing shows, "Jesus Christ Superstar" (in reference to Andrew Lloyd Webber's BBC series of talent shows), "Soapstar Superstar", "Strictly Come Dancing" and "Dancing on Ice".
As well as being the title of the show, "Britain's Got the Pop Factor" is the title of the fictional series within the show, where "Celebrity Jesus Christ Soapstar Superstar Strictly on Ice" is the name of another fictional talent show, to which the winner of "Britain's Got The Pop Factor" gains automatic entry.
After the end credits, the show advertised its "sequel", due to show the next year: "Celebrity Fiddler on the Roof In the Jungle", an amalgam of British reality show "I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here" and the musical "Fiddler on the Roof".
It was the first show Kay had produced on the channel for four years, and was described by Channel 4 as the 'comedy forefront of the autumn schedule, which begin a year-long season of programmes'. The show was rerun in its entirety on 14 December 2008.
Due to the release of "I Know Him So Well", a duet by winner Geraldine McQueen and Susan Boyle for Red Nose Day 2011, the show was repeated on 26 March of that year, with the video for the song shown immediately afterwards.
Plot.
The programme was shown in the style of a live final talent show hosted by Cat Deeley and judged by Nicki Chapman, Pete Waterman and Neil Fox (this being the original "Pop Idol" panel, minus Simon Cowell; Chapman and Waterman were also panellists for ITV's "Popstars" and "" respectively.)
Peter Kay appeared as solo artist Geraldine McQueen, a contestant. Jo Enright, Karl Lucas, David Hulston and Sian Foulkes performed as a band 2 Up 2 Down in which the two women were wheelchair users, and Marc Pickering played R Wayne: another solo artist. This mirrors the three categories "The X Factor" originally split its entrants.
The two hour final exhibited various acts that did not make the final, and the three finalists' journeys on the show. It revealed their sob stories and the fact that sob stories were the driving force behind which contestants got through to the final. Geraldine McQueen had gone through gender reassignment surgery after being a male piano player on one of the Irish ferries and 2 Up 2 Down have had a multitude of bad experiences. R Wayne was originally eliminated at bootcamp for not having a good enough sob story but was brought back into the show after his grandmother (R Gran) died from a heart attack on hearing news of his elimination.
Later on in the show, a notable character from the first series of "Peter Kay's Phoenix Nights", Psychic Clinton Baptiste, revealed that R Gran was attending a pub quiz in heaven with Thora Hird and Heath Ledger.
The three finalists each performed a live medley (performed in a serious manner, with the insensitivity of the song selections providing the humour). At this point, R Wayne was eliminated and the final two acts then performed their own rendition of "The Winner's Song".
The winner of the show was Geraldine. She collapsed on stage during the last lines of her version of "The Winner's Song" from choking on a piece of glitter confetti. R Wayne, not noticing, ended up being the only person actually singing these last lines. After somebody asked for a doctor, "Dr." Neil Fox jumped on stage and attempted to revive her.
The following day Kay, in character as Geraldine, was a guest on "The Chris Moyles Show" on BBC Radio 1 and revealed that Neil Fox revived her, and she was recovering in an unknown (to her) hospital. She also appeared on Danny Baker's afternoon radio show on BBC London 94.9 three days later where she was still in hospital recovering and she was hoping to get a visit from Pete Waterman. She was also interviewed on Wave 105's breakfast show the following Friday, where she revealed that she was staying at Guy Ritchie's flat.
A follow-up programme, along the lines of the "winner's story" documentaries often produced for real-life talent reality shows, was broadcast on Channel 4 on 19 December 2008. Titled "Peter Kay's Britain's Got an Extra Pop Factor and Then Some 2 + 1", the programme was hosted by Ben Shephard who, like Cat Deeley, was formerly closely associated with this type of programme.
Music.
R Wayne sang a medley of "Return to Innocence" by Enigma, "Love Train" by The O'Jays, "Earth Song" by Michael Jackson, "Y.M.C.A." by The Village People and "There's No-one Quite Like Grandma" by St Winifred's School Choir.
2 Up 2 Down sang a medley of "We Built This City" by Starship, "Bootylicious" by Destiny's Child, "9 to 5" by Dolly Parton, "Holding Out for a Hero" by Bonnie Tyler and "Hero" by Mariah Carey.
Geraldine sang a medley of "Born to Run" by Bruce Springsteen, the theme to "Born Free" (perhaps best known as Matt Monro's version), "Free Nelson Mandela" by The Special AKA, "Umbrella" by Rihanna, "C'est la Vie" by B*Witched and "Milkshake" by Kelis.
Both 2 Up 2 Down and Geraldine sang versions of the "Winner's Song", which was co-written by show's maker Peter Kay and Take That star, Gary Barlow
Cast.
Guest stars.
The show featured cameo appearances from:
Geraldine McQueen.
Geraldine McQueen is the fictional singer-songwriter from Britain's Got The Pop Factor... played by Peter Kay as a parody of the generic talent show winner.
Backstory.
She grew up as a male named Gerry King. As an adult, Gerry became a piano player on one of the Northern Irish ferries. Always believing that she was in the wrong body, Geraldine underwent a painful gender reassignment surgery in Bangkok, under the watchful eyes of Dr Fungmewow claiming, "he certainly knew his onions..." Her home life was poor though, as after her mother found a young Gerry cross-dressing, she stated that she didn't want anything to do with her son, saying "she is no son of mine!" However, during the final of "Britain's Got The Pop Factor..." Geraldine's mother battled with her terminal HIV and inner-dislike for her child and came over to support her. Geraldine's father died when she was younger. The character was killed off in a special Christmas radio broadcast on 96.2 The Revolution, in 2008.
Releases.
The single "The Winner's Song" was written by Peter Kay and Gary Barlow and was released on iTunes and in stores on 13 October 2008. On 19 October 2008, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at number 2.
The follow-up single "Once Upon a Christmas Song" was released on 15 December 2008 in stores and became available to download on 14 December. This was a charity single and all proceeds were donated to the NSPCC.
When her Christmas single, "Once Upon a Christmas Song" was released Geraldine made an appearance on GMTV to promote it, claiming it was a serious contender for the Christmas number 1 single.
Other appearances.
After the release of "The Winner's Song", Geraldine made appearances on Take That Comes To Town. She was then seen performing it on The Royal Variety Performance (doing a medley which included "The Winner's Song" and "Once Upon a Christmas Song"), and "The Paul O'Grady Show". After nearly 3 years away McQueen went on to Daybreak, Loose Women and The One Show to promote her new single with Susan Boyle.

</doc>
<doc id="18995508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995508" title="Harmonie Centre">
Harmonie Centre

The Harmonie Centre, also known as the Breitmeyer-Tobin Building, is an eight-story commercial building located at 1308 Broadway Street (at the corner of Broadway and Gratiot) in Detroit, Michigan. It is part of the Broadway Avenue Historic District. It is also known as the Tobin Building. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The "east necklace" of downtown links Grand Circus and the stadium area to Greektown along Broadway. The east neckace contains a sub-district sometimes called the "Harmonie Park District," which has taken on the renowned legacy of Detroit's music from the 1930s through the 1950s and into the present.
History.
The Breitmeyer-Tobin Building was built for John Breitmeyer Sons, Florists, who were at the time the leading florists in Detroit. The firm's president, Philip Breitmeyer, served as the mayor of Detroit from 1909-1911.
In 1926, the ownership of the building was transferred to the Peninsular Bank Company, and the building was renamed the Peninsular Bank Building. The bank failed, and ten years later, in the depths of the Great Depression, the building was 75% unoccupied; the main tenant was the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, who occupied the top floor. Metropolitan was notable for its willingness to write small insurance policies for African-Americans. At around the same time, the owners of the building opened up office space to rental by African-Americans; the building was one of the first downtown to do so.
In 1944, Benjamin Tobin acquired the building, renamed it the Breitmeyer-Tobin Building, and marketed the office space to black professionals. Notable African-American firms had offices in the building, including the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters (the largest Black union in America at the time); the law firm of Loomis, Jones, Piper and Colden; attorney Harold Bledsoe; optometrists William H. and Lloyd Lawson; and future judges Damon Keith and Hobart Taylor Jr.
The building has recently been refurbished, with commercial space on the first floor and various offices in the upper floors.
Description.
The eight-story building is an unusual Beaux-Arts building from the turn of the century. It includes glazed terra cotta elements.

</doc>
<doc id="18995529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995529" title="Thinaia">
Thinaia

Thinaia () is a community on the island of Kefalonia, Greece. It is located on the northeast side of the Gulf of Argostoli. The community consists of the villages Kardakata, Kontogourata and Petrikata. 
This rural village was once mainly a farming community, where peasants, under the Venetian occupation of the island, worked small terrace plots scattered on the slope of the mountain above and next to the village.
The 1953 Ionian Earthquake destroyed the village, which was spread along the slopes up to 350 metres. The army rebuilt a new one, but concentrated the rebuilding along the main road at approximately 200 m above sea level, thus creating a rather stretched out community compared to the old one.
Many villagers have emigrated to other parts of the world, and therefore the village has become very quiet in winter and only sees an expansion in summer time, when first, second and third generation families return for a visit.
Recently the village has attracted the interest of a historical research team from the UK, which is searching for the site of Odysseus' home and palace. Confirmation of such a theory will have a great impact on the area of Thinaia and especially Kontogourata where the bulk of the research is concentrated.
Events.
St. Panteleimon is greatly honoured annually on 27 July. Kontogourata holds a feast in honour of the saint at the schoolyard annex. The day starts with a service at the local church and in the evening the traditional dinner, drink and dancing goes on throughout the night.
Environment.
Environmental issues have touched the village in recent years. Aside from the danger of fires, often the result of arson by locals, the main concern has now focused on the quality of the water in Argostoli Gulf as a result of many years of operations of fish farms and the non proper use of sewage handling facilities. 
Agios Sotiras, called locally "Sotiras", is a small officially recognised beach directly below the slopes of the village and adjacent to Stefani beach, which is only to be reached by swimming from "Sotira" or by boat, are now both polluted with algae and a decaying ecosystem. Normally fish farms should operate in open sea so that the sea currents clean the food and tons of remains that are produced by this industry.
Legal action has been taken by the local population in order to stop further operations of the fish farms which have received EU public funding through the EU structural funds. Concerns for marine life and the bay's ecosystem due to its closed natural character, have prompted complaints to environmental agencies, the E.C. and the European Parliament. However, according to existing law in Greece, all of the responsibility of control and sanctions fall within the jurisdiction of the Prefecture of Kefalonia. Recently the local organisations won a very important battle in their 15-year-old efforts to highlight this important environmental issue. The "Symboulio ths Epikrateias", one of the most high ranking Greek Courts, has delivered a verdict in favour of the organisations by stating that "there has never been any study or decision to have fish farms operate in the Bay of Argostoli. This decision is binding and the prefecture needs to implement it immediately by allocating other areas outside the Bay for fish farming.
Representatives from the fish farms have accused local organisations of trying to close down a profitable business and make workers lose their jobs. Thus directing anger of the local workers against those who are striving to protect the environment and keep our cultural and natural heritage. 
The Gulf of Argostoli should slowly develop into a natural protected bay where only small-scale development, based on energy-saving techniques and even perhaps the creation of a zero-emissions village. Emphasis based on private initiatives and the re-introduction of local products such as wine, olive oil and almonds are possible with good planning and hard work. A sustainable and environmentally friendly economic development plan will generate jobs and revitalise the region.

</doc>
<doc id="18995534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995534" title="Kim Tae-gyun">
Kim Tae-gyun

Kim Tae-Gyun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18995567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995567" title="Kai Horstmann">
Kai Horstmann

Kai Horstmann (born 21 September 1981) is an English rugby union player who plays for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership. He formerly played for Worcester Warriors and Harlequins.
Horstmann joined Worcester Warriors from Harlequins in May 2005. In April 2012 it was announced that his contract would not be renewed. In May 2012, he signed a two year contract at Exeter.
Horstmann was a firm favourite of both the players and supporters and was voted players player-of-the-year in the 2005–06 and 2006–07 seasons and managed a double in 2008–09 when he was voted both Club player-of-the-year and Players player-of-the-year. Horstmann Captained Worcester n the 2011–12 season but injury meant he missed a lot of games.
Horstmann plays as number eight or flanker, and has represented the England Saxons for the Churchill Cup tour of North America in July 2006. He was also a member of the IRB World Sevens Series squad in 2003–04 season.
The Number Eight made his 150th appearance for the club during the 2010/11 season, a year when he was named vice captain and captained the side in the absence of Chris Pennell.

</doc>
<doc id="18995588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995588" title="Free – Live at the BBC">
Free – Live at the BBC

Free / Live at the BBC (2006) is a 2006 album by the band Free.

</doc>
<doc id="18995600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995600" title="Randolph George">
Randolph George

The Right Reverend Randolph Oswald George has been the Bishop of Guyana since 1980. Born in 1924 and educated at Codrington College, Barbados, after a curacy at "St Peter Barbados" he spent a decade in England. Successively he was Curate at Leigh, Ardwick and Lavender Hill before returning to become Chaplain to the Bishop of Trinidad. From there he became Rector of Couva then "All Saints, Port of Spain" before being elected to the Deanery of the Anglican Diocese of Guyana in 1971. Promoted to be the Suffragan Bishop of "Stabroek" in 1976, four years later he became Bishop -a position he held until 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18995612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995612" title="Gustav Renwick">
Gustav Renwick

Major Gustav Adolph Renwick (1883–1956) was a British industrialist, greyhound and racehorse owner and Conservative politician.
He was born in 1883, and was the fourth son of Sir George Renwick, 1st Baronet. He was educated at Giggleswick School before succeeding his father as chairman of the Manchester Dry Docks Company. He became managing director of Fisher Renwick Manchester-London Steamers Limited and a director of Scammell Lorries Limited.
In 1907 He married Mabel Deuchar, and they had one son. The family home was Holysone Grange, Sharperton, near Morpeth, Northumberland. Renwick was a large landowner and worked to conserve the Coquet Valley near his home.
His sporting interests dated from 1906, when he first competed at coursing events. He became a breeder of greyhounds and one of his dogs, "Holystone Lifelong", won the Waterloo Cup in 1953. He became a racehorse owner in 1950.
From 1931 to 1935 Renwwick was National Conservative Member of Parliament for the Stretford constituency.
Gustav Renwick died in hospital in Newcastle upon Tyne on 10 September 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="18995622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995622" title="Queen's Medal for Champion Shots">
Queen's Medal for Champion Shots

The Queen's Medal for Champion Shots (in some Commonwealth realms) and the Queen's Medal for Champion Shot (in Canada; ) is a military decoration awarded to the champions of various shooting competitions throughout the Commonwealth realms. This is the only shooting medal that can be worn with uniform.
Design.
Designed by Bruce W. Beatty, the Canadian medal takes the form of a disc with a raised edge. On the obverse is a crowned effigy of Queen Elizabeth II circumscribed by the Latin words "ELIZABETH II DEI GRATIA REGINA • CANADA" (Elizabeth II, by the Grace of God, Queen • Canada), symbolizing her roles as both fount of honour and Commander-in-Chief of the Canadian Forces. The reverse features, rising from a throne, a left-facing, female figure in flame bearing, in her left hand, a horn and, in her right, a laurel wreath. Adjacent is a standing, right-facing, male warrior with left foot resting on the throne dais, supporting on his bent knee a target with three arrows through its centre and holding, in his right hand, a bow and arrow filled quiver. Prior to 2002, the medal was joined to a straight suspender by a single-toe claw. After that date, the medal is suspended from a straight slotted bar with a fleur de lis decoration.
This medallion is worn at the left chest, suspended on a 32mm wide ribbon coloured with a central vertical stripe in dark crimson, bordered on both sides with 9mm black stripes with a 3mm beige stripe in the middele of each. The date the award was received is marked on a bar worn on the ribbon; since 2002, the bars have been sown centred onto the ribbon, whereas, before 2002, they were riveted to the medal's suspension. The medal can be won multiple times, each subsequent award indicated by an additional bar.
Eligibility and allocation.
In the United Kingdom, three Queen's Medal for Champion Shots are awarded: one to a member of either the Royal Marines or the Royal Navy, one to a person in the British Army, and another to an individual in the Royal Air Force. The Operational Shooting Competition is the British Army's competition that decides the Army recipient of the medal. It is held each year as part of the Joint Service Central Skill-at-Arms Meeting. The medal is also available to a winning member of the Jamaican Defence Force and to one in the Royal New Zealand Air Force and another in the New Zealand Army.
Two Queen's Medals for Champion Shot are awarded annually in Canada, one to a member of the regular Canadian Forces regular force and one to a member of either the Royal Canadian Mounted Police or the Canadian Forces Reserve Force. Each must obtain the highest combined scores in stages one and two of the Queen's Medal Competition.
Precedence in each realm.
Some orders of precedence are as follows:
History.
Queen Victoria authorised the creation of the Queen's Medal for Champion Shots on 30 April 1869, intended to be granted to the member of either the British Army or the Royal Navy who demonstrated the best marksmanship. It was formed in silver after attempts at maufacturing it with bronze failed. Sixteen were first cast; however, only 14 were awarded before issuance of the medal ceased in 1883 and was not resurrected until 1923.
By the orders issued by King George V, persons in the militaries of the United Kingdom (those forces stationed in England), Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa (including Rhodesia), and India could compete for the King's Medal for Champion Shots at the annual central meeting, under battle conditions. The list of countries that awarded the medal grew to 12 by the mid-20th century. This number decreased over the ensuing 30 years, however, as countries such as Rhodesia, Ceylon, Pakistan, and India—which were by then republics—stopped issuing the award. Further, some Commonwealth realms replaced the Queen's Medal for Champion Shots with a new and similar medal, such as Australia's Champion Shots Medal, created in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18995632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995632" title="Uncial 070">
Uncial 070

Uncial 070 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 6 (Soden), is a Greek-Coptic diglot uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 6th century. 
Uncial 070 belonged to the same manuscript as codices: 0110, 0124, 0178, 0179, 0180, 0190, 0191, 0193, 0194, and 0202.
The manuscript is very lacunose.
Description.
The codex contains a parts of the Gospel of Luke and Gospel of John, on 44 parchment leaves (37 by 28 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 35 lines per page. The Coptic texts are not completely identical with the Greek. It is written in large, round, not compressed letters, in black ink. Pages have Coptic numbers. It used Spiritus asper, Spiritus lenis, and accents, but often wrongly. There are many itacistic errors.
Probably it was written by Coptic scribe. In Luke 13:21 he wrote βαβουσα instead of λαβουσα, in Luke 13:16 used δεκαι instead of δεκα και. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category III. The Coptic texts are not completely identical with the Greek.
It does not include the Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) in the Coptic text. The Greek text has a lacuna in that place. 
In Luke 23:34 omitted words are "And Jesus said: Father forgive them, they know not what they do." This omission is supported by the manuscripts Papyrus 75, Sinaiticusa, B, D*, W, Θ, 1241, ita, d, syrs, copsa, copbo.
History.
Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Nine leaves of the codex (Luke 12:15-13:32; John 8:33-42), belonged once to Carl Gottfried Woide, who received them from Egypt. They are known as "Fragmentum Woideanum", they were designated by Ta or Twoi and were confused with Codex Borgianus. According to Tregelles they were parts of the same manuscript. J.B. Lightfoot gave a reasons for thinking that this fragment was not originally a portion of Borgianus.
0124 was brought from White Monastery.
Present location.
The codex is divided into 14 parts, but 11 codices, and located in 5 libraries of four cities. 

</doc>
<doc id="18995634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995634" title="Adguri">
Adguri

Adguri is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 4174 living in 804 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 4409, of which 57% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995635" title="Leopoldo Serran">
Leopoldo Serran

Leopoldo Augusto Bhering Serran (May 6, 1942 – 20 August 2008) was a Brazilian screenwriter best known for the 1976 film "Dona Flor and Her Two Husbands", based on the novel by Jorge Amado.
Serran frequently collaborated with directors Carlos Diegues and Bruno Barreto and was considered a major screenwriter of Brazil's "Cinema Novo" movement.
Serran died in Rio de Janeiro of liver cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18995642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995642" title="Summer Fields School, New Delhi">
Summer Fields School, New Delhi

Summer Fields School is a private nursery-through-secondary school in Kailash Colony, New Delhi, India. The school was founded in 1953 by James Douglas Tytler. It is affiliated with the Central Board of Secondary Education, and is a member of the National Progressive Schools' Conference. Summer Fields School is operated under the K. R. Mangalam group of schools. The school's motto is 'Love-Life-Light'. It is one of the best and most sought after schools in Delhi. The school has had a long run and celebrated its Golden Jubilee in the year 2003.
History.
After 1947 DLF Universal began developing the residential areas of south Delhi. During the development of Kailash Colony, to attract people to come and live in this part of Delhi, DLF approached Rev. James Douglas Tytler, an educationist, to start a school in the area. 
He also started the first Delhi Public School (Naveen Bharat School) and Church High School. His work with the refugees was commended by the then Prime Minister of India, Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru. Later on, he and Dr. Zakir Hussain, who was a teacher then, became great friends. His son Jagdish Tytler was the first student to be enrolled in the school.
Sports facilities.
SFS has a sports complex, adjacent to the school premises. The facilities provided are :
House system.
Junior.
Students of class III, IV and V are grouped into six houses:
Each house is headed by a chief warden with 3-4 wardens. Each house is assigned duties to take care of discipline of the school once in each term. There is one boy and girl captain of each house who assist chief warden/wardens of their respective houses in maintaining discipline during assembly time, break time and at the time of departure.
House on duty takes care of Morning Talk and General Topics during the assembly.
Senior.
There are 6 houses in the Senior School:.
Every student on admission is placed in one of these houses.
Each house is headed by one boy and one girl known as house captains who are assisted by house prefects and junior house prefects. A member of the staff assisted by several other teachers acts as the house warden. Each house is on duty for a month. Points are awarded to the house on the basis of display boards, maintenance of discipline, news, thoughts etc. Inter House competitions are organised throughout the year. At the end of the year the house gaining the highest number of points receives the inter-house running trophy “Lakysha”.
Based on the academic performance of the students of each house, the inter-house running trophy ‘Vigya’ is awarded.
The Interact Club.
The Interact Club operates under the guidance of the Rotary Club of Delhi South East. The aim of the club is to give the students leadership qualities and relationship skills, by organising inter-school/intra-school competitions or fund raising events and also by sensitising them towards social problems.
The President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer and the board of Directors are chosen by the outgoing board on the basis of an interview.
I.Q.F. Group.
The school has an IQF group, part of a large corporate group called Indus Quality Foundation Ltd. the school group introduces the concept of quality to the students through its improvement projects.

</doc>
<doc id="18995662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995662" title="Argha">
Argha

Argha is a town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 8248 living in 1712 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 5947, of which 60% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995709" title="Arghatos">
Arghatos

Arghatosh is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 4637 living in 887 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 4627, of which 61% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995717" title="Combat operations process">
Combat operations process

Combat operations area - process is undertaken by armed forces during military campaigns, major operations, battles, and engagements to facilitate the setting of objectives, direction of combat, and assessment of the operation plan's success.
The basic model of the combat operations area process includes five phases that seek to acquire targets and objectives, allocate and orient appropriate forces for successful engagement of the enemy, make decisions about doctrinal approach to the engagement, execute the plan by engaging in combat, and conduct post-combat intelligence assessment of the success or failure of the operation's plan.

</doc>
<doc id="18995731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995731" title="Asurkot">
Asurkot

Asurkot is a village in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the village had a population of 2500 living in 434 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 2464, of which 58% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995749" title="Balkot, Lumbini">
Balkot, Lumbini

Balkot is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 4283 living in 858 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 4532, of which 63% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995763" title="Bangi, Nepal">
Bangi, Nepal

Bangi is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 4171 living in 858 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 5382, of which 59% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995765" title="Riser card">
Riser card

A riser card is a printed circuit board that picks up a multitude of signal lines (often bused) via a single connector (usually an edge connector) on a mainboard and distributes them via dedicated connectors on the card.
Riser cards are often used to allow adding expansion cards to a system enclosed in a low-profile case where the height of the case doesn't allow for a perpendicular placement of the full-height expansion card.
A riser card is a board that plugs into the system board and provides additional slots for adapter cards. 
Because it rises above the system board, it enables you to connect additional adapters to 
the system in an orientation that is parallel to the system board and save space within the system case.
Applications.
Riser cards are used in Rackmount server and industrial computer applications. In 1U and 2U Rackmount computer systems, riser cards are integrated into the system to allow the addition of feature cards in a horizontal position (instead of a standard vertical position). This is due to the height limitations of a 1U and 2U system which are 1.75" and 3.5" respectively. Typically, a 1U system uses a 1U single slot riser card whereas a 2U system uses a 2U 3 slot riser card.

</doc>
<doc id="18995777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995777" title="Bangla, Nepal">
Bangla, Nepal

Wangla is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 5142 living in 1033 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 5380, of which 66% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995796" title="Bhagavathi, Nepal">
Bhagavathi, Nepal

Bhagavathi is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 4418 living in 842 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 4543, of which 59% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995808" title="Chris Brock">
Chris Brock

Terrence Christopher Brock (February 5, 1970), is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He played six seasons in the majors from - for the Atlanta Braves, San Francisco Giants, Philadelphia Phillies, and Baltimore Orioles. He also played one season in Japan for the Hiroshima Toyo Carp in . 
In the two-year period Brock was with the Phillies, he complained to then Phillies GM Ed Wade that revered broadcaster Harry Kalas should not be allowed to fly in the back of the team's charter flights with the players. Wade actually asked Kalas to stop sitting in the back of the airplane, and Kalas complied for two days. However, he returned quickly, as the rest of the players loved having Kalas in the back of the plane.
In 2002, his only season with the Orioles, he went 2–1 with a 4.70 earned run average in 22 relief appearances. He was released on October 1, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18995813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995813" title="Extragraffitti">
Extragraffitti

Extragraffiti is an EP released by American rock band Extreme in Japan only, following the release of their successful album "Pornograffitti" on August 7, 1990.
The EP was originally released as a 6-track EP featuring 5 previously released songs (although most of them appear on the EP in edited or remixed form) and a new b-side from "Pornograffitti", entitled "Nice Place To Visit".
The EP was later re-released as a special 3 CDs compilation album, featuring various Extreme demos and B-sides from the band's self-titled album and "Pornograffiti". The third CD of the compilation also featured "Strutter", a Kiss cover originally recorded for a Kiss tribute album.

</doc>
<doc id="18995829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995829" title="Chhatraganj">
Chhatraganj

Chhatraganj is a village in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the village had a population of 2927 living in 578 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 3073, of which 58% was literate. There is a high school named Shree Sarbajanik Ma Vi that was established in 1958 (2015 in the Nepali calendar). It celebrated its golden jubilee year in 2009 (2065 Nepali calendar).

</doc>
<doc id="18995832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995832" title="Rabbit Without Ears">
Rabbit Without Ears

Rabbit Without Ears (German title: Keinohrhasen, lit: No Ear Rabbits), is a 2007 German romantic comedy film, written, produced and directed by Til Schweiger. Co-written by Anika Decker, and starring Nora Tschirner and himself, the story of the film revolves around yellow press reporter Ludo and his ex-classmate Anna, who reconvene after years when he is sentenced to 300 hours of community service at her day-care facility.
Produced by Barefoot Films and Warner Bros., the film premiered in theaters across Germany on 20 December 2007, and became a surprise box-office hit, eventually grossing $74,000,000, mostly from its domestic run. By 20 April 2008, "Keinohrhasen" had reached over six million viewers, ranking it sixth on the list of the most successful German films in Germany since the beginning of the audience census in 1968. Also a critical success, the film was awarded the Goldene Leinwand, a Bogey Award, the Deutscher Comedypreis and a Bambi and received a nomination for the Audience Award at the European Film Awards 2008.
A sequel, entitled "Rabbit Without Ears 2" was released on 3 December 2009.
Plot.
Ludo Decker (Schweiger) is a Berlin based yellow press reporter. With his photographer "Moritz", his daily routine is to spy on celebrities for the tabloid "Das Blatt". He also uses his work for frequent sexual contacts with his objects of interest.
When heavyweight boxer and celebrity Wladimir Klitschko is about to toast his fiancee Yvonne Catterfeld at their engagement party, Ludo and Moritz are on the scene to report about it. Ludo breaks through a glass dome of the party venue, falls into the cake and is subsequently sentenced to 300 hours of community service at a daycare center.
There he meets Anna Gotzlowski (Tschirner), the center's manager. Anna grew up in the same neighborhood as Ludo and used to be picked on and mocked by him. She gets her revenge by appointing him to perform humiliating tasks. Ludo cannot fight this as his parole is at stake. Still, he is interested in one-night stands, and has an affair with a child's mother who frequents the facility.
After a while, the tensions between Anna and Ludo dissipate and the two become friends. When Anna's date with another man goes awry, she appears at Ludo's flat seeking comfort. The two of them end up in bed, yet Anna's hope that this could develop into something more serious is destroyed for the time being. Ludo sees her only as a friend, until Anna soon starts dating actor Jürgen Vogel, whom she meets in a park. After Ludo writes about her attending the German Film Awards ceremony with Vogel, describing her as the most beautiful woman around, he is fired by his editor.
In the end, Ludo realizes that he feels more for Anna than he had previously thought. During a children's festival at a local theatre, he crashes a performance and swears his love to Anna, who sits in the audience with the children. After his discharge from the tabloid paper, he takes up work at Anna's facility.
Soundtrack.
"Music from the Motion Picture" album.
Track listing
The title.
While doing handicraft at the daycare centre, Ludo sews a stuffed rabbit without ears. As Anna criticises him for it, he points at the fact that another rabbit made by the child "Cheyenne-Blue" has no ears as well. Anna thereupon claims that it is a "Keinohrhase", a no-ears rabbit, which is able to hear through its nose. This scene was also used for the first teaser trailer.
A rare earless rabbit born in February 2012 at a zoo in Limbach-Oberfrohna, Saxony was named "Til", in reference to this film's title and its director. The baby rabbit was accidentally crushed when a television cameraman stepped on him, an event that was briefly the subject of international media coverage.
American remake.
In January 2010, Schweiger sold the rights for the US remake of "Keinohrhasen" to Newmarket Entertainment; as he stated he hopes to direct the film and to engage Ben Affleck as leading man.

</doc>
<doc id="18995837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995837" title="Chidika">
Chidika

Chidika is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 3578 living in 697 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 3886, of which 50% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995839" title="Brutal Knights">
Brutal Knights

Brutal Knights are a Canadian punk band formed in 2006 in Toronto. The band has been described as having a "raw" punk rock-and-roll sound reminiscent of early-1980s hardcore. Brutal Knights are also known for their humorous lyrics, written by vocalist Nick Flanagan. Flanagan is also a comedian, and sometimes performs stand-up at their shows. According to Flanagan, guitarist Jon Sharron writes most of the music.
Brutal Knights, along with Fucked Up, Career Suicide, and Terminal State, are part of a burgeoning hardcore punk scene in Toronto which has been the subject of recent attention. In 2006 they were voted "Best Punk Band" by Toronto’s "Now Magazine".
The Brutal Knights played their final show in December 2010, in Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="18995840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995840" title="Ralph Feigin">
Ralph Feigin

Ralph David Feigin (April 3, 1938 – August 14, 2008) was an American pediatrician whose influential book "Textbook of Pediatric Infectious Diseases" was in its sixth printing at the time of his death.
Life and career.
Feigin was born in Manhattan on April 3, 1938.
Education.
He graduated from Columbia University with his A.B. degree in 1958 and followed with his medical degree from Boston University School of Medicine in 1962. He then underwent an internship at Boston City Hospital from 1962–63 and became a resident from 1963-64. He completed his residency at Massachusetts General Hospital in 1965.
Career.
After conducting research for the United States Army from 1965 to 1967, and becoming chief resident of the Children's Service of Massachusetts General Hospital, Feigin was a professor of pediatrics at Washington University in 1968. 
He took a faculty appointment at the Baylor College of Medicine in 1977, and was its President and CEO from 1996 to 2003. He was Chair of the Baylor College of Medicine Department of Pediatrics from 1977-2008. During this time, Feigin led the nation in grants for pediatric studies in 2003 and 2004. Many of these grants were funded by the National Institutes of Health.
Perhaps most notably, Feigin was the Physician-in-Chief at Texas Children's Hospital from 1977 until the time of his death in 2008.
Publications.
Feigin was co-author and editor of numerous textbooks in pediatrics and infectious disease. His most influential works include: "Feigin and Cherry's Textbook of Pediatric Infectious Diseases", "Oski's Pediatrics: Principles and Practice". He was the associate editor for "Pediatrics", the official journal of the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Death.
Feigin, a nonsmoker, died of lung cancer in Houston, Texas. He is survived by his wife Judith Zobel Feigin, Ed.D. and his three children and six grandchildren.
Publications.
He was the editor of Feigin and Cherry's Textbook of Pediatric Infectious Disease.

</doc>
<doc id="18995845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995845" title="Dhakawang">
Dhakawang

Dhakawang is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 6229 living in 1165 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 7042, of which 53% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995874" title="Dhanchaur">
Dhanchaur

Dhanchour is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 3529 living in 648 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 3992, of which 33% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995879" title="Waterloo Township">
Waterloo Township

Waterloo Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18995881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995881" title="Dharapani, Lumbini">
Dharapani, Lumbini

Dharapani is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 5236 living in 1020 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 6455, of which 65% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995887" title="Richard LeBlanc (director)">
Richard LeBlanc (director)

Richard LeBlanc (born 1 July) is a film director and actor from New Brunswick, Canada and currently lives in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, where he works for Air Canada as a flight attendant. His notable works include: "Lipstick", a short comedy LeBlanc wrote and produced, "Ceux-là", a documentary that LeBlanc directed in which explores the issues with race and family.
CUBERS.
LeBlanc is the director of a new documentary called "CUBERS", which is scheduled to be released in November 2008 and will be shown on CBC The Lens, Biography, Access, and three other major television stations. Currently, LeBlanc is set to be at the premiere of his new documentary, "CUBERS" in Halifax, Nova Scotia on 14 September 2008. According to numerous articles on the internet, in which they interview LeBlanc. LeBlanc has stated that he does not know how to solve the Rubik's Cube, but hopes to solve it before the premiere of the film. Richard has also said that he did not intend for the film to become a documentary, instead Richard intended it to become a mockumentary.
LeBlanc is scheduled to do a roughly ten second shoot on the popular CBC show, The Hour, which is hosted by George Stroumboulopoulos. The taping will take place in December 2008.
Other experience.
Although he is known for his film directing more than his acting, LeBlanc is also an accomplished actor. He has acted in numerous independent and student films and played a small role in Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen.
LeBlanc has an honors degree in the Writing and Performance Program of Humber College School of Comedy. His very first work was known as Counting The Days, in which gained him to be a finalist in the Atlantic Film Festival's Scripts Outloud contest in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18995890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995890" title="Dhatiwang">
Dhatiwang

Dhatiwang is a village in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the village had a population of 2100 living in 391 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 2227, of which 70% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995901" title="Dhikura">
Dhikura

Dhikura is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 3996 living in 728 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 4542, of which 62% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995905" title="Dibharna">
Dibharna

Dibharna is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 4490 living in 841 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 6990, of which 56% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995910" title="2003 UCI Track Cycling World Championships">
2003 UCI Track Cycling World Championships

The 2003 UCI Track Cycling World Championships were the World Championship for track cycling. They took place in Stuttgart, Germany from July 30 to August 3, 2003. The championships were due to be held in Shenzhen, China, but were moved to Stuttgart following the 2003 SARS outbreak in China.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18995912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995912" title="73rd Oregon Legislative Assembly">
73rd Oregon Legislative Assembly

The seventy-third Oregon Legislative Assembly was the Oregon Legislative Assembly (OLA)'s period from 2005 to 2006. (The Legislative Assembly is the legislative body of the U.S. state of Oregon, composed of the Oregon State Senate and the Oregon House of Representatives.) There was a regular session in 2005, and a one-day special session on April 20, 2006.
The Senate was controlled by the Democratic Party of Oregon during the 73rd legislature, and the House was controlled by the Oregon Republican Party.
The 2005 regular session was the second longest in Oregon history, lasting 208 days, from January until August.
Two members of the House (Dan Doyle, R-Salem and Kelley Wirth, D-Corvallis) resigned due to unrelated scandals in 2005.
Senators of the 2005 Legislative Session.
Senate President: Peter Courtney (D-11 Salem) <br>
President Pro Tem: Margaret Carter (D-22 Portland)<br>
Majority Leader: Kate Brown (D-21 Portland)<br>
Minority Leader: Ted Ferrioli (R-30 John Day)
Representatives.
Speaker: Karen Minnis (R-49 Wood Village) <br>
Speaker "Pro Tempore": Dennis Richardson (R-4 Central Point) <br>
Majority Leader: Wayne Scott (R-39 Oregon City)<br>
Assistant Majority Leader: Debi Farr (R-14 Eugene)<br>
Assistant Majority Leader: Billy Dalto (R-21 Salem)<br>
Majority Whip: Derrick Kitts (R-30 Hillsboro)<br>
Democratic Minority Leader: Jeff Merkley (D-47 Portland)

</doc>
<doc id="18995926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995926" title="Lifting gas">
Lifting gas

Because of the Archimedes' principle, a lifting gas is required for aerostats to create buoyancy. Its density is lower than that of air (about 1.29 kg/m3, 1.29 g/L). Only certain lighter than air gases are suitable as lifting gases.
Gases that are probably suitable for lifting.
Hot air.
Heated air is frequently used in recreational ballooning. According to the Ideal gas law, an amount of gas (and also a mixture of gases such as air) expands as it is heated. As a result, a certain volume of gas has a lower mass as the temperature is higher. The average temperature of air in a hot air balloon is about .
Hydrogen.
Hydrogen, being the lightest existing gas (14 times less dense than air), seems to be the most appropriate gas for lifting. Moreover, it is very cheap and easy to produce, e.g., by electrolysis of water or by displacement from an acid or water by a reactive metal. But hydrogen has several disadvantages:
Helium.
Helium is the second lightest gas. For that reason, it is an attractive gas for lifting as well.
A major advantage is that this gas is noncombustible. But the use of helium has some disadvantages, too:
Steam / water vapor.
The gaseous state of water is lighter than air, incombustible and much cheaper than helium. The concept of using steam for lifting is therefore already 200 years old. The biggest challenge has always been to make a material that can resist it. In 2003, a university team in Berlin, Germany, has successfully made a 150 °C steam lifted balloon. However, such a design is generally impractical due to high boiling point and condensation.
Ammonia.
Ammonia is sometimes used to fill weather balloons. Due to its high boiling point (compared to helium and hydrogen), ammonia could potentially be refrigerated and liquefied aboard an airship to reduce lift and add ballast (and returned to a gas to add lift and reduce ballast). Ammonia is relatively heavy (0.6 kg/m3), poisonous, and an irritant.
Methane.
Methane, the main component of natural gas, is sometimes used as a lift gas when hydrogen and helium are not available. It has the advantage of not leaking through balloon walls as rapidly as the smaller molecules of hydrogen and helium. However, methane is highly flammable and like hydrogen is not appropriate for use in passenger-carrying airships. It is also relatively dense and a potent greenhouse gas.
Coal gas.
In the past, coal gas, a mixture of hydrogen, carbon monoxide and other gases, was also used in balloons. It was widely available and cheap; the down side was a higher density (reducing lift) and the high toxicity of the carbon monoxide.
Neon.
Neon is lighter than air and could lift a balloon. Like helium, it is incombustible. However, it is rare on Earth and expensive, and is among the heavier lifting gases.
Nitrogen.
Pure nitrogen has the advantage that it is inert and abundantly available, because it is the major component of air. However, because nitrogen is only 3% lighter than air, it is not an obvious choice for a lifting gas. Nevertheless, an aerogel named SEAgel (Safe Emulsion agar gel) has been produced that floats in air if it is filled with pure nitrogen.
Vacuum.
Theoretically, an aerostatic vehicle could be made to use a vacuum or partial vacuum. As early as 1670, over a century before the first manned hot-air balloon flight, the Italian monk Francesco Lana de Terzi postulated a ship with four vacuum spheres.
In a theoretically perfect situation with weightless spheres, a 'vacuum balloon' would be 7% lighter than a hydrogen-filled balloon, and 16% lighter than a helium-filled one. However, because the walls of the balloon must be able to remain rigid without imploding, the balloon is impractical to construct with all known materials. Despite that, sometimes there is discussion on the topic.
Plasma.
Another medium that in theory could be used is a plasma: Ions repelling each other could give a pressure that counteracts the atmospheric pressure. 
But this seems to be extremely impractical, so that it may only be interesting for science fiction.
Combinations.
It is also possible to combine some of the above solutions. A well-known example is the Rozière balloon which combines a core of helium with an outer shell of hot air.
Hydrogen versus helium.
Hydrogen and helium are the most commonly used lift gases. Although helium is twice as heavy as (diatomic) hydrogen, they are both so much lighter than air that this difference is minute. Both provide about 9.8 N of lift (1 newton is the force required to accelerate 1 kg at 1 m/s2) per cubic meter of gas at STP.
The lifting power in air of hydrogen and helium can be calculated using the theory of buoyancy as follows:
The density at sea-level and 0 °C for air and each of the gases is:
Thus helium is almost twice as dense as hydrogen. However, buoyancy depends upon the "difference" of the densities (ρgas) − (ρair) rather than upon their ratios. Thus the difference in buoyancies is about 8%, as seen from the buoyancy equation:
The negative signs indicate that these gases tend to rise in air.
Thus hydrogen's additional buoyancy compared to helium is:
High-altitude ballooning.
At higher altitude, the air pressure is lower and therefore the pressure inside the balloon is lower. That means that while the mass of lifting gas and mass of displaced air for a given lift are the same as at lower altitude, the volume of the balloon is much greater.
A balloon that is designed to lift to extreme heights (stratosphere), must be able to expand enormously in order to displace the required amount of air. That is why such balloons seem almost empty at launch, as can be seen in the photo.
A different approach for high altitude ballooning, especially used for long duration flights is the superpressure balloon.
Submerged balloons.
Because of the enormous density difference between water and gases (water is about 1,000 times more dense than most gases), the lifting power of underwater gases is very strong. The type of gas used is largely inconsequential because the relative differences between gases is negligible in relation to the density of water. However, some gases can liquefy under high pressure, leading to an abrupt loss of buoyancy.
A submerged balloon that rises will expand or even explode because of the strong pressure reduction, unless gas is able to escape continuously during the ascent or the balloon is strong enough to withstand the change in pressure.
Balloons on other celestial bodies.
A balloon can only have buoyancy if there is a medium that has a higher average density than the balloon itself.

</doc>
<doc id="18995936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995936" title="Gorkhunga">
Gorkhunga

Gorkhunga is a village in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the village had a population of 2918 living in 605 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 3358, of which 49% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995944" title="Hansapur, Lumbini">
Hansapur, Lumbini

Hansapur is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 7407 living in 1458 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 8103, of which 53% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995945" title="Watertown Township">
Watertown Township

Watertown Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18995964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995964" title="Ryan Glynn">
Ryan Glynn

Ryan David Glynn (born November 1, 1974) is a pitcher for the Chinese Professional Baseball League's Uni-President 7-Eleven Lions. 
College and MLB Career.
Glynn attended college at the Virginia Military Institute until he was drafted in 1995 by the Texas Rangers in the fourth round. He played parts of five seasons in the majors between and for the Texas Rangers, Toronto Blue Jays, and Oakland Athletics. 
NPB and CPBL Career.
In , Glynn pitched for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles and had a 3.96 ERA. In , he signed with the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters and had a 2.21 ERA. Despite having a 3.64 ERA in , Glynn received little run support and finished with a 7-14 record. On January 7, , he signed a one-yeal deal with the Yokohama BayStars. 
Glynn pitched for the CPBL's Uni-President 7-Eleven lions in . The Lions won the CPBL Championship, and Glynn pitched in the 2011 Asia Series. 

</doc>
<doc id="18995966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995966" title="Jukena">
Jukena

Jukena (जुकेना) is an administration geography called VDC, (local level geo-political division) in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. It is situated at the southern lap of Mahabharat mountain range and stretches toward south and west. It is surrounded by Dhanchaur, Thada, Siddhara and Jaluke VDCs in north, east, south and west consequently. It is adjacent to Western part of Pyuthan district At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 6,647 and had 1435 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18995969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995969" title="Juluke">
Juluke

Jaluke (जलुके) is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 6,142 and had 1242 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18995984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995984" title="Keemadada">
Keemadada

Keemadada is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 5430 living in 1085 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 3514, of which 53% was literate.

</doc>
<doc id="18995987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995987" title="MS Pride of Bruges">
MS Pride of Bruges

MS "Pride of Bruges", originally in service as "Norsun", is a P&O Ferries ship crossing the North Sea between Zeebrugge and Hull.
History.
The ship was built by Nippon Kokan K.K. Tsurumi Yard in Yokohama, Japan. The keel was laid in 1985 and was launched in 1986. Upon completion, the ship entered service in 1987 for Noordzee Veerdiensten or North Sea Ferries, then a joint-venture between Dutch Nedlloyd and British P&O. The first years it sailed on the Rotterdam-Hull route with sister ship , replacing "Norstar" and . The "Norsun" sailed under the Dutch flag and was owned by the Dutch half of the joint-venture, while the "Norsea" was British.
In 1996 ownership transferred to P&O Ferries as Nedlloyd sold its 50% stake to P&O. The ships sailed the Rotterdam route until 2001 when they were replaced by the and the .
In 2002 the ships were transferred to the Zeebrugge-Hull route, again replacing "Norstar" and "Norland". Both ships were internally modernized before entering service on this new route.
Sister Ships.
The "Pride of Bruges" has one sister ship:
In The Media.
The 'MS Pride of Bruges' featured in Episode Three of the BBC Documentary 'Engineering Giants': Ferry Strip-Down, first Broadcast on BBC Two on Sunday 29 July 2012. Its Sister ship, The Pride of York, was also shown.
Sources.
All details obtained from:

</doc>
<doc id="18995989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995989" title="Bratz Girlz Really Rock (video game)">
Bratz Girlz Really Rock (video game)

Bratz Girlz Really Rock is a video game of the Bratz franchise. This game based on the doll line and film of the same name.
Gameplay.
Gameplay of Bratz Girlz Really Rock follows on from the seris. Four playable characters (Cloe, Sasha, Jade and Yasmin). Blingz do not appear in this game however are still rewarded after completing a task, they still act as money for buying items with. The phone has changed in this game with a new look, including a new mobile phone menu, you can still read messages, as well as use the home feature, however finding out your objectives can only be accessed through messages send to you. The player can again adopt a pet (cat or dog), however in this game players have to find pets to adopt them, once you find your first pet, your pet finds other pets to which you can choose to adopt. Your pet can also find photoshoot positions to create a photoshoot with. Characters coins do not appear in this game.
New features in the game include being able to sky dive, play golf, learn to dance, play the keyboard and the guitar, as well as a more expressive fashion designing studio. The ice rink was not included in this game. This game includes only two locations to explore, Stylesville - which has been remade and unlike other games in the seris Danceheaven Plaza is not included in the game. Camp Starshine is the other location to explore where most of the story takes place.
Key Features.
Characters:
Yasmin, Cloe, Sasha, Jade, Kumi, Koby, Bryce, Kaycee, Siernna, Eitan, Katia, Phoebe, 
Roxxi, Kirstee, Vinessa, Cade, Cameron, Liona, Dylan & Anna
Reviews.
The game has received mixed reviews. Varying from each platform. The most positive was towards the Wii edition. The PS2 version was met with more average reviews. However they felt that the Wii and PS2 versions were too short, repetitive and dealt too much with button combinations in learning songs and dance moves. While the DS version was met with mixed to negative reviews. Stating that they felt the game was repetitive and just wasn't interesting enough to play through. 

</doc>
<doc id="18995995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995995" title="Watson Township">
Watson Township

Watson Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18995997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18995997" title="Khan, Nepal">
Khan, Nepal

Khan is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,925 and had 760 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18996000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996000" title="John Mitchels">
John Mitchels

John Mitchels GAA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18996004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996004" title="Khanchikot">
Khanchikot

Khanchikot is a VDC in Arghakhanchi District. The district lies in the Lumbini Zone of Western Nepal. During 1991 Nepal census it was estimated to have a total population of 4,628 individuals and had 930 houses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18996008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996008" title="Khandaha">
Khandaha

Khandaha is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,206 and had 659 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18996013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996013" title="Khidim">
Khidim

Khidim is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,394 and had 654 houses in the town.
References.
There is a high school named Shree pharshawa takura higher secundry school
khulaule

</doc>
<doc id="18996020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996020" title="Khilji, Nepal">
Khilji, Nepal

Khilji is a village in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,883 and had 546 houses in the village.
References.
http://www.nepgis.com/VDC%20Map/detail%20vdc%20map/arghakanchi/Khilji.html

</doc>
<doc id="18996029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996029" title="Passe-passe">
Passe-passe

Passe-passe is a 2008 French film directed and written by Tonie Marshall.

</doc>
<doc id="18996030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996030" title="Exertris">
Exertris

Exertris was an exergaming company founded in 2000 by Gareth Davies. Their flagship product was the Exertris Interactive Exercise Bike, an exercise bike that uses several built in video games to motivate users.
The bike.
Davies, a Ph.D physicist and a keen fitness enthusiast, invented the Exertris Interactive Exercise Bike to solve the motivation problem with respect to cardiovascular exercise. Observing that traditional exercise bikes simply discarded the energy input of the cyclist as waste heat and sound, he conceived of a system to put the cyclist's energy to use as well as giving direct feedback of their performance.
The Exertris system combined the addictive qualities of video games with the health benefits of exercise. Unlike previous attempts to 'virtualise' cycling, few of the games on the Exertris bike bore any resemblance to cycling. Instead, the cyclist's energy was virtualised and this virtual energy used to power elements of the games, all of which were designed specifically for the platform. The games also controlled the cycle's resistance in theme with the games. 
The Exertris bike was one of the first Windows XP Embedded systems in the world. Bill Gates show-cased the Exertris bike at the Consumer Electronics Show 2003 during his keynote speech. The Exertris bike was also featured on BBC's "Tomorrow's World" in 2002 and televised on the show again the following year when Davies was nominated for the Tomorrow's World Innovation Awards.
Features.
The bike incorporated a gaming platform, an LCD screen, a gamepad and an arm-rest with a patented system that simultaneously raised the screen and arm-rest when the seat was raised ensuring correct posture in a single movement. The system was covered by two other patents: one for a motivational system to convert cycle speed into a virtual energy; a second covered the gearboxed resistance unit that dispensed with the need for a large, separate flywheel.
The bike also had a 'manual' mode which allowed it to operate as a standard exercise bike, complete with a simulated LED control panel.
Games.
The Exertris Bike originally shipped with four games:
In a later release of the bike's software two more games were added:
Demise.
Although the Exertris Bike was received enthusiastically by consumers and press alike, economic factors at the time led to financial problems early on. The high manufacturing cost of the bike at low volumes combined with a poor funding environment following the dotcom bust and 9/11 meant the company never achieved profitable status and was forced to close in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18996031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996031" title="David Liddiment">
David Liddiment

David Liddiment (born 20 September 1952) is a non-executive director of the independent production company All3Media, the largest independent production house in the UK. He is also an associate of The Old Vic Theatre Company and a member of the BBC Trust, the governing body of the British Broadcasting Corporation.
Formerly director of programmes and channels at ITV (1997–2002), he was also head of entertainment at the BBC (1993–95). His programme commissions included "Pop Idol", "Fat Friends", and "Men Behaving Badly". While working for Granada Television he was an executive producer on "Coronation Street" (1987–91). 
In 2003 Liddiment was presented with the Royal Television Society's Gold Medal for outstanding services to television.
On 1 November 2006 Liddiment was appointed as one of the founding members of the BBC Trust, which along with a formal Executive Board replaced the former BBC Board of Governors as the governing body of the BBC. His term expires on 31 October 2010. Liddiment chairs the Trust's Audiences and Performance Committee, which monitors the performance of all of the BBC's public services (television, radio and online).

</doc>
<doc id="18996033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996033" title="Arlene Semeco">
Arlene Semeco

Arlene Iradie Semeco Arismendi (born January 11, 1984 in Caracas) is a female freestyle swimmer from Venezuela, who represented her native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2004. She won two gold medals at the 2007 Pan American Games. She attended the University of Alabama.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18996038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996038" title="List of mammals of Pennsylvania">
List of mammals of Pennsylvania

This list of mammals in Pennsylvania consists of 67 species currently believed to occur wild in the state. This excludes feral domesticated species.
Several species recently lived wild in Pennsylvania, but are now probably extinct. They are the marsh rice rat, "Oryzomys palustris"; gray wolf, "Canis lupus"; marten, "Martes americana"; wolverine, "Gulo gulo"; badger, "Taxidea taxus"; mountain lion, "Felis concolor"; lynx, "Lynx lynx"; moose, "Alces alces"; and bison, "Bison bison".
Opossums.
Order: Didelphimorphia
Family: Didelphidae
One species of opossum occurs in Pennsylvania.
Shrews and Moles.
Order: Soricomorpha
Family: Soricidae
7 species of shrews occur in Pennsylvania.
Order: Soricomorpha
Family: Talpidae
3 species of moles occur in Pennsylvania.
Bats.
Order: Chiroptera
Family: Vespertilionidae
12 species of evening bats occur in Pennsylvania.
Rabbits and hares.
Order: Lagomorpha
Family: Leporidae
3 species of rabbits and hares occur in Pennsylvania.
Rodents.
Order: Rodentia
Family: Castoridae
One species of beaver occurs in Pennsylvania.
Order: Rodentia
Family: Myocastoridae
One species of porcupine occurs in Pennsylvania.
Order: Rodentia
Family: Dipodidae
2 species of jumping mice occur in Pennsylvania.
Order: Rodentia
Family: Cricetidae
9 species of voles and New World rats and mice occur in Pennsylvania.
Subfamily Arvicolinae (lemmings, voles, and muskrat)
Subfamily Neotominae (North American rats and mice)
Order: Rodentia
Family: Muridae
3 species of Old World rats and mice occur in Pennsylvania.
Order: Rodentia
Family: Sciuridae
8 species of squirrels, chipmunks, and marmots occur in Pennsylvania.
Subfamily Sciurinae (tree squirrels and flying squirrels)
Subfamily Xerinae (chipmunks and ground squirrels)
Carnivorans.
Order: Carnivora
Family: Felidae
One species of cat occurs in Pennsylvania.
Order: Carnivora
Family: Canidae
3 species of canids occurred in Pennsylvania.
Order: Carnivora
Family: Ursidae
One species of bear occurs in Pennsylvania.
Order: Carnivora
Family: Mephitidae
2 species of skunks occur in Pennsylvania.
Order: Carnivora
Family: Mustelidae
6 species of weasels occur in Pennsylvania.
Order: Carnivora
Family: Procyonidae
One species of raccoon occurs in Pennsylvania.
Hoofed mammals.
Order: Artiodactyla
Family: Cervidae
2 species of deer and elk occur in Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18996066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996066" title="Katja Boh">
Katja Boh

Katja Boh (1929–2008) was a Slovenian sociologist, diplomat and politician.
Early life and career.
She was born in a wealthy middle class family in Ljubljana, Kingdom of Yugoslavia (now the capital of Slovenia). Her father was an Austrian Jew who had converted to Roman Catholicism, her mother was Slovene. During World War II, she was imprisoned by the Nazis. In 1946 she got engaged to Ljubo Sirc who later became a famous economist. The same year, however, Sirc was imprisoned by the Communist regime and triled at the so-called Nagode trial. Due to Sirc's long confinement and later exile, their engagement failed. 
She had 2 stepchildren (Maja and Ali Boh)and a daughter Katja Boh - Cerjak from her marriage to dr. Boh.
She studied sociology at the University of Ljubljana and obtained her PhD in 1974. She dedicated herself to the study of family patterns, becoming one of the leading European experts in the field.
Involvement in politics.
A decided supporter of human rights and political pluralism, she became involved in politics during the Slovenian spring in the 1980s. She was among the co-founders of the Slovenian Social Democratic Party in 1989, together with Jože Pučnik, Matjaž Šinkovec and France Tomšič.
After the victory of the DEMOS coalition in the first free elections in Slovenia in April 1990, she became the Minister for Health in Lojze Peterle's cabinet. She remained in office until 1991, when she was appointed as the first Slovenian ambassador to Austria. She remained in Vienna until 1997 when she retired. She remained an advisor to the Slovenian Democratic Party, and was one of the co-authors of the party's programm on social issues for the 2004 parliamentary elections.
She was also an active member of the International Paneuropean Union.
She died in August 2008 in Ljubljana and was buried in the Žale cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18996072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996072" title="Sally Worboyes">
Sally Worboyes

Sally Worboyes (née Lipka) is a renowned British author and playwright, who was born in Stepney, London. 
She has since moved to Norfolk, where she lives with her husband (with whom she has three children.)
She has written several plays which have been broadcast on Anglia Television and Radio Four. She also adapted her own play and novel, WILD HOPS, as a musical, THE HOP-PICKERS. Her work is now published by the Orion Publishing Group.
List of Published Works.
"Novels"
Wild Hops (1994)
Docker's Daughter (1995)
The Dinner Lady (1996)
Red Sequins (1996)
Keep on Dancing (1997)
Down Stepney Way (1999)
Over Bethnal Green (2000)
At the Mile End Gate (2001)
Whitechapel Mary (2001)
Banished from Bow (2002)
The Girl from Brick Lane (2002)
Down by Tobacco Dock (2003)
Where Sparrows Nest (2003)
Jamaica Street (2004)
Time Will Tell (2004)
Room for a Lodger (2006)
Lipstick and Powder (2007)
Handbags and Gladrags (2008)
Valentine Moon (2009)
"Non-Fiction"
East End Girl: My Cockney Childhood
"Plays"
The Hop-Pickers 
The House Plant (1995) (For BBC Radio Four)

</doc>
<doc id="18996079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996079" title="Luigi Mussini">
Luigi Mussini

Luigi Mussini (19 December 1813–18 June 1888) was an Italian painter, linked especially to the Purismo movement and to the Nazarenes.
Life.
Mussini was born in Berlin, son of the composer Natale Mussini, "Kapellmeister" at the Prussian court, and his wife Giuliana, musician and singer, daughter of the composer Giuseppe Sarti. He studied at the Accademia delle Belle Arti in Florence under Pietro Benvenuti and Giuseppe Bezzuoli. He began working with his older brother, Cesare Mussini, who had also trained at the Academy.
In 1840 he obtained a study grant which enabled him to spend four years in Rome studying painting. He was inspired by the masters of the Quattrocento and in 1844 he opened a school in Florence, where among his students were Silvestro Lega and Michele Gordigiani.
In 1848 he joined as a patriotic volunteer in the First Italian War of Independence. Disillusioned by the unhappy outcome, he withdrew to Paris, where he frequented the studios of Ingres, Jean-Hippolyte Flandrin, William Haussoullier and other artists.
In 1852 he move to Siena to teach at that city's Academy of Fine Arts, where his pupils included, Angelo Visconti, Amos Cassioli, Cesare Maccari, Pietro Aldi and Alessandro Franchi (painter).
Mussini's wife Luigia Mussini-Piaggio, also a painter, died in labor in 1865 giving birth to their daughter Luisa Mussini who became the wife (and assistant) in 1893 of her father's former pupil Alessandro Franchi.
Among his works are:

</doc>
<doc id="18996084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996084" title="Shadow Warriors (1996 book)">
Shadow Warriors (1996 book)

Shadow Warriors: the covert war in Korea is a non-fiction book written by William B. Breuer published by John Wiley & Sons in 1996. It describes various clandestine operations performed by the Allies/Western forces during the Korean War.

</doc>
<doc id="18996126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996126" title="Charles Kensington Salaman">
Charles Kensington Salaman

Charles Kensington Salaman (March 3, 1814 - June 23, 1901) was a British pianist and composer.
Salaman was born and died in London. His music teachers included Charles Neate and William Crotch, and he became a member of the Royal Academy of Music at the age of ten. He studied in Paris under Henri Herz, and returned to London in 1830. He later founded the Musical Society of London. Many of his compositions are musical settings of religious texts. He also wrote "Jews as They Are" (1885), with the intention of dispelling common myths about Judaism.
Salaman adapted "He that Shall Endure to the End" from Mendelssohn's Elijah as a setting for Psalm 93 (Adonai Malakh), sung on most Friday nights in the sabbath eve service of the London Spanish & Portuguese Jewish community.

</doc>
<doc id="18996131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996131" title="Germany–Iraq relations">
Germany–Iraq relations

German-Iraqi relations are foreign relations between Germany and Iraq. Iraq has an embassy in Berlin, while Germany has an embassy in Baghdad. 
There are currently some 84,000-150,000 Iraqis living in Germany.
History of relations.
Relations with GDR (East Germany).
Iraq had full diplomatic recognition to the GDR, being the only non-communist regime to do so at the time. Iraq's full diplomatic recognition of East Germany and Foreign Minister Otto Winzer's acknowledgement of that recognition were announced in Neues Deutschland on 2 May 1969. The Iraqi decision did not come entirely as a surprise, following as it did the extended visit by Foreign Minister Abdul Karim al-Shaykhli to the Soviet Union and East Germany from 20 to 31 March 1969, in which as a result of this visit, discussions amounted to both countries tightening relations and taking further "steps for deepening cooperation in political, economic and cultural fields." Iraq had thus become the fourteenth state to fully recognize East
Germany (in addition to the thirteen "socialist" states) and the first of the non-aligned or "third" world nation to make
this decision.
During the Baath Party Congress in Bagdad in early February 1969, recognition of East Germany was loudly demanded for the first time, and thereafter Foreign Minister Otto Winzer warmly greeted his Iraqi counterpart both in Bagdad and in East Berlin. In an interview given to the East German weekly Horizont, where the head of the Iraqi state, Hassan El-Bakr, stated:
""Aside from the fact that we are two socialist republics and have common aims, we recall with pride and joy the attitude taken by the GDR in condemning aggression, in supporting the Arab cause, and we remember the fact that the GDR does not maintain any relations with the aggressor, and that it combats imperialism and colonialism. Again, we have to thank the GDR for this attitude."" [http://files.osa.ceu.hu/holdings/300/8/3/text/25-5-246.shtml]
The thanks had been made in the form of statehood recognition.
Concerning East German-Iraqi trade, at that time, Iraqi exports to the whole Eastern Bloc amount only to one half of its exports to the Federal Republic. In 1968, West Germany imported Iraqi crude oil valued at 184 million marks, in addition to other imports for 2 million marks. West German exports at that same time amounted to 81 million marks, with a regressive tendency since East Germany was increasingly exporting to Iraq.
Economic relations.
Iraq was historically a strong partner for Germany, and in the 1980s bilateral trade reached four billion euros (6.4 billion dollars) a year. [http://www.iraqupdates.com/p_articles.php/article/34160]
Estimates for 2006 put imports from Iraq at EUR 13.5 million and exports to Iraq at EUR 368.4 million. Between February 2006 and February 2007, Germany imported approx. 66,000 t of crude oil from Iraq. Iraq thus accounted for 0.05% of Germany’s total crude oil imports and ranked 26th among Germany’s suppliers of crude oil.
In June 2008, a German-Iraqi economic commission was resuscitated for the first time since 1987, under the oversight of Economy Minister Michael Glos to Baghdad and Iraqi Industry Minister Fawzi al-Hariri.
Current relations.
Germany along with China, Russia, France, and Belgium, steadfastly countered the proposal for the 2003 Invasion. After the Gulf War in 1990/91 and during the period of occupation after the fall of Saddam Hussein's regime, diplomatic relations had been continued to a limited degree.

</doc>
<doc id="18996146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996146" title="Maidan, Nepal">
Maidan, Nepal

Maidan is a village development committee in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,474 and had 792 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18996171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996171" title="Mareng">
Mareng

Mareng is a village development committee in the Arghakhanchi District of the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,102 and had 782 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18996213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996213" title="Vanessa García">
Vanessa García

Vanessa García Vega (born July 18, 1984 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) is an Olympic and National Record holding freestyle swimmer from Puerto Rico. She swam for her native country at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics. 
García's bronze medal at the 2007 Pan American Games was Puerto Rico's only swimming medal at the Games. 
At the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games, García set the Games Records in winning the 50 and 100 frees.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18996214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996214" title="Kentucky Warriors">
Kentucky Warriors

The Kentucky Warriors are an American Basketball Association team based in Corbin, Kentucky. The teams owner is James "Jimbo" Collins who is also the founder of the Warrior Fighting Challenge. The team will begin in play in December 2008 at the National Guard Armory in Somerset, Kentucky.
The Warriors have announced they WILL NOT play in the 2008-2009 season. The team's website is gone and their future is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18996223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996223" title="Kevin Hickey">
Kevin Hickey

Kevin John Hickey (February 25, 1956 – May 16, 2012), was an American left-handed pitcher who spent six seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the Chicago White Sox (1981–1983) and Baltimore Orioles (1989–1991). It was with the White Sox that he was a reliever with the American League (AL) West titlist in 1983 and a batting practice pitcher for the 2005 World Series Champions.
Hickey was born on February 25, 1956 in Chicago's South Side and was raised in the Brighton Park neighborhood. He first attended St. Rita of Cascia High School on a basketball scholarship, but was expelled for excessive truancy. He completed his secondary education at Thomas Kelly High School.
In August 1978, Hickey attended an open tryout held by the White Sox at Chicago's McKinley Park. Hickey was recruited after a staffer saw him playing 16" softball for the Bobcats at Kelly Park. He was the only player out of 250 to receive a contract, signing a minor league deal for $500 a month.
Hickey was one of several former major league players to appear in the baseball film "Major League II", which was released in 1994. In it, he played the role of "Schoup".
After Hickey's retirement as a player, he worked as a car salesman in Columbus, Ohio for almost ten years. He then moved back to Chicago to live with his mother, and in 2003, the White Sox hired him to be their batting practice pitcher. He continued to work in that capacity for the rest of his life. On April 5th, 2012, he was found unresponsive in his hotel room in Arlington, Texas. Hickey died on May 16, 2012. He was 56.

</doc>
<doc id="18996224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996224" title="Harriet Phipps">
Harriet Phipps

Harriet Lepel Phipps, VA (1841 – 7 March 1922) was a confidential attendant of Queen Victoria.
Harriet was the younger daughter of Sir Charles Beaumont Phipps, a courtier and confidant of the Queen, as Keeper of the Privy Purse. Harriet was appointed Maid of Honour in Ordinary to the Queen on 3 March 1862 (giving her the courtesy rank of a baron's daughter), and later served as a Woman of the Bedchamber from 1889 until Victoria's death. She was decorated with the Royal Order of Victoria and Albert, 4th class.
Phipps was used by the Queen to carry out confidential errands, and had access to many secrets, which she faithfully kept. Her papers were destroyed upon her death. Marie Mallet, a fellow lady of the bedchamber, found Phipps, as a messenger of instructions from Victoria, somewhat awe-inspiring, but "gay and excellent company and always warm-hearted".
Her 1889 portrait, by John Lavery, is now in the collection of the Glasgow Museums. 

</doc>
<doc id="18996233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996233" title="I Ain't Got Nobody">
I Ain't Got Nobody

"I Ain't Got Nobody" (sometimes referred to as "I'm So Sad and Lonely") is a popular song copyrighted in 1915. Roger Graham (1885–1938) wrote the lyrics, Spencer Williams composed it, and Roger Graham Music Publishing published it. It became a perennial standard, recorded many times over following generations, in styles ranging from pop to jazz to country music.
Attribution.
Chicago and Saint Louis ragtime pianist and blues composer Charles Warfield (1878–1955) claimed to have originally written the song and a copyright dated April 1914 attributes Warfield as the composer, David Young as the lyricist, and Marie Lucas as the arranger. The title of the song is given as "I Ain't Got Nobody and Nobody Cares for Me". Williams's copyright entry from 1916 under a shorter title attributes the composition to Davy Peyton and himself and the lyrics to publisher Roger Graham.
In 1916, Frank K. Root & Co., a Chicago publisher "(né" Frank Kimball Root; 1856–1932), acquired the Craig & Co. copyright, and, later that year, also acquired the Warfield-Young copyright.
Clarence E. Brandon, Sr. and Billy Smythe, both St. Louis musicians, both claim that they wrote the first version, words and music, of "I Ain't Got Nobody, filed 2 copyrights 1911, and published it that same year.
Just a Gigolo/I Ain't Got Nobody medley.
"I Ain't Got Nobody" is best known in a form first recorded by Louis Prima in 1956, where it was paired in a medley with another old standard, "Just a Gigolo". Prima started pairing the songs in 1945 and the idea was revisited in the popular arrangement in a new, jive-and-jumping style, created by Sam Butera for Prima's 1950s Las Vegas stage show. The success of that act gained Prima a recording deal with Capitol Records, which aimed to capture on record the atmosphere of his shows. The first album, titled "The Wildest!" and released in January 1957, opened with "Just a Gigolo/I Ain't Got Nobody", which then became Prima's signature number and helped relaunch his career. David Lee Roth covered the Sam Butera arrangement in 1985, enjoying a sizeable hit for himself. Butera was not credited for the arrangement and was not paid royalties by Roth.
Although the two songs have nothing else in common, the popularity of Prima's combination, further popularised by Roth has led to the mistaken perception by some that the songs are two parts of a single original composition.
Notable use.
Many artists had hit records with the song, starting with Marion Harris in 1916. Famous hit versions in the 1920s included those of Bessie Smith, Fats Waller, and Louis Armstrong. In the 1930s it was a hit for Bing Crosby, the Mills Brothers, Cab Calloway, Wingy Manone, and Chick Webb. Other notable recordings of include those of Emmett Miller, Merle Haggard, Bob Wills, Coleman Hawkins, and Rosemary Clooney.
The song was performed by the Mills Brothers in a 1932 Screen Songs cartoon of the same name.
The chorus of the song is quoted in the Roaring Lion's calypso "The Four Mills Brothers." This song in turn was covered by Van Dyke Parks for his "Discover America" album and performed by Parks with the members of Yellow Magic Orchestra for Haruomi Hosono's birthday tribute concert in 2007.
It was also featured briefly in a Harman and Ising Technicolor cartoon, "Poor Little Me", in 1935.
In the 1956 Warner Brothers cartoon "Napoleon Bunny-Part", the song is listed in a jukebox under the title "I Ain't Got No Head For My Body," performed by "The Guillotineers".
Marty Feldman sings the first few bars in a scene from "Young Frankenstein", where only his character's head appears in a line of skulls, thus making it appear as if he had no body.
Copyrights.
Catalog of Copyright Entries, Part 3, Musical Compositions

</doc>
<doc id="18996236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996236" title="Straßburger">
Straßburger

Straßburger or Strassburger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18996237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996237" title="When the Haar Rolls In">
When the Haar Rolls In

When the Haar Rolls In is an album by James Yorkston.
Released on September 1, 2008 in the UK. "When the Haar Rolls In" is the fourth studio album by Yorkston. The album was released on double 10" vinyl, CD, and in a limited edition discbox set which features the original album in CD and 10" vinyl format, a disc of remixes of Yorkston's songs and a disc of covers of Yorkston's songs.
Norma Waterson, Mike Waterson and Mary Gilhooly feature on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18996259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996259" title="HLA A1-B8 haplotype">
HLA A1-B8 haplotype

HLA A1-B8 (Also:"HL A1,8"; "HL A1,A8"; "HLA A1-Cw7-B8"; "HLA A*01-B*08", "HLA A*0101-B*0801", "HLA A*0101-Cw*0701-B*0801"; "HLA A*01:01-C*07:01-B*08:01") is a multigene haplotype that covers the MHC Class I region of the human major histocompatibility complex on chromosome 6. A multigene haplotype is set of inherited alleles covering several genes, or gene-alleles; common multigene haplotypes are generally the result of identity by descent from a common ancestor (share a recent common ancestor for that segment of the chromosome). Chromosomal recombination fragments multigene haplotypes as the distance to that ancestor increases in number of generations.
The haplotype can be written in an extended form covering the major histocompatibility loci as follows:
HLA A*01:01 : Cw*07:01 : B*08:01
However, there are many other gene-alleles within the haplotype. In Europe A1-B8 is found, generally as part of the HLA A1-B8-DR3-DQ2 haplotype. This haplotype is 4.7 million nucleotides in length and the second longest haplotype identified within the human genome. In Africa A1-B8 and India A1-B8 is associated with other genes and other variants of A*01 and B*08
Disease associations.
Philosophically, A1-B8 is more than just two gene-alleles. These gene-alleles are markers for a haplotype, a stretch of chromosome 6 that contains many gene alleles. In its natural history this haplotype underwent some atypical selection, at the end of the period of evolution it became the predominant haplotypes in North/Western European ancestors. Today however the collection of genes is associated with increased incidences of certain diseases. Despite the fact that the associations have been known almost as long as A1 and "A8" were known, the role of factors affecting disease are still not clear.
A1-B8 and autoimmune diseases.
A1-B8 serotype was associated with a number of diseases as "HL-A"' antigens were first being described. Among these were coeliac disease, autoimmune active chronic hepatitis, myasthenia gravis, Adrenocortical hyperfunction-Cushing's syndrome, primary biliary cirrhosis. However as study sizes increased and D serotypes were described in more detail, the association of these loci moved from the MHC class I loci to the MHC class II loci. Underlying this move was the HLA A1-B8-DR3-DQ2 haplotype, a haplotype that is in acute linkage disequilibrium in the European population. This disequilibrium made it appear that A1 and other class I gene-alleles were disease factors, when these alleles were only attached to a long segment of conserved DNA that had disease associated genes on the other end. In at least 2 diseases, the risk of autoimmune disease extends beyond the class II region of the haplotype.
Systemic lupus erythematosus.
The "HL-A1,8 phenotype" was found to be associated with severe systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) (renal and central nervous system involvement) in Caucasian patients. Two-point haplotype analysis between TNFB(B*01 allele) and HLA show that the allele is in linkage disequilibrium with HLA-A1, Cw7, B8, C4A(Null), DR3, DQ2.5.
Type 1 diabetes.
While type 1 diabetes shows an extended association on the HLA A1-B8-DR3-DQ2 haplotype, the association appears not to extend beyond the HLA-B locus. A recent study of DR3-DQ2/DR4-DQ8 phenotype found that A1-cw7-B8 was actually lower than expected relative to other A-B types, indicating that risk associated genes are located between B8 and DR3. A*0101 appears to alter risk for type 1 diabetes but not Cw7-B8. The type 1 diabetes example shows the inherent difficulty in the use of linkage analysis alone to cipher risk.
A1-B8 and allergic disease.
In "allergic" disease A1,B8 were found to associate with allergic reactions in new-borns. A1, B8 was found increased in children with bronchial asthma and low IgA. However, some of this reaction can be attributed to the linkage of the HLA A1-B8-DR3-DQ2 haplotype to the IgA-less phenotype. A firmer association was found with atopies. A1,B8 where found more frequently in hay fever complicated by asthma or atopia relative to just hay fever. Further asthmatic patients with negative skin tests tended toward higher A1,B8 serotypes.
A1-B8 and infectious disease.
HIV.
In the mid-1980s the association with A1-B8-DR3 and HIV progression appeared shortly after the discover of the virus. A1-B8 associated with more rapid progression to seropositivity, and was strongly associated with a rapid decline in T4 cells and development of HIV-related symptoms within four years of infection. The strongest associations were seen with A1-Cw7-B8 haplotype. C4 (complement 4) produces a null allele at on locus C4AQ. This locus in part of the HLA A1-B8-DR3-DQ2 haplotype (markers are A1, CW7, B8, BfS, C4AQ0, C4B1, DR3, DQ2) therefore one study concluded that C4AQ0 could explain the increased infectivity to HIV. The haplotype was further linked to false-tumor splenomegaly, CD8 lymphocytosis, and high IgG.
Viral hepatitis.
An association was seen between viral hepatitis and HLA-A1. Though, the association of A1 with autoimmune hepatitis with no anti-viral antibody was stronger than with chronic active hepatitis with anti-viral titer. The association with viral hepatitis was subsequently demonstrated and patients with antinuclear antibodies were more likely to have A1-B8-DR3. Currently studies point to association proximal the Cw*0702-B*0801 loci.

</doc>
<doc id="18996271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996271" title="Mica Peak">
Mica Peak

Mica Peak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18996272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996272" title="William Henry Kelson">
William Henry Kelson

William Henry Kelson FRCS FZS (15 August 1862 – 24 January 1940) was an English physician and writer, President of the Hunterian Society, Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons and of the Zoological Society of London.
Early life.
Kelson was born in London. He was educated at Gresham's School, Holt, and from 1880 at the London Hospital (now the Royal London Hospital, where he held the Letheby scholarship. 
Career.
After qualifying as a surgeon, Kelson held various hospital appointments. He was surgeon to the throat and ear department of the City Dispensary, became President of the Laryngological Section and Honorary Secretary to the Otological and Laryngological Sections of the Royal Society of Medicine and President of the Hunterian Society. 
Family.
In 1921, Kelson married Hilda Frances, younger daughter of Arthur W. Lane, of Ealing, but they had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="18996274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996274" title="Anthony Crossley">
Anthony Crossley

Anthony Crommelin Crossley (13 August 1903–15 August 1939) was a British a writer, publisher and Conservative politician.
Crossley was born on 13 August 1903, the only son of Sir Kenneth Irwin Crossley, 2nd Baronet. His father was chairman of Crossley Brothers Limited and Crossley Motors Limited.
In 1916 Crossley enrolled at Eton College, completing his education at Magdalen College, Oxford. His flair for writing both poetry and prose led to his becoming a partner in the publishing house of Christopher's from 1928 to 1935.
In 1927 he married Clare Thomson, daughter of Brigadier A F Thomson, and had two daughters and one son.
Anthony Crossley died, aged 36, when the aircraft in which was travelling crashed into the sea off the Danish coast on 15 August 1939.
Publications.
Crossley published three books of poetry: "Aucassin and Nicolette and Other Poems", "Prophets, Gods and Witches" and "Tragedy under Lucifer". His prose works showed his other interests: "The History of Eton College Hunt", "Chin Wag: The War Records of the Eton Manor Club" and "The Floating Line for Salmon and Sea Trout".
Political career.
In 1931 Crossley was elected one of two Conservative Members of Parliament (MPs) for the two-seat Oldham borough constituency. At the next election in 1935 he was elected as MP for Stretford in south east Lancashire. He remained MP for the area until his death in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="18996276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996276" title="Narapani">
Narapani

Narapani is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,664 and had 873 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18996278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996278" title="John Mitchels GAA (Waterford)">
John Mitchels GAA (Waterford)

John Mitchels GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in Kilmacthomas, County Waterford, Ireland. The club is exclusively dedicated to Gaelic Football Intermediate level.
The club has won the Waterford Senior Football Championship 3 times, 1970, 1973 and 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18996281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996281" title="South Wood County Airport">
South Wood County Airport

South Wood County Airport , also known as Alexander Field, is a public use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) south of the central business district of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
The airport is owned and operated by the City of Wisconsin Rapids, the Village of Port Edwards, the Town of Grand Rapids and the City of Nekoosa.
History.
Alexander Field was built for Nekoosa Edwards Paper Company subsidiary Tri-Cities Airways in October 1928 and named after it's executive John Alexander. Governor Fred R. Zimmerman and Walter J. Kohler opened the airport with an airshow that featured air-to-air refueling. A Ford Trimotor was based at the field and was used for company business and community events. During World War II, the airfield saw service as a National Guard station and POW camp for German prisoners. In 1961 the ownership was transferred to Wood County.
Facilities and aircraft.
South Wood County Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 1,021 feet (311 m) above mean sea level. It has three runways:
For the 12-month period ending August 16, 2006, the airport had 16,130 aircraft operations, an average of 44 per day: 91% general aviation, 9% air taxi and <1% military. At that time there were 49 aircraft based at this airport: 65% single-engine, 4% multi-engine and 31% ultralight.

</doc>
<doc id="18996283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996283" title="Nuwakot, Arghakhanchi">
Nuwakot, Arghakhanchi

Nuwakot is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,127 and had 1158 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18996289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996289" title="The Meaning of Anxiety">
The Meaning of Anxiety

The Meaning of Anxiety is a book by Rollo May. It was published first in 1950 and then again in a revised 1977 edition. The book is notable for questioning fundamental assumptions about mental health and asserts that anxiety in fact aids in the development of an ultimately healthy personality. The revised edition discusses the in-between two and half decades of research on anxiety, especially that of Charles Spielberger. Other researchers and their work mentioned include Richard Lazarus, James Averill, and Seymour Epstein's work among others. May says his views are close to those of H.D. Kimmel, a critic of behaviorists.

</doc>
<doc id="18996294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996294" title="John Rawlins (director)">
John Rawlins (director)

John Rawlins (June 9, 1902 – May 20, 1997) was an American film editor and film director. He directed 44 films between 1932 and 1958. He was born in Long Beach, California and died in Arcadia, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18996301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996301" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 13">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 13

The 13th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located within Chester County and includes the following areas: 

</doc>
<doc id="18996305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996305" title="Wayne Township, Kansas">
Wayne Township, Kansas

Wayne Township, Kansas may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18996311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996311" title="Wayne Township, Missouri">
Wayne Township, Missouri

Wayne Township, Missouri may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18996320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996320" title="Joseph R. Wood">
Joseph R. Wood

Joseph Wood (12 May 1915 – 3 June 2000) was an American composer and music educator.
Life and career.
Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Wood attended Bucknell University from 1932-1934. Afterwords, he began his formal music training at the Juilliard Institute of Musical Arts where he received a diploma in piano performance in 1936. Impressed with his work, the Juilliard School offered him a full four-year Juilliard fellowship from 1936-40. He continued his piano studies with Bernard Wagenear, completing his Bachelors degree in 1949. In 1942 he won first prize for his opera "The Mother" in the Juilliard Opera Competition. On the basis of winning the opera prize he was given a Ditson Award from Columbia University, on which he lived and wrote music for a year. He went on to study composition with Otto Luening at Columbia University. He graduated with a M.A. in music composition in 1950. 
During his time at Juilliard, Wood would periodically take time off from school to pursue other interests. He was the staff composer at the Chekov Theatre Studio in Manhattan from 1939-1941 where he wrote a wide variety of scores for many productions directed by Michael Chekhov. He also worked as a freelance composer and arranger in New York City from 1941–1943 and from 1946-1950. During this time period Wood was primarily working as a composer for radio and television commercials, writing many of the tunes Madison Avenue used to sell everything from soap to television dramas. He wrote charts for many dance bands, the most famous of which was his arrangement of "Chiquita Banana" that he did for Xavier Cugat. He also wrote many of the orchestral arrangements used for the first Muzak recordings.
From 1943-46, Wood joined the special services as a member of the U.S. Army, serving in the South Pacific during World War II. Fond of telling stories, Wood would later amuse friends with tales of his experiences in the army, especially those about the oddity of meeting many celebrities in remote and dangerous places like Okinawa and other "Pacific hotspots".
In 1950 Wood, under the invitation of David Robertson, became a faculty member at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music where he remained a teacher of music theory and composition until his retirement in 1985. Wood, along with Richard Hoffmann and Walter Aschaffenburg, initiated the conservatory major in composition in 1956. They also established the Oberlin Contemporary Music Festival, which was held in February of each year until 1971. It brought to the campus such distinguished composers as Roger Sessions, Wallingford Riegger, Ernst Krenek, Leon Kirchner, and, in 1963, Igor Stravinsky, as well as many outstanding performers and commentators. 
Wood was a guest composer at the Villa Montalvo in 1957 and was awarded a Huntington Hartford fellowship in 1960, and was a fellow eight times at the MacDowell Colony. In 1966 and 1973 he received H. H. Powers travel grants from Oberlin College. He also worked with some of the 20th century’s best-known composers and musicians, including Frederick Loewe, of Lerner and Loewe. He arranged the choral music for "Brigadoon" and other Loewe works.
Wood's compositions were sought after by many musicians, and he received many commissions. He wrote numerous chamber music pieces including a piano trio in 1937 and a viola sonata in 1938. He also wrote four string quartets between 1942-1978 which have been performed by such notable ensembles as the NBC Quartet, the Gordon Quartet, the Piastro Quartet, and the New Hungarian Quartet. Other notable works include a violin sonata (1947) and a piano quintet (1956). Throughout his life he wrote a considerable number of choral pieces which are still being programmed, including a "Te Deum" written on the occasion of Oberlin's sesquicentennial for the Oberlin College Choir and Robert Fountain. 
His symphony orchestra compositions include a "Concerto for Chamber Orchestra", a "Poem for Orchestra" (1950), a "Concerto for Viola and Piano with orchestra" in 1970 premiered by the Cleveland Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by José Serebrier, a "Violin Concerto" and a "Divertimento for Piano and small orchestra" from 1959. He also wrote three symphonies, one each in 1939, 1952, and 1956. After the premiere of his third symphony in 1957, the critic of the New York Herald Tribune wrote that the work "was a thoroughly distinguished and handsome creation with such an internal and external appeal that it would be no exaggeration to place it in the very top rank of American symphonies." The NBC Symphony Orchestra premiered his "Overture to Twelfth Night" on the eve of Pearl Harbor. Arguably, his most important piece was a large ballet-cantata commissioned by the Draco Foundation and written to a scenario by Evelyn Eaton entitled "The Progression". 
Joseph Wood died in Auburn, Alabama, on June 3, 2000. He is survived by his two daughters, Lynne and Lorna, and four grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18996321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996321" title="Wayne Township">
Wayne Township

Wayne Township may refer to:
See also.
Wayne Township may also refer to:
See also: Wayne (disambiguation)

</doc>
<doc id="18996339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996339" title="Pali, Nepal">
Pali, Nepal

Pali is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,016 and had 804 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18996357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996357" title="Duncan Lake">
Duncan Lake

Duncan Lake may refer to one of many lakes around the world.
One of several lakes in Canada:
One of several lakes in the United States:
And also to:

</doc>
<doc id="18996366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996366" title="Parena">
Parena

Parena is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,598 and had 475 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18996377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996377" title="LRP4">
LRP4

LRP4 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18996382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996382" title="Dain Clay">
Dain Clay

Dain Elmer Clay (July 10, 1919 – August 28, 1994) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He played for the Cincinnati Reds of the National League. Clay played collegiately at Kent State University in 1943. He played in four seasons with the Reds, from to . In , Clay led the National League in at-bats, 656, and was sixth in games played, with 153. Clay was a .258 career hitter.

</doc>
<doc id="18996383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996383" title="Kayton Kimberly">
Kayton Kimberly

Kayton Kimberly (born September 22, 1969) is an American author, entrepreneur and businessman who is best known for his debut book Repossess Your Life!, which was published in 2007. In addition to his books Kimberly has published other works including "Repo 101, A basic guide to the collateral recovery industry" and "Repo 102, 34 days to legally stealing other peoples stuff" as well as personal blog: and has worked with many Fortune 500 Companies including "Ford Motor Credit, Household Finance",and "BMW Financial Services LLC". Working as a "Repo Man" for over 18 years, he has also been an instructor for the State of Florida, teaching others how to be successful in the repossession industry as well as featured in "The Wall Street Journal", "Professional Repossesser Magazine" and as an on air guest of "The Dolan's Syndicated Radio Show."
Kimberly is a Florida native, born in 1969. In 1998, he took over his father's Recovery Agency in South Florida, became and instructor for the State of Florida, teaching 40 hour Recovery Agent course at "Hillsborough Community College". He lives in Palm Harbor, Florida with his wife.
In addition to his books, Kimberly is a screenwriter who has collaborated with "Chris Kanyon Klucsartis" on an upcoming wrestling themed action feature film. He is also known for giving talks and writing articles about the repossession business as well as human development.

</doc>
<doc id="18996395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996395" title="Webber Township">
Webber Township

Webber Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18996396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996396" title="2002 UCI Track Cycling World Championships">
2002 UCI Track Cycling World Championships

The 2002 UCI Track Cycling World Championships were the World Championship for track cycling. They took place in Copenhagen, Denmark from September 25 to September 29, 2002.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18996399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996399" title="Tsukuhara syndrome">
Tsukuhara syndrome

Tsukuhara syndrome is an infrequently occurring skeletal dysplasia characterised by a caudal synostosis of the vertebra at birth.

</doc>
<doc id="18996403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996403" title="NRG3">
NRG3

Neuregulin 3 also known as NRG3 is a member of the neuregulin protein family which in humans is encoded by the "NRG3" gene.
Function.
NRG3 can bind to the extracellular domain of the ERBB4 receptor tyrosine kinase but not to the related family members ERBB2 or ERBB3. NRG3 binding stimulates tyrosine phosphorylation of ERBB4.
Clinical significance.
Variants of the "NRG3" gene have been linked to a susceptibility to schizophrenia.
It has also been linked to Hirschsprung's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="18996405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996405" title="Chief Cornstalk Wildlife Management Area">
Chief Cornstalk Wildlife Management Area

Chief Cornstalk Wildlife Management Area is located on in Mason County near Gallipolis Ferry, West Virginia. Second growth oak-hickory and mixed hardwoods forests cover much of the rolling and moderately steep slopes. Chief Cornstalk WMA can be reached either on Nine Mile Creek Road off of US 35 near Southside, or by Crab Creek Road off of State Route 2, south of Gallipolis Ferry.
Hunting, Fishing and Trapping.
Hunting opportunities include deer, grouse, squirrel, turkey and grouse. A small () lake provides fishing opportunities for largemouth bass, bluegill and channel catfish, as well as stocked trout. A special permit is required to pursue trapping of muskrat, raccoon, mink or fox.
A shooting range is available for gun enthusiasts. Rustic camping sites are available for tents and small trailers.

</doc>
<doc id="18996406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996406" title="NRG4">
NRG4

Neuregulin 4 also known as NRG4 is a member of the neuregulin protein family which in humans is encoded by the "NRG4" gene.
Function.
The neuregulins, including NRG4, activate type-1 growth factor receptors (EGFR) to initiating cell-to-cell signaling through tyrosine phosphorylation.
Clinical significance.
Loss of expression of NRG4 is frequently seen in advanced bladder cancer while increased NRG4 expression correlates to better survival.

</doc>
<doc id="18996414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996414" title="PROZ">
PROZ

PROZ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18996416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996416" title="Elliott Charles">
Elliott Charles

Elliott Grant Charles (born 1 April 1990) is an English-born Grenadian footballer who plays as a striker for Dover Athletic and the Grenada national football team.
Early life.
As a youngster Elliot attended St. Gildas Junior School. Aged 10 while playing an inter-borough tournament against St.Mary's he attracted the attention of a scout for Arsenal. He was later scrapped from their youth system. He later attended Bishop Douglass, Finchley.
Career.
Charles signed a three-year professional contract with Barnet in May 2008 after scoring 20 goals for the Protec U18 side. He made his debut against Brentford on 23 August 2008. In October 2008 he joined Farnborough on an initial one month loan period. He then joined Lewes on loan in January 2009 along with Kieron St Aimie, scoring on his debut in the FA Trophy against Havant & Waterlooville. He went out on loan for the third time that season in March, joining Hemel Hempstead Town. A fourth loan spell followed in October 2009 when he joined Ebbsfleet United, before another loan spell at Havant & Waterlooville in December. On 21 January 2010, he was released by Barnet and signed for Kettering, who also released him at the end of the season.
In August 2010, Charles signed for Conference South club Dover Athletic alongside Harry Baker, Luke I'Anson and Jackson Ohakam. He was released at the end of the 2010–11 season. In September 2011, he joined Isthmian League Premier Division side Hendon after a spell with Concord Rangers.
In November 2012, Charles joined Conference South club Eastbourne Borough. He ended the season as the club's top scorer scoring 14 goals in all competitions (11 league) in 26 appearances (24 league). 
Before the start of the 2013/14 season, Elliott moved along the south coast to join Eastbourne's league rivals Dover Athletic.
International.
Charles was called to play for Grenada the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification – CONCACAF Second Round. He made two appearances, the first on 2 September 2011 against Belize in the 3–0 home defeat and in the 2–1 away defeat to Saint Vincent and the Grenadines on 18 September.

</doc>
<doc id="18996418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996418" title="John Rawlings">
John Rawlings

John Rawlings (1912-1970) was a Condé Nast Publications fashion photographer from the 1930s through the 1960s. Rawlings left a significant body of work, including 200 Vogue magazine and Glamour magazine covers to his credit and 30,000 photos in archive, maintained by curator Kohle Yohannan.
Rawlings was in the elite circle of top Vogue photographers Irving Penn, Horst P. Horst, George Hoyningen-Huene, and George Platt Lynes. The photographer's recently rediscovered archive includes photographs of stage, screen, and society stars of the 1940s and 1950s, including Marlene Dietrich, Salvador Dalí, Veronica Lake, Bridget Bate Tichenor and Montgomery Clift.

</doc>
<doc id="18996424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996424" title="Pathauti">
Pathauti

Pathauti is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,194 and had 614 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18996435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996435" title="Nerodimka (mountain)">
Nerodimka (mountain)

The Nerodimka (, ) is a mountain located in the south of Kosovo. It is named after the Serbian legend of the woman who can't deliver a baby (, meaning "woman who can`t give birth"). The mountain has two high peaks, Bukova Glava and Kurkulica .
Geography.
The Nerodimka mountain is just a few kilometres north of the Šar Mountains, only split by the Sirinić Valley. Nerodimka forms a continuous range with mountains of Žar planina and Jezerska planina. In the mountain originates the Nerodimka river, a left tributary of the Lepenac. Many small streams originate on the mountain and then flow downwards to meet the Lepenac.
Cities, towns and villages.
Cities located near the mountain are:
Towns located near the mountain are:
Villages located near the mountain are:

</doc>
<doc id="18996438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996438" title="TIE1">
TIE1

Tyrosine kinase with immunoglobulin-like and EGF-like domains 1 also known as TIE1 is an angiopoietin receptor which in humans is encoded by the "TIE1" gene.
Function.
TIE1 is a cell surface protein expressed exclusively in endothelial cells, however it has also been shown to be expressed in immature hematopoietic cells and platelets. TIE1 upregulates the cell adhesion molecules (CAMs) VCAM-1, E-selectin, and ICAM-1 through a p38-dependent mechanism. Attachment of monocyte derived immune cells to endothelial cells is also enhanced by TIE1 expression. TIE1 has a proinflammatory effect and may play a role in the endothelial inflammatory diseases such as atherosclerosis.

</doc>
<doc id="18996441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996441" title="Pathona">
Pathona

Pathona is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="18996445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996445" title="Archie Skym">
Archie Skym

Archie Skym (12 July 1906-15 June 1970) was an international rugby union player for Wales and played club rugby for Llanelli and Cardiff. Skym played as a prop and was renowned for his strength and vigour and was nicknamed "The butcher". An excellent scrummager, he was known to be able to lift opponents in the front row. Skym had good hands and was able to dribble with some skill.
Club career.
Due to his father's religious beliefs, Skym was not allowed to play rugby as a child, but during a nine month miners strike Skym joined a local team, at his home town of Drefach, as something to do. Although an adult when he started playing, he picked up the game quickly and soon moved to Tumble Rugby Club. He impressed in his play and on 26 December 1926 he was playing for top flight team Llanelli against London Welsh.
Although a Welsh international by early 1928, Llanelli didn't pick him to play once during the 1928/29 season, and by February Skym had enough and left for rival team Cardiff. With regular matches for Cardiff, Skym was back in the Welsh team. An excellent 1931/32 season including a great game for Cardiff against the South African team, saw Skym cement his place at international level. In January 1935, in a match against Swansea, Skym broke his ankle but stayed on the pitch for the entire game. It was injury that ended his international career and he retired from rugby at the end of the season.
International career.
Skym played twenty matches for Wales, his first cap was against England on January 21, 1928. He would score two tries, and was part of the Wales team that in 1933 finally beat England at Twickenham.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="18996456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996456" title="Pokharathok, Arghakhanchi">
Pokharathok, Arghakhanchi

Pokharathok is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,373 and had 622 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18996462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996462" title="Siddhara">
Siddhara

Siddhara is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,126 and had 1182 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18996463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996463" title="Wellington Township">
Wellington Township

Wellington Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18996470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996470" title="Sachsendorf">
Sachsendorf

Sachsendorf may refer to a number of places in Germany

</doc>
<doc id="18996481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996481" title="Simalapani">
Simalapani

Simalapani is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,387 and had 791 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18996489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996489" title="Sitapur, Arghakhanchi">
Sitapur, Arghakhanchi

Sitapur is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="18996501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996501" title="Subarnakhal">
Subarnakhal

Subarnakhal is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,020 and had 556 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18996507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996507" title="Stijn Wuytens">
Stijn Wuytens

Stijn Wuytens () (born 8 October 1989) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Willem II.
Club career.
He began his career at K.R.C. Genk, before being transferred to the PSV Eindhoven-youth division in 2001. Wuytens made his senior debut for PSV in the 2008 Johan Cruijff-schaal XIII match against Feyenoord Rotterdam. On 2 February 2009, he was loaned out to De Graafschap until the end of the season, before returning to PSV. On 12 June 2012, it was announced that he would switch to the Belgian team K. Beerschot A.C. for the next season.
Private.
Stijn Wuytens is the cousin of AZ player Jan Wuytens and brother of Dries Wuytens who also plays for Willem II.

</doc>
<doc id="18996508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996508" title="Thada">
Thada

Thada is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,765 and had 1468 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18996518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996518" title="Thulo Pokhara">
Thulo Pokhara

Thulo Pokhara is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,469 and had 711 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18996526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996526" title="Valley High School (Idaho)">
Valley High School (Idaho)

Valley High School is a four-year public secondary school located in Hazelton, Idaho, U.S.A. It is the main high school operated by the Valley School District, serving several rural communities in eastern Jerome County.
Athletics.
Valley High School is classified as a 2A school (enrollment between 160 and 319 in grades 9-12) by the IHSAA. It currently competes in the Canyon Conference against Declo, Glenns Ferry, Gooding, and Wendell. ! 
The school colors are royal blue and white and the Viking is the mascot.

</doc>
<doc id="18996543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996543" title="Westphalia Township">
Westphalia Township

Westphalia Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18996559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996559" title="Dickie Murphy">
Dickie Murphy

Richard 'Dickie' Murphy (born 1961 in Enniscorthy, County Wexford) is an Irish hurling referee and former player. He played hurling with his local club Raparees and with the Wexford senior inter-county team in the 1970s and 1980s. Murphy is regarded asone of the best and most popular referees on the inter-county scene. He is married to Jacquie Murphy (née Doyle) and has three sons Cathal, Brian and Ruairi.
Playing career.
Club.
Murphy played his club hurling with his local Raparees club in Enniscorthy. A talented player, he was a substitute on the team which won its only senior county title in 1978. Murphy was still a member of the Raparees team that reached the county senior final in 1993, however, they lost to Cloughbawn on that occasion. He continued to line out for the club at Junior 'B' level until 2000.
Inter-county.
Murphy first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Wexford minor hurling team in the late 1970s. He enjoyed little success in this grade as Kilkenny dominated the provincial championship. In 1978 Murphy was also a member of the Wexford under-21 team and he helped the Slaneysiders to victory over arch rivals Kilkenny in the Leinster decider. He later played senior hurling for Wexford, winning Walsh Cup and Oireachtas winners' medals, however, he was unable to establish himself in the championship team.
Refereeing career.
Murphy's career as a referee began when he was just twenty-four years-old. In 1985 he took charge of his first major game when he officiated at the Wexford Senior Hurling Championship final between Buffer's Alley and Faythe Harriers. Murphy went on to referee further Wexford county finals in 1987, 1988, 1989 and 1997.
Murphy joined the inter-county panel of referees in 1987, firstly taking charge of National Hurling League Division 2 games before progressing to Division 1 fixtures the following year. His first big game came in early 1988 when he refereed the Division 1 clash of Tipperary and Limerick in Semple Stadium, Thurles.
In 1989 Murphy took charge of his first Leinster senior championship game when Dublin played Laois. He was also the referee for that year’s Leinster minor final between Offaly and Kilkenny.
By 1992 Murphy established himself as one of hurling’s leading officials. That year’s All-Ireland club semi-final between Kiltormer and Cashel King Cormac's was the game that propelled him to the top. He was appointed to referee the subsequent All-Ireland club final between Kiltormer and Birr before later taking charge of the National League final between Limerick and Tipperary. The ultimate honour came his way later that summer when he was appointed to referee the All-Ireland senior hurling final between Cork and Kilkenny. Since then Murphy has officiated at three further All-Ireland finals. In 1995 he was the man in the middle for the historic match Clare and Offaly which saw the Clare men take their first championship title for 81 years. Murphy also refereed the 1997 All-Ireland final between Clare and Tipperary, the first involving two teams from the same province. He was reappointed to take charge of the 1998 final between Kilkenny and Offaly, the first involving two teams from Leinster.
As of 2008 Murphy is still very active as an inter-county referee. As well as taking charge of four All-Ireland finals he has officiated at All-Ireland semi-final and quarter-final stages and at provincial finals in Leinster, Munster and Ulster.

</doc>
<doc id="18996565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996565" title="University of Windsor Students' Alliance">
University of Windsor Students' Alliance

The University of Windsor Students' Alliance, otherwise known as the UWSA, represents all full-time undergraduate students at the University of Windsor, located in Windsor, Ontario, Canada. It provides services such as an Academic Advocate Office, financial awards, a food bank, representation on various University of Windsor bodies, a used bookstore, a weekly student newspaper, "The Lance", and various other services and programs.
As of 2013, the UWSA has left the Ontario Undergraduate Student Alliance but remains part of the Canadian Federation of Students.

</doc>
<doc id="18996577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996577" title="International Journal of Žižek Studies">
International Journal of Žižek Studies

The International Journal of Žižek Studies was established in 2007 as a scholarly outlet for a diverse range of perspectives and disciplinary approaches to the work of Slavoj Žižek, a Slovenian critical philosopher and cultural theorist who applied a mix of German Idealist philosophy and Lacanian psychoanalytical theory to a range of cultural and political topics. The open access journal is edited by Paul A. Taylor and David Gunkel and publishes non-English original articles and/or translations. The journal was inspired by other open access publications, particularly the International Journal of Baudrillard Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="18996580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996580" title="Lissa Vera">
Lissa Vera

María Elizabeth Vera (born January 31, 1982, in Buenos Aires, Argentina), professionally known as Lissa Vera, is an Argentine singer-songwriter, composer and actress. She is best known for being a member of Argentine all-female band Bandana. In 2007, she participated in reality show "Gran Hermano".

</doc>
<doc id="18996588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996588" title="Tom Daley (baseball)">
Tom Daley (baseball)

Thomas Francis Daley (November 13, 1884 – December 2, 1934) was a professional baseball player. Daley played for multiple teams during his career. He played for the Cincinnati Reds in 1908, the Philadelphia Athletics in 1912 and 1913, and the New York Yankees in 1914-1915.

</doc>
<doc id="18996603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996603" title="Glenns Ferry High School">
Glenns Ferry High School

Glenns Ferry High School is a four-year public secondary school in Elmore County, Idaho, located in the city of Glenns Ferry.
With 140 students in four grades, GFHS has the second highest enrollment in the county, behind Mountain Home High School. The school colors are orange and black and its mascot is a pilot.
Glenns Ferry was an important point on the Oregon Trail, where wagons crossed the Snake River. Initially forded at Three Island Crossing, the crossing was later served by Gus Glenn's ferry two miles (3 km) upstream, near the present-day city.
Athletics.
Glenns Ferry competes in athletics in IHSAA Class 2A in the Canyon Conference, against Valley High School (of Jerome Co.) and Wendell High School (of Gooding Co.)
State titles.
Boys

</doc>
<doc id="18996618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996618" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Manhattan above 59th to 110th Streets">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Manhattan above 59th to 110th Streets

List of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Manhattan from 59th to 110th Streets
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places between 59th and 110th Streets in Manhattan. For properties and districts in other parts of Manhattan and the other islands of New York County, see National Register of Historic Places listings in New York County, New York. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18996620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996620" title="Opera (web browser)">
Opera (web browser)

Opera is a web browser developed by Opera Software. The latest versions of Opera use the Blink layout engine. Earlier versions used Opera Software's proprietary Presto layout engine and had additional Internet suite features such as sending and receiving e-mail messages, managing contacts, chatting on IRC, downloading files via BitTorrent, and reading web feeds. Opera is offered free of charge for personal computers and mobile devices. According to Opera Software, the browser has over 300 million monthly users worldwide.
Opera is the third most popular mobile web browser as of November 2013. Opera Mini has been chosen as the default integrated web browser in several mobile handsets by their respective manufacturers.
Features include tabbed browsing, page zooming, mouse gestures, and an integrated download manager. Its security features include built-in phishing and malware protection and the ability to delete private data such as HTTP cookies. Opera has been noted for originating many features later adopted by other web browsers, a prominent example being Speed Dial.
Opera runs on a variety of personal computer operating systems, including Microsoft Windows, , Linux, and FreeBSD. Opera editions are available for devices running the Android, iOS, Symbian, Maemo, Bada, BlackBerry and Windows Mobile operating systems, and Java ME. Approximately 120 million mobile phones have been shipped with Opera. Opera is the only commercial web browser available for the Nintendo DS, DSi and Wii gaming systems. Some television set-top boxes as well as TV-sets use Opera to render HTML-based interactive content. Adobe Systems has licensed Opera technology for use in the Adobe Creative Suite.
History.
Opera began in 1994 as a research project at Telenor, the largest Norwegian telecommunications company. In 1995, it branched out into a separate company named Opera Software ASA. Opera was first released publicly with version 2.0 in 1996, which only ran on Microsoft Windows. In an attempt to capitalize on the emerging market for Internet-connected handheld devices, a project to port Opera to mobile device platforms was started in 1998. Opera 4.0, released in 2000, included a new cross-platform core that facilitated creation of editions of Opera for multiple operating systems and platforms.
Up to this point, Opera was trialware and had to be purchased after the trial period ended. Version 5.0 (released in 2000) saw the end of this requirement. Instead, Opera became ad-sponsored, displaying advertisements to users who had not paid for it. Later versions of Opera gave the user the choice of seeing banner ads or targeted text advertisements from Google. With version 8.5 (released in 2005) the advertisements were removed entirely and primary financial support for the browser came through revenue from Google (which is by contract Opera's default search engine).
Among the new features introduced in version 9.1 (released in 2006) was fraud protection using technology from GeoTrust, a digital certificate provider, and PhishTank, an organization that tracks known phishing web sites.
This feature was further improved and expanded in version 9.5, when GeoTrust was replaced with Netcraft, and malware protection from Haute Secure was added.
Also in 2006, editions of Opera were made and released for Nintendo's DS and Wii gaming systems. Opera for the Wii, called the Internet Channel, was free to download from its release on 12 April 2007 until 30 June 2007. After that date, Wii users had to pay 500 Wii Points to download it. As of 2 September 2009, it is again free to download. Users who previously paid to download are offered a NES game of their choice of the same value.
The Nintendo DS Browser is not free; it is sold as a physical DS game cartridge. The Nintendo DSi has an Internet Channel that can be downloaded for free from the DSi shop.
A new JavaScript engine called Carakan, after the Javanese alphabet, was introduced with version 10.50. According to Opera Software, Carakan makes Opera 10.50 more than seven times faster in SunSpider than Opera 10.10. On December 16, 2010, Opera 11 was released, featuring extensions, tab stacking, visual mouse gestures, and changes to the address bar. The new address bar hides the address's protocol and query information by default. Opera 12 was released on 14 June 2012.
On 12 February 2013, Opera announced it would drop its Presto engine and transition its web browsers to use WebKit as implemented by Google's Chrome browser by means of code from the Chromium project. Opera Software also planned to contribute code to WebKit as well. On 3 April 2013, Google announced that it would fork components from WebKit to form a new rendering engine known as Blink; the same day, Opera confirmed that it would follow Google in implementing Blink.
On 28 May 2013, a beta release of Opera 15 was made available, notable as being the first version based on the Chromium project. Many distinctive features of the previous versions are no longer present, while Opera Mail has been split into a standalone application derived from Opera 12.
Features.
Opera includes built-in tabbed browsing, ad blocking, fraud protection, a download manager and BitTorrent client, a search bar, and a web feed aggregator. Opera also comes with an e-mail client called Opera Mail and an IRC chat client built in.
Opera includes a "Speed Dial" feature, which allows the user to add an unlimited number of pages shown in thumbnail form in a page displayed when a new tab is opened. Thumbnails of the linked pages are automatically generated and used for visual recognition on the Speed Dial. Once set up, this feature allows the user to more easily navigate to the selected web pages.
Opera is extensible in a third way via plug-ins, relatively small programs that add specific functions to the browser, and as of Opera 11, third-party extensions. However, Opera limits what plug-ins can do. Additionally, "User JavaScript" may be used to add custom JavaScript to web pages.
Languages and localization.
Opera is currently available in 61 languages and locales: Afrikaans, Azerbaijani, Belarusian, Bengali, Bulgarian, Czech, Chinese (Simplified and Traditional), Croatian, Danish, Dutch, English (UK and US), Estonian, Finnish, French (France and Canadian), West Frisian, Georgian, German, Greek, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Lithuanian, Macedonian, Malay, Montenegrin, Norwegian (Nynorsk and Bokmål), Polish, Portuguese (Portugal and Brazil), Punjabi, Romanian, Russian, Scottish Gaelic, Serbian, Slovak, Spanish (Latin America and Spain), Swahili, Swedish, Tagalog, Tamil, Thai, Telugu, Turkish, Ukrainian, Uzbek, Vietnamese and Zulu.
Usability and accessibility.
Opera was designed with a commitment to computer accessibility for users who have visual or motor impairments. As a multimodal browser, it also caters to a wide variety of personal preferences in the user interface.
It is possible to control nearly every aspect of the browser using only the keyboard, and the default keyboard shortcuts can be modified to suit the user. It is the only major browser to include support for spatial navigation. Opera also includes support for mouse gestures, patterns of mouse movement that trigger browser actions such as "back" or "refresh".
Page zooming allows text, images and other content such as Adobe Flash Player, Java platform and Scalable Vector Graphics to be increased or decreased in size (20% to 1,000%) to help those with impaired vision. The user may also specify the fonts and colors for web pages, and even override the page's CSS styling as well. This can be useful for making sites appear in high contrast or in more readable fonts.
Voice control, co-developed with IBM, allows control of the browser without the use of a keyboard or mouse. It can also read aloud pages and marked text.
Opera Turbo is a feature intended for slower Internet connections; when enabled, Opera's servers act as a proxy which compresses the requested web page by up to 80% before sending it to the user. This process reduces the total size of the data being sent, and thus shortens the amount of time necessary for the page to load. This technique is also used in Opera Mini.
Privacy and security.
Opera has several security features visible to the end user. One is the option to delete private data, such as HTTP cookies, the browsing history, and the cache, with the click of a button. This lets users erase personal data after browsing from a shared computer.
When visiting a secure web site, Opera encrypts data using either SSL 3 or TLS. It then adds information about the site's security to the address bar. It will also check the web site that is being visited against blacklists for phishing and malware, and warn if it matches any of these lists. This behavior is enabled by default, but the user may opt to not make such checks automatically. If this check is disabled, the user can still check sites individually by opening a Page Info dialog.
The user can protect every saved password stored in Opera with a master password. This prevents malware from accessing those passwords unless the master password is known. Also, Opera does not show saved passwords using password manager unlike Firefox and Chrome.
To catch security flaws and other software bugs before they are exploited or become a serious problem, the Opera Software company maintains a public web form where users can submit bug reports. According to Secunia, a computer security service provider, the mean average of unpatched vulnerabilities in the last 365 days is 0.01. This stands in contrast to Internet Explorer (38.3), Firefox (5.77), and Safari (1.54).
In January 2007, Asa Dotzler of the competing Mozilla Corporation accused the Opera Software company of downplaying information about security vulnerabilities in Opera that were fixed in December 2006. Dotzler claimed that users were not clearly informed of security vulnerabilities present in the previous version of Opera, and thus they would not realize that they needed to upgrade to the latest version or risk being exploited.
Opera responded to these accusations the next day.
Standards support.
Opera was one of the first browsers to support Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), now a major building block of web design. Today, Opera supports many web standards, including CSS 2.1, HTML 5, XHTML 1.1, XHTML Basic, XHTML Mobile Profile, XHTML+Voice, WML 2.0, XSLT, XPath, XSL-FO, ECMAScript 5.1 (JavaScript), DOM 2, XMLHttpRequest, HTTP 1.1, TLS 1.0 (1.1 and 1.2 are supported but disabled by default), Unicode, SVG 1.1 Basic, SVG 1.1 Tiny, GIF89a, JPEG, and full support for PNG, including alpha transparency. Since version 9, Opera passes the Acid2 test, a test of whether or not a browser properly supports certain web standards. Opera was the second or fourth web browser to pass the test (depending on opinions regarding hiding the scrollbar) and the first Windows browser to do so. Opera 10.5+ achieves a score of 100/100 on the Acid3 test which is primarily focused on DOM and JavaScript standards compliance.
On Ecma International's ECMAScript standards conformance Test 262 (version 0.7.2), Opera version 11.10 scores 3840/10872. Lower scores are better, as the figure represents the number of failed tests out of the total number of tests. A pre-release build of Opera 12 scores 1/10927 on Test 262, the one failed test being invalid.
On the official CSS 2.1 test suite by standardization organization W3C, Opera's rendering engine Presto passes 89.37% (77.44% out of 86.65%) of covered CSS 2.1 tests.
Devices.
In addition to the primary edition of Opera for personal computers, there are editions for a variety of devices, all based on the same core, with some variation in the features offered and the user interface.
Smartphones and PDAs.
Opera Mobile is an edition of Opera designed for smartphones and personal digital assistants (PDAs). The first version of Opera Mobile was released in 2000 for the Psion Series 7 and NetBook, with a port to the Windows Mobile platform coming in 2004. Today, Opera Mobile is available for a variety of devices that run Android, the Windows Mobile, S60 platform, or UIQ operating systems.
Users may also try Opera Mobile free. Devices that use the UIQ 3 operating system, such as the Sony Ericsson P990 and Motorola RIZR Z8, come pre-installed with Opera Mobile, the former price of Opera Mobile being included in the price of the phone.
One of Opera Mobile's major features is the ability to dynamically reformat web pages to better fit the handheld's display using small screen rendering technology. Alternatively, the user may use page zooming for a closer or broader look. However, like previous versions of Opera for personal computers, Opera Mobile's user interface has come under fire for being difficult to use or customize.
Mobile phones.
Opera Mini, offered free of charge, is designed primarily for mobile phones, but also for smartphones and personal digital assistants. Versions up to 4 used the Java ME platform, requiring the mobile device to be capable of running Java ME applications. The browser began as a pilot project in 2005. After limited releases in Europe, it was officially launched worldwide on 24 January 2006.
Opera Mini requests web pages through the Opera Software company's servers, which process and compress them before relaying the pages back to the mobile phone. This compression process reduces bandwidth use by up to 90%, with a consequent speed increase, and the pre-processing smooths compatibility with web pages not designed for mobile phones.
In March 2010, Opera Software launched a new beta version of Opera Mini for mobile phones running on Google's Android platform.
From version 5, there is a native version of Opera Mini 5 for Windows Mobile 2003, 5- and 6-based handsets which does not require Java; it implements the same features as the Java version.
On April 13, 2010, Opera Mini was officially approved as a free download for iPhone (and iPod Touch) on Apple's App Store.
Tablets.
An iPad-specific version of Opera was demonstrated at Mobile World Congress 2011, and released with Opera Mini 6 for iOS on 24 May 2011. An Android version of Opera for tablets is under development. and has been available in Opera Mobile for Android since-mid 2011.
Nintendo DS.
The Nintendo DS Browser is an edition of Opera for the Nintendo DS handheld gaming system. The Nintendo DS Browser was released in Japan on 24 July 2006, in Europe on 6 October 2006, and in North America on 4 June 2007. It is sold as a physical game cartridge for US$30.
The Nintendo DS Browser includes the same small screen rendering and page zooming technology present in Opera Mobile. It also includes handwriting recognition software and an on-screen keyboard to enable user input. Additionally, Nintendo partnered with Astaro Internet Security to provide web filtering for the Nintendo DS Browser. The technology is simply a professionally maintained proxy server that blocks web sites related to pornography, discrimination, security hacking, software piracy, violence, gambling, illegal drugs, alcohol, tobacco, dating, weapons, abortion, and other content that Nintendo deems objectionable. Users can configure the Nintendo DS Browser to receive web pages through this proxy server, and this setting can be password-protected (by a parent, for example) to prevent circumvention.
In August 2007, the Nintendo DS Browser was quietly discontinued in North America, although it is still available from Nintendo's online store.
Wii.
On 10 May 2006, the Opera Software company announced that it was partnering with Nintendo to provide a web browser for Nintendo's Wii gaming console. Opera for the Wii, called the Internet Channel, was free to download from its release on 12 April 2007 until 30 June 2007. After that date, Wii users had to pay 500 Wii Points to download it. However, in late August / early September of the year 2009, the Internet Channel was once again available to download for free and those who paid for the service had their Wii Points returned in the form of a free NES virtual console game.
Scott Hedrick, an executive of the Opera Software company, explained that the Wii browser was designed to suit a "living room environment". In contrast to Opera's appearance on computer monitors, fonts are larger and the interface is simplified for easier use. Notwithstanding the changes in design, the Wii browser supports the same web standards as the desktop version of Opera 9, including passing the Acid2 test.
Market adoption.
, Opera has a 1.03% to 5.45% worldwide usage share of web browsers.
The browser has been more successful in Eastern Europe, including about 51% market share in 2009 in Belarus, 47% in Georgia, 43% in Ukraine, 39% in Kazakhstan, 36% in Russia, and 8–11% in Poland, Latvia, Lithuania, and the Czech Republic.
In July 2011, Opera broke its previous download records when Opera 11.50 was released and was recorded to be downloaded 35 million times during the first week of release.
Since its first release in 1996, the browser has had limited success on personal computers. It has had more success in the area of mobile browsing, with product releases for a variety of platforms. Opera Mini had more than 140 million active users in October 2011, and Opera is the third most popular mobile browser, according to StatCounter.
It is used on some television set-top boxes as well. In 2005, Adobe Systems opted to integrate Opera's layout engine, Presto, into its Adobe Creative Suite applications. Opera technology is now found in Adobe GoLive, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, and other components of the Adobe Creative Suite. Opera's layout engine is also found in Virtual Mechanics SiteSpinner Pro.
Reception.
Critical reception of Opera has been largely positive, although it has been criticized for website compatibility issues. According to one of Opera's competitors, this is partly because developers do not test web sites with Opera due to its lack of market share, as well as the fact that Opera follows the published web standards more strictly than others. Because of this issue, Opera 8.01 and higher have included workarounds to help certain popular but problematic web sites display properly.</ref>
The Opera 15 release has been criticized by some users for missing features such as bookmarking and UI customization, and for abandoning Opera Software's own Presto engine.
Awards.
Over the years, Opera for personal computers has received several awards. These awards include:
Opera Developer and Opera Next.
With the transition of the browser's rendering engine from the in-house Presto to Blink, Opera Software introduced a new release cycle consisting of three "streams" that can be downloaded and installed independently of each other: Opera Developer, Opera Next and the Opera final release. New features are first introduced in the Developer build, then, depending on user feedback, progress to the Next version and eventually the official release.
Opera Developer allows early testing of new features, mainly targeting developers, extension creators, and early adopters. Opera Developer is not intended for everyday browsing as it is unstable and is prone to failure or crashing, but enables advanced users to try out new features still under development, without affecting their normal installation of the browser. New versions are released frequently, generally a few times a week.
Opera Next is a feature complete phase, allowing stability and quality to mature before the final release. A new version is released every couple of weeks.
Both versions can be installed alongside the official release without interference. Each has a different icon to help the user distinguish between the variants.

</doc>
<doc id="18996650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996650" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Manhattan above 110th Street">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Manhattan above 110th Street

List of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Manhattan above 110th Street
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places above 110th Street in Manhattan. For properties and districts in other parts of Manhattan and the other islands of New York County, see National Register of Historic Places listings in New York County, New York. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18996675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996675" title="Juan Rodrigo Rojas">
Juan Rodrigo Rojas

Juan Rodrigo Rojas Ovelar (born 9 April 1988 in Fernando de la Mora) is a Paraguayan football midfielder, who plays for Universidad de Chile of the Chilean Primera División.
Career.
Olimpia.
Rojas started his career in the youth divisions of Olimpia and made his way to the first team in 2007. He became a regular starter for the team in 2009 scoring many goals and having great performances as a midfielder. Due to his good performances for Olimpia he was called up to the national team by Gerardo Martino. On 11 January 2010, River Plate signed the Paraguayan attacking midfielder on loan from Olimpia. He is a great midfielder with a strong personality and so he was recommended by Martino and Gregorio Perez.
River Plate.
He made his River debut against the all time rival, Boca Juniors. While it was only a friendly pre-season match, Boca played with their usual starters. River, however, gave playing time to mostly youth talent along with veteran captain Matias Almeyda. Rojas' first half strike from just outside the box opened up what would be a 3-1 win over the archrivals.
O'Higgins.
After a brief loan spell with Belgian club Beerschot, Rojas signed for mid-level Chilean team O'Higgins, slowly becoming an integral part of the team, being used both as a starter and off the bench in a variety of positions to contribute to the team's play-making and score several key goals. As of April 23, 2012, Rojas had 4 goals in 10 matches played (5 of them as a substitute).

</doc>
<doc id="18996691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996691" title="2001 UCI Track Cycling World Championships">
2001 UCI Track Cycling World Championships

The 2001 UCI Track Cycling World Championships were the World Championship for track cycling. They took place in Antwerp, Belgium from September 26 to September 30, 2001.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18996694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996694" title="John Craven, 1st Baron Craven of Ryton">
John Craven, 1st Baron Craven of Ryton

John Craven, 1st Baron Craven of Ryton (baptised 10 June 1610 at St Andrew Undershaft, London-1648), was an English peer.
Background.
Craven was the son of William Craven, Lord Mayor of London in 1610. William Craven, 1st Earl of Craven (1608–1697), was his elder brother.
Political career.
Craven was elected Member of Parliament in the Long Parliament for Tewkesbury in November 1640 in an election which was declared void on 6 August 1641. In 1643 he was raised to the peerage as Baron Craven of Ryton.
Family.
Lord Craven of Ryton married Elizabeth, daughter of William Spencer, 2nd Baron Spencer of Wormleighton and granddaughter of Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton, in 1643. He was childless and the title became extinct on his death in 1648..

</doc>
<doc id="18996701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996701" title="Ivonne Guzmán">
Ivonne Guzmán

Ivonne Guzmán (born September 10, 1984, in Bogotá, Colombia) is a Colombian singer-songwriter, composer and actress. She is best known for being a member of Argentine all-female band Bandana. She also acted Inés in Argentine version of theatre musical "Hairspray".

</doc>
<doc id="18996704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996704" title="Wheatfield Township">
Wheatfield Township

Wheatfield Township may refer to the following places:
There is also:

</doc>
<doc id="18996706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996706" title="2008 UCI Road World Championships – Men's road race">
2008 UCI Road World Championships – Men's road race

The Men's Individual Road Race of the 2008 UCI Road World Championships cycling event took place on September 28 in Varese, Italy. The course comprised 15 laps around 17.35-kilometre route, making a total distance of 260.25 km. Each lap featured two ascents: the first at Montello (6.5% gradient for 1.15 kilometres); and the second at Ronchi (4.5% for 3.13 kilometres). The highest elevation measured at Via Montello.
Pre-race favourites included Paolo Bettini, who was trying for an unprecedented third consecutive title, and the 1999, 2001 and 2004 champion Oscar Freire.
The race was won by Alessandro Ballan, with his fellow Italian Damiano Cunego in second and Matti Breschel of Denmark taking the bronze medal.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18996726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996726" title="Sean Longden">
Sean Longden

Sean Longden (born 1965 in Clapham, Bedfordshire, England) is an author and historian who specialises in previously untold stories from World War II, mostly sourced from interviews with veterans. He was educated at Sharnbrook Upper School and The School of Slavonic and East European Studies, (SSEES) University of London.
Bibliography.
"T-Force: The Race for Nazi War Secrets" - published September 2009 by Constable & Robinson. This is the first ever history of the secret World War II British Army unit Target Force. It was created in 1945 to search for German military researchers and scientists. T-Force's creation was inspired by the work of Ian Fleming who had previously created 30AU Royal Marines, a unit which did similar work in France in 1944. Fleming sat on the committees that selected targets for T Force. The unit was responsible for bringing hundreds of Nazi scientists to the UK for interrogation, including nuclear scientists and the designers of hydrogen peroxide engines used in high speed submarines, jet fighters and the V-2 missile. Many remained in the UK to work for the British.
References.
Blitz Kids, 2012. The children's war against Hitler.

</doc>
<doc id="18996729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996729" title="Plains Farm">
Plains Farm

Plains Farm (known locally as Plainsy) is a suburb of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England, and is a council-built housing estate, erected in the 1940s. Neighbouring areas include Silksworth, The Barnes, Thorney Close, Springwell and Farringdon. The housing in the area is run predominantly by Home Group and Gentoo Sunderland. Many houses are rented via the two companies; others have been purchased by home owners. The majority of housing is either Terraced or Semi Detached.
Community Charter.
The Plains Farm area was selected with 12 other areas in the UK by the Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government, Hazel Blears, to pilot a Community Charter Scheme.
Schools/Facilities.
Plains Farm has two schools within its area, Plains Farm Primary School and the Tudor Grove Centre. The Primary School plays host to a local Community Centre. These lands are also home to the Russel Foster League squad, Plains Farm FC and Humbledon Youth FC which is also based in the local Plains Farm area
Local sport.
The slightly high, chunky pavements in Plains Farm are ideal for the playing of a game known locally as 'kerby', particularly in the squares (cul-de-sacs) where the distance between the pavements is optimum. The game involves two players standing on either side of the road and attempting to throw a ball at the opposite kerb; one point being scored for a hit and two if the thrower then catches the rebounded ball.Some youths do have different point scoring systems where there are bonus points for a ball thrown over a passing motor vehicle and the ball rebounding. However Plains Farm is a sporty place to live as it involves football,a local tennis team(silksworth)and others which include the likes of snooker,pool and darts

</doc>
<doc id="18996747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996747" title="Diocese of Marsico Nuovo">
Diocese of Marsico Nuovo

The diocese of Marsico Nuovo was a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Basilicata, southern Italy, which existed until 1818. In that year it was united into the diocese of Potenza, to form the diocese of Marsico Nuovo and Potenza.
History.
Marsico Nuovo is a city of the province of Potenza in Southern Italy. Its origin is obscure, but, after the destruction, by the Saracens, of the ancient Grumentum, the town grew in importance, and became under the Normans the seat of a county. It became an episcopal see, when Bishop Grimaldo of Grumentum established his residence there, retaining, however, his former title. There were bishops of Grumentum as early as the sixth century: it is said that a Saint Laberius or Saverius first preached the Gospel there. 
Other bishops were: 

</doc>
<doc id="18996762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996762" title="Hagström Viking">
Hagström Viking

The Hagström Viking was the first semi-acoustic guitar manufactured by Hagström. It was originally launched in 1965 and was built until it was discontinued in 1979 a few years before Hagström closed down their manufacturing in Sweden. The Viking is currently being reproduced in China by new owners of the Hagström brand.
1965 to 1979.
The Hagström Viking was the first semi-acoustic guitar built by the Hagström company. It was launched in 1965 alongside Hagström's new 12-string guitar and two bass guitars. Two years later there was a twelve-string model launched simple called the Viking 12 and the Viking II Deluxe which featured gold plated machine heads and adjustable bridges. In 1967 Hagström player Frank Zappa's "Nifty Tough & Bitchin" advertising agency was hired to promote the Hagström brand in the USA. This resulted in three print ads: "Nifty", "Long and Slippery", and "Folk Rock is a Drag", and a radio spot: "Long and Slippery". 
In 1968 Hagström got much publicity when Elvis Presley played a Hagström Viking at the Elvis Presley Comeback Television Special for N.B.C. in the USA. Al Casey played a Viking II in the orchestra and was asked by producer Bones Howe if Elvis could borrow the guitar for the appearance. According to Elvis's drummer Hal Blaine it was considered a lucky charm by Elvis. To take advantage of this Hagström used pictures of Elvis with the Viking in ads until Elvis's manager advised them not to.
In 1972 the Viking I N replaced the original Viking; it was slightly reworked with two humbuckers replacing the original single-coil pickups and a new headstock called the ducks foot which previously had been used on the Hagström Swede. At the end of 1975 Schaller machine-heads replaced the older Van Ghent. From 1977 to 1978 all guitars featured Schaller machine-head with special butterfly design from Jimmy D´Aquisto. In 1979 the Viking was discontinued and four years later the Hagström plant in Sweden finally closed its doors.
I can tell you that Elvis loved that guitar, he felt that it was a lucky charm for his comeback.
- Hal Baine
2004 to present.
As of 2004 the Hagström brand has been resurrected and is currently marketing models based on the popular Swedish designs including the Viking. The new lineup is being produced in a dedicated plant in China, and includes three Viking models: the Viking, the Viking DeLuxe and the Viking IIP. The Viking and Viking DeLuxe are fairly similar while the Viking IIP has several differences to allow a lower price.
In 2008 Dweezil Zappa joins up with Hagström to recreate the ads and to recreate some of his father's music in the "Zappa plays Zappa" tour.
The Viking feels amazing, and it has a great natural sustain. It has an awesome vintage tone right out of the case, So then I can use my outboard gear to sculpt the sound as necessary.
- Dweezil Zappa

</doc>
<doc id="18996776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996776" title="Pedro Sanchez Falconete">
Pedro Sanchez Falconete

Pedro Sanchez Falconete was a Spanish architect of Seville, the completer of the palatial urban structure that houses the Archivo General de Indias in the city. 
In 1644, on the foundations of the medieval Hospital de la Caridad in Seville, a new church was erected to plans of Falconete, altered in the long, slow course of construction by Leonardo de Figueroa.
At the Iglesia del Sagrario he designed the Puerta del Perdón and another grand doorway. The modifications of the Iglesia de Santa María la Blanca are also to his design.

</doc>
<doc id="18996795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996795" title="Pioneer Mountain">
Pioneer Mountain

Pioneer Mountain may refer to:
See also: Pioneer Mountains (disambiguation)

</doc>
<doc id="18996810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996810" title="Twink Twining">
Twink Twining

Howard Earle "Twink" Twining (May 30, 1894 – June 14, 1973) nicknamed "Doc", was a pitcher who played in Major League Baseball, but only for one game in his entire career, on July 6, 1916 with the Cincinnati Reds. Twining was born in Horsham, Pennsylvania, and died in Lansdale, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18996819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996819" title="Wendell High School">
Wendell High School

Wendell High School is a four-year public secondary school located in Wendell, Idaho, U.S.A. It is the main high school operated by the Wendell School District.
Athletics.
Wendell High School is classified as a 3A school (enrollment between 320 and 639) by the IHSAA. It currently competes in the Sawtooth Central Conference.
School colors are blue (officially "navy") and gold, and the mascot is the Trojan.

</doc>
