<doc id="18862611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862611" title="Cedars of Lebanon State Park">
Cedars of Lebanon State Park

Cedars of Lebanon State Park is a state park in Wilson County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States. It consists of situated amidst the Cedars of Lebanon State Forest. The park and forest are approximately south of Lebanon, Tennessee.
Cedars of Lebanon State Forest is known for its cedar glades, a unique type of ecosystem that has adapted to the thin (or nonexistent) soil layers that often occur in the eastern Central Basin. These glades are typically flanked by thick stands of red cedar, a type of juniper tree that can survive in soil layers too thin to support most large wooded plants. The presence of the red cedar in the basin reminded the region's early Euro-American settlers of the Lebanese cedar forests of Biblical fame.
Geographical setting.
Cedars of Lebanon State Park is situated in the eastern Central Basin approximately west of the eastern Highland Rim, east of Nashville and north of Murfreesboro. U.S. Route 231, which runs north-to-south, splits the state forest into eastern and western sections. The state park (i.e., the developed area) is located in the eastern section along Cedar Forest Road. The western section consists of an undeveloped state forest. of the western section has been classified as a state natural area. 
Like most karst areas, Cedars of Lebanon State Forest is drained in large part by underground streams. The water in the forest probably ends up in nearby streams, such as Hurricane Creek. These streams empty into the Stones River's J. Percy Priest Lake impoundment, which is located just a few miles to the west.
Natural information.
Cedars of Lebanon State Forest is underlain by Ordovician period limestone, formed roughly 460 million years ago from calcareous ooze deposited by a primordial sea that once covered Middle Tennessee. Weathering of this rock has led to the creation of karst formations such as joints, underground streams, caves, and sinkholes, which are common throughout the park and forest. The forest is located in a flat section of the Central Basin characterized by thin soil layers where the limestone bedrock is often exposed.
Cedar glade communities have adapted the basin's harsh barrens, where the soil is too thin to support most plant types, especially large wooded plants. The glades are typically open areas resembling rock or gravel-strewn meadows. Most glades include small areas of bare rock where nothing grows, gravelly areas where only grasses grow, and patches of very thin soil that support shrubs and small red cedars. Cedar glades are typically surrounded by stands of red cedar known as cedar thickets. Beyond the cedar thickets, the soil is thick enough to support a hardwood forest consisting primarily of oak and hickory.
The cedar glades of Cedars of Lebanon State Forest are home to 350 plant species, 29 of which are endemic to the cedar glades. Flowering plant species living in the glades include the formerly endangered Tennessee Coneflower ("Echinacea tennesseensis"), the Prickly Pear cactus ("Opuntia humifusa"), Limestone flame flower ("Phemeranthus calcaricus"), Gattinger's Prairie Clover ("Dalea gattingeri"), Glade Phlox ("Phlox bifida"), and Nashville Breadroot ("Pediomelum subacaule"). Nonflowering plants include reindeer moss and glade moss. Along with the red cedar, trees in the surrounding forest include white oak and shagbark hickory. Wildlife chiefly consists of rodents and birds.
History.
The earliest Euro-American settlers arrived in Wilson County in the late 1790s. The city of Lebanon, established in 1802, was named after the abundance of red cedar in the area. The settlers believed (mistakenly) that the red cedar stands were similar to the cedar forests of ancient Lebanon, which were harvested by Phoenician city-states and used in the construction of the Temple of Solomon. The first Wilson County courthouse and many other early structures in the county were constructed using red cedar logs.
For much of the 19th century, the barren glades were largely devoid of human habitation, with the exception of a few small farms. In an 1879 essay on the history of Wilson County, James Drake described the various soil types in the county, which included a "dark soil, peculiar to the cedar flats, the least desirable of any we have, and subject to drought, being usually near the rock." The town of Gladeville was established in 1852 just west of the modern state forest boundaries and grew into a sizeable hamlet until the outbreak of the American Civil War. 
In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the high demand for lumber led to the harvesting of most of the forests in the Central Basin. Red cedar in particular was popular for use in the making of furniture, fence rails, and pencils. In the cedar flats of Wilson County, small farmers were struggling with depletion of the already-thin soil layer caused by poor farming tactics. In 1935, as part of the New Deal, the federal government initiated a plan to resettle farmers living in badly eroded lands to allow the devastated forests to recover. As part of the Lebanon Cedar Forest Project, the federal Resettlement Administration helped move the farmers in the cedar flats to new locations, and the Works Project Administration constructed forestry and recreational facilities and planted thousands of red cedar seedlings. The work was supervised by the United States Forestry Service. "Lebanon Cedar Forest" officially opened in 1937, with local newspaper editor Dixon Merritt presiding over the opening ceremony. Although the land was managed by the Tennessee Department of Conservation, the federal government retained ownership until 1955.
Botanists began noting the ecological importance of the cedar glades as early as 1901, when German-born doctor Augustin Gattinger (1825–1903) mentioned the glades in his book "The Flora of Tennessee and the Philosophy of Botany". Research conducted by Elsie Quarterman of Vanderbilt University led to the forest's designation as a national natural landmark in 1973. In 1995, Cedar Lodge and several other structures built by the WPA in the 1930s and 1940s were placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The park today.
Cedars of Lebanon State Park has 117 campsites, 11 picnic shelters, a swimming pool, of hiking trails, a group lodge, and a meeting hall. A small museum, the Merritt Nature Center, displays some of the forest's natural features. The park also maintains a disc golf course. 
The park's eight miles (13 km) of hiking trails range in size from . The Cedar Glades Trail, which begins at the park visitor center, is a self-guided interpretive trail that crosses several cedar glade habitats characteristic of glades found in the eastern basin. The Cedar Forest Trail, which begins near the junction of Cedar Forest Road and WPA Road, loops through a mixed oak-hickory and red cedar forest and passes several sizeable sinkholes and blockfields. The Dixon Merritt Trail begins behind the Merritt Nature Center and provides access to Jackson Cave. The Limestone Sinks Trail is another self-guided trail that passes several large limestone sinks. The Hidden Springs Trail, which starts near the picnic area, loops through multiple terrain types characteristic of the state forest, including a large limestone sink and associated dry streambed, several substantial cedar glades, and a dense stand of mixed red cedar and oak-hickory forest. 
Jackson Cave is one of 18 known caves located in the state forest and the immediate vicinity. The cave's entrance is wide and high, and the cave corridor has an average width of and an average height of . The cave extends approximately from its entrance to a large pool of water.

</doc>
<doc id="18862612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862612" title="Estonian Sportspersonality of the year">
Estonian Sportspersonality of the year

The Estonian Sportspersonality of the Year is chosen annually since 1955, for both men and women. Recordholders are cyclist Erika Salumäe (nine awards) and skier Kristina Šmigun (eight awards).
Trainer of the year.
Trainer of the year is chosen annually since 1988. Recordholder is Mati Alaver with five awards.
Young sportspersonality of the year.
Young sportspersonality of the year is chosen annually since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18862624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862624" title="Sidelhorn">
Sidelhorn

The Sidelhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located west of the Grimsel Pass, on the Bern-Valais border. It lies at the eastern end of the chain between the Unteraar Glacier and the Rhone valley, named "Aargrat".
The summit can be reached by several trails from the Grimsel Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="18862625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862625" title="Charles Brenner">
Charles Brenner

Charles Brenner born October 30, 1961 is the Roy J. Carver Chair of Biochemistry and a director of the Obesity Initiative at the University of Iowa. He is a graduate of Wesleyan University and a veteran of biotechnology companies, having worked at Chiron Corporation and DNAX Research Institute, prior to graduate school at Stanford University School of Medicine. Brenner conducted post-doctoral research at Brandeis University with Gregory Petsko and then took his first academic position at Thomas Jefferson University in 1996, moving to Dartmouth Medical School in 2003, where he served as Associate Director for Basic Sciences at Norris Cotton Cancer Center. He was recruited to chair biochemistry at Iowa in 2009. In 2012, Brenner was asked by the President of the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology to develop new recommendations for the society for a pre-medical biochemistry curriculum that will be consistent with a revised MCAT examination. These recommendations, which include development of inorganic, organic and biochemistry coursework that is more geared toward the chemistry of bioorganic functional groups, have been further refined in academic journals.
Brenner has made multiple contributions to molecular biology and biochemistry, beginning with purification and characterization of the Kex2 proprotein convertase at Stanford. He has been funded by agencies including the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, the March of Dimes, the Burroughs Wellcome Fund, the Beckman Foundation, the Lung Cancer Research Foundation, the National Institutes of Health, and the National Science Foundation. Active research projects include molecular dissection of the function of the FHIT tumor suppressor gene, characterization of DNA methyltransferase Dnmt1, and discovery of new steps in nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide metabolism. Notably, the Brenner laboratory discovered that yeast and human enzymes use nicotinamide riboside to make NAD+, for which Brenner was recognized with a William E.M. Lands lectureship at University of Michigan. This new form of B vitamin might have applications in preventing peripheral neuropathy. Brenner is author of more than 100 publications and was the senior editor of the 2004 book, Oncogenomics: Molecular Approaches to Cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18862626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862626" title="Houston Tower">
Houston Tower

The Houston Tower was a visionary skyscraper to be built in Houston. It was one of the tallest buildings ever fully envisioned, and would have taken up 16 city blocks if ever constructed. Its design was reminiscent of the Willis Tower, only the "tubes" in the Houston Tower would number 16 and be triangular. 

</doc>
<doc id="18862627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862627" title="Peter Wiersum">
Peter Wiersum

Peter Wiersum (born November 1, 1984) is a rowing cox from the Netherlands.
Wiersum was born in Sutton Coldfield, Great Britain. 
He took part in the 2007 World Rowing Championships in Munich and led the Dutch lightweight eights to the World title. He qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing with the Dutch eights forming a team with Olaf van Andel, Rogier Blink, Jozef Klaassen, Meindert Klem, David Kuiper, Diederik Simon, Olivier Siegelaar and Mitchel Steenman. Due to an injury, Siegelaar was replaced by Reinder Lubbers during the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18862644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862644" title="Brünberg">
Brünberg

The Brünberg is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, overlooking the Grimselsee in the canton of Bern. It is composed of several summits, of which the highest has an elevation of 2,982 metres above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="18862646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862646" title="Supreme Courtship">
Supreme Courtship

Supreme Courtship is a 2008 novel by Christopher Buckley, which tells the story of a "Judge Judy"-style TV judge nominated to the Supreme Court of the United States.
Plot summary.
After several failed attempts to seek Senate approval for his Supreme Court nominations, perpetually unpopular President Donald P. Vanderdamp (nicknamed "Don Veto" by Congress) decides to get even by nominating Judge Pepper Cartwright, star of "Courtroom Six" and America's most popular TV judge, to the Supreme Court. Soon, Cartwright finds herself in the middle of a Constitutional crisis, a Presidential campaign, and entanglements both political and romantic in nature.
Analysis.
As described by Buckley on "The Daily Show" on October 21, 2008, the judge character is an attractive, gun-toting, glasses-wearing spitfire who is inexperienced in politics, drawing the obvious comparison to 2008 Republican Vice President Nominee Sarah Palin. However, Buckley finished the novel in January, months before Senator John McCain announced his choice. He then jokingly announced his retirement from satire, to which host Jon Stewart replied "Once the satirical book comes true within six months, you're done."
The Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Dexter Mitchell has characteristics similar to Joe Biden, who chaired U.S. Supreme court nominations in his tenure. Buckley describes the character as "the cosmetically enhanced chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee who ran unsuccessfully for president and who never shuts up." He has admitted that the chairman in the book is based on Joe Biden.
Many media pundits recognized the book's main conflict between the Chairman and Judge Cartwright as directly paralleling the contest between Vice-Presidential Democratic nominee Joe Biden and Republican nominee Sarah Palin.

</doc>
<doc id="18862650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862650" title="Supreme Love Gods">
Supreme Love Gods

Supreme Love Gods were an alternative rock group from Fresno, California, active from 1990 to 1993.
They signed to Columbia/Sony Music in 1991 and released an EP in England entitled "Righteous" on One Little Indian later that year. Early the next year, the group was dropped from Columbia, and bassist Lance Carlos left the group, to be replaced by John Wilson. Their only full-length release was a self-titled album, issued on Def American in 1992. "Souled Out" was released as a single and hit No. 16 on the U.S. Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart. The group toured with Ned's Atomic Dustbin, 808 State, and Meat Beat Manifesto in 1993. They began working on a new album in 1993 but broke up while recording it.
Singer, Thomas Dew went on to form the band, A Million Seeds. Drummer Eric Dansby went on to play in The Shroud. In 2005 guitarist/keyboardist Tommy Joy formed Pusher and released the album 'Problems' on indie label Oblivion Records.
In 2008 Supreme Love Gods got together for a reunion show in their home town of Fresno, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18862659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862659" title="Alplistock">
Alplistock

The Alplistock is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located west of Handegg in the Bernese Oberland. It lies east of the Diamantstock, on the range between the valley of the Grueben Glacier and the Bächlital.

</doc>
<doc id="18862686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862686" title="Gallauistöck">
Gallauistöck

The Gallauistöck is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, overlooking Guttannen in the Bernese Oberland. It lies north of the Ritzlihorn on the range separating the Urbachtal from the main Aar valley.
On the south side of the mountain lies the Mattenalpsee.

</doc>
<doc id="18862687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862687" title="Roberto Kolb Neuhaus">
Roberto Kolb Neuhaus

Roberto Kolb Neuhaus (1951, Mexico) is a Mexican musicologist and oboist of Austrian origin. He is widely known for his researches of Mexican composer Silvestre Revueltas. He has written many books and essays about the composer published in Mexico, United States, Vienna, and Berlin. He has been invited to musical congresses worldwide. In 1998 he published the first complete catalogue of Revueltas's works. He is the leading authority in Revueltas music. 
He studied in the Conservatory of The Hague where he obtained a degree in oboe and a special degree in english horn. He has studies in baroque oboe, composition and sociology of music. He received a Ph.D. in History of Art from National Autonomous University of Mexico UNAM. For 15 years he played the oboe and English horn in Filarmonica de la Ciudad de Mexico and in Filarmonica de la UNAM.
He is founder and artistic director of Camerata de las Americas.
Since 1994 he is teacher and researcher in Escuela Nacional de Musica UNAM.
Recently he collaborated with the Orquesta Sinfónica de Guanajuato in the first world recording of Revueltas's orchestral work ¨Esquinas¨ in its two versions.

</doc>
<doc id="18862704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862704" title="Hotbit">
Hotbit

The Hotbit HB-8000 was a MSX1 home computer developed and sold by the Brazilian subsidiary of Japanese corporation Sharp through its EPCOM home computer division, in mid-1980s. The MSX machines were very popular in Brazil at the time, and they virtually killed all the other competing 8 bit microcomputers in the Brazilian market.
Versions 1-1.2.
The Hotbit had three versions: 1.0 and 1.1 with gray and white case and 1.2, with a black case and a ROM slightly modified to solve an ASCII table compatibility issue with the other popular Brazilian MSX, the Gradiente Expert.

</doc>
<doc id="18862707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862707" title="Simensbråten Line">
Simensbråten Line

The Simensbråten Line () was a light rail line of Oslo Tramway between Jomfrubråten and Simensbråten in Oslo, Norway. Opening on 30 September 1931, it branched off the Ekeberg Line at Jomfrubråten and had three stops along the route—Ekebergparken, Smedstua and Simensbråten. Operated by Ekebergbanen, the line was closed on 29 October 1967. It is the only light rail line in Oslo to have been closed.
__TOC__
Route.
The Simensbråten Line was a long branch of the Ekeberg Line. It branched off south of Jomfrubråten and had three stations: Ekebergparken, Smedstua and Simensbråten. The line started at above mean sea level and terminated at above mean sea level. The line served the areas of Ekeberg and Simensbråten. In rush hour Ekebergbanen provided direct services to the city center, but otherwise only provided a shuttle service to Jomfrubråten.
History.
In 1918, AS Ekebergbanen sent an application to build a funicular from Gamlebyen (then called Oslo) to Ekebergplatået. This application was recommended by Aker Municipal Council, but the idea was rejected by the Tramway Committee for Kristiania and Aker. They felt a funicular was not an appropriate and efficient means of transport for the planned residential areas at Ekebergplatået. Instead, they recommended a light rail. Oslo City Council stated on 27 April 1921 that instead a branch of the Ekeberg Line should be built from Sportsplassen Station to Simensbråten, in addition to the funicular.
A committee was established with representatives from the municipalities of Oslo, Aker, and Ekebergbanen. It saw the benefits of both lines, but recommended that the light rail be prioritized. Negotiations started between the municipalities and the company. Ekebergbanen stated that it was not possible to operate the branch line profitably, and that they could not raise sufficient capital to build the branch. In April 1922, the three made an agreement about the branch. However, at the time the plateau was being considered as one of the possible locations for the new airport to serve Oslo, and this delayed the planning. In 1927, concession was granted by royal resolution, after it had been decided to build the new airport at Fornebu.
Construction of the line started in December 1928 During construction, the Ekeberg Line past Jomfrubråten was moved. Instead of following Kongsveien, it was moved further up. The double-tracked Ekeberg Line was placed on the new line, while the Simensbråten Line would follow the old route along Kongsveien. The Simensbråten Line would thus cross under the Ekebergn Line and then through a curve turn onto its right-of-way. The Simensbråten Line was completed in mid-1931 and It was officially opened on 30 September 1931. The line was never profitable, and needed municipal grants to operate.
The Simensbråten Line was planned extended onwards to Lambertseter. In December 1931, concession for the extension was sent, either east or west of Brannfjellet. The application was amended in 1932 all the way to Nordstrandveien. In 1938, the application was approved by the Parliament of Norway, but Oslo and Aker municipalities could not agree on the route along Brannfjellet. In addition, Aker insisted that the Ekeberg Line first be extended south of Sæter before the Simensbråten Line be extended. A compromise was never found, and the line never extended.
World War II and the limitations on fuel gave the Ekeberg Line a large increase in traffic Unlike many other Norwegian tramways, the tram vehicles were not confiscated and moved to Germany, because no German tramways used both 1,200 volts and allowed wide vehicles. Following the end of the war, it was decided that Oslo and Aker would merge. Ekebergbanen's concession lasted until 30 June 1947, which was initially extended on year. In March 1948, Oslo Sporveier, the municipal company that operated among other things the street tramways, offered to purchase Ekebergbanen. All but eight shares were sold, and from December the board of Ekebergbanen and Oslo Sporveier was identical. However, the company retained its own name, administration, rolling stock and personnel.
After the nationalization, the company started a renovation process of the infrastructure and rolling stock. Combined with a municipal policy of low fares, the company started going with a loss. Five new trams were delivered from 1948 to 1952, and built at the depot at Holtet, with used equipment from some of the older trams. An additional nine new trams were delivered between 1952 and 1955. Five additional trams were rebuilt from 1955 to 1960, by which time all the narrow trams had been rebuilt or retired. The use of a unique voltage gave operational difficulties, as fuses could regularly blow at Oslo Hospital if errors where done while switching from the one current to the other. In addition, all the trams were custom built with extra equipment with limited spare parts. All the trams delivered during the 1950s were built so they could later be converted to only use 600 volt power. The depot was expanded in 1952.
In 1960, the Oslo City Council voted to close the street tramway and replace all routes with either diesel buses or the Oslo Metro. The specific plans for the Ekeberg Line were not decided, although the line was considered either to be a stand-alone light rail or connected to the metro. From 30 October 1960, the route for the Simensbråten Line trams in the city changed, so they instead followed the route Scheigaards gate – Vognmannsgata –Jernbanetorget – Kirkeristen to Stortorvet instead of the old route via Grønland and Brugata. From 1963, the route terminated at Jernbanetorget, after the rest of the route was closed due to the construction of the metro.
From 1 July 1965, Oslo Sporveier took over the operation of the Simensbråten Line, which was numbered Line 16. Oslo Sporveier took over all employees and rolling stock, but Ekebergbanen remained a holding and real estate company. Immediately following the take-over, Oslo Sporveier introduced a 20-minute headway and suggested that the line be closed and replaced by buses from 29 October 1967, when the Østensjø Line of the metro opened. Following the closing of Sagene Ring, there were increased protests against closing the tramway. Traffic had decreased on the Ekeberg Line, but proponents for keeping it stated that this was because Oslo Sporveier had reduced the frequency and moved the end station out of the core of the city center. When the proposal to close the Ekeberg Line was considered by the city council, it was decided that only the Simenbråten Line was to be closed. The Simensbråten Line is the only light rail line in Oslo to have been closed. It was replaced by a bus route that went up the other side of the hill, and did not correspond with the Ekeberg Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18862713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862713" title="List of windmills in Flemish Brabant">
List of windmills in Flemish Brabant


</doc>
<doc id="18862723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862723" title="La Tsavre">
La Tsavre

La Tsavre (also known as "Mont Ferret") is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Ferret in the canton of Valais. With a height of 2,978 metres above sea level, it is the highest summit of the Combe de l'A, a small valley between the Val Ferret and the Val d'Entremont.

</doc>
<doc id="18862752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862752" title="Turośń Kościelna">
Turośń Kościelna

Turośń Kościelna is a village in Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Turośń Kościelna. It lies approximately south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18862759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862759" title="Monts Telliers">
Monts Telliers

Monts Telliers are a mountain with twin peaks in the Pennine Alps of Switzerland. It is relatively easy to reach from the Swiss side of the ascent towards the Great St. Bernard Pass, especially by ski tours in winter-early spring, but also on foot during the summer. It offers a great panorama featuring Mont Blanc, Grandes Jorasses and Grand Combin.
Route (walking).
There is no marked path all the way to the top, but nevertheless, it is quite an easy and worthwhile ascent. Starting from La Pierre Alp (500 meters above the entrance to the Great St-Bernard Tunnel, on the right side of the road), the southern peak can be reached in about 3 hours by an easy walk with a few meters of very easy climbing during the final ascent to the peak. The walking path marked by a red line (white background) leads in parallel to the stream, up to the grassy, mildly inclined plateau of Combe de Drône, from which Col du Bastillon "(2757 m)" can be reached. From here, the route is not signposted anymore, but the peak can be reached relatively easily, by heading towards the abandoned bunker slits, then climbing up on the right hand side on the ledge above them. From this point, it becomes a normal walk again, on easily manageable rocky terrain, all the way up to the southern peak with its imposing panorama.

</doc>
<doc id="18862760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862760" title="Baton Rouge Police Department">
Baton Rouge Police Department

The Baton Rouge Police Department, or BRPD, is the primary law enforcement agency in the city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The current Chief of Police, as of February 26, 2013, is Carl Dabadie, Jr. Carl Dabadie was preceded by former Chiefs Jeff LeDuff, Pat Englade, and Greg Phares. The city is divided into four police districts.
According to the BRPD's website, "The mission of the Baton Rouge Police Department is to serve with the Baton Rouge community to prevent crime and to promote the safety and well-being of all."
The Baton Rouge Police Department has been accredited by the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies (CALEA) since 1996.
History.
Baton Rouge was incorporated in 1817 and the Baton Rouge Police Department was formally established in 1865, just after the end of the Civil War, with the appointment of the first Chief of Police.
Currently the Baton Rouge Police Department receives about 215,000 service calls. In an average year, city police officers:
In 2005, due to elevated population levels as a result of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, many of these numbers were significantly higher.
Bureaus and command staff.
The BRPD is divided into four bureaus:
Uniform Patrol Bureau.
Uniform Patrol is the largest bureau of the department, and is the primary point of contact for services to the public. The Bureau operates four precinct stations and satellite offices throughout the city. Officers assigned to this bureau perform preventative patrols and respond to public requests for assistance 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The Uniform Patrol Bureau consist of the following divisions:
Uniform Patrol Division.
Uniform Patrol Division is responsible for patrolling all areas of the city, responding to calls from citizens, conducting preliminary investigations of all crimes, and enforcing both criminal and traffic laws. The Uniform Patrol Division is divided into four (4) geographical patrol sections or districts.
First District Precinct.
The First District Precinct is located at 4545 Plank Road and serves what is traditionally known as North Baton Rouge. The area patrolled is roughly bordered on the north and east by Evangeline and Airline Highway, on the west by the Mississippi River and Scenic Highway and on the south by Florida Boulevard.
Second District Precinct.
The Second District Precinct is located at 2265 Highland Road and serves what is traditionally known as South Baton Rouge. The area patrolled is roughly bordered on the north by Florida Boulevard, on the west by the Mississippi River, on the south by Bayou Fountain, and on the east by Bluebonnet Highway, Essen Lane, Jefferson Highway, and Lobdell Avenue.
Third District Precinct.
The Third District Precinct is located at 11010 Coursey Boulevard and serves the eastern part of the city. The area patrolled is roughly bordered on the north by Greenwell Springs Road and the South Choctaw Drive Extension (railroad tracks), on the west by Airline Highway and Lobdell Avenue, on the east by North Stevendale Road, Lively Bayou, O'Neal Lane, Jones Creek Road, and Stumberg Lane, and on the south by Airline Highway and Jefferson Highway.
Fourth District Precinct.
The Fourth District Precinct is located at 8227 Scenic Highway and serves the extreme northern part of the city, including the area traditionally known as Scotlandville. The area patrolled is roughly bordered on the north by Blount Road and Thomas Road, on the west by the Mississippi River, on the east by Buttonwood Drive, McClelland Drive, and Plank Road, and on the south by Evangeline and Airline Highway.
Traffic Division.
The Traffic Division is responsible for parking control, radar speed enforcement, motorcycle escort duty, and assisting the uniform patrol division in selective traffic enforcement and accident investigation, as required, as well as special assignments at the discretion of the Chief of Police. The traffic division carries out its mission with the following sections:
Motorcycle Section.
The Motorcycle Section concentrates on traffic enforcement and accident investigation, as well as escorts and other specialized assignments at the discretion of the Chief of Police.
Radar Units.
Radar Units are responsible for enforcement of speeding laws, serve as accident investigators during inclement weather and are periodically assigned to special events.
DWI Task Force.
The DWI Task Force patrols after dark, enforcing laws relating to impaired drivers under the influence of either alcohol or drugs.
Bicycle Patrols.
Bicycle Patrols are utilized for concentrated, more personalized protection of contained areas, such as malls, shopping centers, or areas of high-density pedestrian traffic. Bicycle Patrol officers are also assigned to the Downtown Development District to enforce parking ordinances, contact business owners and residents to check for problems and devise solutions to those problems.
Traffic Homicide Unit.
The Traffic Homicide Unit investigates all traffic crashes involving death or life threatening injuries and fleet crashes as directed by the Chief of Police.
Hit and Run Division.
The Hit and Run Division is responsible for the follow-up investigation of hit and run and incomplete accidents as reported by field officers.
Support Services Units.
The Support Services Units perform functions that supplement the uniform patrol division.
Housing Authority Unit.
The Housing Authority Unit coordinates all security at public housing complexes, working closely with management and residents to enforce laws, resolve problems and provide a safe environment.
K-9 Unit.
The K-9 Unit is used for building searches, crowd control, tracking fleeing suspects, or searches for missing persons, or any other missions which could more effectively or more safely be carried out by trained Police dogs than by police officers.
In 2007, the American Kennel Club awarded the K-9 Division with its 2007 Law Enforcement Award for Canine Excellence due to the units work in the year following Hurricane Katrina.
Criminal Investigations Bureau.
Criminal Investigations offers some limited first-line response to the public, but is primarily responsible for follow-up investigations of major crimes. Divisions within the Criminal Investigations Bureau include:
Crimes Against Persons.
Crimes Against Persons include the following divisions:
Property Crimes.
Property Crimes includes the following divisions:
Investigative Support.
Investigative Support includes the following divisions:
Special Operations.
Special Operations includes the following divisions:
Administration Bureau.
Administration is the Chief’s staff bureau, concerned with the overall management of the department’s operations and internal controls. Most offices are housed downtown at Police Headquarters located at 704 Mayflower Street. Divisions and Positions within Administration:
Special Response Team, (SRT).
SRT is not a full-time unit, but is composed of officers who are on-call. Their mission is to respond to emergency operations, such as hostage situations, and to provide dignitary and VIP protection. Members of the team competed in the 2008 World SWAT Challenge and finished 5th overall, while also capturing the “Rookie Team Championship” title.
Operational Services Bureau.
Operational Services is the most diverse bureau of the department, providing numerous and varied support functions, including serving as the repository for all criminal and traffic records. Divisions within this Bureau:
Rank Structure.
The Chief of Police is appointed by, and reports to, the Mayor. All other police positions are promotional and based on seniority, as mandated by state civil service law.
Fallen officers.
Since 1911, the Baton Rouge Police Department has lost eighteen officers in line of duty deaths.

</doc>
<doc id="18862765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862765" title="Gross Lohner">
Gross Lohner

The Gross Lohner (also spelled "Gross Loner", ), is a limestone mountain of the Bernese Alps, located between Adelboden and Kandersteg in the Bernese Oberland. The main summit has an elvation of above sea level and is distinguished by the name "Vorder Lohner" ("Fore Lohner"). The mountain features several other peaks, from east to west:
The Lohner range is located east of Adelboden in the Engstlige valley and southwest of Kandersteg in Kander valley.
The first tourist to climb the Lohner was one C. Dürheim from Bern in July 1876. In August of the same year, four members of the Alpine Club, during another ascent, found a bottle with the names of the two Kandersteg mountain guides Ogi and Hari, dated 1875.
Approximately halfways up the rock face, the Lohner hut can be found, which can be reached by skilled hikers without proper climbing.
The mountain with its many screes is almost only accessible by one of its three ridges. From the Lohner hut, the "Mittler Lohner" can be reached via the face by skilled climbers.

</doc>
<doc id="18862767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862767" title="Badhi">
Badhi

The Badhi are a Hindu caste found in the state of Himachal Pradesh in India. Historically they appear to have been stone grinders but today they are mainly carpenters and laborers. The Badhi are primarily Hindu and are also vegetarians.
There are about 75,000 Badhi. Most Badhi speak Hindi. However smaller numbers speak Eastern Punjabi, Kangri and several other languages.
Sharma is a surname found in India and Nepal as a surname or given name among Brahmins. As a noun in Sanskrit, Sharma has various positive connotations, such as "bliss", "happiness", "shelter", "laid back" and "protection."
The name does not necessarily denote a unique paternal lineage but it is not uncommon to find it used as a middle name in some areas of North India.needed In South-central Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, first name constitutes a surname and middle name is given name and the last name is given depending on the caste.needed For instance, Janamanchi Seshadri Sarma's surname is Janamanchi, Seshadri is the given name and Sharma is the last name.
The name Sharma is written as शर्मा in Hindi.An alternative English spelling of the name used in the city of Varanasi and the Indian states of Assam, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala is "Sarma".[3 Some Assamese people also use Sarmah.
According to Dictionary of American Family Names, the name Sharma is listed as "Indian: Hindu (Brahman) name from Sanskrit šarma ‘joy’, ‘shelter’." Other theories suggest that origin of the name Sharma lies in the ancient Sanskrit word "Sharman" which means teacher or master.
According to Indian sociologist, S. Devadas Pillai, "The suffix Sharma indicates that the chanter is a Brahman..

</doc>
<doc id="18862781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862781" title="Le Mourin">
Le Mourin

Le Mourin is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located west of Bourg-Saint-Pierre in the canton of Valais. On its south-east side the mountain overlooks the Lac des Toules.

</doc>
<doc id="18862808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862808" title="English cricket team in West Indies in 2008–09">
English cricket team in West Indies in 2008–09

The England cricket team toured the West Indies from 25 January 2009 until 3 April 2009. Initially, it was intended that they play four Test matches, one Twenty20 International and five One Day Internationals against the West Indies cricket team. However, the abandonment of the Second Test due to the conditions of the field at the SVR Stadium in Antigua led to the rapid inclusion of an additional game staged at the Antigua Recreation Ground, resulting in a five-match, rather than four-match Test series. The West Indies regained the Wisden Trophy by winning the Test series 1–0. They also won the Twenty20 match, but England won the ODI series 3–1.
Whether or not West Indies were the better side and deserved to win the series is debatable. Twice England were two wickets or fewer away from winning – though England could be accused of defensive captaincy that gave them insufficient time to bowl the West Indies out.
On some very flat wickets, only the Jamaica collapse could separate the two sides. England came in for some criticism from Sky commentators for being too defensive with their declarations, but ultimately the pitches were not conducive enough to allow results.
Build-up.
Despite recent turmoils, England went into the series as firm favourite. The players claimed confidence, the ICC rankings placed them comfortably ahead of their adversaries, and the pundits were, under the circumstances, fairly buoyant. In the "Daily Telegraph", Geoffrey Boycott opined that, with a fit Andrew Flintoff, England ought to prevail easily:
I am not saying it will be a walkover. The one thing England do need is a fit Andrew Flintoff, throughout all the four Tests. If Freddie goes down injured, the odds for the series will turn around dramatically.

</doc>
<doc id="18862817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862817" title="The Cry of Love Tour">
The Cry of Love Tour

The Cry of Love Tour was a concert tour by American rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Jimi Hendrix, which ran from April 25 to September 6, 1970, in the United States and Europe. The tour turned out to be the last on which Hendrix performed before his death in September, and featured many songs that he was working on for his double album "First Rays of the New Rising Sun". Though the band did not feature original bassist Noel Redding, the trio of Hendrix, Mitch Mitchell (drums) and Billy Cox (bass) was often billed as "The Jimi Hendrix Experience".
Band members.
The original Experience broke up in June 1969, after bassist Noel Redding left the band. Hendrix subsequently formed Gypsy Sun and Rainbows, which famously performed at the 1969 Woodstock Festival. After only two more performances, the band split up; Hendrix kept bassist Billy Cox and formed the Band of Gypsys with drummer and vocalist Buddy Miles. After a similarly short run, the trio disbanded, and Hendrix and Cox re-recruited drummer Mitch Mitchell to form what was often billed as "the Jimi Hendrix Experience". The band was later dubbed "The Cry of Love", a name taken from the tour and the album on which they performed.
Set list.
The set lists on the Cry of Love Tour consisted largely of new songs being worked on by Hendrix, including "Lover Man", "Room Full of Mirrors", "Machine Gun" and "Ezy Ryder". A number of songs from his original albums with The Jimi Hendrix Experience were still present, however, such as "Fire", "Red House", "Purple Haze" and "Voodoo Child (Slight Return)".
The following is the set list from the band's May 9 concert at the Will Rogers Coliseum in Fort Worth, Texas, which serves well as a sample set list for the tour.
Tour dates.
"*A small charity event for Timothy Leary, not part of the tour".
1 "A small invited audience for a scene for the film Rainbow Bridge. Not part of the tour."

</doc>
<doc id="18862818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862818" title="Six Blanc">
Six Blanc

The Six Blanc is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Orsières in the canton of Valais. It lies at the northern end of the chain separating the valley of Entremont from the valley of Bagnes, culminating at the Grand Combin.

</doc>
<doc id="18862849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862849" title="Premier Motorcycles">
Premier Motorcycles

Premier Motorcycles were British motorcycles manufactured by a business originally founded as a bicycle manufacturer by W. H. Herbert and William Hillman in 1876. Their "Hillman and Herbert Cycle Company" was renamed "Premier Cycle Co." in 1891. 
White & Poppe engine.
Their first motorcycle was produced in 1908, with a White & Poppe side-valve engine and Chater-Lea front forks. They made their first V-twin in 1909, followed by a 499 cc single-cylinder machine in 1910.
The business changed its name to "The Premier Cycle Company (Coventry Premier Ltd.)" in 1914. 
Cyclecars.
After the First World War bicycle or motorcycle production was not resumed and the new cyclecar business was acquired by Singer Motors in 1921 although Premier motorcycles were produced under licence in Czechoslovakia throughout the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="18862897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862897" title="Mont Brûlé">
Mont Brûlé

Mont Brûlé is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Orsières in the canton of Valais. It lies just north of Col de Mille.

</doc>
<doc id="18862914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862914" title="Kazabazua River">
Kazabazua River

Kazabazua River is a tributary of the Gatineau River in western Quebec, Canada.
The river gives its name to Kazabazua, a village in La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality. Derived from the Algonquin language, the name of this river has had many spellings including "Kazaluzu", "Kasubasua", "Cazabasua", "Cazibazouis", "Cazebalzuac", and "Cajibajouis". The name is said to be derived from "kachibadjiwan" ("kach" meaning "hidden" and "djiwan" meaning "current")—a reflection of local topography as the Kazabazua briefly becomes an underground river before resurfacing a few dozen metres downstream. The river then flows through rapids and passes under a natural stone bridge.
The geography of Kazabazua River includes calcitic marble containing crystals of graphite and grossular garnet. The marble has been chemically and mechanically eroded by water from the river to form a karst stone bridge. The inclusion of gneiss in the marble illustrates erosion differential.
Both this river and Picanoc River flow directly through local towns and are used for recreational activities such as fishing, rowing, and swimming. Cottages and homes are along the riverbanks. The pollution of the Gatineau, Kazabazua, and Pontiac rivers by both treated and untreated leachate has been a recent concern and "could have devastating effects upon residents and tourism throughout the region." One third of the local watershed—including any toxic effluent that might be present—flows into the Kazabazua River system. When water levels rise, the Kazabazua and Pontiac rivers sometimes back up into Lac Shea causing pollutants that they carry end up in this lake. The Kazabuza and Picanoc rivers are among several local bodies of water in Pontiac Regional County Municipality in which delicate aquatic and semi-aquatic animals such as wood turtles have been studied.

</doc>
<doc id="18862942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862942" title="Bajram Franholli">
Bajram Franholli

Bajram Franholli (born 14 September 1968 in Durrës) is a former Albanian footballer who played as a left-wing midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="18862957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862957" title="Crêta de Vella">
Crêta de Vella

The Crêta de Vella is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located south of Liddes in the canton of Valais. It lies at the northern end of the chain separating the Comba de l'A from the main valley of Entremont.

</doc>
<doc id="18862959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862959" title="Anja Čarman">
Anja Čarman

Anja Čarman (born March 22, 1985 in Škofja Loka) is a Slovenian swimmer. She won several medals at European LC and SC Championships and competed at 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics. Anja is an alumnus of swimming powerhouse The Bolles School.

</doc>
<doc id="18862965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862965" title="Badhaai Ho Badhaai">
Badhaai Ho Badhaai

Badhaai Ho Badhaai is a 2002 Bollywood comedy, and Anil Kapoor's first production. It was a remake of well known Tamil movie Poove Unakkaga and the second half of the film was inspired by the Tom Shadyac's, The Nutty Professor.
It was shot over 45 days in Delhi.
Plot.
The D'Souza and the Chaddha families are neighbors and have been good friends for as long as they can remember, and despite their differing religions and cultural beliefs, celebrate Diwali and Christmas with cheer and gusto. Then Anjali Chaddha and Steven D'Souza fall in love, and this brings an end to the friendship. Anjali and Steven elope, marry, and re-locate to another place, leaving the two families to live with bitterness the rest of their lives. Twenty-seven years later, a young man claiming to be the son of Anjali and Steven comes to visit his paternal and maternal grandparents, and is cold-shouldered by both families. He persists and wins over the hearts of his grandparents on both sides, but before he can win over his Jassi mama and Moses chacha, they find out that Raja is not who he claims to be. In actuality, Shilpa Shetty's character is the granddaughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18862969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862969" title="William Glen (footballer)">
William Glen (footballer)

William "Sacky" Glen (footballer) (born 28 July 1903 in Dublin, died 29 May 1981) is a former Irish football player.
He joined Shamrock Rovers F.C. in their maiden season in League of Ireland football in 1922 and went on to spend fifteen years at Glenmalure Park winning everything the domestic game had to offer.
Sacky played in the official opening of the Milltown ground on the September 19, 1926 against Belfast Celtic F.C..
He played in a record ten FAI Cup finals plus four replays. His first was in 1922 when Rovers lost to St James's Gate F.C. and his last was in the 1939 final replay when he scored the only goal for Shelbourne against Sligo. Along with Johnny Fullam he shares the record for most winners medals.
He won eight caps for the Irish Free State making his debut on the April 23, 1927 in Ireland's first ever home game at Lansdowne Road 
He was part of the team that went unbeaten in 1924/25 and 1926/27 and scored a total of 32 league goals for the Hoops. He earned two League of Ireland XI caps in 1930.
Glen had a benefit game at Dalymount Park in May 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="18862988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862988" title="Joseph Golding">
Joseph Golding

Joseph "Lye" Golding was an Irish football player who played as an outside right. He was born in Dublin.
He joined Shamrock Rovers F.C. in 1926 from Brideville F.C. and stayed for a decade.
His first game was the official opening of Glenmalure Park on the 19th of September 1926 against Belfast Celtic F.C. and was part of the team that went unbeaten in 1926/27.
He won two caps for the Irish Free State in two away friendlies against Belgium. His debut came at Liège on the 12th of February 1928 in a 4-2 victory [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1928/0213/Pg013.html#Ar01301:85DAE9879B03879AEA884B04884AE98A3B038A3AE98B7B038B7AE9923B0391E1D29381EC9391D29601EC9935079AE5219AE5089B95239BA5069D952398F58F9A85A99A95919B45AB9B45909D05AA]. His last cap was on the 11th of May 1930 at Astrid Park in a 3-1 win.
Golding earned two League of Ireland XI caps in 1929 and 1930 and scored a total of 20 league goals at while at Milltown.

</doc>
<doc id="18862994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18862994" title="Science Communication Observatory">
Science Communication Observatory

The Science Communication Observatory (OCC) is a Special Research Centre attached to the Department of Communication of the Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona (Spain), set up in 1994. This centre is specialized in the study and analysis of the transmission of scientific, medical, environmental and technological knowledge to society. The journalist Vladimir de Semir, associated professor of Science Journalism at the Pompeu Fabra University, was the funder and is the current director of the centre. A multidisciplinary team of researchers coming from different backgrounds (i.e. journalists, biologists, physicians, linguists, historians, etc.) is working on various lines of research: science communication; popularization of sciences, risk and crisis communication; science communication and knowledge representation; journalism specialized in science and technology; scientific discourse analysis; health and medicine in the daily press; relationships between science journals and mass media; history of science communication; public understanding of science; gender and science in the mass media, promotion of scientific vocations, science museology, etc.
PCST Network & Academy.
The Science Communication Observatory is linked to the international network on Public Communication of Science & Technology (PCST), which includes individuals from around the world who are active in producing and studying PCST through science journalism, science museums and science centers, academic researchers in social and experimental sciences, scientists who deal with the public, public information officers for scientific institutions and others related to science in society issues. The PCST Network sponsors international conferences, electronic discussions, and other activities to foster dialogue among the different groups of people interested in PCST, leading to cross-fertilization across professional, cultural, international, and disciplinary boundaries. The PCST Network seeks to promote new ideas, methods, intellectual and practical questions and perspectives.
The first conference held by the PCST Network was at Poitiers, France in 1989. Since then biennial conferences have been held in Madrid (1991), Montreal (1994), Melbourne (1996), Berlin (1998), Geneva (2000), Cape Town (2002), Barcelona (2004), Seoul (2006), Malmo/Copenhagen (2008) and New Delhi (2010). The 2012 confeerence is scheduled for Florence in 2012. 
With events in Melbourne, Beijing, Seoul and Cape Town, the Network expanded from its European origins to become a truly international network. The Scientific Committee managing the organisation is drawn from 19 different countries ranging across the globe. The Committee is chaired by Mr Toss Gascoigne (Australia).
The Science Communication Observatory hosts the PCST Academy. The PCST Academy is responsible for the creation of the documentary basis of the Public Communication of Science and Technology network (PCST) and its main task is the selection and organized collection of articles, reports and resources on particular topics in the field of communication and social understanding of sciences. As stated by the Chair of the Network from 2004 to 2006, Vladimir de Semir, the Academy looks for the necessary resources at international level to guarantee the access to the network of representatives from those countries that currently have to face more difficulties: “The main aim is to represent and include the multiplicity of identities existing in the world, because the study and practice of science communication should respect the different cultural contexts and integrate the knowledge coming from all continents.”
Teaching, publishing and collaborative projects.
The Science Communication Observatory runs a Master in Science, Medical and Environmental Communication in Barcelona (Spain) since 1995 and a Diploma in Science Communication in Buenos Aires (Argentina) since 2008 and other courses and workshops about science communication and the popularization of science. The Science Communication Observatory also publishes Quark, a journal about “Science, Medicine, Communication and Culture”, and also carries on researches and analysis in the Science in Society field, working with other European institutions and academic groups on several European projects such as:
• PLACES - Platform of Local Authorities and Communicators Engaged in Science, a four-year European project establishing and developing the concept of the European City of Scientific Culture. The project focuses on developing and strengthening City Partnerships, bringing together 67 science centres, museums, festivals and events, each partnering with local authorities, and 10 European regional networks. The project facilitates cooperation among these alliances to structure their science communication activities, sharing tools, resources and results.
• KiiCS - Knowledge Incubation in Innovation and Creation for Science, the project aims to build bridges between arts, science and technology by giving evidence of the positive impacts of their interaction for creativity as well as for triggering interest in science. The project will stimulate co-creation processes involving creators and scientists, and nurture youth interest in science in a creative way. (KiiCS starts 15 February 2012)
• MASIS - Monitoring Policy and Research Activities on Science in Society in Europe, project to develop structural links and interaction between scientists, policy-makers and society at large, therefore an instrumental tool in relation to stimulating further cooperation in Europe and reducing fragmentation through the identification of common resources, common trends, common interests, and common challenges. 
• ESCITY - Europe, Science and the City: promoting scientific culture at local level, an initiative to create the core of a network for the exchange of information and best practices in the area of promoting scientific culture, with two particular characteristics; focusing on local and regional action and emplacing strategies that situate the promotion of scientific culture under the umbrella of cultural policies.
• ESConet - European Science Communication Network, which brings together experienced science communication lecturers, researchers and practitioners from across Europe to train natural scientists and technologists to communicate effectively with the media, policy-makers and the general public. As well as delivering these core communication skills, ESConet workshops encourage scientists to reflect critically on the social, cultural, and ethical dimensions of their scientific work.
• E-KNOWNET - Network for ICT-enabled non-formal science learning, a project supported by the Lifelong Learning Programme of the European Commission to develop an innovative and viable ICT-enabled mechanism for fast and efficient sharing of new knowledge among larger non-expert segments of society, in forms suitable for non-formal learning.
• STEPE - Sensitive Technologies and European Public Ethics project is innovative in contributing to the early identification of potentially controversial technological developments and related public ethics, by systematically considering both the view of key stakeholders in technological, political and societal life and the perceptions of European citizens in 25 European member states, thereby contextualising the findings by a systematic analysis of policy developments both on national and European levels. The interdisciplinary and multi-method approach will aim at establishing an integrated European Map of Public Ethics. It is the aim to stimulate new, empirically grounded, thinking on public ethics as a contribution to wider debates and policy making on responsible technological innovation. As a key data source, the proposal is based on the triennial Eurobarometer survey on the Biotechnology and the Life Sciences.
• Benchmarking the Promotion of RTD culture and Public Understanding of Science to establish the current state of RTD culture in Member States, to provide a survey of the ongoing activities, and to recommend measures to be followed to improve the present situation. In order to clarify the meaning behind the vocabulary used in different Member States, our introduction also contains an analysis of the concepts behind
“Public Understanding of Science”, “Public Understanding of Science and the Humanities (Wissenschaft)” and “Culture Scientifique”.
Scientific Knowledge and Cultural Diversity.
The Science Communication Observatory was responsible of the organization of the 8th International Conference of the PCST Network in Barcelona (Spain), June 2004. The main theme of the conference was "Scientific Knowledge and Cultural Diversity" which opened up a field to debate on the global discourse of science in a range of local culture and knowledge environments. When talking about various cultures we are referring to the different groups sharing the same language, same traditions, ideology or religion, inhabiting in a specific geographical environment, having the same job, or being a man or a woman, a young, a child, an elder… All this rich cultural diversity also reflects its stamp on scientific knowledge, in its creation and application as well as in the whole process of public communication of science and technology.
The main theme of "Scientific Knowledge and Cultural Diversity", included 3 subthemes or discussion subjects.
Native Knowledge & Modern Science
Cultural diversity. Traditional knowledge. Local wisdom. Regional identity and globalization. Indigenous knowledge system. Citizenship participation on scientific decisions. Popular culture and scientific culture. Possibilities of native knowledge facing with new technologies. Science ethics and believes. Religion or morality influence in knowledge construction. Cohabitation between medicines with different evaluation systems. Knowledge, religion and beliefs. Parasciences. Science as a universal knowledge Intellectual property. Gender and cultural approach. New models, trends and concepts in PCST.
Science Communication: Historical Perspectives And New Trends
Influences of historical processes on science communication. The greatest science communicators. The role of the mass media. The role of science centres and museums. Main initiatives in the promotion of scientific culture. Results analysis methodology. International networks. New models, trends and concepts in PCST.
Science Communication & Social Participation
Peripheral science and science in the outskirts. Science culture and cooperation with illiterate population and marginal groups. Social inclusion. Public engagement with science policy (consensus conferences, citizen juries, deliberative polling). Science vocations in the changing world. Media impact on science opinion. Science festivals. Ethics of science communication. Public policies in scientific culture. Citizen participation on scientific decisions. Informal science education. Science centers and museums. Science communication training. New models, trends and concepts in PCST.
European Forum on Science Journalism.
In December 2007, the Science Communication Observatory organized with the European Commission the European Forum on Science Journalism (EFSJ) where leading science journalists and editors of national newspapers and specialised science publications from across Europe and the world met in Barcelona to discuss the challenges in reporting on science, the impact of new technologies on the profession and importance of linking science to society and everyday life together with leading scientists and top science communication professionals from across Europe, the US, Canada, China and Australia. An Special Eurobarometer on scientific research in the media and a European Guide to Science Journalism Training were presented in this forum.
How to strengthen science coverage in the European press? How to convince editors to run science stories? How to assess the trustworthiness of scientific research? How to explain science in an understandable fashion? How to stimulate public interest in science news?... These were among the key questions addressed at the first European Forum on Science Journalism.
Media for Science Forum.
In May 2010, the Science Communication Observatory was member of the scientific committee of the Media for Science Forum organised by the Spanish Foundation for Science and Technology with the collaboration of the European Commission in the context of the Spanish Presidency of Europe 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18863006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863006" title="Becca de Corbassière">
Becca de Corbassière

The Becca de Corbassière is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, overlooking Fionnay in the canton of Valais. It lies at the northern end of the chain separating the valley of the Corbassière Glacier from the main valley of Bagnes, north of the Grand Combin.

</doc>
<doc id="18863007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863007" title="Climatempo">
Climatempo

The TV Climatempo aims to show the spectators what happens with the climate, and spend hours on hours of bulletins. Now forecast to more than 100 cities and also, becomes forecast of five days for the capital. And the information bottom of the screen, which is always updated, inform what is happening in other cities, such as whether the air humidity is low.
It can be synchronized in the following carriers: Sky (channel 102), Net SP (Channel 37), ES Net (Channel 22). It can also be seen on the site Climatempo

</doc>
<doc id="18863014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863014" title="Kango Shicyauzo">
Kango Shicyauzo

Kango Shicyauzo (看護しちゃうぞ "Kango Shichauzo") is a Japanese erotic visual novel developed and published by Trabulance, released on March 2, 2001 for Windows. It was localized in North America as "I'm Gonna Nurse You" by G-Collections. The English version was released on June 24, 2003. Since its second revision, both current Japanese and English versions have "Voice Plus!" as an additional subtitle to denote the inclusion of original voice actresses recordings for characters in the game.
Plot.
Shinobu Nakagawa is a newly licensed pediatrician employed at the fictional St. Michael's General Hospital in Tokyo, Japan. One evening during work, he receives a telephone call from his foster mother, Kaede Maioka, requesting his company at her house. Though personally bothered at this inconvenience, he reluctantly agrees to visit.
Upon his arrival, Shinobu receives the proposition to fill-in for a sick professor at the Saint Michael's Nursing School; an all-girls institution near the hospital. The offer is met with negative reception until Shinobu realizes his efforts upset Kaede, leading him to sympathetically accept. It is shortly after this that Shinobu learns his foster stepsister, Momiji Maioka, is also an enrolled student to the same school.
The following morning he visits the school for orientation and is introduced to three affectionate young girls who happily befriend him. While each one, including Shinobu's own foster family, harbor amorous feelings for him, only through careful judgment will one particular woman outstand the rest and win his heart.
Gameplay.
"Kango Shicyauzo" is played like a traditional visual novel; the player advances through scenes with character dialog, and making decisions based on scripted dilemmas which occur. Gameplay selections branch to different plotlines, usually leading to Shinobu monogamously dating, sexually engaging, and marrying one of the primary female cast members. If however, the player fails to establish a relationship, Shinobu will be called back to mandatorily work at the hospital; thus, ending the game early. An exclusive plotline, known as the Harem Route or Playboy Route, becomes available when the player completes each of the female's individual storylines. Through this special path, Shinobu will be engage in polyamorous group sex with the female characters, instead of gradually developing a relationship with just one of them.
Game progress can be saved by the player at anytime, and a prompt to remind a player to save at important points can be enabled. Hints can be set to give the player an additional choice at decisions to directly or indirectly show what outcome a choice may lead to.
Development.
Patches.
On March 21, 2006 G-Collections released a software patch for owners of the first original release of "Kango Shicyauzo", as explicit renders had been censored. The patch removes these censors.
Reception.
"Kango Shicyauzo" was met with generally positive reception. The first game localized by G-Collections, and arguably its best-selling title, Japan based distributor JList called it a ""landmark for English bishoujo games."" Less than acclaimed aspects of the game generally included a lack of plot, low-resolution graphics and predictable endings.

</doc>
<doc id="18863027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863027" title="Winnipeg Route 37">
Winnipeg Route 37

Route 37 is a major east-west arterial route in Winnipeg, Manitoba which connects the suburbs of Transcona and Elmwood with the downtown core.
Route.
The official route begins on Redwood Avenue at that road's intersection with Salter Street in the city's North End. Route 37 passes over the Redwood Bridge and enters the suburb of Elmwood as Hespeler Avenue, until it meets Henderson Highway. Eastbound traffic bears south on Henderson before bearing right to follow Riverton Avenue, which curves into an eastbound Midwinder Avenue. After a short jog south on Levi; Street, it joins Nairn Avenue. Westbound traffic turns north off Nairn onto Watt Street before turning west onto Levis, then Johnson Avenue West. Meeting Henderson, route 37 heads south 3 blocks before bearing west on Hespeller Avenue.
Route 37 continues over the CP main line towards Transcona as Nairn Avenue, Regent Avenue West, Pandora Avenue West, and Pandora Avenue East. It turns southbound on Ravenshurst Street and ends at the intersection of Ravenshurst with Dugald Road.
Redwood Avenue was named for the red roof of a store that was once located on the banks of the Red River. Hespeler Avenue was named for William Hespeler, a member of the Manitoba Legislative Assembly in the 1900s (decade). Johnson Avenue was named for Francis Godschall Johnson, the governor of Assiniboia from 1855 to 1859. Stadacona Street was named after the Quebec village. Nairn Avenue is named for local businessman Stephen Nairn.

</doc>
<doc id="18863033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863033" title="Fabrizio Borellini">
Fabrizio Borellini

Fabrizio Borellini (born 5 July 1968) is a retired Italian high jumper.
He won one medal at the International athletics competitions.
Biography.
He finished fourth at the 1988 European Indoor Championships and won the bronze medal at the 1991 Mediterranean Games. 
He became Italian high jump champion in 1991, and indoor champion in 1994.
His personal best jump is , achieved in May 1988 in Rome. He had on the indoor track, achieved at the 1988 European Indoor Championships in Budapest.
National championships.
Fabrizio Borellini has won 2 times the individual national championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18863050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863050" title="North Texas Irish Festival">
North Texas Irish Festival

North Texas Irish Festival (locally known as NTIF) is an annual three-day ethnic festival held at Dallas' historic Fair Park the first weekend in March. Started in 1983, the festival is the second oldest Irish festival in the country and the largest in the southwest.
The NTIF is produced by the Southwest Celtic Music Association (SCMA), a non-profit corporation founded in 1984 after the first festival. The mission of SCMA is to increase public awareness of the rich cultural heritage of the Celts and its enduring efforts on our own culture as found in the United States. The SCMA sponsors concerts, music and dance workshops, provides referrals for entertainers, organizes regular sessions, and supports other cultural associations with similar purposes.
The festival headline bands have included Altan, Tommy Makem, Clancy Brothers, Aoife Clancy, Cathie Ryan, Makem Brothers, Dervish, Greenfields of America, Cherrish the Ladies, Solas, and Celtic Spring.
Local musicians include many performances from local North Texas pipe and drum bands as well as music from dozens of artists from Texas and surrounding states appearing on nine stages of live music running concurrently. 
NTIF celebrated its 27th anniversary in March, 2009 in an expanded location with a record attendance of over 62,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="18863068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863068" title="Tatary (disambiguation)">
Tatary (disambiguation)

Tatary, or Tartary, was a historical region of Asia.
Crim Tatary is an archaic English expression for Crimea or the Crimean Khanate.
Tatary may also refer to the following Tatar villages:

</doc>
<doc id="18863072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863072" title="Lohner">
Lohner

Lohner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18863080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863080" title="Mont Gond (Nendaz)">
Mont Gond (Nendaz)

Mont Gond is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, overlooking Siviez, south of Nendaz in the canton of Valais.

</doc>
<doc id="18863083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863083" title="Identity token">
Identity token

Identity token may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18863092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863092" title="Pottsville, Texas">
Pottsville, Texas

Pottsville is an unincorporated community located in western Hamilton County in Central Texas. It lies along Fm-218 west of the city of Hamilton, the county seat of Hamilton County. Its elevation is 1,322 feet (403 m). Although Pottsville is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 76565; the ZCTA for ZIP Code 76565 had a population of 142 at the 2000 census.
Named for early settler John Potts, the community was founded as a dry town in 1872. Its first school was founded in 1876, and the post office was established in 1879. Pottsville has undergone multiple catastrophes: every business was burned in a 1913 fire, and great damage was done by a 1944 tornado.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by relatively high temperatures and evenly distributed precipitation throughout the year. The Köppen Climate System describes the weather as humid subtropical, and uses the abbreviation "Cfa".

</doc>
<doc id="18863101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863101" title="Giordano Ferrari">
Giordano Ferrari

Giordano Ferrari (born 23 January 1956) is a retired Italian high jumper. He won one medal, at senior level, at the International athletics competitions.
Biography.
He finished seventh at the 1975 European Indoor Championships and won the gold medal at the 1975 Mediterranean Games. His personal best jump is 2.20 metres, achieved in May 1975 in Fiorano Modenese. He has 8 caps in national team from 1974 to 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18863112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863112" title="Dent de Nendaz">
Dent de Nendaz

The Dent de Nendaz (literally "Tooth of Nendaz") is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Nendaz in the canton of Valais. Its 2,463 metre high summit can be easily reached from the cable car station of Tracouet (2,200 m).

</doc>
<doc id="18863128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863128" title="Mont Blava">
Mont Blava

Mont Blava is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, overlooking the Lac des Dix in the canton of Valais.

</doc>
<doc id="18863132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863132" title="Vlastimil Picek">
Vlastimil Picek

Vlastimil Picek (25 October 1956) is a Czech soldier and politician. He served as the Minister of Defence of the Czech Republic from March 2013 to January 2014. From 2007 to 2012, he was the Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Czech Republic. He was the fourth person and the first member of Czech Air Force to serve at this position. He was appointed by President Václav Klaus and took office on 1 March 2007. He was replaced by Major General Petr Pavel as from 1 July 2012. On 18 September 2012 he was appointed the 1st Deputy Defence Minister. On 13 December 2012, he was dismissed by then new minister Karolína Peake and on 21 December 2012 reinstalled by Prime Minister Petr Nečas, after Nečas dismissed Peake. In March, 2013, he was appointed Minister of Defence.
Personal background.
Picek is divorced and has two sons. He enjoys tennis and skiing. He was a member of Communist Party of Czechoslovakia until 1990.
Education.
He graduated from Military Technical Secondary School in Nové Mesto nad Váhom in 1975. From 1976 to 1981 he studied at Military Academy in Brno. While studying at Military Academy, he attended two special courses, Internal study and internal study of intelligence. In 1993, Picek finished his postgraduate degree from Czech Technical University in Prague and in 1997 he finished the follow-on academic course of the General Staff at the Military Academy in Brno.

</doc>
<doc id="18863135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863135" title="Wagdi language">
Wagdi language

Wagdi (Vaghri) is one of the Bhil languages of India spoken mainly in Dungarpur and Banswara districts of Southern Rajasthan. It is mutually intelligible with Bhili (Bhil proper).
There are three dialects of Wagdi: Aspur, Kherwara, Sagwara and Adivasi Wagdi.

</doc>
<doc id="18863161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863161" title="Bec de la Montau">
Bec de la Montau

The Bec de la Montau is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, located south of Nendaz in the Swiss canton of Valais. It lies on the range that separates the Val de Nendaz from the Val d'Hérémence, which culminates at Le Métailler.

</doc>
<doc id="18863182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863182" title="Banque Financiere de la Cite v Parc (Battersea) Ltd">
Banque Financiere de la Cite v Parc (Battersea) Ltd

Banque Financiere de la Cite v. Parc (Battersea) Ltd [http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld199798/ldjudgmt/jd980226/banq01.htm 1 AC 221 is a recent and important case in unjust enrichment.
Facts.
Parc Ltd had got a loan from a bank called RTB, and given charge over its Battersea land as security. Parc Ltd got a second loan from OOL, which got another charge. BFC, a Swiss bank, gave Parc Ltd a third loan of DM30m but got no charge. Instead it got a ‘postponement letter’ saying other companies in the group (including OOL) would not enforce their charges until BFC had been paid. Parc Ltd used the loan to pay off RTB. But OOL had given no authority to Parc Ltd to give that letter. When Parc Ltd went insolvent, BFC claimed subrogation to be paid in priority of OOL.
Judgment.
The House of Lords held that BFC should be subrogated in priority to OOL.
In the course of his judgment, Lord Hoffmann said on the principles behind liability in unjust enrichment, (at 227),

</doc>
<doc id="18863185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863185" title="Mont Rouge">
Mont Rouge

Mont Rouge is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located south of Nendaz and Hérémence in the canton of Valais. It lies between the valleys of Nendaz and Hérémence, on the chain north of the Rosablanche.

</doc>
<doc id="18863198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863198" title="P. J. Rhodes">
P. J. Rhodes

Peter John Rhodes, FBA known as P. J. Rhodes, is a British academic and ancient historian. He is Professor Emeritus of Ancient History at the University of Durham. He has specialized in Greek politics and political institutions.
Academic career.
In 1965, Rhodes became a lecturer in Classics and Ancient History at the University of Durham, in England. He was later promoted to senior lecturer. He was appointed Professor of Ancient History in 1983. He retired in 2005, becoming Professor Emeritus. 
His major works include the definitive modern treatment of the Athenian Council (or "Boule"), the now standard commentary on the constitutional treatise on Athens produced by Aristotle or under his supervision (the "Athenaion Politeia"), and a general book on Athens’ overseas empire.
Books.
Translated
Edited

</doc>
<doc id="18863199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863199" title="Stan Kozlowski">
Stan Kozlowski

Stanley J. Kozlowski (February 25, 1924 – August 23, 1972) was an American football fullback in the All-America Football Conference for the Miami Seahawks. He played college football at the University of Notre Dame and the College of the Holy Cross and was drafted in the third round of the 1946 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins. In August 1972, he was walking across a street and was hit by a car. He died a few hours later at a hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="18863204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863204" title="Pic d'Artsinol">
Pic d'Artsinol

Pic d'Artsinol (also Pic d'Arzinol) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, located west of Evolène in the canton of Valais.

</doc>
<doc id="18863206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863206" title="Vincenty's formulae">
Vincenty's formulae

Vincenty's formulae are two related iterative methods used in geodesy to calculate the distance between two points on the surface of a spheroid, developed by Thaddeus Vincenty (1975a) They are based on the assumption that the figure of the Earth is an oblate spheroid, and hence are more accurate than methods such as great-circle distance which assume a spherical Earth.
The first (direct) method computes the location of a point which is a given distance and azimuth (direction) from another point. The second (inverse) method computes the geographical distance and azimuth between two given points. They have been widely used in geodesy because they are accurate to within 0.5 mm (0.020″) on the Earth ellipsoid.
Background.
Vincenty's goal was to express existing algorithms for geodesics on an ellipsoid
in a form that minimized the program length
mentions the use of a Wang
720 desk calculator which had only a few
kilobytes of memory. To obtain good accuracy for long lines, the
solution uses the classical solution of Legendre (1806), Bessel (1825),
and Helmert (1880) based on the auxiliary sphere. (Vincenty relied on
formulation of this method given by Rainsford, 1955.) Legendre showed
that an ellipsoidal geodesic can be exactly mapped to a great circle on
the auxiliary sphere by mapping the geographic latitude to reduced
latitude and setting the azimuth of the great circle equal to that of
the geodesic. The longitude on the ellipsoid and the distance along the
geodesic are then given in terms of the longitude on the sphere and the
arc length along the great circle by simple integrals. Bessel and
Helmert gave rapidly converging series for these integrals which allow
the geodesic to be computed with arbitrary accuracy.
In order to minimize the program size, Vincenty took these series,
re-expanded them using the first term of each series as the small
parameter, and truncated them to order "ƒ"3. This resulted in
compact expressions for the longitude and distance integrals.
The expressions were put in Horner
(or "nested") form, since this
allows polynomials to be evaluated using only a single temporary
register. Finally, simple iterative techniques were used
to solve the implicit equations in the direct and inverse methods; even
though these are slow (and in the case of the inverse method it sometimes does
not converge), they result in the least increase in code size.
Notation.
Define the following notation:
Inverse problem.
Given the coordinates of the two points ("φ"1, "L"1) and ("φ"2, "L"2), the inverse problem finds the azimuths "α"1, "α"2 and the ellipsoidal distance "s".
Calculate "U"1, "U"2 and "L", and set initial value of "λ" = "L". Then iteratively evaluate the following equations until "λ" converges:
When "λ" has converged to the desired degree of accuracy (10−12 corresponds to approximately 0.06mm), evaluate the following:
Between two nearly antipodal points, the iterative formula may fail to converge; this will occur when the first guess at "λ" as computed by the equation above is greater than "π" in absolute value.
Direct Problem.
Given an initial point ("φ"1, "L"1)
and initial azimuth, "α"1, and a distance, "s", along
the geodesic the problem is to find the end point
("φ"2, "L"2) and azimuth,
"α"2.
Start by calculating the following:
Then, using an initial value formula_22, iterate the following equations until
there is no significant change in "σ":
Once "σ" is obtained to sufficient accuracy evaluate:
If the initial point is at the North or South pole then the first equation is indeterminate.
If the initial azimuth is due East or West then the second equation is indeterminate. 
If a double valued "atan2" type function is used then these values are usually handled correctly.
Vincenty's modification.
In his letter to Survey Review in 1976, Vincenty suggested replacing his series expressions for "A" and "B" with simpler formulas using Helmert's expansion parameter "k"1:
formula_31<br><br>
formula_32<br><br>
whereformula_33
Nearly antipodal points.
As noted above, the iterative solution to the inverse problem fails to converge or converges slowly for nearly antipodal points. An example of slow convergence is ("φ"1, "L"1) = (0°, 0°) and ("φ"2, "L"2) = (0.5°, 179.5°) for the WGS84 ellipsoid. This requires about 130 iterations to give a result accurate to 1 mm. Depending on how the inverse method is implemented, the algorithm might return the correct result (19936288.579 m), an incorrect result, or an error indicator. An example of an incorrect result is provided by the NGS online utility which returns a distance which is about 5 km too long. Vincenty suggested a method of accelerating the convergence in such cases (Rapp, 1973).
An example of a failure of the inverse method to converge is ("φ"1, "L"1) = (0°, 0°) and ("φ"2, "L"2) = (0.5°, 179.7°) for the WGS84 ellipsoid. In an unpublished report, Vincenty (1975b) gave an alternative iterative scheme to handle such cases. This converges to the correct result 19944127.421 m after about 60 iterations; however, in other cases many thousands of iterations are required.
Newton's method has been successfully used to give rapid convergence for all pairs of input points (Karney, 2013).

</doc>
<doc id="18863209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863209" title="Xıdırlı, Salyan">
Xıdırlı, Salyan

Xıdırlı (also, Chidirly, Khidirly, Khidyrly, Khydyrly, and Kochev’ye) is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,977. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863212" title="Kürdçü">
Kürdçü

Kürdçü (also, Kurtchu, Kyurkchili, and Mirizali) is a village in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Atbulaq.

</doc>
<doc id="18863213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863213" title="Atbulaq">
Atbulaq

Atbulaq (also, Atbulak) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,175. The municipality consists of the villages of Atbulaq and Kürdçü.
References.
`

</doc>
<doc id="18863214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863214" title="Ağacanlı">
Ağacanlı

Ağacanlı (also, Agadzhanly) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 351. 
References.
Ağacanlı is the native name for the area . the alternative name for this area is Agacanli.This geographical location for agacanli is Azerbaijan, Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="18863219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863219" title="Qızılburun">
Qızılburun

Qızılburun (also, Kochevka Kyzyl-Burun and Kyzylburun) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,034. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863220" title="Cameron Wright (athlete)">
Cameron Wright (athlete)

Cameron Wright (born 7 November 1972) is a retired American high jumper.
He competed at the 1996 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
His personal best jump is 2.30 metres, achieved in June 1996 in Atlanta.
Missouri valley conference outdoor record holder (2.27 m) 
Southern Illinois University hall of fame 2011

</doc>
<doc id="18863222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863222" title="Nəvahı">
Nəvahı

Nəvahı (also, Navahı and Navagi) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,354. The municipality consists of the villages of Nəvahı and Pirsaat.

</doc>
<doc id="18863227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863227" title="Dextra Bank &amp; Trust Company Limited v Bank of Jamaica">
Dextra Bank &amp; Trust Company Limited v Bank of Jamaica

Dextra Bank & Trust Company Limited v Bank of Jamaica [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKPC/2001/50.html UKPC 50 is a recent and important case in unjust enrichment in the Privy Council.
Facts.
Dextra drew a cheque for $2,999,000 from its bankers to lend to the Bank of Jamaica. Its agents told Dextra the money was for a loan. The Bank of Jamaica was told the money was for foreign currency purchased by its agents. They gave the money to the agents, but the agents were fraudsters. Dextra wanted restitution.
Judgment.
The Privy Council held that the claim failed, first because Dextra had made no relevant mistake of fact, and second because the Bank of Jamaica had changed its position. On the question of the change of position defence, Dextra argued that the Bank of Jamaica were relatively at fault, and therefore their defence should fail. Lord Bingham and Lord Goff said in the course of their advice,

</doc>
<doc id="18863233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863233" title="Birinci Meyniman">
Birinci Meyniman

Birinci Meyniman (also, Meyniman Pervoye) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,408. The municipality consists of the villages of Birinci Meyniman and Meyniman.

</doc>
<doc id="18863235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863235" title="Ed Broxterman">
Ed Broxterman

Ed Broxterman (born 28 November 1973) is a retired American high jumper.
He competed at the 1996 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
His personal best jump is 2.30 metres, achieved in June 1996 in Atlanta.
He's currently working for Westar Energy in Leavenworth KS.

</doc>
<doc id="18863237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863237" title="Hajiqabul">
Hajiqabul

Qazıməmməd (also, Qaziməmməd, Adshikabul, Adzha-Kabul, Adzhikabul, Aja Kabul, Kasi-Mahomed, Kazi Mahomed, Kazi-Magomed, Hajigabul, and Kazi-Magomet) is a city and municipality in and the capital of the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 23,512. The municipality consists of the city of Qazıməmməd and the village of Balıqçı.

</doc>
<doc id="18863241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863241" title="Palanche de la Cretta">
Palanche de la Cretta

The Palanche de la Cretta is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Evolène in the canton of Valais. It lies north of Mont de l'Etoile.

</doc>
<doc id="18863243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863243" title="İkinci Meyniman">
İkinci Meyniman

İkinci Meyniman (also, Meyniman and Meyniman Vtoroye) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 300. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863246" title="Talış, Hajigabul">
Talış, Hajigabul

Talış (also, Beyuk-Talysh, Bol’shoy Talysh, and Talysh) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,636. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863254" title="Kolanı, Hajigabul">
Kolanı, Hajigabul

Kolanı (also, Kelany-Turany, Kolany, and Kolany-Turuny) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,944. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863255" title="Qaraqaşlı, Sabirabad">
Qaraqaşlı, Sabirabad

Qaraqaşlı (also, Karakashly) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,406.

</doc>
<doc id="18863264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863264" title="Kolanı">
Kolanı

Kolanı or Kelany or Kolany or Kelan’ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18863273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863273" title="Mont de l'Etoile">
Mont de l'Etoile

Mont de l'Etoile is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located west of Les Haudères in the canton of Valais. On its west side lies a glacier named "Glacier de Vouasson".

</doc>
<doc id="18863276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863276" title="Leo Williams (athlete)">
Leo Williams (athlete)

Leo Williams (born 28 April 1960) is a retired American high jumper.
He won the gold medal at the 1981 Summer Universiade and the silver medal at the 1983 Pan American Games. He also competed at the 1983 World Championships without reaching the final.
His personal best jump is 2.29 metres, achieved in June 1982 in Provo, Utah.
Leo competed for the US Naval Academy and Muncie Burris High School (IN) and led his track teams to numerous conference championships and invitational successes, winning the Tom DeWitt-Shelby Smith Academic Excellence Award combining athletic and advanced mathematics success. 
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18863287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863287" title="Electoral district of Ningaloo">
Electoral district of Ningaloo

Ningaloo was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia from 1996 to 2005.
The district was based in the rural north-west of Western Australia. Its population centres included Carnarvon, Cue, Denham, Exmouth, Gascoyne Junction, Meekatharra, Mount Magnet, Murchison, Nanutarra, Newman, Sandstone and Yalgoo.
History.
Ningaloo was first created for the 1996 state election and was abolished ahead of the 2005 state election. The district was represented by Liberal MP Rod Sweetman for its entire two terms.
At its abolition, Ningaloo's territory was divided between the new districts of Murchison-Eyre and North West Coastal.

</doc>
<doc id="18863290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863290" title="Zhang Yi (triathlete)">
Zhang Yi (triathlete)

Zhang Yi (; born January 30, 1987 in Chengdu, Sichuan) is a female Chinese triathlete. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics (Rank 42) and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18863291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863291" title="RMS Moldavia">
RMS Moldavia

The RMS "Moldavia" was a passenger steamship owned by the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company. She was launched on 28 March 1903 and travelled the England — Australia route "via" the Suez Canal.
The "Moldavia" was purchased by the Admiralty in 1915 and converted into an armed merchant cruiser. She was torpedoed and sunk on 23 May 1918 off Beachy Head in the English Channel by a single torpedo from the German Type UB III submarine . At the time she was serving as a troopship for United States troops. 56 US soldiers were killed in the sinking.
Building.
The "Moldavia" was built by Caird & Company of Greenock, Scotland for the 
Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company. Her yard number was 301 and she was launched on 28 March 1903. The completed ship was in length, a beam of and a draught of . Her gross tonnage was 9,500. Coal bunkerage was 2,000 tons and cargo about 3,500 tons. "Moldavia" was built for 348 first and 166 saloon class passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="18863292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863292" title="Daisy Davis">
Daisy Davis

John Henry Albert "Daisy" Davis (November 28, 1858November 5, 1902) was a right-handed professional baseball pitcher who played at the major league level in 1884 and 1885 for the St. Louis Browns and Boston Beaneaters.
Career.
Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Davis made his big league debut on May 6, 1884 for the Browns. In 25 games with them (24 starts), he went 10-12 with 20 complete games and an ERA of 2.90. His 6.49 strikeouts per nine innings pitched were second in the American Association that year, and 4.09 strikeout to walk ratio was eighth. He then appeared in four games for the Beaneaters, completing all of them but going only 1-3 with a 7.84 ERA. Overall, he went 11-15 with 23 complete games in 29 games (28 starts). He had a 3.57 ERA.
In 1885, he appeared in 11 games, completing 10 of them. He went 5-6 with a 4.29 ERA.
He played his final game on July 29. Overall, Davis went 16-21 with a 3.78 ERA in 40 games. He completed 33 of the games he pitched. As a batter, he hit .157 in 140 at-bats, and he had a .826 fielding percentage. Statistically, he is most similar to Stan Yerkes, according to the Similarity Scores at Baseball-Reference.com.
Following his death of consumption at the age of 43, he was interred at Pine Grove Cemetery in Lynn.

</doc>
<doc id="18863296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863296" title="Rəncbər">
Rəncbər

Rəncbər (also, Radzhibar, Randzhabar, and Randzhbar) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,894. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863297" title="Qubalıbalaoğlan">
Qubalıbalaoğlan

Qubalıbalaoğlan (also, Qubalıbaloğlan, Kubah, Kubali-Bala-Oglan, Kubaly, and Kubalybalaoglan) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,631. The municipality consists of the villages of Qubalıbalaoğlan and Pirsaatçay.

</doc>
<doc id="18863298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863298" title="Nyls Nyman">
Nyls Nyman

Nyls Wallace Rex Nyman is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played all or part of four seasons with the Chicago White Sox from until .
Nyman was selected by the White Sox in the 16th round of the 1972 Major League Baseball Draft. By 1974, he was already making an appearance at the major league level, going 9-for-14 in a September tryout. In , Nyman split time in left field with Jerry Hairston, playing 106 games with the White Sox, batting .226. Over the next two seasons, however, Nyman saw little time in the majors, with 15 at bats in and just a single pinch-hitting appearance in April 1977. In September, he was traded to the St. Louis Cardinals as part of the deal that brought ace reliever Clay Carroll to Chicago. He never again played in the major leagues, his big league career over at the age of 23. He did play two more seasons in the minor leagues, with his final season coming in with the Indianapolis Indians.
Nyman is the brother of fellow former major leaguer Chris Nyman. He is currently an assistant baseball coach at Lassen Community College in Susanville, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18863299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863299" title="Jerome Carter (athlete)">
Jerome Carter (athlete)

Jerome Carter (born 25 March 1963) is a retired American high jumper.
He won the bronze medal at the 1987 Pan American Games. He competed at the 1987 World Championships without reaching the final. He set the American Record in the high jump with a personal best of 2.37 meters (7' 9 1/2") in May 1988.
His personal best jump is 2.37 metres, achieved in May 1988 in Columbus, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="18863300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863300" title="Sex de Marinda">
Sex de Marinda

The Sex de Marinda is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located south of Grimentz in the canton of Valais. It lies east of the Sasseneire.

</doc>
<doc id="18863302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863302" title="Qarasu, Hajigabul">
Qarasu, Hajigabul

Qarasu (also, Gadzhiyevo and Karasu) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. "Qarasu" means "black water" in the Azerbaijani language. It has a population of 2,407. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863303" title="Cəyirli, Hajigabul">
Cəyirli, Hajigabul

Cəyirli (also, Dzhagirli) is a village in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18863306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863306" title="Birinci Paşalı">
Birinci Paşalı

Birinci Paşalı (also, Pashaly and Pashaly Pervyye) is a village in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Şorbaçı.

</doc>
<doc id="18863310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863310" title="Shorbachy Vtoryye">
Shorbachy Vtoryye

Shorbachy Vtoryye (also, Shorbanchi) is a village in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18863315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863315" title="Şorbaçı, Hajigabul">
Şorbaçı, Hajigabul

Şorbaçı (also, Shorbachi, Shorbachy, Shorbachy Pervyye, and Shorbanchi) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,440. The municipality consists of the villages of Şorbaçı, Birinci Paşalı, and İkinci Paşalı.

</doc>
<doc id="18863316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863316" title="Massacre at Ywahoo Falls">
Massacre at Ywahoo Falls

The Massacre at Ywahoo Falls (or the Great Cherokee Children Massacre) is alleged to have occurred on Friday, August 10, 1810, at Yahoo Falls, now in the Daniel Boone National Forest in southeast Kentucky, in which women and children of the Cherokee were supposedly massacred. The primary source of the story is "The Great Cherokee Children Massacre at Ywahoo Falls", written by Dan Troxell. The story is also mentioned in the 1999 book, "Hiking the Big South Fork", which gives Troxell as its source. Eventually the tale caught the attention of Dr. Kenneth Tankersley of the Native American Studies program at Northern Kentucky University who wrote an article called "Yahoo Falls Massacre, McCreary County, Kentucky" in the mid-2000s (apparently part of his upcoming book, "Kentucky Cherokee: People of the Cave"), though the only references he supplies directly related to the story of the massacre itself are oral interviews with members of the Troxell family.
The alleged massacre.
According to the tale, in order that the women and children of the Cumberland River valley might acquire a white-man's education, the Reverend Gideon Blackburn proposed to open a school on Cherokee land 125 miles away near Chattanooga (the story claims the school was in Sequatchie Valley), and on the day in question it was arranged that anybody seeking protection at the school should meet at Yahoo Falls at full moon. According to the story, they were to be led by the supposed "Cornblossom", alleged daughter of the War Chief Doublehead, but were instead massacred by a contingent of soldiers sent by John Sevier, who was from the State of Tennessee not the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
Controversy.
Doubt has been expressed as to whether the massacre ever actually occurred. There are apparently no contemporary records that document (or even mention) the massacre, nor any that record the existence of a "Princess Cornblossom" (not to mention that no such title as "Princess" ever existed among the Cherokee). Though the story is recorded as Cherokee oral history, it is unlikely that such an event could have gone completely undocumented, and no evidence has been found. The first written record of Cornblossom seems to occur in 1958 in a publication called "Legion of the Lost Mine" by Thomas H. Troxel, but Troxel admits in the foreword to his book that some of the characters in it are fictitious (though he doesn't say which). There is no mention of the massacre in this book; the first mention of that seems to be in the 1975 book "A History of the Daniel Boone National Forest 1770-1970", written by Robert F. Collins, with the Yahoo Falls section based upon information assembled by Troxel.
Monument.
On August 12, 2006, persons unknown placed an unofficial monument to the alleged massacre in the Daniel Boone National Forest (DBNF), next to the grave of one Jacob Troxell, who died 10 October 1810. In late September 2007, DBNF officials removed the monument for two reasons: first, it is illegal to put up a monument on federal land without permission, and second, they questioned whether the incident had actually taken place.

</doc>
<doc id="18863319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863319" title="Helvetiaplatz">
Helvetiaplatz

Helvetiaplatz may refer to several squares named after Helvetia in Switzerland:

</doc>
<doc id="18863322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863322" title="Birinci Udullu">
Birinci Udullu

Birinci Udullu (also, Tava, Udula, Uduli, Uduli Pervyye, Udullu Pervoye, Udulu, and Uduly) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul District of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,837. 
The name of the village comes from the ancestor of the late king Julienous Udullu Lacombous. The village has been named that way since 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="18863323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863323" title="Willis family">
Willis family

The Willis family are a fictional family from the Australian Network Ten soap opera "Neighbours", Introduced by Don Battye. The first member of the family to appear on-screen was Brad Willis in a guest capacity on 31 October 1989. His younger sister Cody arrived on 24 November 1989. The head of the family, Doug, moved into Ramsay Street the following year with his wife, Pam. Their eldest children, Adam and Gaby, joined them in 1990 and 1991 respectively. Doug's sister, Faye Hudson, arrived on 28 November 1991 and her son, Cameron Hudson joined her in March 1992. Bert Willis arrived in February 1993, while Gaby's son Zac was born on 25 July 1994. Brad, along with his new wife Terese, and their teenage children Imogen and Joshua will arrive in June 2013.
Brad Willis.
Bradley "Brad" Willis made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 31 October 1989. He was initially played by Benjamin Mitchell, before Scott Michaelson took over the role two years later. Brad was re-introduced alongside his sister, Gaby (Rachel Blakely), during a period of roller coaster ratings for the show. A reporter for the "Herald Sun" called Brad "one of the show's most popular characters" and commented that Michaelson had a huge following because of his "blonde surfer looks." For his portrayal of Brad, Michaelson earned a nomination for Most Popular Actor at the 1993 Logie Awards. Kip Gamblin will take over the role in June 2013.
Cody Willis.
Cody Willis, played by Amelia Frid, made her first on-screen appearance on 24 November 1989. Frid successfully auditioned for the role of Cody and she called the experience a "right time, right place thing", she also added that "it was all kind of surreal." Cody became the second member of the Willis family to arrive in Ramsay Street and she dates both Josh Anderson (Jeremy Angerson) and Todd Landers' (Kristian Schmid). Cody is described as a "studious girl".
Doug Willis.
Douglas "Doug" Willis , played by Terence Donovan, made his first screen appearance on 1 August 1990. Doug is described as being a "bit of a Regular Joe who didn't like rocking the boat or standing out from the crowd." He is also "a man's man" who is not afraid of using his fists and takes great pleasure from making home-brewed beer with Lou Carpenter (Tom Oliver). A writer for the BBC said Doug's most notable moment was "Having an affair with Jill Weir." Donovan made a brief return for the show's 20th anniversary celebrations in July 2005.
Pam Willis.
Pamela "Pam" Willis (née Beresford), played by Sue Jones debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 6 August 1990. Pam was Erinsborough's district nurse, and highly valued by the whole community. Her marriage to Doug at one point ran into trouble when he had an affair with Jill Weir, though this was eventually sorted out. Pam departed "Neighbours" in 1994, but she made a brief return in 1996 for several episodes involving the aftermath of the shooting and death of her youngest daughter, Cody.
Pam is characterised by her helpful personality, she loves her four children and continually tries to help them out. Pam extended her caring nature through her time on the show working as a nurse.
Pam is a qualified nurse. She met Doug Willis (Terence Donovan) after he got into her car, while nude. The couple fell in love and married in 1967 and they had a son, Adam (Ian Williams). Two years later, Pam fell pregnant again, but lost the baby to SIDS. The experience led her to become a fundraiser for awareness of the condition. In the 1970s, three more children followed, Gaby (Rachel Blakely), Brad (Scott Michaelson) and Cody (Amelia Frid). After Gaby and Brad left home, Pam and Doug decided to look for a smaller house.
Beverly Marshall (Shaunna O'Grady) and her husband, Jim (Alan Dale), invite Pam and Doug to dinner at their house, after the Willises purchase Number 28. Doug's flirting with Beverley angers Jim, but Pam defuses the situation by explaining that she is aware of her husband's flirty nature. The family quickly settle in and Pam returns to nursing. She is delighted when Adam and Cody decide to follow her into medicine. Cody's relationship with Todd Landers (Kristian Schmid) causes friction between the Willis family and the Robinsons. Shortly after Cody leaves for a scholarship in America and Adam relocates to Newcastle, Pam and Doug are joined by Brad and Gaby.
Pam becomes a personal nurse to Garth Kirby (Roy Baldwin), a friend of Doug's. Garth suffers from a terminal illness and he asks for Pam to help end his suffering, but she refuses. Garth dies and an autopsy reveals that he overdosed on his medication. The police charge Pam as they believe she killed him. Pam's nephew, Cameron Hudson (Benjamin Grant Mitchell) arrives to defend her in court and he realises that Pam left her bag unattended long enough for Garth to steal the medication and later kill himself. Pam is cleared of all charges, but her supervisor, Gail Williams (Hilary Henshaw), gives her a hard time. Pam and Jim begin spending a lot of time together as they work on a fundraising board. Jim admits he has feelings for her, but Pam rebuffs him. Pam later discovers Doug has had a one-night stand with Jill Weir (Lyn Semmler) and she throws him out. Pam seeks comfort in Jim's arms and they kiss. When Doug and Brad go missing at sea, Pam is worried. When they are found, Pam halts her divorce plans and forgives Doug.
Pam finds herself at odds with Brad's new girlfriend, Lauren Carpenter (Sarah Vandenbergh) as Brad had been previously engaged to Beth Brennan (Natalie Imbruglia), but had cheated on her with Lauren. When it emerges Brad is gambling, Pam falls out with him further leading him to move in with Lauren and her father Lou (Tom Oliver). However, Brad and Pam patch up their differences, before Brad leaves on a cruise ship for several months. Pam is thrilled when Brad and Beth get back together and get engaged. When Pam and Beth's mother, Bunny (Jan Huggett), start interfering, Brad and Beth decide to elope. Pam, Doug and Bunny track down the couple, but Brad and Beth do not have the heart to tell their parents that they are already married, so they agree to a second wedding ceremony at Number 26. Shortly after Cody returns from America, Pam notices the changes in her mood. This stems from the fact Cody's marriage to Drew Grover (Christopher Kirby) has ended and a lot of her old friends have since moved on. Pam later becomes suspicious when Cody begins seeing Michael Martin (Troy Beckwith) who has recently been released from juvenile detention. This causes a rift between Pam and Julie (Julie Mullins), Michael's stepmother. When Pam and Julie spot Michael and Danni Stark (Eliza Szonert) with syringes, they believe Michael is a junkie, but it transpires that Danni is a diabetic and the syringes contain her insulin.
Gaby gives birth to Zac (Jay Callahan) and Pam is delighted to become a grandmother. Gaby leaves for Darwin and Pam and Doug decide to move up there too. They sell Number 28 to the Kennedy family. Cody is shot during a siege between police and drug dealers and Pam hurries back down to Erinsborough to be by her bedside. Karl (Alan Fletcher) and Susan Kennedy (Jackie Woodburne) invite Pam to dinner in her old home. When Pam goes into hospital to visit Cody that evening, Cody seems as if she may make a full recovery, but she goes into cardiac arrest and is rushed into theatre She dies, leaving Pam devastated. Pam arranges for Cody's funeral to be held in Darwin, but a memorial service is held for her at Lassiter's Lake. Pam then returns home.
Josephine Monroe praised Pam in her book titled ""Neighbours: The first 10 years"" stating: "A real salt-of-the-earth-type. Pam could always be relied on to help out, especially if it benefited one of her four children." The BBC said Pam's most notable moment was "Kicking Doug out of the house after having he told her about his affair with Jill Weir."
Adam Willis.
Adam Willis, played by Ian Williams, made his first appearance on 9 August 1990. Williams was invited to play the role of Adam shortly after he appeared in "Bony", another Grundy production. Williams said the part appealed to him as it was flexible and Adam's humour kept him "fired up." Williams explained that he felt similar to his character as they both loved their families, but he was not impressed with Adam's naivety.
Adam is the eldest child of Doug (Terence Donovan) and Pam Willis (Sue Jones). When his parents and his younger sister Cody (Amelia Frid) decide to move to a smaller house in Ramsay Street, Adam opts to move with them as living on his own will be expensive as he is a medical student. The family move into Number 28 and Adam soon takes a job working for as a chauffeur for Helen Daniels's (Anne Haddy) limousine company Home James.
Adam soon falls for Caroline Alessi (Gillian Blakeney) and but she is involved with Jim Robinson (Alan Dale). Adam competes with Jim to win Caroline's affections which culminates in Adam injuring Jim during basketball practice, which fails to impress Caroline. After Jim and Caroline break up, Caroline realises she is attracted to Adam
and they begin dating. However, Adam's struggle with expenses in his student lifestyle leave him feeling inferior; and as a result he and Caroline split but remain good friends.
After struggling at university, Adam decides he wants to give up medicine and drops out to join Doug on his building site. Doug, however isn't convinced and engineers a plan to make Adam's time on the site miserable so he will return to medicine. The plan is successful and Adam returns to university to pursue his degree, much to Pam's delight.
Adam later falls for Gemma Ramsay (Beth Buchanan). Gemma is reluctant to commit to him after a failed relationship with Glen Donnelly (Richard Huggett), but realises she has strong feelings for him and they become a couple. Several months into the relationship, Gemma receives a job offer in Newcastle at an animal sanctuary and she leaves. Adam follows her a month later when he transfers to a local university. Adam completes his studies and becomes a doctor. He and Gemma become engaged.
The BBC said Adam's most notable moment was "Chauffeuring a Lassiter’s client while wearing a toga."
Gaby Willis.
Gabrielle "Gaby" Willis, played by Rachel Blakely made her first on-screen appearance 12 August 1991. A highly ambitious woman who works in the Robinson Corporation, though her aggressive nature is somewhat tempered after she gives birth to son Zac. Gaby becomes the proprietor of the upmarket boutique "Gabrielle's" until her departure in 1994. In 2005, Blakely was one of over twenty ex-cast members who returned to "Neighbours" to appear in Annalise Hartman's documentary film about Ramsay Street.
Faye Hudson.
Faye Hudson (née Willis), played by Lorraine Bayly, made her first on screen appearance on 28 November 1991. Shelley Dempsey of "The Sun-Herald" branded Faye a "busybody". Bayly chose to leave her role to begin rehearsing for a stage show. She made her last appearance as Faye on 14 May 1992.
Faye arrives in Erinsborough and begins staying at Number 28 much to the consternation of her brother, Doug (Terence Donovan), and his family. During the first day of her arrival, she scolds Toby Mangel (Ben Guerens) for playing with snails, which Doug has asked him to collect and criticizes Pam's cooking. Faye's presence serves to irritate the family when she meddles in their affairs and generally takes over the house. The family try various schemes to get rid of her but they backfire. Faye leaves for a short holiday with Nev Cusack (Ewing), a friend of Doug's and when she returns Faye reveals that she and Nev are engaged. On the day of the wedding, Doug is forced to break the news that Nev has jilted her. After her initial unhappiness, Faye pursues Jim Robinson (Alan Dale) much to his displeasure. Jim enlists Dorothy Burke's (Maggie Dence) help to stage a cover that they are a couple to ward off Faye's attention.
Faye's stay with the Willises comes to an end when she oversteps the mark by inviting Doug's childhood sweetheart, Alexandra Lomax (Chantal Contouri) to dinner and telling Pam that Doug only married her on the rebound. Doug tells her to leave and she does, only to move two doors down to Number 32 which she rents from Helen Daniels (Anne Haddy). Cameron (Benjamin Grant Mitchell), Faye's estranged son arrives to defend Pam on a murder charge and later moves in with her after they repair their relationship. Gaby (Rachel Blakely), Faye's niece opens her own fashion boutique Gabrielle's at the Lassiter's complex and Faye cannot help but interfere. One night, Faye fails to turn off a heater, which results in the shop burning down. For a while she remains silent but confesses to a furious Gaby. The insurance company take a suit against Faye and she flees Erinsborough at night. Faye later communicates with the family via postcards and is last known to be living in Paris.
The BBC said Faye's most notable moment was "Being jilted at the altar by Nev Cusack." Faye was nominated for Soap's Biggest Bitch at the 1993 Inside Soap TV Awards.
Cameron Hudson.
Cameron Hudson, played by Benjamin Grant Mitchell, made his first appearance on 24 March 1992. Mitchell had recently finished appearing in the Victorian State Opera's production of "The Wizard of Oz". 
Cameron is the son of Faye Hudson (Lorraine Bayly), who arrives in Ramsay Street in to defend his aunt Pam Willis (Sue Jones) who is accused of murdering Garth Kirby (Roy Baldwin). Cameron is able to prove Pam's innocence successfully. Cameron repairs his fraught relationship with Faye and moves in with her at Number 32. After Faye
moves out, Cameron invites Beth Brennan (Natalie Imbruglia) to move in with him. Cameron becomes involved with Jacqueline Summers (Tiffany Lamb) after he helps her on a case but the relationship ends when he finds that he could be facing legal proceedings for becoming involved with a client and when Jacqueline realises he is not completely convinced of her innocence in the case.
Cameron later finds himself offside with the Martin family when he defends Raymond Chambers (Greg Parker) who is accused of trying to abduct Hannah (Rebecca Ritters). Despite Chambers' ex-wife mentioning that he had previously tried to kidnap their daughter in Hong Kong and eyewitness testimony from Toby Mangel (Ben Guerens), Chambers is acquitted, furthering Cameron's stress and he begins to doubt himself as a lawyer. When Cameron intervenes in a confrontation between Chambers and Toby, He is even more convinced of Chambers' guilt and when Cameron arrives home, he finds Chambers' waiting for him in the dark and he blames Cameron for his life being ruined. Cameron forces Chambers to get help and after he breaks down in tears, Chambers hands himself into the police and confesses to the abduction. The Martins apologise for their treatment of Cameron.
After Helen Daniels (Anne Haddy) wants to rent Number 32 to the Martins, Cameron and Beth move in with Lou Carpenter (Tom Oliver). During this, Cameron does some investigating and discovers Gavin Heywood (Peter Hosking) is involved in some shady business. When Heywood catches Cameron, He has him roughed up by some thugs and is about to have him thrown down a lift shaft. Cameron offers to work for Heywood to prevent being killed and uses this to gain more information.
Heywood then begins involving members of Cameron's family in his business.
Cameron's life is endangered again when he overhears Heywood and his associate Noddy (Richard Piper) plot to kill him but he engineers a plan which results in Heywood's downfall. Cameron then changes career track and becomes a journalist for the Erinsborough news but is frustrated and surprises everyone with his next career choice; stand-up comedy
When Lou's daughter, Lauren (Sarah Vandenberg) arrives from Queensland, Cameron is smitten with her but does not know she is having an affair with Cameron's cousin, Brad (Scott Michaelson). In order to ward off Cameron's suspicions, Lauren agrees to go out with him. The truth later emerges and Cameron leaves Erinsborough in disgust.
Bert Willis.
Bert Willis, played by Bud Tingwell, made his first screen appearance on 18 February 1993. Bert is Doug (Terence Donovan) and Faye's (Lorraine Bayly) father. He walked out on his wife and children when they were young, leading to a falling out with Doug that lasted for many years. Bert's granddaughter, Gaby (Rachel Blakely), got in touch with him and they began a correspondence. She and her mother later invited Bert to stay with them, although Doug was against the idea. An "Inside Soap" writer commented "He won't tell them what the problem is, and they think that whatever it is, they can re-build the relationship. But they've got to work fast because times's not on their side."
Bert is asked to come and stay with his family in Erinsborough by his granddaughter Gaby. Bert tries to explain and apologise to his son, Doug, for walking out on him and the family. However, Doug is unable to forgive his and asks that he leave. While speaking to Wayne Duncan (Jonathan Sammy Lee), Bert reveals that he is dying and Wayne realises that he came to make amends before he died. He eventually tells Doug about Bert's condition and Doug manages to stop his father from leaving on a boat, before making up with him. Bert is grateful to Wayne for his part in the reunion with Doug. He tells Gaby that his dying wish is to see her and Wayne get together as a couple.
The episode featuring Bert's revelation about his terminal cancer was nominated for the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Episode in a Television Drama Serial in 1993.
Zac Willis.
Shannon Zachary "Zac" Willis, played by Jay Callahan, was born on screen during the episode broadcast on 25 July 1994. Zac's mother, Gaby (Rachel Blakely), became pregnant to her flying instructor, Jack Flynn (Mark Pennell). Shortly after she announced her pregnancy, Cheryl Stark (Caroline Gillmer) also announced she was pregnant. Josephine Monroe, author of "Neighbours: The First 10 Years", said everyone expected Gaby to give birth first, but "in true "Neighbours" style" both Gaby and Cheryl went into labour at the same time. Gaby gave birth to a healthy baby boy, while Cheryl gave birth to a daughter who was premature. Gaby names her son, Shannon, but Cheryl also uses the name for her daughter. While registering the birth, Doug Willis (Terence Donovan) decides to name his grandson, Zachary, after his grandfather. Gaby was not happy, but realised she liked the shortened version of the name, Zac. Jack returns and reveals he wants to be part of his son's life. When Gaby gets a job in Darwin, Jack decides to move with her and Zac. Shortly before they leave, the Willis family have a naming ceremony at Number 28 and Gaby plants a tree for Zac.
Reception.
During a feature on "Neighbours", Anna Pickard of "The Guardian" tried to choose the characters she would be most starstruck by if she met them. She said "It would have to be the Willis family. All of them. Pam, Doug, Adam, Gaby, Brad and Cody".

</doc>
<doc id="18863325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863325" title="Tom McCants">
Tom McCants

Tom McCants (born 27 November 1962) is a retired American high jumper.
He finished twelfth at the 1987 World Championships. He also competed at the 1989 World Indoor Championships without reaching the final.
His personal best jump is 2.37 metres, achieved in May 1988 in Columbus, Ohio.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18863326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863326" title="Padarqışlaq">
Padarqışlaq

Padarqışlaq (also, Padar) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,247.

</doc>
<doc id="18863331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863331" title="Tağılı">
Tağılı

Tağılı (also, Tagily and Tagyay) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 332. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863334" title="İkinci Udullu">
İkinci Udullu

İkinci Udullu (also, Dzhangyan-Udulu, Dzhankend, Uduli Vtoryye, and Udullu Vtoroye) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,295. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863336" title="Qubalı">
Qubalı

Qubalı (also, Kubaly) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 430. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863340" title="John Guy">
John Guy

John Guy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18863342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863342" title="Ağbulaq, Ismailli">
Ağbulaq, Ismailli

Ağbulaq (also, Ag-Bulag and Agbulak) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 372. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863346" title="La Maya (mountain)">
La Maya (mountain)

La Maya is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, overlooking St-Martin in the canton of Valais. It lies between the Val d'Hérens and the Val de Réchy, west of the Becs de Bosson.

</doc>
<doc id="18863349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863349" title="John Dunlap (American football)">
John Dunlap (American football)

John Dunlap (born January 3, 1986 in Hollywood, California) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Miami Dolphins as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at North Carolina State.

</doc>
<doc id="18863352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863352" title="Lee Balkin">
Lee Balkin

Lee Balkin (born 7 June 1961) is a retired American high jumper. He competed at the 1987 World Championships without reaching the final. His personal best jump is 2.33 metres, achieved in July 1987 in Durham.
Balkin holds the school record in the high jump at Glendale High School in Glendale, California. On the outset that might not sound impressive, but the previous record was held by Dwight Stones, who was already a double Olympic medalist and the National High School Record holder. At the 1979 CIF California State Meet, Balkin jumped 7' 3½" which is still the state meet record.
Balkin later attended the University of California, Los Angeles, where he again surpassed Stones and is the number two high jumper on the school's top ten list.
Even while still jumping competitively, Balkin started coaching jumpers as an assistant coach at Glendale Community College. He remains there as both coach and teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="18863357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863357" title="Ağbulaq">
Ağbulaq

Ağbulaq or Aghbulag or Agbulak or Agbulakh or Agbulag or Aghboulagh or Aghbulagh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18863372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863372" title="Corne de Sorebois">
Corne de Sorebois

The Corne de Sorebois is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland. It is located near Zinal in Valais. "Sorebois" is the name of an alpine pasture on the east slopes of the mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="18863383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863383" title="PowerCom">
PowerCom

PowerCom is a division of Dynamic Services International Incorporation. It is based in New York city with satellite offices in other countries. It serves more than 80 countries worldwide. The audience response systems they offer are all made in the United States. It offers the latest ARS (Audience Response System) or GRS (Group Response System) combined with the add-in software for Microsoft PowerPoint. They also have the specialty program for large events and Moment to Moment software.
PowerCom is among the leading brand name for Audience Response System (ARS) or Group Response System (GPS) software that is made even powerful by its compatibility with Microsoft PowerPoint.
PowerCom is widely used for presentations, meetings, symposiums, lectures, trade shows, elections and all other events/activities that are stimulated by audience participation and cooperation. "PowerCom" is very easy to use and fully integrated with PowerPoint.
PowerCom provides ARS technology worldwide.
The System.
Audience response systems have been keeping up with modern technology. Today’s audience response systems run on the same computer used by people every day, wireless technology, infrared and radio frequency, faster processors, cheap storage memory, and widely available personal computers.
PowerCom provides customized features and functions to suit your every needs.
The Hardware.
"PowerCom ARS" uses Reply System hardware. The hardware allows the audience to interact and allows the presenter to collect audience feedback. There are three components that make up an audience response system: keypads, the base station, and the computer used to run the presentation software. With its patented FHSS RF technology, you will never lose a single vote.
"PowerCom" has customized features for specific industry needs and requirements. From the keypads to its Specialty Systems, PowerCom offers ARS how you want it, when you want it!
The Base Station.
The base station is responsible for the transfer of information from the keypad to the computer. Many of the base stations can vary widely in how they look. The size of it is not as important as the location because receiving a strong signal depends on location. There is radio frequency base stations. An infrared base station will operate like a TV remote control which means that it will need a direct line of sight from the device and the base station. In contrast, a radio frequency base station doesn’t need to be in a direct line of sight from the device. This gives you more freedom, allowing operation from different floors and rooms.
The Software.
Audience Response System Software
There are two main types of audience response software: stand alone software and presentation software add-ins (e.g. Microsoft PowerPoint). Audience response software lets the presenter collect participant data, display graphical polling results, and export the data to be used in reports and analysis.
Stand alone software works like any other type of software. Data collection and presentations are done through this. Their presentation modules usually have high quality graphics which are suitable for high-end audio-visual productions. Audience response professionals usually choose the standalone applications.
Add-in software has to be installed into other presentation software like PowerPoint or Apple Keynote. It modifies the presentation software by adding ARS capabilities. Add-in software uses the capabilities of a program while adding its support of an ARS system.
The software you choose is usually dependent upon the type of hardware you purchase and vice versa. Many hardware systems require you to use that company software with their systems because some of the software from other companies will not work on their systems. Until the ARS industry standardizes, this proprietary problem will continue to exist; however some systems do allow you to use different software titles because of similarities in the hardware.
When making a purchase, be sure to ask which software titles will be compatible with your hardware system.

</doc>
<doc id="18863384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863384" title="Rick Noji">
Rick Noji

Rick Noji (born 22 October 1967 in Seattle) is a retired American high jumper.
He finished eighth at the 1991 World Championships. He also competed at the 1993 and 1995 World Championships without reaching the final.
His personal best jump is 2.31 metres, achieved in February 1992 in Long Beach.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18863396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863396" title="Mont Noble">
Mont Noble

Mont Noble (2,673 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking the Val de Réchy in the canton of Valais.

</doc>
<doc id="18863404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863404" title="Jake Leicht">
Jake Leicht

Jacob Leicht (August 2, 1919 – May 18, 1992) was an American football halfback and defensive back in the All-America Football Conference for the Baltimore Colts. He played college football at the University of Oregon and was drafted in the tenth round of the 1946 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="18863406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863406" title="Ağcüyür">
Ağcüyür

Ağcüyür (also, Agdzhuvur and Agzhur) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 382. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863414" title="Roc d'Orzival">
Roc d'Orzival

The Roc d'Orzival is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Grimentz in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Becs de Bosson, on the chain between the Val de Réchy and the Val d'Anniviers.

</doc>
<doc id="18863420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863420" title="Bagdi">
Bagdi

The Bagdi or Wagdi are a people of India who are one of the Bhil tribes. They historically spoke the Wagdi language however today the argest number of Bagdi speak Hindi with others speaking such languages as Malvi and Marwari.
Traditionally the Bagdi were hunters and gatherers. However today they have become farmers and laborers. There is another unrelated group the Bagdi (caste) who live in West Bengal and Bangladesh. 
Religion.
The Bagdi follow an animistic religion. They also worship many Hindu deities.
Bagdi is a universal cast which one you can find in any religion in INDIA.
For Example Hindi Muslim Sikhs Christian and other have this sub caste which is known as SURNAME.
Basically it is started from Rajasthan where first time it discover as Kshatriya.
Somewhere in Rajasthan a king rules named BAGDI and after its death his son spread over INDIA and accept different different communities which one we saw.
So Bagdi is basically Kshatriya who divide.

</doc>
<doc id="18863430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863430" title="Robb Huxley">
Robb Huxley

Robert William Huxley, known as Robb Huxley (born December 4, 1945) is a vocalist, guitarist and musician.
Early life.
Huxley was born in Gloucester, England and educated at Sir Thomas Rich’s Grammar School. After leaving school in 1962, he joined a local band, the "Vendettas", as vocalist in 1963.
Professional career.
After the "Vendettas", Huxley moved on to join the "Whirlwinds" as lead singer under the name "Robb Gayle".
After a recording audition with Joe Meek, the "Whirlwinds" changed their name to the "Saxons" and dyed their hair blond. While still semi-pro they released a single through Joe Meek in 1965; It was an instrumental written by Pete Holder and Robb Huxley titled "Saxon War Cry".
In December 1965, Joe Meek summoned the "Saxons" to London to work professionally as his house band, renamed The Tornados. They were also known as the "New Tornados". During their short association with Joe Meek, they put out two singles. “Pop-Art Goes Mozart” / “Too Much in Love to Hear” and “Is that a Ship I Hear” / “Do You Come Here Often”. Both singles were released in 1966. Nowadays “Do you Come Here Often” is recognized as being the first ever openly “Gay” song to be released on record.
Almost a year after Joe Meek’s death in a shooting incident at his Holloway Road studio, with only Robb Huxley and Dave Watts remaining from the original line up, the "Tornados" left for a tour of Israel.
Early in February 1968 in Tel-Aviv the Tornados disbanded, which ended to Joe Meek’s succession of "Tornados".
In Israel.
Huxley remained in Israel and played with a three piece group called "Purple Ass Baboon" for a short time. The group was probably the first ever “punk” style band to play in Israel.
Huxley met up with Stan Solomon, Canadian singer with the Israeli band the Churchills and was invited to join the band when two members were subscripted into the Israeli army.
Huxley and Solomon went on to write the music for the "Churchills’" only album, which was written in part for the Israeli movie "A Woman’s Case". The vinyl album is acclaimed today to be the rarest psychedelic record in the world, and is also recognized for its musical content.
Huxley went on to write for Israeli singers, the most prominent being Arik Einstein who had a hit “Akhi Noam”, ("eng." When You’re Gone) which Huxley had written for the "Churchills’".
Huxley and Einstein collaborated on an album of children’s songs, with melodies written by Huxley and lyrics by Einstein.
After Stan Solomon quit the Churchills in 1969, the band became Arik Einstein’s backing band. They were also joined by singer Danny Shoshan, a former bass player and vocalist from "the Lions".
In 1970 they recorded an album "Junkies, Monkeys and Donkeys" at Red Bus Records in London, with music written by Huxley and Shoshan and changed their name to "Jericho Jones". They went on to record a second album under the name of Jericho, again with Huxley / Shoshan compositions
In 1972, bass player Miki Gavrielov and drummer Ami Trebich returned to Israel. Shoshan took over the bass with Huxley and Haim Romano on guitars. They took on British drummer Chris Perry. They put out two singles, but after a tour of South Africa in 1973, Jericho disbanded due to management, personal and record label problems.
Huxley moved to Miami in 1974, where he still lives with his Israeli wife.

</doc>
<doc id="18863435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863435" title="Crêt du Midi">
Crêt du Midi

The Crêt du Midi is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, overlooking Vercorin in the canton of Valais. The summit is accessible by cable car from Chalais or Vercorin (near Sierre).

</doc>
<doc id="18863441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863441" title="Oakville Armoury">
Oakville Armoury

Oakville Armoury is a Department of National Defence facility located in Oakville, Ontario, Canada. It is the home of 'A' company, The Lorne Scots (Peel, Dufferin and Halton Regiment) and the 1188 Lorne Scots Royal Canadian Army Cadet Corps.
The armoury is considered by its residents as the "Smallest Armoury in NATO", consisting of a few offices and an adequate parade square. The armoury is used by 'A' Company of the Lorne Scots and the Oakville Army Cadets for weekly training which involves mainly infantry and army cadet related training. The Oakville armoury is the smallest of the three armouries operated by The Lorne Scots. The largest is the armoury in Georgetown.
The closest intersection is Lakeshore Road and Thomas Street. It is located at 90 Thomas Street, Oakville, ON L6J 3A3.
See also.
List of Armouries in Canada

</doc>
<doc id="18863448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863448" title="J. Patrick Greene">
J. Patrick Greene

J. Patrick Greene OBE is a British archaeologist and a museum director.
Biography.
Greene was appointed in 1971 to conduct an exploratory excavation at Norton Priory near Runcorn in Cheshire, England. His findings were so important that he was retained for a total of 12 years to organise an excavation which "became the largest in area to be carried out by modern methods on any monastic site in Europe". The excavation formed the basis for a thesis which led to his award of PhD by Leeds University in 1986. In 1983 Greene was appointed as Director of the Museum of Science and Industry in Manchester. He was made an honorary Doctor of Science by Salford University in 1997. In 2002 he was appointed chief executive officer of Museum Victoria.
Greene has been President of the Museums Association (UK), Chairman of the European Museum Forum, Chair of the UK Expert Panel of the Heritage Lottery Fund: Museums, Archives and Libraries, and a member of the English Heritage Industrial Archaeology Panel. He is a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London, of the Museums Association and of the Tourism Society, and a member of the Council of Australian Museum Directors and the National Collections Advisory Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="18863451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863451" title="Mirili">
Mirili

Mirili (also, Mirilli) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 954. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863457" title="Pierluigi Benedettini">
Pierluigi Benedettini

Pierluigi Benedettini (born August 18, 1961) is a Sammarinese former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. Like other players from San Marino, he was an amateur and worked as a bus driver.
Benedetti made 25 appearances for the San Marino national team from 1990 to 1995. In 1992, Benedettini conceded 10 goals for San Marino against Norway in the World Cup Qualification European section Group 2 match at the Ullevall stadium in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="18863460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863460" title="Illhorn">
Illhorn

The Illhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Chandolin in the canton of Valais. With a height of 2,717 metres above seal level, it is the highest point of the Illgraben valley.
Illgraben debris flows.
Illgraben is best known for its literal breaking apart as the ancient mud that forms the mountain breaks apart and causes the resulting debris flows and mud slides. The areas is a popular hiking spot and these geomorphological processes are visible most years.

</doc>
<doc id="18863462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863462" title="Account-based marketing">
Account-based marketing

Account-based marketing (ABM), also known as key account marketing, is a strategic approach to business marketing in which an organisation considers and communicates with individual prospect or customer accounts as markets of one. Companies such as BearingPoint, HP, Kilroy Travels, Progress Software and Xerox are reported to be leading the way.
Overview.
Account-based marketing has grown since the mid-1990s as a demonstration of the trend away from mass marketing towards more targeted approaches. It parallels the movement in business-to-consumer marketing away from mass marketing where organisations try to sell individual products to as many new prospects as possible to 1:1 marketing where they concentrate on selling as many products as possible to one customer at a time.
While business marketing is typically organised by industry, product/solution or channel (direct/social/PR), account-based marketing brings all of these together to focus on individual accounts.
Background and differences with traditional business marketing.
In the marketing of complex business propositions, account-based marketing plays a key role in expanding business within existing customer accounts (where, for example, wider industry marketing would not be targeted enough to appeal to an existing customer). In scenarios where the initial sale has taken several months, it is reported that account-based marketing delivers a dramatic increase in the long-term value of the customer. ABM can also be applied to key prospect accounts in support of the first sale. For example, Northrop Grumman, in which it contributed to the completion of a successful $2 billion deal.
Research demonstrates that buyers are looking for their existing suppliers to keep them updated with relevant propositions, but are often disappointed with this. In UK research, existing suppliers came top of all the different information channels that IT buyers use to look for new solutions – but more than 50% felt that marketing by their suppliers was poor. The research also demonstrates how much easier it is for organisations to generate more sales from existing customers than from new customers - 77 per cent of decision-makers say that marketing from new suppliers is poorly targeted and makes it easy to justify staying with their current supplier. By treating each account individually, account-based marketing activity can be targeted more accurately to address the audience and is more likely to be considered relevant than untargeted direct marketing activity.
The roles of sales and marketing teams.
ABM is a strong example of the alignment of sales and marketing teams. In the aligned model, organizations able to unite tactical marketing efforts with defined sales goals and use feedback from sales to identify new potential markets. For ABM to succeed, joint workshops and a close working relationship between sales and marketing are essential.
Marketing will also take an increased role in developing intelligence on key accounts – as proposed by Peppers and Rogers (1993): “When two marketers are competing for the same customer’s business, all other things being equal, the marketer with the greatest scope of information about that particular customer […] will be the more efficient competitor.”
Account-based marketing and the IT industry.
Organizations which are seeing the greatest current benefit from account-based marketing are IT, Services and Consulting companies. With complex propositions, long sales cycles and large customers, these organizations are ideal candidates for the approach.It is, though, spreading into other sectors. Many suppliers have woken up to the fact that the revenues of some of their customers exceed the GDP of some nation states. They are changing the amount of their resourcing accordingly.
Organizations supporting sales and marketing efforts in the IT industry – including the Information Technology Services Marketing Association (ITSMA), The Marketing Practice and VAZT Global, Inc.(VAZT) have developed a great deal of the intellectual capital and practical tools shaping the direction of ABM.The first to codify the trend was probably Bev Burgess when she was European MD of the ITSMA. She co-created the approach with organisations like Fujitsu, BT, HP and Accenture. Others have adapted it and modified it since
Choosing the key account.
Key accounts are accounts that are identified within organisations as being a focus for account-based marketing. Not all accounts meet the requirements to be designated as a strategic or key account and organisations need to be careful about which accounts to focus on for their account-based marketing efforts or risk losing a valuable client. When choosing, organisations should look at revenue history, account history, margins and profitability as well as the viability that the client in question would be interested in a long-term relationship. Lastly, asking what the client and the company have in common helps in solidifing the approach that the client cannot find this kind of service anywhere else.
There are also some red flags that help recognize that a relationship with a key account is about to change:.
ABM programmes.
Programme frameworks.
There are a number of different frameworks for account-based marketing campaigns but, in general, the following approach is used:
Strategies.
In terms of specific marketing activities that form part of account-based marketing programmes, the following provides a basis for selecting the appropriate tactics for any specific account

</doc>
<doc id="18863463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863463" title="Tony Barton (athlete)">
Tony Barton (athlete)

Orrin Anthony Barton (born 17 October 1969) is a retired American high jumper.
Barton was born in Washington, D.C.. He finished fifth at the 1992 World Cup, won the 1993 Summer Universiade, finished eighth at the 1993 World Championships, won the bronze medal at the 1995 World Indoor Championships and seventh at the 1995 World Championships. At one time he was the third ranked high jumper in the world and number one in the United States.
His personal best jump is 2.32 metres, achieved in June 1992 in New Orleans. He also had 8.16 metres in the long jump.
Tony Barton is now a police officer in the state of Virginia where he resides. He has three children Tyler, Marley and Jaden.

</doc>
<doc id="18863475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863475" title="Brunnethorn">
Brunnethorn

The Brunnethorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Oberems in the canton of Valais. It is located north of the higher Bella Tola.

</doc>
<doc id="18863483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863483" title="Chinese family of scripts">
Chinese family of scripts

The Chinese family of scripts are writing systems descended from the Chinese Oracle Bone Script and used for a variety of languages in East Asia. They include logosyllabic systems such as the Chinese script itself (or "hanzi", now in two forms, traditional and simplified), and adaptations to other languages, such as Kokuji (Japanese), Gukja (Korean), Chữ nôm (Vietnamese) and sawndip (Zhuang). More divergent are Tangut, Khitan large script, and its offspring Jurchen, as well as Yi script and possibly Korean Hangul, which were inspired by Chinese although not directly descended from it. The partially deciphered Khitan small script may be another. In addition, various phonetic scripts descend from Chinese characters, of which the best known are the various kana syllabaries, the zhuyin semi-syllabary, nüshu, and some influence on hangul.
The Chinese scripts are written in various calligraphic hands, principally Seal script, Clerical script, Regular script, Semi-cursive script, and Grass script. (See Chinese calligraphy and Chinese script styles.) Adaptations range from the conservative, as in Korean, which used Chinese characters in their standard form with only a few local coinages, and relatively conservative Japanese, which has coined a few hundred new characters and used traditional character forms until the mid-20th century, to the extensive adaptations of Zhuang and Vietnamese, each coining over 10,000 new characters by Chinese formation principles, to the highly divergent Tangut script, which formed over 5,000 new characters by its own principles.
Chinese script.
Origins.
The earliest Chinese writing consists of divinatory texts inscribed on ox scapulae and tortoise plastrons found at the last Shang dynasty capital near Anyang and dating from 1200 BC.
This Oracle Bone Script shows extensive simplification and linearization, which most researchers believe indicates an extensive period of development.
Although some Neolithic symbols have been found on pottery, jade or bone at a variety of sites in China, there is no consensus that any of them are directly related to the Shang oracle bone script.
Bronze inscriptions from about 1100 BC are written in a developed form of the script and provide a richer body of text.
Each character of the early script represents a word of Old Chinese, which at that time was uniformly monosyllabic.
The strategies used are traditionally classified into six categories (六書 "liùshū" "six writings") first recorded in the second century dictionary "Shuowen Jiezi".
Three of these categories involved a representation of the meaning of the word:
Evolved forms of these characters are still in among the most commonly used today.
Words that could not be represented pictorially, such as abstract terms and grammatical particles, were denoted using characters for similar-sounding words (the rebus strategy).
These phonetic loans (假借字 "jiǎjièzì") are thus new uses of existing characters rather than new graphic forms.
An example is "lái" "come", written with the character for a similar-sounding word meaning "wheat".
Sometimes the borrowed character would be modified slightly to distinguish it from the original, as with "wú" "don't", a borrowing of "mǔ" "mother".
Phono-semantic compounds (形聲字 "xíngshēngzì") were obtained by adding semantic indicators to disambiguate phonetic loans.
This type was already used extensively on the oracle bones, and has been the main source of new characters since then.
For example, the character originally representing "jī" "winnowing basket" was also used to write the pronoun and modal particle "qí".
Later the less common original word was written with the compound , obtained by adding the symbol "zhú" "bamboo" to the character.
Sometimes the original phonetic similarity has been obscured by millennia of sound change, as in "gé" < *"krak" "go to" and "lù" < *"graks" "road".
Many characters often explained as semantic compounds were originally phono-semantic compounds that have been obscured in this way.
Some authors even dispute the validity of the semantic compound category.
The sixth traditional category (轉注字 "zhuǎnzhùzì") contained very few characters, and its meaning is uncertain.
Styles.
Development and simplification of the script continued during the Western Zhou and Spring and Autumn periods, with characters becoming less pictorial and more linear and regular, with rounded strokes being replaced by sharp angles.
During the Warring States period, writing became more widespread, with further simplification and variation, particularly in the eastern states.
After the western state of Qin unified China, its more conservative seal script became the standard for the whole country.
A simplified form known as the clerical script became the standard during the Han dynasty, and later evolved into the regular script still used today.
At the same time semi-cursive and cursive scripts developed.
The Traditional Chinese script is currently used in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau.
Mainland China and Singapore use the Simplified Chinese variant.
Dialectal writing.
Until the early 20th century, formal writing employed Literary Chinese, based on the vocabulary and syntax of classical works.
The script was also used less formally to record local varieties, which had over time diverged from the classical language and each other.
The logographic script easily accommodated differences in pronunciation, meaning and word order, but often new characters were required for words that could not be related to older forms.
Many such characters were created using the traditional methods, particularly phono-semantic compounds.
Adaptations for other languages.
The Chinese script was for a long period the only writing system in East Asia, and was also hugely influential as the vehicle of the dominant Chinese culture.
Korea, Japan and Vietnam adopted Chinese literary culture as a whole.
For many centuries, all writing in neighbouring societies was done in Classical Chinese, albeit influenced by the writer's native language.
Although they wrote in Chinese, writing about local subjects required characters to represent names of local people and places.
Later they sought to use the script to write their own languages.
Chinese characters were adapted to represent the words of other languages using a range of strategies, including
The principle of representing one monosyllabic word with one character was readily applied to neighbouring languages to the south with a similar analytic structure to Chinese, such as Vietnamese and Zhuang.
The script was a poorer fit for the polysyllabic agglutinative languages of the north-east, such as Korean, Japanese and the Mongolic and Tungusic languages.
Korean.
Chinese characters adapted to write Korean are known as "Hanja".
From the 9th century, Korean was written using a number of systems collectively known as Idu, in which Hanja were used to write both Sino-Korean and native Korean roots, and a smaller number of Hanja were used to write Korean grammatical morphemes with similar sounds. 
The overlapping uses of Hanja made the system complex and difficult to use, even when reduced forms for grammatical morphemes were introduced with the Gugyeol system in the 13th and 14th centuries.
The Hangul alphabet introduced in the 15th century was much simpler, and specifically designed for the sounds of Korean.
The alphabet makes systematic use of modifiers corresponding to features of Korean sounds.
Although Hangul is unrelated to Chinese characters, its letters are written in syllabic blocks that can be interspersed with Hanja. 
Such a Korean mixed script became the usual way of writing the language, with roots of Chinese origin denoted by Hanja and all other elements rendered in Hangul.
Hanja were abandoned in North Korea in the late 1940s, and their use in the South is rapidly declining.
Historically, a few characters were coined in Korea, such as 畓; these are known as "gukja" (國字).
Japanese.
Chinese characters adapted to write Japanese words are known as Kanji.
Chinese words borrowed into Japanese could be written with the Chinese character, while Japanese words could be written using the character for a Chinese word of similar meaning.
Because there have been multiple layers of borrowing into Japanese, a single Kanji may have several readings in Japanese.
Other systems, known as kana, used Chinese characters phonetically to transcribe the sounds of Japanese syllables.
An early system of this type was Man'yōgana, as used in the 8th century anthology "Man'yōshū".
This system was not quite a syllabary, because each Japanese syllable could be represented by one of several characters, but from it were derived two syllabaries still in use today.
They differ because they sometimes selected different characters for a syllable, and because they used different strategies to reduce these characters for easy writing: the angular katakana were obtained by selecting a part of each character, while hiragana were derived from the cursive forms of whole characters.
Such classic works as Lady Murasaki's "The Tale of Genji" were written in hiragana, the only system permitted to women of the time.
Modern Japanese writing uses a composite system, using kanji for word stems, hiragana for inflexional endings and grammatical words, and katakana to transcribe non-Chinese loanwords.
A few hundred characters have been coined in Japan; these are known as "kokuji" (国字), and include natural phenomena, particularly fish, such as 鰯 (sardine), together with everyday terms such as 働 (work) and technical terms such as 腺 (gland).
Vietnamese.
Vietnamese was first written from the 13th century using the "Chữ nôm" script based on Chinese characters, but the system developed in a quite different way than in Korea or Japan.
Vietnamese was and is a strongly analytic language with many distinct syllables (roughly 4800 in the modern standard language), so there was little motivation to develop a syllabary.
As with Korean and Japanese, characters were used to write borrowed Chinese words, native words with a similar sound and native words with a similar meaning.
In the Vietnamese case, the latter category consisted mainly of early loans from Chinese that had come to be accepted as native.
The Vietnamese system also involved creation of new characters using Chinese principles, but on a far greater scale than in Korea or Japan.
The resulting system was highly complex and was never mastered by more than 5% of the population.
It was replaced in the 20th century by the Latin-based Vietnamese alphabet.
Zhuang.
Zhuang has been written using Sawndip for over a thousand years. The script uses both Chinese characters and new characters formed using the traditional methods, as well as some formed by combining pairs of characters to indicate the pronunciation of a word by the "fanqie" method. The number of new created characters is similar in scale to the Chu nom of Vietnam. Even though an official alphabet-based writing system for Zhuang was introduced in 1957, Sawndip is still more often used in less formal situations.
Others.
Several peoples in southwest China recorded laws, songs and other religious and cultural texts by representing words of their languages using a mix of Chinese characters with a similar sound or meaning, or pairs of Chinese characters indicating pronunciation using the "fanqie" method.
The languages so recorded included Miao, Yao, Bouyei, Kam, Bai and Hani.
All these languages are now written using Latin-based scripts.
Chinese characters were also used to transcribe the Mongolian text of "The Secret History of the Mongols".
Scripts influenced by Chinese.
Between the 10th and 13th centuries, northern China was ruled by foreign dynasties that created scripts for their own languages.
The Khitan large script and Khitan small script, which in turn influenced the Tangut script and Jurchen script, used characters that superficially resemble Chinese characters, but with the exception of a few loans were constructed using quite different principles.
In particular the Khitan small script contained phonetic sub-elements arranged in a square block in a manner similar to the more sophisticated Hangul system devised later for Korean.
Other scripts in China that borrowed or adapted some Chinese characters but are otherwise distinct include Geba script, Sui script, Yi script and the Lisu syllabary.
List of scripts by type.
Logographic: Oracle Bone Script, Seal script, Clerical script, Standard Script, Semi-cursive script, Cursive script, Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese, Khitan script, Jurchen script, Tangut script, Zhuang logogram, Zetian characters, Hanja, Chữ Nôm and Kanji.
Syllabary: Hiragana, Katakana, Man'yōgana, Lisu syllabary, Nüshu script
Semi-syllabary: Zhuyin Fuhao, Gugyeol, Hyangchal, Idu
Alphabetic: Hangul

</doc>
<doc id="18863492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863492" title="James Lott">
James Lott

James Lott (born 13 October 1965) is a retired American high jumper and arena football player.
He finished tenth at the 1987 World Indoor Championships and won the gold medal at the 1987 Summer Universiade.
His personal best jump is 2.31 metres, achieved in May 1987 in Austin. In 1983, while competing for Refugio High School in Refugio, Texas, Lott set the National High school Record in the high jump at 7' 4¾" improving on the 4 year old record by Lee Balkin. The following year, Lott's record was improved upon by Dothel Edwards from Cedar Shoals High School in Athens, Georgia which lasted 25 years. Lott is still number 3 on the all time list behind Edwards and the current record holder James White from Grandview High School in Grandview, MissouriLott won 3 NCAA High Jump Titles at The University of Texas.
Lott also enjoyed an extensive Football career at The University of Texas. Lott started for the Longhorns in 1984 and 1985 at Cornerback. He was inducted into the Texas HS Football Hall of Fame in 1994, and is a Member of the SWC All Decade Team.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18863498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863498" title="Mark Hughes (journalist)">
Mark Hughes (journalist)

Mark P. Hughes is the Grand Prix editor for "Motor Sport magazine", a position he has held since the start of 2014. He is also an F1 correspondent for The Sunday Times and technical editor for the renowned motor racing annual, Autocourse. Hughes also provides analysis for British television coverage of Formula One, currently working in the role of technical analyst for Sky Sports following his previous role as commentary box producer for the BBC's coverage, in case commentators David Coulthard and Martin Brundle miss anything on track. He worked in a similar role for ITV when they had the rights to F1, assisting Brundle and James Allen. He has also written articles that have been published in The Daily Telegraph.
When Hughes worked for Autosport his Formula One race reports were widely acclaimed for their combination of cockpit insight, technical understanding and vivid prose; veteran motorsport author Eoin Young has described Hughes as "a talent with an amazing (...)ability" , and has compared him to Ernest Hemingway.
Hughes has had several F1-related books published. "Speed Addicts" (published by Harper Collins) was awarded ‘Best Illustrated Book’ at the 2006 British Sports Book Awards.
His co-authoured a book with racing driver Tommy Byrne, "Crashed And Byrned", which won the 2008 William Hill Irish Sports Book of the Year.
His brother is the racing driver Warren Hughes, and he is married. He has two children, Joseph and Mia.

</doc>
<doc id="18863505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863505" title="David Castro">
David Castro

David Ferreira Castro (born September 16, 1964 in São Paulo) was a long-distance freestyle swimmer from Brazil. He represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea in the 400-metre and 1500-metre freestyle events, see Brazil at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
David began his career in the pools of the Corinthians, where he remained for 10 years. Later, defending the club Paulistano, reached the Olympic passport.
At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, Castro finished 32nd in the 1500-metre freestyle, and 33rd in the 400-metre freestyle.
In 1990, Castro changed the city of São Paulo by the city of Santos, for two reasons: Unisanta's (Swim club linked to a University town) invitation, and the death of his father, who left him dejected, and encouraged Castro to change airs, with his mother.
Castro participated at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, finishing 5th in the 1500-metre freestyle.
Castro also won four titles in Brazil Trophy (1500-metre freestyle), five in Jose Finkel (1500-metre freestyle and 800-metre freestyle) and one runner-up in the 1990 South American (1500-metre freestyle), among other achievements. Ended his career in November 27, 2000. He graduated in Computer and Physical Education and speaks three languages (English, Spanish and French). Although the curriculum, the former swimmer has been unemployed since 2006, and lives with his 90-year mother's retirement income (and wiith his mother bedridden), receiving help from friends and food baskets - which was not always enough. Debt, almost lost his apartment and came up starving.

</doc>
<doc id="18863506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863506" title="Yuxarı Qaragüvəndli">
Yuxarı Qaragüvəndli

Yuxarı Qaragüvəndli (also, Yukhary Karagyuvyandli and Yukhary-Karakyuvendikly) is a village in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18863509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863509" title="Aşağı Qaragüvəndli">
Aşağı Qaragüvəndli

Aşağı Qaragüvəndli (also, Ashaga Karakyuvendikly and Ashagy Karagyuvyandli) is a village in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18863515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863515" title="Qızılkənd">
Qızılkənd

Qızılkənd (also, Kizyl-Kend and Kyzylkend) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,337. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863521" title="Qaragüvəndli">
Qaragüvəndli

Qaragüvəndli (also, Qaragüvəndikli, Qaraqüvəndli, and Karakyuvendikly) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,284. 
This village was created in 1991 when Aşağı Qaragüvəndli and Yuxarı Qaragüvəndli were merged.

</doc>
<doc id="18863523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863523" title="Pletschuhorn">
Pletschuhorn

The Pletschuhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking the Turtmanntal in the canton of Valais. It is composed of several summits, of which the highest has an elevation of 2,751 metres.
The closest locality is Gruben, on the east side of the mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="18863524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863524" title="Çaxırlı, Imishli">
Çaxırlı, Imishli

Çaxırlı (also, Chakhirly and Chakhyrly) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,550. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863527" title="The Secret Diaries of Abigail Titmuss">
The Secret Diaries of Abigail Titmuss

The Secret Diaries of Abigail Titmuss is the memoirs of British celebrity and model, Abi Titmuss. It was released on July 24, 2008 by Headline Review. 
It is written in the form of a diary and is a day-to-day summary of her life for the past six years. It includes an indepth look into the trial of Titmuss' then boyfriend, John Leslie, at the time when he had been accused of rape, her rise to fame and how she dealt with the tabloids invading her life.

</doc>
<doc id="18863533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863533" title="Golesh">
Golesh

Golesh () is a mountain in central Kosovo, high, near the town of Kosovo Polje and Pristina International Airport. A branch of the Drenica River originates on the mountain. On the top, there is a FM-/TV-broadcasting centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18863536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863536" title="Dowagiac Woods">
Dowagiac Woods

Dowagiac Woods Nature Sanctuary, commonly referred to as Dowagiac Woods, is a woods located in Cass County, Michigan. It is maintained and preserved by the Michigan Nature Association which is a non-profit organization dedicated to protecting Michigan's exceptional natural habitats and extraordinary and endangered plants and animals.
History.
This woods was virtually unknown even to people living nearby until 1975, when it came to the attention of the Michigan Nature Association because of a report from a member
that Blue-eyed Mary grew there. Response to an appeal by the Michigan Nature Association in 1981 for $110,000 to purchase the woods was overwhelming. Despite poor economic conditions in the state at the time, the campaign was completed in one year. Over 550 individual contributions were given, climaxed by a $20,000 grant from the Kresge Foundation. In a marvelous show of cooperation, twenty percent of the amount needed was raised in Cass County alone.
In February 2009, MNA purchased adjacent acreage to expand Dowagiac Woods to . It is MNA’s largest sanctuary in the Lower Peninsula.
About the Sanctuary.
Plants flourish at Dowagiac Woods in countless numbers. Over fifty species of wildflowers bloom in the spring. After the first flowers open, hepatica and bloodroot start, quickly followed by a profusion of blooming that continues right up through the time of Trillium grandiflorum. The tulip tree occurs in great numbers in the central forest, which is on slightly higher ground than the lowlands. Buds of the tulip tree unfold early. 
A top attraction in the Dowagiac Woods Nature Sanctuary is the abundance of Blue-eyed Mary, Collinsia verna. For six full weeks, beginning early in April, it reigns supreme. Over 150 beds can be seen from the trail, each averaging ten by twenty feet square.
Nearly fifty kinds of trees have been found at Dowagiac Woods Nature Sanctuary, including blue beech, black ash, black walnut and hackberry. The Ohio buckeye also thrives here in all sizes, from seedlings to one very tall tree that two people can scarcely reach around. The buckeye is the first tree to leaf out in the spring and blooms in late April.
Dowagiac Woods Nature Sanctuary is also home to many animals, including at least 49 different kinds of birds. The songs of the Yellow Warbler, Acadian Flycatcher and ruffed grouse can all be heard.

</doc>
<doc id="18863537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863537" title="Bagdi caste">
Bagdi caste

The Bagdis () are indigenous people descended from people with Dravidian links found in the Indian state of West Bengal and Bangladesh. The Bagdis are populous in Bankura, Birbhum and other districts in the western fringe of West Bengal. They speak Bengali
The Bagdis numbered 2,740,385 in West Bengal in the 2001 Indian census and were 14.9 per cent of the scheduled caste population of West Bengal. 47.7 per cent of the Bagdis were literate – 60.4 per cent males and 34.8 per cent females were literate.
At one time the Bagdis were one of the important professional warrior clans but some bands of Bagdis were involved in criminal activities and as a result were declared as criminal tribes. However, there are cases where they have been misled and misrepresented.

</doc>
<doc id="18863548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863548" title="Bagadi">
Bagadi

Bagadi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18863555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863555" title="Coeur d'Alene Press">
Coeur d'Alene Press

"Coeur d'Alene Press" is a US daily newspaper serving the Coeur d'Alene, Idaho area. It is owned by Duane Hagadone and the Hagadone Newspaper Group. The paper's target market includes Kootenai and Bonner counties.

</doc>
<doc id="18863561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863561" title="Hacıbabalı">
Hacıbabalı

Hacıbabalı (also, Gadzhhibabaly) is a village in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18863564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863564" title="Haçıalmuradlı">
Haçıalmuradlı

Haçıalmuradlı (also, Hajial-Muradli, Hajiali-Muradli, and Hadjialmuradli) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,232. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863567" title="Xəlfəli, Imishli">
Xəlfəli, Imishli

Xəlfəli (also, Khalfali) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,289. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863569" title="Bangalore Hi-Fliers">
Bangalore Hi-Fliers

The Bangalore Hi-Fliers are the Premier Hockey League(PHL) team from the IT Hub of India, Bangalore, Karnataka. The team is led by Tushar Khandekar a member of Indian Hockey team. They were previously named as Bangalore Lions because of sponsorship reasons.
Banglore Hi-Fliers is currently the most successful team in Premier Hockey League they won league twice in 2006 and 2008, beating Chandigarh Dynamos on both occasion in play-offs.
History.
Founding.
The club was formed on the back grounds of inaugural Premier Hockey League in year 2005. It started of with many host of hockey superstars from India, Pakistan and Malaysia. Hi-Fliers is the only teams who in every edition of the PHL displayed tactical and strategic hockey. They have had a good mix of young and experienced players. In the first edition at Hyderabad, their squad had as many as seven members from the national team. They played well in the first leg but failed to maintain the same tempo in the second set of matches and finished a disappointing fourth in the first edition.
Change Of Name and Rise.
In the year 2006 ING Life Insurance became the official team sponsor of Bangalore Hi-fliers and the team was re-christened as Bangalore Lions in the second and third edition. Lions went on to win league in 2006 and in 2007 they finished third, before going back to the original name in PHL - IV and again winning league.
Lions Era (2006-2007).
Teams name was changed to Lions in 2006,the team played brilliantly throughout and finished as the second team in the league to enter the best-of-three finals and pipped local favourites Chandigarh Dynamos to win the second edition. In the third final, Bangalore's Hariprasad scored a classic goal - that one effort earned him a place in the Indian team for the Asian Games and the World Cup. In the third edition, Bangalore failed to make it to the final by three points and finished third.
2008.
Team's name was again changed in 2008 and they were now called Bangalore Hi-fliers. Hi-fliers went on to win the league in 2008.
The greatest strength of the team is their star penalty corner specialist Len Aiyappa. The bald-pated drag flick expert bagged the Top Scorer award in the first 2005. The team's fortunes depend on the ability of their forwardline to get enough short corners for Len to click. 
Bangalore had eight internationals in their team and is also served by one of the best goalkeepers in the country, Bharath Kumar Chetri. Its Korean import You Hyo-sik has the ability to make speedy runs and he was an asset to the team. They also had two more foreign players Oliver Rutgers and Sebastian Westerholt from the Netherlands. Skipper Tushar Khandekar was the star to watch in the forward line and he has the seasoned and talented Sandeep Michael and Hariprasad to bolster the attack. Sunil and Cheyanna, two upcoming youngsters are the ones to watch out for in the frontline. Former skipper Arjun Halappa had the ability to play as an attacking midfielder and they had Bimal Lakra, a trusted soldier in the midfield, as the fulcrum of the team's fortunes - who was also be ably assisted by VS Vinay. With a mix of good players in all the departments who have the ability to play tactical modern hockey, Bangalore Hi-Fliers looked good for another shot at the title and they did what was expected from them. 
With their chief coach Ramesh Parameswaran joining the national duties, assistant coach and Olympian Ashish Ballal was in-charge of the coaching staff with another Junior India coach Edward Brient to assist him. Another former international CS Poonacha was the fitness trainer with the secretary of the Karnataka Hockey Association K Krishnamurthy as manager.
Players.
First-Team Squad.
As of PHL 4 - 2008.
Note: The list of players was obtained from the PHL website.
Other Important Team Personnel

</doc>
<doc id="18863572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863572" title="Sparruhorn">
Sparruhorn

The Sparruhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking St. Niklaus in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range between the Turtmanntal and the Mattertal, although it is located within the Mattertal and not on the watershed between the two valleys.
On the north side of the mountain lies the small valley of the Jungtal.

</doc>
<doc id="18863576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863576" title="Xəlfəli">
Xəlfəli

Xəlfəli or Khalfali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18863577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863577" title="Sergey Antonov">
Sergey Antonov

Sergey Antonov is a Russian-born cellist, living in the United States. In 2007 he was the gold prize winner at the International Tchaikovsky Competition.
Biography.
Born in Moscow in 1983 to two cellists, one a teacher at the Central Music School at the Moscow Conservatory, the other a Bolshoi Symphony Orchestra cellist, Antonov began studying the cello at age five. After graduating from the Moscow Conservatory, he studied at an advanced level with, among others, the legendary Mstislav Rostropovich. He is currently an Artist Diploma student at Boston's Longy School of Music.
In 2008, he inaugurated, together with pianist Constantine Finehouse, the Trieste Chamber Music Association's Salotto Cameristico to great acclaim.
Hailed as “…a brilliant cellist…” (M. Rostropovich) and “… a complete artist, 
both from the point of view of his unimpeachable technique and musically, with a 
cantabile quality and an energy that merge in a harmonious whole...” (Alberto Coda, 
Vita Nuova, Catholic Weekly of Trieste, Italy. May 2, 2008). Cellist Sergey Antonov 
“… literally spellbound the rapt audience ... with an expressive mastery of 
extraordinary maturity, realized through a technical skill exhibited without glitz but 
with the naturalness that characterizes a genial interpreter…” (Patrizia Ferialdi, Il 
Piccolo, Trieste, Italy. May 30, 2008).
In the summer of 2007, Sergey became one of the youngest cellists to win a Gold 
medal at the International Tchaikovsky Competition.
He has circled the globe, performing concerts in Japan, Korea, Bulgaria, Poland, 
Russia, Germany, Spain, France, Italy, Sweden, Finland, United Arab Emirates and the 
US. He performs extensively with the most prominent orchestras, in the most 
prestigious halls of Russia, his home country, under the management of the Moscow 
Philharmony with whom he holds a five year soloist contract.
In the summer of 2008, Sergey had made his American debut at the Newport 
Music Festival followed by solo recitals at Estivales de musique en medoc 2008 in 
Bordeaux, France, concerts in Savonlinna, Finland as well as in St. Petersburg, Russia. In July, he performed a live concert on the Boston’s radio show “Classics in the Morning” with Cathy Fuller on WGBH 89.7 FM.
Highlights of his 2008 season included a 10-concert tour of Japan and Korea in 
January/February, culminating with performances of the Brahms Double Concerto in 
Moscow's Great Hall of the Moscow Conservatory. Other performances included 
appearances with the Petrozavodsk Symphony, chamber music collaborations with the 
Lyrica Chamber Music Series as their "Young Artist of the Year", and the Chamber 
Music Foundation of New England. He gave solo concerts in Trieste, Italy and chamber 
music concerts in Dubai, that were followed by concerts at the Great Hall of the 
Moscow Conservatory in performance of the Schumann cello concerto with Moscow 
Conservatory Symphony Orchestra . After his performance of the Elgar Cello Concerto 
with the Moscow Philharmonic in its "Stars of The 21st Century” series, a critic wrote “… is …unique…from a different world...a musician who has his own inner space…a performer, who turns each phrase, every deeply felt sound into an event of his own inner monologue…with such consciously developed nuances, sensitivity, such 
concentration in combination with the feeling of drama…” (Marina Borisova, Daily 
Telegraph, No.91, Moscow, Russian Federation. May 20, 2008).
This season brought Sergey to Switzerland, Russia, Hungary and back to the U.S. 
to perform Tchaikovsky’s Rococo Variations with the Burlington Chamber Orchestra in 
the Lane series in Vermont and Longy Chamber Orchestra in Cambridge, Mass. In 
January 2009, Sergey has opened a new music series in Boston called “Great Russian 
Years” dedicated to the Great Russian composers. In Spring 2009 he is scheduled to 
perform extensively in Russia (January, February, March, April), Spain (March), Italy, Sweden (April), and Serbia (May) with summer engagements in the United States at Newport and New Hampshire music festivals in July.
Sergey Antonov was born in 1983 into a family of cellists. His parents guided his 
first years, especially his mother, Maria Zhuravleva, a leading cello pedagogue at the prestigious Central Music School at the Moscow Conservatory. His late father, Boris, was a gifted cellist and a member of the Bolshoi Symphony Orchestra. He graduated from the Moscow Conservatory where he studied with Natalia Schakhovskaya and chamber music with Alexander Bonduryansky. Presently Sergey is an Artist Diploma 
candidate working with the Grammy nominated cellist Terry King at the Longy School 
of Music.
Sergey won top prizes in the Dotzauer and David Popper Competitions, was 
named “Favorite Artist in the Cello Division” at the Tchaikovsky Competition by Toyota Corp., as well as a recipient of the “2008 Golden Talent Award “ by the Russian Performing Art Foundation. He has triumphed in many other competitions including first prizes at the Swedish Duo Competition, the International Chamber Music Competition of the Chamber Music Foundation of New England and the National ASTA Competition in Detroit (2007).
A great influence on the cellist was his work with the late Mstislav Rostropovich. 
Sergey was a frequent participant in his master classes at the Moscow Conservatory, 
which led to the maestro's invitation to join him on tours of Europe and Russia. He has collaborated with such artists as Yuri Bashmet, Yuri Simonov, Justus Franz, Dora 
Schwartzberg, Vadim Rudenko, Bernadene Blaha, John Lenehan. Spring 2009 will 
bring new collaborations with Maxim Vengerov, David Geringas, Eugene Bushkov and 
Mikhail Pletnev.
“There are few musicians this talented, with this esoteric ability, being able to 
touch the listener so deeply and put them in another dimension. Sergey Antonov is 
playing with intuition, he breathes and lives in music; the instrument is a natural 
extension of him.” (Sven Bertilsson, Katrineholm Kuriren, Sweden. July 2008) 
“…this musician has a serious artistic future.” (Marina Borisova, Daily Telegraph, No.91, Moscow, Russian Federation. May 20, 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="18863583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863583" title="Qaradonlu">
Qaradonlu

Qaradonlu (also, Karadanlu, Karadon, Karadonlu, and Karadonly) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,185. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863584" title="AMK Ranch">
AMK Ranch

The AMK Ranch is a research center referred to as the University of Wyoming - National Park Research Station on the eastern shore of Jackson Lake in Grand Teton National Park. Also known as the Merymare, Lonetree and Mae-Lou Ranch, it was built beginning in the 1920s by William Louis Johnson, then expanded in the 1930s by Alfred Berol (Berolzheimer). Johnson built a lodge, barn and boathouse in 1927, while Berol added a larger lodge, new boathouse, and cabins, all in the rustic style. 
The ranch is notable for the high level of craftsmanship and attention to detail, comparable to that seen in contemporary National Park Service structures. The Berol Lodge is the most extensively detailed rustic structure in Grand Teton.
William Johnson was an executive of The Hoover Company, who acquired the land in the 1920s and built a small lodge, garage and boathouse in 1927 using the log construction prevailing for dude ranches in Jackson Hole. Johnson died in 1931, and Berolzheimer, an officer of the Eagle (later Berol) Company, manufacturers of pencils, bought the ranch in 1936. Berol hired New York architect George W. Kosmak to design a new main lodge, boathouse, and cabins. Kosmak was assisted by Jackson architect Paul T. Colbron.
The AMK was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18863585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863585" title="Andromeda (play)">
Andromeda (play)

Andromeda (, "Andromédē") is a lost tragedy written by Euripides, based on the myth of Andromeda and first produced in 412 BC, in a trilogy that also included Euripides' "Helen". "Andromeda" may have been the first depiction on stage of a young man falling in love with a woman. The play has been lost; however, a number of fragments are extant. In addition, a number of ancient sources refer to the play, including several references in plays by Aristophanes.
Plot.
Several aspects of the plot of "Andromeda" can be inferred from the extant fragments and references. The play opened with Andromeda alone on stage, having been chained to a rock near the sea and near a cave by her father Cepheus, King of Aethiopia, to be eaten by a sea monster. This was to mollify the sea god Poseidon after either Cepheus or his wife Cassiopeia had offended the god. Andromeda laments her fate alone, with only her echo to respond. A chorus of virgins ("parthenoi") appears as Andromeda's lament continues. Then Perseus appears, using the crane to depict his flight on winged sandals, "planting my foot on high, cutting a path through the
midst of the ether," having just defeated the Gorgon Medusa. Upon appearing, Perseus believes Andromeda is a statue and remarks "Hold—what promontory do I see here, lapped by sea foam, and what maiden's likeness, a statue carved by an expert hand to her very form in stone?" When Perseus asks Andromeda if she will show his gratitude if he saves her, she responds "Take me, stranger, whether for servant, wife, or slave." During their dialogue, Perseus apparently moved from being struck by Andromeda's beauty to feeling pity for her to falling in love with her. This may have been the first depiction of a man falling in love with a woman on stage. In fragment 136, Perseus famously demands of Eros to "either don't teach us to see beauty in what is beautiful, or help those who are in love to succeed in their efforts as they suffer the toils that you yourself have crafted," stating further that if Eros does so he will "be honored by mortals" but if not those in love will no longer give Eros their gratitude. A messenger delivered the news that Perseus had successfully defeated the sea monster.
The play also included scenes in which Perseus describes his adventure with Medusa and in which he insists on marrying Andromeda against Cepheus' wishes, but other scenes may have been included as well. Andromeda concurred that she wanted to live with Perseus rather than her parents, and some of the dialogue may have discussed the conflict between Andromeda's duty to her parents and her loyalty to Perseus, as well as the desirability of Perseus as a husband. The play most likely ended with the goddess Athena appearing as a "deus ex machina" to announce that Perseus and Andromeda would be married and that all the characters would become constellations. Athena likely also prophesied that the descendants of Perseus and Andromeda would become the rulers of Mycenae.
Antecedents.
Little is known of treatments of the Andromeda myth prior to Euripides. However, Sophocles wrote a play entitled "Andromeda", which covered the same story and was believed to have been performed around 450 BC. Sophocles' "Andromeda" is now lost except for a few fragments. Euripides treated earlier aspects of the Perseus myth in his earlier plays "Danae" (between 455 and 425 BC), which covered Perseus' birth, and "Dictys" (431 BC), which covered his defeat of Medusa.
Later references to the play.
Information about "Andromeda" is largely based on later sources, including the "Bibliotheca", Ovid's treatment of the story in "Metamorphoses" and references in astrological handbooks to the constellations Andromeda, Cepheus and Cassiopeia which refer to Euripides' play. There are also references to "Andromeda" in at least two plays by Aristophanes.
In 411, a year after Euripides' plays were first produced, Aristophanes incorporated extended parodies of both "Helen" and "Andromeda" in his comedy "Thesmophoriazusae". Euripides, who is a character in Thesmophoriazusae, needs to save a kinsman who was captured dressed as a woman infiltrating an all-woman festival. Euripides first attempts to do this by a parody of the scene in which Menelaus arrives dressed in rags. He then uses a parody of "Andromeda" in which the kinsman as Andromeda laments his fate to the response of his echo, Euripides as Perseus arrives via the crane, and falls quickly in love with her. In the parody, Perseus' love as depicted in "Andromeda" is transformed to lust.
Aristophanes also referenced "Andromeda" in his 405 play "The Frogs", where the god Dionysus states that while reading "Andromeda" he was smitten with longing for Euripides.
It has been reported from antiquity that Alexander the Great was able to perform a portion of "Andromeda" by heart.
Classicist Gilbert Murray commented that "Only a few fragments of the "Andromeda" remain, but they are curiously beautiful; and the play as a whole seems to have been the one unclouded love-romance that Euripides ever wrote. Murray also related a story told by Lucian from 500 years after "Andromeda" was first produced that people in Abdera, Thrace were stricken by the play and walked around "as though in a dream" while mumbling to themselves a speech from the play which began "O love, high monarch over gods and men..."

</doc>
<doc id="18863586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863586" title="Şahverdili">
Şahverdili

Şahverdili (also, Şəhverdili, Shakhverdili, and Shakh-Verdylyar) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,315. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863587" title="Kürdmahmudlu">
Kürdmahmudlu

Kürdmahmudlu (also, Kyurdmakhmudlu and Kyur-Makhmudly) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,118. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863591" title="Ölcələr">
Ölcələr

Ölcələr (also, Olcalar, Kuybyshev, Ol’dzhalyar, and Ülcälär) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 498. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863593" title="Constantine Finehouse">
Constantine Finehouse

Constantine Finehouse was born in St. Petersburg, Russia, and attended New England Conservatory, Juilliard and Yale University. His principle teachers included Fredrik Wanger, Natalia Harlap, Herbert Stessin, Jerome Lowenthal, Boris Berman and Bruce Brubaker. Praised by Rhein Main Presse Allgemeine Zeitung for his "interpretations of depth and maturity,” Finehouse has performed extensively in the US (including in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Massachusetts, New York, Rhode Island and Washington) and abroad (including in Lausanne, London, Odessa, St. Petersburg and Trieste). His newest album with cellist Sebastian Baverstam features the universally-admired Brahms Sonata No. 1 for piano and cello as well as several new works in the High Romantic style by Boston composer Tony Schemmer. His 2009 solo recording, Backwards Glance Rack Records 101-01, interweaves music of Johannes Brahms and Richard Beaudoin. 
The Bolcom Project, made in collaboration with his American Double partner, violinist Philip Ficsor, included a double-CD Troy 959/960 and a national tour. Fanfare praised the recording as “indispensable to any serious collector with an interest in later 20th century duo repertoire for violin and piano.” As part of American Double, Finehouse also toured Hungary, performing sonatas by Brahms, Bolcom and Ravel. More recently, he collaborated with violinist Olga Caceànova at Lausanne Conservatoire and with cellist Sebastian Bäverstam at Weill Recital Hall (Carnegie Hall) and Merkin Recital Hall (Kauffman Center). Finehouse is currently recording Bolcom’s complete piano solo works for Naxos Records. 
The 2011-2012 season brings recitals celebrating Liszt's bicentennial. Finehouse will be featured as a soloist and in chamber music performances across the United States. He has been awarded the Vladimir Horowitz Scholarship from Juilliard, a 2004 St. Botolph Club Foundation Grant and 2006 Classics Abroad Project Award. He serves on the faculty of New England Conservatory Preparatory and Extension Divisions in Boston and as Visiting Artist/Faculty at Westmont College, Santa Barbara. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863595" title="Göbəktala">
Göbəktala

Göbəktala (also, Gebektala and Gobektala) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,393. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863600" title="Sarıxanlı">
Sarıxanlı

Sarıxanlı (also, Sarxanlı and Sarykhanly) is a village and the most populous municipality, except the capital Imishli, in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 6,251. The municipality consists of the villages of Sarıxanlı and Vətəgə.

</doc>
<doc id="18863602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863602" title="Boşçalılar">
Boşçalılar

Boşçalılar (also, Bashchilar, Boshalar, Boşçallar, and Boshchallar) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,583. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863605" title="Göhərli">
Göhərli

Göhərli (also, Gëkharli and Gyukharly) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 867. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863606" title="Helvetiaplatz (Zurich)">
Helvetiaplatz (Zurich)

The Helvetiaplatz in Zurich is located in the District 4 (ger.: "Kreis 4") at the corner Langstrasse and Stauffacherstrasse.
The place is well known because of the demonstrations on 1 May and against the World Economic Forum. Otherwise peaceful and multicultural events or demonstrations take place there. In the years 2006 and 2007 there was a great champion celebration after the FCZ (one of Zurichs Soccer Teams) won the Swiss Axpo Super League. Every Tuesday and Friday from 6 to 11 o'clock you can find a market with a wide range of food products.
Directly at the Helvetiaplatz you can find the Volkshaus where there are regular events such as concerts or parties. Next to the Helvetiaplatz is the Kanzleiareal with a schoolhouse, the cultural centre called "Kanzlei" and the alternative Cinema and Bar named "Xenix".
Events.
The Langstrassenfest (eng.: Longstreet Festival) is an important part of the Langstrasse PLUS campaign. It takes place since 1996 every two years and counts in 2004 about 270,000 visitors. In the years without a Langstrassenfest, the Longstreet Carneval takes place. The Langstrassenfest is organised by Swiss citizens.
If there is no Langstrassenfest, the Longstreet Carneval takes place. This carnival is organised by non–Swiss citizens.
The Caliente Festival is the biggest Latin Festival all over Europe. It counts over 130,000 visitors in the year 2006.
Every summer in July and August there is an open air cinema at the cinema/bar Xenix near the Helvetiaplatz.

</doc>
<doc id="18863609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863609" title="Muradalılı">
Muradalılı

Muradalılı (also, Muradally) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 799. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863610" title="Karl August, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont">
Karl August, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

Karl August Friedrich of Waldeck and Pyrmont (September 24, 1704 – August 29, 1763) was Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and Commander of the Dutch forces in the War of Austrian Succession.
Royal life and military career.
Karl was the second son of Friedrich Anton Ulrich, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and Countess Palatine Louise of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld.<br> In 1728 his father and his elder brother Christian Philip died, and so he became Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont .
The Waldecks had a tradition of military service in the Dutch Army.<br> Prince Georg Friedrich of Waldeck had already led the Dutch army in the War of the Grand Alliance. In the War of Austrian Succession, Karl was appointed as commander of the Dutch Army by the States-General of the Netherlands, as counterbalance to William IV, Prince of Orange, who relied completely on his brother-in-law the Duke of Cumberland. The Dutch army under Waldeck's command was defeated in the Battle of Fontenoy, the Battle of Rocoux and the Battle of Lauffeld. 
In 1746, Karl became Fieldmarshal of the Holy Roman Empire.
Marriage and children.
In Zweibrücken, on August 19, 1741, Karl August married his first cousin Christiane Henriette, Countess Palatine of Zweibrücken (1725–1816), daughter of Christian III, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken. 
The couple had seven children:

</doc>
<doc id="18863611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863611" title="Indigo Nights">
Indigo Nights

Indigo Nights is a live album by Prince, mainly comprising songs played live during some of the aftershows at the indigO2 night club in London in 2007. It contains eight live versions of previously released Prince songs, four cover songs, two new songs, and a monologue.
The CD is only sold coupled with the "21 Nights" coffee table book which was released on September 30, 2008.
The book reached number 9 on "The New York Times" best selling Hardcover Nonfiction tiles.

</doc>
<doc id="18863612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863612" title="Nurulu">
Nurulu

Nurulu (also, Nuruly) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 786. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863613" title="Festihorn">
Festihorn

The Festihorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located west of St. Niklaus in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range south of the Jungtal.

</doc>
<doc id="18863617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863617" title="Rəsullu, Imishli">
Rəsullu, Imishli

Rəsullu (also, Rassuli and Rassuly) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,369. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863618" title="Potawatomi State Park">
Potawatomi State Park

Potawatomi State Park is a Wisconsin state park northwest of the city of Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin. It is located on Sturgeon Bay, a bay of the Bay of Green Bay in Door County. Potawatomi State Park was established in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="18863619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863619" title="Otuziki">
Otuziki

Otuziki (also, Verkhniy Otuziki) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,399. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863621" title="Lok Sin Tong Leung Kau Kui College">
Lok Sin Tong Leung Kau Kui College

Lok Sin Tong Leung Kau Kui College(Mandarin ：樂善堂梁銶琚書院, abbreviated as LSTLKKC) is a coeducational, government-aided sixth form college located in Hong Kong, China. 
The school was founded in 1991, though it was originally called Lok Sin Tong Leung Qiu Ju College and was located in the West Road mountains. The Hospital Road site, where the college is currently located, was formerly occupied by the Yucai and Liang Wenyan secondary schools, Ms. Dawson Middle School, and the Kennedy Town Government Secondary School.
Development.
School opened earlier in the schools in the Central and Western administrative district than the traditional schools because of the reputation of King's College, St. Paul's Co-educational College and others. Fortunately for many poor students, the school was in the 1990s Conclusion For the band 5 (reference to the Banding now, that is, Band 3) schools. Starting in the 1990s, the school's students began to become regarded as miscreants among the population. Into 2000, due to traditional schools in the Western part of teaching and students were under the level-down, coupled with reform of the education system, Lok Sin Tong Leung Qiu Ju College began brewing or Banding capacity in recent years, the school's success has been increasing, but also absorb many students. In the recruitment of five repeaters, many traditional school results below 14 points the students are here to reread. 
In recent years, many traditional schools examination of 14 points but failed to be the original school to admit students to enroll here in six. In addition schools can Examination 18 points more than the students from science to business, this policy to attract the traditional elite schools would like to "abandoning weight to arguments" of students to enroll. Thanks to attract foreign students and the school's policy, from 2000 to today, students in the university entrance examination results are often breakthrough, one of the in-school science failed to read in the liberal arts college entrance examination obtained after 3 A1B of success. The original school students and the elite students are combined in the school, allowing for a good atmosphere. In recent years, to Sacred Heart Canossian College, St. category Andean School, St. Stephen's School students as the main foreign students.

</doc>
<doc id="18863622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863622" title="Murğuzallı">
Murğuzallı

Murğuzallı (also, Murğuzalılı, Murquzalılı, Murguzali, Murguzally, Murguzalyly, and Mursal) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 611. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863626" title="Xoşçobanlı, Imishli">
Xoşçobanlı, Imishli

Xoşçobanlı (also, Xoşçobanli, Khosh-Chabanly, Khoshchobanly, and Khoshdzhabanly) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,281. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863630" title="Mürsəlli, Imishli">
Mürsəlli, Imishli

Mürsəlli (also, Myursali and Myursalli) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 872. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863638" title="Mürsəlli">
Mürsəlli

Mürsəlli or Myursali or Myursalli or Myursally may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18863640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863640" title="Muchachada Nui">
Muchachada Nui

Muchachada Nui is a Spanish TV show, consisting of unrelated sketches that use absurd and surrealistic humor. It is broadcast on "La 2 de Televisión Española". It is the sequel of La hora Chanante, that first aired on Paramount Comedy (Spain).
Name.
Since Paramount Comedy owned the rights of the previous program, including its name, "La Hora Chanante", a new name was needed.
In an interview [http://blogs.periodistadigital.com/periodismo.php/2007/08/01/chanante_muchachada_nui_tve2_television_1234], the actors explained that "Muchachada Nui" is a combination of "muchachada", a common word in their manchego vocabulary meaning "a group of lads", and "nui" from "ojete nui", as in "cuando te pica el ojete porque no te has lavado bien" (when your asshole itches because you haven't washed it well).
Actors.
The same actors that appeared in "La Hora Chanante" appear in "Muchachada Nui". However, their characters are not the same, as a result of the copyright issue. The ones that appear most often are: Julián López, Ernesto Sevilla, Raúl Cimas, Carlos Areces, and the director and creator Joaquín Reyes.
Format and sections.
As in "La Hora Chanante", each program is presented by a characterization of a famous star facing some kind of trouble. This story is divided in parts, and, between them, other sketches are shown. Some of these sections are repeated throughout the weeks, though only "Celebrities" and "Mundo viejuno" are always present. Many of these sections were present in "La Hora Chanante" with a different name.
Sections.
Celebrities: Joaquin Reyes characterizes a famous person, and speaks about their life from a humorous point of view, always with a manchego accent. This character introduces the other sections throughout the program. It is the equivalent of the old "Testimonios" section in "La Hora Chanante".
Mundo viejuno (Elder world, viejuno being a word from their manchego vocabulary): Old movies - generally B movies, such as Mr Wong in Chinatown, with Boris Karloff - are redubbed with a plot that echoes the original one and at the same time takes advantage of the images to create a comic effect. It is the equivalent of the old "Retrospecter" in "La Hora Chanante".
Las aventuras del joven Rappel (The adventures of young Rappel): A parody of the show Smallville, where the main character is Rappel (a famous fortune-teller in Spain) who is in the process of discovering his powers. Rappel is played by Carlos Areces.
Al fresco (A play on words; "Al fresco" means "Outdoors", but "fresco" is also a term for a cheeky person): Marcial Ruiz Escribano (played by Ernesto Sevilla) is a "gañán" (which could be best translated as "redneck") that explains several topics related with rural life. It is the equivalent of "El Gañán" in "La Hora Chanante".
El bonico del to (Something like "The utterly beautiful"): El Bonico (played by Carlos Areces) is a characters that explains his view points about society. He is a hoity-toity yet conservative man worried about values and aesthetics in present society.
Tú eres el protagonista (You are the protagonist): A parody of a talk show, hosted by Pedro Bonilla (played by Julián Pérez).
El perro muchacho (The dog-boy): Perro Muchacho is a local superhero with a dog-face.
Riken Sproken: A tacky character that thinks about life situations that are soul-depressing.
Gaticos y Monetes (Little Cats and Little Monkeys, monete being a manchego word): The takeouts. It is the equivalent of the old "Hever vs Clever" section in "La Hora Chanante".
Cartoons.
Enjuto Mojamuto: A nerd's life experiences and adventures, always concerning the Internet. Created by Joaquin Reyes.
La cinta VHS (The VHS tape): A VHS tape remembers the pre-DVD times. Created by Joaquin Reyes.
Loqui and the Loquer Loqui is a teenager groupie having constant mood changes, who talks to 'Man in the mirror' (the man in her bedroom's mirror).
Characters.
El hombre asqueroso (The disgusting man): An apparently normal man, who dresses in an elegant and tidy way. However, he has a "disgusting" accent. Played by Julián López.
El espantajo de los melones( The scarecrow of the melons): Previously known as "El loco de las coles" (The cabbage-obsessed man).
El señor McGlor (Mr McGlor): Previously known as Señor Glor (Mr Glor). Played by Antonio Tato.
Internet.
La Hora Chanante's videos used to be massively shared through pages such as YouTube, so Muchachada Nui, in an original strategy for a TV show, decided to upload almost all of their sketches to its YouTube channel.
The 24th October, 2007, they started their own web, were all their sketches can be found. There is also a blog, Enjuto Mojamuto's page in Twitter, forums and other things.
In November 2007, a Enjuto Mojamuto's space in Twitter was created. Since then, it has become the most-followed one in Spain, with 2400 followers, and the 31st in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18863642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863642" title="Augstbordhorn">
Augstbordhorn

The Augstbordhorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, overlooking Stalden in the canton of Valais. Several trails lead to its summit.

</doc>
<doc id="18863645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863645" title="Chick Maggioli">
Chick Maggioli

Achille Fred "Chick" Maggioli (May 17, 1922 – December 20, 2012) was an American football defensive back and halfback in the National Football League for the Detroit Lions and the Baltimore Colts. He also played in the All-America Football Conference for the Buffalo Bills.
Born in Mishawaka, Indiana, Maggioli was an all-state football player at Mishawaka (Indiana) High School, graduating in 1941. He then attended and played college football at Indiana University in 1942, and the University of Notre Dame, 1943–44, where he was the starting halfback on Coach Frank Leahy's '43 National Championship team. He then played halfback on the 1946 University of Illinois Big 10 Conference Championship team and Illinois' 1947 Rose Bowl winning team, graduating from the school that May.
Maggioli was drafted in the eleventh round by the Washington Redskins and ultimately played for the Buffalo Bills as a two-way player in 1948, his team winning the Eastern Division of the AAFL. He played defensive back for the Detroit Lions in 1949 and with the Baltimore Colts in 1950, intercepting eight passes in the final year of his pro football career.
He is a member of both the Indiana Football and Mishawaka High School Athletic halls-of-fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18863646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863646" title="Neil Fitzgerald">
Neil Fitzgerald

Neil Fitzgerald (born 15 January 1892, County Tipperary, Ireland – died 15 June 1982, Princeton, New Jersey) was an Irish actor.
Cornelius James Neil Fitzgerald was born near Emly, County Tipperary, the son of James Fitzgerald, a Member of Parliament. He was educated in Trinity College Dublin, studying pharmacy, but chose to become an actor.
He made his Broadway debut in "Leave Her to Heaven" in 1940. He appeared in numerous Irish plays on Broadway during his life. His film debut was in 1935 in John Ford's "The Informer" as "Tommy Connor". He had numerous television credits also.

</doc>
<doc id="18863647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863647" title="Pine Grove Cemetery (Lynn, Massachusetts)">
Pine Grove Cemetery (Lynn, Massachusetts)

Pine Grove Cemetery is a cemetery located in Lynn, Massachusetts. It was established in the mid-19th century and it consists of 82 developed acres. There are approximately 88,000 to 90,000 interments at the cemetery.
History.
It was originally established as a private cemetery, but in 1850 it was sold to the city of Lynn. In 1930, a wall was built by the WPA to surround the cemetery, and according to "Ripley's Believe It or Not!" it is the “second-longest contiguous stone wall in the world,” second only to the Great Wall of China. The cemetery got its name from the plethora of pine trees surrounding Rhodes Memorial Chapel and the cemetery's entrance.
Features and landmarks.
Pine Grove Cemetery has many notable features and landmarks:

</doc>
<doc id="18863648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863648" title="William Christie (Ulster politician)">
William Christie (Ulster politician)

Sir William Christie, MBE, JP, ODAS (1913 – 10 August 2008) was an Ulster Unionist politician who served as Lord Mayor of Belfast.
The owner of a wallpaper company in Belfast, Christie was Lord Mayor of Belfast between 1972 and 1975. During this time his home and business were attacked several times, and his wife survived a gunshot to the head in 1972. His time in office coincided with the suspension of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, and he was therefore the first Lord Mayor since John White in 1920 not to serve as an "ex officio" member of the Senate. 
In the 1973 elections to Belfast City Council Christie stood in the North Belfast 'E' division (equivalent to the current wards of Legoniel, Ballysillan, Ardoyne, Woodvale, Glencairn and Highfield), which elected 6 councillors. He was the only UUP candidate to stand in E and gained 7,875 votes, which equated to 2.8 times the electoral quota. He retired in 1977, and the UUP vote dropped more than 3000 votes. Amongst two UUP councillors elected to replace him was future Lord Mayor Billy Bell.

</doc>
<doc id="18863653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863653" title="Yang Peiyi">
Yang Peiyi

Yang Peiyi (born February 21, 2001)) is a Chinese child singer. She is known for being the singing voice behind Lin Miaoke at the 2008 Summer Olympics opening ceremony.
Biography.
Yang attends The Primary School Attached to Peking University. Her teacher described her as a gifted student at the school. "She doesn't like to show off. She's easygoing. She is cute and well-behaved, with a love for Beijing Opera."
At the 2008 Beijing Olympics Opening Ceremony, 9-year-old Lin Miaoke appeared on stage, lip-synching to Yang's pre-recorded voice. The vast majority who watched the broadcast did not know of Yang's role until music director, Chen Qigang, revealed several days later that Lin was sent onstage in place of Yang.
Yang's first album was released in September 2009.
In October 2009, Yang performed a medley of two songs (one of which was tailor-made for the poem "Looking up at the Starry Sky" written by the PRC Premier Wen Jiabao) at the "Cultural Show in Celebration of the 60th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" (香港同胞慶祝中華人民共和國成立六十週年文藝晚會) together with Jacky Cheung, Yao Jue and Leon Ko.

</doc>
<doc id="18863655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863655" title="College Woodwork">
College Woodwork

College Woodwork is a century-old furniture manufacturer located in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada and is a subsidiary of Kingsway College. College Woodwork was originally a woodworking class for students attending Lornedale Academy and today provides employment for students of Kingsway College.
History Of College.
College Woodwork began in the early 1900s as a woodworking class for students attending Lornedale Academy. For both philosophical and economic reasons, work was viewed as an essential component of education. By 1920, the woodworking class had grown into a business producing small household items—trellises, playpens, potty chairs, ladders and ironing boards. Furniture was a natural extension of the product line, and by the early 1960s, production focused on simple furniture.

</doc>
<doc id="18863665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863665" title="Imishli (city)">
Imishli (city)

Imishli (also, İmişli, Imišly, and Imishly) is a city in and the capital of the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.
References.
In August 1930,Garadonlu region is organized on Mil-Mugan historical fields as region.
More earlier at Czar(Tsar) Russia time,Garadonlu belonged to Javad administrative-area.
Garadonlu region is situated at favourable area,which there were Aras river, water resource, productive land, caravan road in this area.
Be more productive soils, particularly where agriculture has resulted in the development of plant-growing.
As early as the October Revulation, land-reclamation,irrigation work were made and it was based intensive irrigated plant-growing.
In 1906 the first School of Garadonlu region is activited,also there were many living-buildings,caravanserais,mills and shops in Garadonlu.
In 1933 Garadonlu Machine-Tractor Plant is laid in Garadonlu historical region.
As a result of Alat-Mingivan railway construction,people was summed from the center of region to suburbs of railway station.
For this purpose, two-storey brick building was built amang Garadonlu and Imishli village,so the center of region is moved to here and region was considired Imishli.
The same time area was covered by forests and bushes.
But the people cleaned area and begun to built buildings and streeted.
Imishli village was expanded speedly like the center of region.
Government hauses were constructed and completely transformed the appearance of the village.
In 1944 Imishli has got status of Town-Type Settlement,and 1960 has got City status.
In 1959 On the Aras river,in the Bahramtapa TTS area,Water Storage was used which unique to that time .
Bash Mugam and Azizbaiov irrigation canal provide water not only land area of Imishli, also land area's of Bilasuvar and Saatli district.
Same time,laid base's of Sand-Gravel workshops,Iron-concrete Materials Plant.
And Garadonlu is one of village's in plain of Mugan .
www.imishli.com

</doc>
<doc id="18863668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863668" title="Signalhorn">
Signalhorn

The Signalhorn (2,911 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located south of Eischoll in the canton of Valais. It lies between the valleys of Turtmann and Ginals.

</doc>
<doc id="18863670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863670" title="Chris Anderson (athlete)">
Chris Anderson (athlete)

Chris Anderson (born 6 April 1968) is a retired Australian high jumper. He competed at the 1995 World Championships and the 1996 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
His personal best jump is 2.28 metres, achieved in December 1994 in Perth.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18863673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863673" title="Electoral district of Burrup">
Electoral district of Burrup

Burrup was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia from 1996 to 2005.
The district was based in the rural north-west of Western Australia. Its population centres included Dampier, Karratha, Roebourne, Pannawonica, Paraburdoo, Tom Price, Wickham and Wittenoom.
History.
Burrup was first created for the 1996 state election and was abolished ahead of the 2005 state election. At its abolition, most of Burrup's territory was incorporated into the new district of North West Coastal, with the rest added to Central Kimberley-Pilbara.
Burrup was represented by Labor MP Fred Riebeling for its entire two terms. Prior to that, Riebeling had been the member for Ashburton. Subsequent to Burrup's abolition, he contested and won the seat of North West Coastal.

</doc>
<doc id="18863680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863680" title="Samuel Kotey Neequaye">
Samuel Kotey Neequaye

Samuel Kotey Neequaye (born July 5, 1983) is a boxer from Ghana who competes in the light welterweight division.

</doc>
<doc id="18863681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863681" title="Shoshone News Press">
Shoshone News Press

Shoshone News Press is a US daily newspaper distributed primarily in Shoshone County, Idaho. It is owned by Duane Hagadone and the Hagadone Newspaper Group. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863696" title="Ergischhorn">
Ergischhorn

The Ergischhorn is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="18863701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863701" title="List of national parks of Niger">
List of national parks of Niger

Niger is home to a number of national parks and protected areas, including two UNESCO-MAB Biosphere Reserves. The protected areas of Niger normally have a designation and status determined by the Government of Niger. Further, fourteen sites also have international designations, applied by UNESCO and the Ramsar Convention on wetlands protection. Protected lands in Niger are managed by a number of authorities, and the areas of authority and structure have changed a number of times since independence. Some of the first Reserves, Parks, and protected areas were designated under French Colonial rule and much of the legal regime is based on these colonial laws. Niger is also party to a number of international agreements and participates in international ecological, conservation, and resource management programs with its neighbors, region, and worldwide.
Type and number of protected areas.
Protected lands in Niger fall under both national and international regulation, and are managed by elements of the Nigerien government, as well as regional bodies and international designation oversight bodies. Initial classification of lands as legally protected for conservation of flora, fauna, landscape, and resource protection was done under French Colonial rule beginning in 1936. Much of the legal framework of land management and protection is based on these original regulations. As of the late 1990s, most land management was the area of the Nigerien Natural Resource Management Unit ("Cellule de Gestion des Resources Naturelles") of the Inter-ministerial Sub-committee for Rural Development ("Sous-Comité Interministériel chargé de la politique de Dévelopement Rural au Niger"), which includes ministries focused on environmental issues, industrial resource extraction, economic growth, and farming. Nigerien designated protected areas were administered by the Direction of Fauna, Fisheries and Aquaculture ("Direction de la Faune, de la Pêche et de la Pisciculture - DFPP") of the Ministry of Hydrology and the Environment ("Ministère de l'Hydraulique et de l'Environnement - MHE"). Actual protection is the responsibility of the DFPP's Fauna and Apiculture Management Service ("Service d'Aménagement de la Faune et de l'Apiculture - SAFA") which in 1987 had only 40 staff actually managing or guarding sites.
Note: most sites have at least two overlapping designations.
National Designations.
Various Nigerien government designations, administered by the "Direction de l'Environnment" office of the Ministry of Hydrology and Environment.
International Conventions and Programmes.
Additionally, several sites have international designations as protected areas. As signatories of the below conventions, the Government of Niger places restrictions on use of these lands.
Other international conventions ratified by the Nigerien government include the Convention on Biological Diversity, the Convention on Migratory Species, CITES, the Convention to Combat Desertification, the Convention on Climate Change, the African - Eurasian Waterfowl Agreement, the African Convention on the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources, the Convention on Game Hunting and the Convention on Plant Protection.
Nongovernmental.
A number of Nigerien sites are recognised by conservation programmes as conservation areas of special importance, even where there is no formal government convention. Notable among these are 15 BirdLife International designated Important Bird Areas (IBA). Many of these are additional designations given to existing Nigerien government, IUCN, or Ramsar designated sites.

</doc>
<doc id="18863708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863708" title="Double Diamond Dude Ranch Dining Hall">
Double Diamond Dude Ranch Dining Hall

The Double Diamond Dude Ranch Dining Hall was built in 1945 as the centerpiece of a dude ranch operated by Frank Williams and Joseph S. Clark, Jr. in Grand Teton National Park. The ranch was opened in 1924 with a dozen tent cabins and log buildings for a kitchen and dining hall, lounge and commissary. In 1943 Williams built log tourist cabins, followed by the larger dining hall in 1945. The 1985 Taggart Lake Fire destroyed much of the ranch, sparing only the dining hall and five cabins. The dining hall is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as an example of rustic architecture. Since 1970 the Double Diamond property has been a hostel for mountain climbers in the Teton Range, and is known as the Climbers' Ranch.
History.
Frank Williams, originally from Colorado, was a local guide and former Bar B C Dude Ranch wrangler, who partnered with Clark, a young eastern dude from a wealthy Philadelphia family. Clark provided financial backing to open the Double Diamond in 1924 on a homestead claim that had been filed by Frank Williams' wife Emma. Clark, who had been to the Bar B C and who had met Williams at the Bar None ranch, later became mayor of Philadelphia and was a U.S. senator from 1957 to 1969. The ranch expanded from to in 1926 with the purchase of a portion of the neighboring Manges property. Catering primarily to boys from eastern families, accommodations consisted of tents, with a small dining hall, lounge and commissary. The ranch drew its clientele from the Philadelphia area, charging $800, including transportation from Philadelphia, for a June 15 - September 15 season. References were required for prospective dudes. The ranch had an initial capacity of 25 dudes, expanded in the 1930s to 35. Clark, who was launching a legal and political career, became less involved in the 1930s, finally selling his share to Harry and Nola Williams Brown in 1946, but buying back an acre for a summer cabin. 
Cabins were added in 1943 with a shift in emphasis to families. The main dining hall was built in 1945. Harry Brown and Nola Williams Brown, took half of the ownership in 1948. The Williams family continued to operate the Double Diamond until Frank's death in 1964, when the National Park Service bought the ranch for $315,000, retaining a lease to continue operations through 1969.
Description.
The1945 dining hall is a one story U-shaped log building. It features a large stone fireplace and chimney on the north side. The former dining room is now a library and lounge, while the original commercial kitchen is a communal kitchen and dining area. The exterior is stained a uniform brown. Following local custom, the log chinking is covered with 1/4 pole strips.
The five surviving original cabins (of 15 extant before the fire) are not part of the historic designation. New and relocated cabins have replaced those lost, in locations approximating the missing cabins. Two cabins, designed by Ogden, Utah architect Eber Piers, were moved from the Hunter Hereford Ranch, confusing the local historical context.
The complex, including the dining hall, has been leased to the American Alpine Club since 1970. Renamed the Climbers' Ranch, the facility is a hostel for mountain climbers. The cabins are used for dormitory-style climber accommodations, while the dining hall is a shared facility. 
The Double Diamond dining hall was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 18, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18863711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863711" title="HMS St Albans (1747)">
HMS St Albans (1747)

HMS "St Albans" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Deptford to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment, and launched on 23 February 1747.
"St Albans" served until 1765, when she was sold out of the navy.

</doc>
<doc id="18863712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863712" title="Alex Zaliauskas">
Alex Zaliauskas

Alex Zaliauskas (born 20 April 1971 in Toronto) is a retired Canadian high jumper.
Zaliauskas competed at the 1991 World Championships, the 1992 Olympic Games, the 1993 World Indoor Championships and the 1993 World Championships without reaching the final.
Zaliauskas's personal best jump is 2.31 metres, achieved in July 1991 in New York.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18863713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863713" title="Distelhorn">
Distelhorn

The Distelhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Grächen in the canton of Valais.

</doc>
<doc id="18863724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863724" title="Heike Kemmer">
Heike Kemmer

Heike Kemmer (born 24 April 1962 in Berlin) is a German equestrian who competes in the sport of dressage. She won team gold medals at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics, as well as individual bronze in 2008. She also won medals at the German Dressage Championships and European Dressage Championships, as well as assisting the German team to gold at the 2006 World Equestrian Games. Kemmer retired Bonaparte 67, upon whom she had won most of her international medals, in 2011.
Personal life.
Kemmer was the daughter of Joachim Kemmer, a noted horse breeder who established Amselhof Walle, the breeding stable for Hanoverian horses now run by Heike. In the 1990s, Heike became the farm manager, and moved the focus of the stables from show jumping to dressage.
Competitive career.
Kemmer attended her first Olympics in 2000, as an alternate to the German team, but did not participate in the Games. In 2004, she rode in the Olympics for the first time, placing 26th individually. She also rode as part of the gold-medal winning German team, but as the lowest-scoring member, her score was not used to determine the team's standing. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, her performance improved significantly, and she took home an individual bronze medal and was a scoring member of the gold-medal winning German team. She rode Bonaparte 67 at both the 2004 and 2008 Olympic Games. In 2006, Kemmer and Bonaparte also assisted the German team to a gold medal at the World Equestrian Games.
Kemmer's international career stretches back to a silver medal win at the 1984 German Dressage Championships, followed by a lengthy break to focus on her schooling and profession as a business economist. She returned to the international competition ring in 1998, riding Caesar, and then moved to riding Albano for the 1999 season. Riding Albano, she again rose to prominence with another silver medal win at the 2000 German Dressage Championships. This was followed by a bronze at the same competition in 2001 and gold in 2005 and 2006. She also helped the Germans to team gold at the European Dressage Championships in 2001, 2003 and 2005, and was a reserve team member in 2007. Following their success at the 2008 Olympics, Kemmer and Bonaparte briefly had a successful return to the competition ring in early 2009. However, injuries later in the year prevented a return to the German team for the 2009 European Championships, and a diagnosis of Lyme disease for Bonaparte removed the possibility of competition in the 2010 competition. In 2011, Kemmer retired Bonaparte at the 2011 CDN Hanover show.
In 2002, Kemmer and Bonaparte 67 were awarded the Otto Lorke Prize, which is given to the "most talented upcoming Grand Prix combination of the year in Germany", and in 2004 the horse was named Hanoverian of the Year. By 2013, she was riding two new horses at the international level: Rock My Soul at Intermediare I level and Quantico in Grand Prix competitions. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863725" title="Götz Freiherr von Mirbach">
Götz Freiherr von Mirbach

Erich Werner Siegfried Götz Freiherr von Mirbach (12 September 1912 – 6 August 1968) was a "Korvettenkapitän" with the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He is also a recipient of the coveted Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Von Mirbach was assigned to the 1. Schnellbootflottille attacking enemy shipping in the English Channel, sinking a British destroyer and three armed merchant vessels among others. His younger cousin, "Oberleutnant" Emmerich von Mirbach, served as the Engineering Officer on "U-595". Götz Freiherr von Mirbach was later promoted to "Korvettenkapitän" and served as commander of the 9. Schnellbootflottille.
Von Mirbach participated in the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland. He was a member of the German 6 metre class sailing crew which finished in tenth place.

</doc>
<doc id="18863727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863727" title="Nadine Capellmann">
Nadine Capellmann

Nadine Capellmann (born in Würselen on July 9, 1965) is a German equestrian who has won been a part of two gold medalist teams in Team dressage. The first was at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the second at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18863732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863732" title="Gebidum">
Gebidum

The Gebidum (also known as "Gibidum") is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Visperterminen in the canton of Valais. An antenna is located on the summit.

</doc>
<doc id="18863737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863737" title="Cory Siermachesky">
Cory Siermachesky

Cory Siermachesky (born 20 August 1969) is a retired Canadian high jumper.
He finished fourth at the 1994 Commonwealth Games, in a new career best jump of 2.28 metres.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18863739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863739" title="1998–99 South Pacific cyclone season">
1998–99 South Pacific cyclone season

The 1998–99 South Pacific cyclone season was a near average South Pacific tropical cyclone season, with 8 tropical cyclones occurring within the South Pacific Ocean basin between 160°E and 120°W. Despite the season starting on November 1, the first tropical system of the season did not form until December 1, while the final disturbance of the season dissipated on May 27, 1999. During the season the most intense tropical cyclone was Severe Tropical Cyclone Cora, which had a minimum pressure of . After the season had ended the names Cora and Dani were retired from the naming lists, after they had caused significant impacts to South Pacific islands.
During the season, tropical cyclones were officially monitored by the Regional Specialized Meteorological Center (RSMC) in Nadi, Fiji and the Tropical Cyclone Warning Center in Wellington, New Zealand. While the United States Navy also monitored the basin and issued unofficial warnings throughout the season, through its Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) and Naval Pacific Meteorology and Oceanography Center (NPMOC). Tropical cyclones that were located between 160°E and 120°W as well as the Equator and 25°S were monitored by TCWC Nadi while any that were located to the south of 25°S between 160°E and 120°W were monitored by TCWC Wellington. During the season the JTWC issued warnings on any tropical cyclone that was located between 160°E and the 180° while the NPMOC issued warnings for tropical cyclones forming between 180° and the American coast. RSMC Nadi and TCWC Wellington both used the Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale, and measured windspeeds over a 10-minute period, while the JTWC and the NPMOC measured sustained windspeeds over a 1-minute period. For the first time this season, RSMC Nadi assigned a number and the letter F to each significant tropical disturbance that moved within the South Pacific basin, while the JTWC and NPMOC continued to assign a number and the letter P to significant tropical cyclones throughout the Southern Hemisphere.
__TOC__
Seasonal summary.
In direct contrast to the previous season when an El Niño episode was observed, 1998-99 was characterised by a La Nina episode, which contributed to the slump in activity that was observed during the season. In total 27 Tropical Disturbances and Tropical Depressions developed, of which 8 developed further into tropical cyclones and severe tropical cyclones. The shift from El Nino to a La Nina also helped shift the mean genesis area into the Coral Sea area from just east of the Northern Cook Islands, with 5 of the 8 cyclones during the season developing in that area.
Storms.
Tropical Depression 07P.
On December 11, the JTWC started to monitor an area of disturbed weather had developed within a trough of low pressure, about 670 km (415 mi) to the northeast of Honiara in the Solomon Islands. Over the next couple of days the disturbed weather drifted towards the west and moved into the eastern portion of the Australian region. By late on December 14 a tropical disturbance had developed on the south-eastern end of the trough, before as it moved back into the South Pacific region, RSMC Nadi declared it a tropical depression.
JTWC initiated warnings on the system at 15/0900 UTC due to a ship report of 34 kts at 0000 UTC. Bulletins from Nadi alluded to gales being present in the southern and eastern quadrants, but since they were not surrounding the center, the depression was not named as a tropical cyclone. The depression moved southeastward roughly parallel to and several hundred miles southwest of New Caledonia. By 0600 UTC on Dec 16 the system was about 250 nm southwest of Nouméa and had moved across 25S and into the AOR of the Wellington, New Zealand, office. The depression turned to the south and accelerated as it began to lose tropical characteristics. It passed about 210 nm west of Norfolk Island at 1700 UTC, and had become extratropical about 400 nm west-northwest of New Zealand's North Cape by 0500 UTC on Dec 17
Severe Tropical Cyclone Cora.
This storm brought some damage to Tonga.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Dani.
Although Dani never threatened to strike Fiji, its outer bands brought catastrophic rainfall to the nation, killing 12 people and leaving US$3.5 million in damage behind. Damage in Vanuatu was estimated at 1 billion Vatu (US$8.5 million).
Tropical Cyclone Olinda.
On January 22, Tropical Cyclone Olinda moved into the basin about 740 km (460 mi) to the west-northwest of Nouméa, New Caledonia, with 10-minute sustained windspeeds of 85 km/h (50 mph) which made it a category 1 tropical cyclone on the Australian scale. During that day, the cyclone quickly moved towards the east-southeast quickly and managed to intensify into a category two tropical cyclone before it moved into TCWC Wellington's area of responsibility. 
Tropical Cyclone Pete.
On January 23, Tropical Cyclone Pete moved into the South Pacific basin, while at its 1-minute and 10-minute peak intensities of 95 km/h (60 mph) and 100 km/h (65 mph), which made it a tropical storm or a weak category two tropical cyclone on the Australian Scale.
Tropical Cyclone Ella.
On February 9, RSMC Nadi reported that a tropical depression had developed within a monsoon trough, about to the south of Honaira on the Solomon Island: Guadalcanal. During that day the depression moved towards the east and gradually intensified, as convection started to organise while vertical windshear over the system decreased, before the JTWC initiated advisories and designated the depression as Tropical Cyclone 19P. During February 10, 19P started to move towards the southeast while developing further before RSMC Nadi named the depression as Ella early the next day, before it turned and accelerated towards the south and passed about to the west of the northern tip Espiritu Santo.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Rona-Frank.
This storm regenerated from Rona.
Tropical Depression 17F.
On February 17, RSMC Nadi reported that a weak tropical depression, had developed within a monsoon trough over the southern Fijian islands. During that day, the depression moved slowly towards the east before it started to turn towards the southeast during the next day while convection started to organize further. Later that day, RSMC Nadi issued a marine weather bulletin, warning that the depression had 10-minute sustained windspeeds of 75 km/h (45 mph). However, the depression was not classified as a tropical cyclone as the gale force windspeeds were only present in the southern semicircle because of a pressure gradient with a surface ridge of high pressure to the south of the system. Over the next couple of days the depression moved towards the southeast before it was last noted by RSMC Nadi, during February 19 as it approached TCWC Wellington's area of responsibility.
Tropical Cyclone Gita.
On February 25, RSMC Nadi started to monitor a weak shallow depression that had developed within the South Pacific Convergence Zone just to the north of the Southern Cooks Islands. Over the next two days the depression gradually developed further, before the system moved out of RSMC Nadi's area of responsibility during February 27 as it developed into a category one tropical cyclone. TCWC Wellington in conjunction with RSMC Nadi subsequently named it as Gita in conjunction with RSMC Nadi
Severe Tropical Cyclone Hali.
Early on March 11, the NPMOC and RSMC Nadi started to monitor a tropical disturbance that had developed within the South Pacific Convergence Zone between the Southern Cook Islands and French Polynesia. Later that day as the disturbance moved towards the southwest, RSMC Nadi reported that it had developed into a tropical depression while located about to the east of the Cook Island: Aitutaki. Under the influence of diurnal effects and significant vertical shear the depression slowly developed over the next couple of days while drifting through the southern Cook Islands. By 1800 UTC on January 12, the depressions low level circulation centre had moved under the deep convection, as result RSMC Nadi then reported that the system had developed into a tropical cyclone and named it Hali. At the same time the NPMOC initiated advisories on Hali and designated it as Tropical Cyclone 27P, while it was equivalent to a tropical storm with 1-minute sustained windspeeds of 65 km/h (35 mph). After it was named Hali moved towards the west, before early on January 13, the NPMOC reported that Hali had reached its 1-minute peak intensity of 95 km/h (60 mph).
Over the next 3 days, Hali moved towards the west as it gradually intensified further, before early on March 16, an approaching upper trough of low pressure caused a weakness in the subtropical ridge. As a result the cyclone started to move towards the south, while RSMC Nadi reported that Hali had reached its 10-minute peak windspeeds of 120 km/h (75 mph), which made it a category 3 severe tropical cyclone on the Australian scale. Later that day RSMC Nadi reported that the cyclone had started to rapidly weaken because of increasing vertical windshear and cooler sea surface temperatures, and interference from Tropical Depression 20F. As a result RSMC Nadi reported at 1200 UTC on January 18, that Hali had weakened into a depression before later that day the cyclone got caught up in the low level steering field and drifted into TCWC Wellington's area of responsibility during the next day. The remnants of Hali were then last noted on March 20 at 0600 UTC as they dissipated about 1200 km (750 mi) to the southeast of Avarua on the Southern Cook Island: Rarotonga. No impact was caused by Hali while it moved through the Southern Cook Islands.
Tropical Depression 20F.
On March 13 RSMC Nadi started to monitor Tropical Disturbance 20F that had developed, about 800 km (500 mi) to the northeast of Papeete, on the French Polynesian island of Tahiti. The disturbance was located in an upper level environment that was not favourable for further development, and deep convection surrounding the system was limited to the northern quadrant. Over the next couple of days the disturbance moved towards the west-southwest and was declared a tropical depression early on March 15, while it was located about 160 km (100 mi) to the northwest of Tahiti. The depression then developed gale force winds of 65 km/h (40 mph) during the next day, however because they were only found in one or two quadrants and did not wrap around the depression's exposed centre, it was not considered to be a tropical cyclone. The depressions centre was also exposed and displaced to the southwest of the deep convection at this time. The depression was then last noted later that day as it moved into TCWC Wellington's area of responsibility about 400 km (250 mi) to the southeast of Avarua on the Southern Cook Island: Rarotonga.
Other systems.
The following weak tropical disturbances were also monitored by RSMC Nadi, however all of these systems were either short lived or did not develop significantly. The first, Tropical Disturbance 01F, developed about 540 km (340 mi) to the northwest of Apia in American Samoa, however the system remained weak and was last noted later that day. On December 25, Tropical Disturbance 04F developed over the Coral Sea within an area of strong vertical windshear in the Australian region. During that day 04F moved towards the southeast and entered the South Pacific basin, before dissipating during December 26. Tropical Depression 05F then developed on January 1 to the north of the Southern Cook Islands, while showing some baroclinic characteristics, before developing a fair amount of convection around the centre. Convection surrounding the system decreased during January 3, before the system had become unclassifiable by January 5. Tropical Disturbance 06F formed on January 3, to the southwest of French Polynesia, in an area of strong vertical windshear. Over the next couple of days the disturbance moved towards the southwest and never showed any signs of organising significantly. Tropical Low/Disturbance 08F developed on January 16, within an active convergence zone, that was located to the east of Fiji. Over the next couple of days convection around the centre increased slightly but vertical windshear restrained 08F from developing significantly, before on January 19 it moved into much cooler waters and stronger vertical windshear which ultimately led its demise. Along with Cyclone Dani, 08F extended a trough of low pressure on to Fiji which caused significant flooding, 6 deaths and about 4 million (1999 FJD) worth of damage.
Tropical Disturbances 11F, 12F, 13F and 15F were all weak tropical disturbances, that occurred during the first half of February. On March 28, RSMC Nadi reported that Tropical Disturbance 21F had developed about 335 km (210 mi) to the northeast of Niue. During the day the disturbance remained weak as it moved towards the south, however the disturbance did not develop any further as it was located in an unfavourable environment for further development. The basin then was quiet, until April 9 when Tropical Disturbance 22F developed in the eastern portion of the Australian region within an area of high vertical windshear, and slowly moved south-eastwards into the basin without developing further. The next disturbance then developed within the South Pacific Convergence Zone on April 21, to the southeast of Tonga. As the system moved towards the southeast, further development was inhibited by strong north-westerly winds and it quickly became extratropical. As an extratropical cyclone 23F generated significant damaging swells that affected most countries within the Southern Pacific for about a week. Tropical Depression 26F developed about to the east of Port Villa, Vanuatu, ahead of an approaching trough of low pressure, while deep convection lied to the southeast of the low level circulation centre. Over the next few days, the system moved generally southwards slowly, before on May 25, it turned and started accelerating towards New Zealand. On May 27, the remnants of Tropical Depression 26F were absorbed by a large polar low, that was located to the south of the remnants.

</doc>
<doc id="18863745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863745" title="Loanable funds">
Loanable funds

In economics, the loanable funds market is a hypothetical market that brings savers and borrowers together, also bringing together the money available in commercial banks and lending institutions available for firms and households to finance expenditures, either investments or consumption. Savers supply the loanable funds; for instance, buying bonds will transfer their money to the institution issuing the bond, which can be a firm or government. In return, borrowers demand loanable funds; when an institution sells a bond, it is demanding loanable funds. Another term for financial assets is "loanable funds", funds that are available for borrowing, which consist of household savings and sometimes bank loans. Loanable funds are often used to invest in new capital goods, therefore, the demand and supply of capital is usually discussed in terms of the demand and supply of loanable funds.
Interest rate.
The suppliers are people who save money. The demanders are people who borrow the money. The interest rate is the cost of borrowing or demanding loanable funds and is the amount of money paid for the use of a dollar for a year. The interest rate can also describe the rate of return from supplying or lending loanable funds. It is typically measured as an annual percentage rate. As an example, consider this: a firm that borrows $10,000 in funds for one year, at an annual interest rate of 10%, will have to pay the lender $11,000 at the end of the year. This amount includes the original $10,000 borrowed plus $1,000 in interest; in mathematical terms, this can be written as $10,000 × 1.10 = $11,000. To continue with this example, if the firm borrows $10,000 for two years at an annual interest rate of 10%, it will have to repay the lender $12,100 at the end of two years. Because the loan lasts for two years, the firm will not have to pay the lender until the end of the second year. The firm is charged compound interest during the second year.
Equilibrium.
In the loanable funds market, when savings equal investment, equilibrium occurs. To determine the equilibrium, the following formula is used:
or
Rate of return on capital.
The "rate of return on capital" is taken into account when determining the demand for loanable funds. This is the additional revenue that a firm can earn from its employment of new capital, and is usually measured as a percentage rate per unit of time, which is why it is called the rate of return on capital. As long as the rate of return on capital is greater than or equal to the interest rate on paid on funds borrowed, firms will continue to demand loanable funds.

</doc>
<doc id="18863752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863752" title="Ochsehorn">
Ochsehorn

The Ochsehorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Staldenried in the canton of Valais. It lies between the Saastal and the upper Nanztal, north of the Mattwaldhorn.

</doc>
<doc id="18863759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863759" title="Glishorn">
Glishorn

The Glishorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, overlooking Brig-Glis in the canton of Valais.

</doc>
<doc id="18863765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863765" title="Spitzhorli">
Spitzhorli

The Spitzhorli is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located between the Nanztal and the Gantertal, south of Brig-Glis in the canton of Valais.

</doc>
<doc id="18863769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863769" title="Qaraqaşlı, Imishli">
Qaraqaşlı, Imishli

Qaraqaşlı (also, Karakashly) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,298. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863772" title="Bəcirəvan, Imishli">
Bəcirəvan, Imishli

Bəcirəvan (also, Bacirəvan, Badzhiravan, and Bodzherevan) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,137. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863773" title="Tochuhorn">
Tochuhorn

The Tochuhorn (2,661 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking the Simplon Pass in the canton of Valais.

</doc>
<doc id="18863775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863775" title="Richard Duncan (athlete)">
Richard Duncan (athlete)

Richard Duncan (born 25 December 1973 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired Canadian long jumper.
Career.
Duncan finished fourth at the 1994 Commonwealth Games, in the high jump event. In the long jump he competed at the 1996 Olympic Games, the 1997 World Championships, the 1999 World Championships the 2001 World Championships and the 2000 Olympic Games. While attending the University of Texas, Duncan was the first athlete in history to earn All-American honors in the same NCAA Championship meet competing in the long, high, and triple jump events.
Personal Bests.
His personal best marks are:
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18863776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863776" title="Cəfərli, Imishli">
Cəfərli, Imishli

Cəfərli (also, Dzhafarli and Dzhafarly Pervoye) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,509. The municipality consists of the villages of Cəfərli and Hacımustafalı.

</doc>
<doc id="18863778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863778" title="Əliqulular">
Əliqulular

Əliqulular (also, Əliqullar, Alikular, and Alikulular) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,197. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863780" title="Məzrəli, Saatly">
Məzrəli, Saatly

Məzrəli (also, Məzrəlli, Mazrali, Mazra, and Maztaly) (formerly Yuxarı Hacıqasımlı) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 972.

</doc>
<doc id="18863782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863782" title="HD 156091">
HD 156091

HD 156091 is a star in a double system.

</doc>
<doc id="18863783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863783" title="Allahmədətli">
Allahmədətli

Allahmədətli (also, Allahmədədli and Alakhmadatli) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 383. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863784" title="Telişli">
Telişli

Telişli (also, Temishli) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 789. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863786" title="Əyyubbəyli">
Əyyubbəyli

Əyyubbəyli (also, Əyyubbəli and Eyubbeyli) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Gəraybəyli.

</doc>
<doc id="18863799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863799" title="Şükürçü">
Şükürçü

Şükürçü (also, Shukyurchu and Shyukyurchi) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Kəlbənd.

</doc>
<doc id="18863801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863801" title="Lochsley Thomson">
Lochsley Thomson

Lochsley Thomson (born 20 August 1973) is a retired Australian high jumper.
He finished fifth at the 1994 Commonwealth Games. He also competed at the 1992 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
His personal best jump is , achieved in March 1992 in Adelaide.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18863802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863802" title="Galehorn">
Galehorn

The Galehorn (or "Galenhorn") is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located between the Nanztal and the Simplontal.

</doc>
<doc id="18863803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863803" title="Hapıtlı, Ismailli">
Hapıtlı, Ismailli

Hapıtlı (also, Gapytly and Khapytly) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 183. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863807" title="Qarakolluq">
Qarakolluq

Qarakolluq (also, Karakëlluk) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 219. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863809" title="Talış, Ismailli">
Talış, Ismailli

Talış (also, Talysh) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 263. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863812" title="Maçaxı">
Maçaxı

Maçaxı (also, Machakhi and Machakhy) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 136. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863815" title="İkinci Yeniyol">
İkinci Yeniyol

İkinci Yeniyol (also, Yeniyël Vtoroye) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Birinci Yeniyol.

</doc>
<doc id="18863820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863820" title="Birinci Yeniyol">
Birinci Yeniyol

Birinci Yeniyol (also, Yeniyël Pervoye) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 553. The municipality consists of the villages of Birinci Yeniyol, İkinci Yeniyol, and Qərsələ.

</doc>
<doc id="18863823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863823" title="Kələzeyvə">
Kələzeyvə

Kələzeyvə (also, Kala-Zeyna, Kelazeyva, and Zeyva) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Sulut.

</doc>
<doc id="18863824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863824" title="2005 Premier Hockey League">
2005 Premier Hockey League

The 2005 Premier Hockey League Season was the debut season of the Premier Hockey League, and was held in Hyderabad, India. Five teams participated in this season: Hyderabad Sultans, Sher-e-Jalandhar, Bangalore Lions, Maratha Warriors and Chennai Veerans. The title was won by Hyderabad Sultans and Chandigarh Dynamos got promotion to premier division as Chennai Veerans were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="18863827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863827" title="Göytəpə, Ismailli">
Göytəpə, Ismailli

Göytəpə (also, Gëytepe) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 354. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863828" title="Wenghorn">
Wenghorn

The Wenghorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Simplon in the canton of Valais. It lies at the eastern end of the range east of the Fletschhorn.

</doc>
<doc id="18863831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863831" title="Güyüm">
Güyüm

Güyüm (also, Gyugyum) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Diyallı.

</doc>
<doc id="18863833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863833" title="Qərsələ">
Qərsələ

Qərsələ (also, Garsele and Gersala) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Birinci Yeniyol.

</doc>
<doc id="18863835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863835" title="Müşkəmir">
Müşkəmir

Müşkəmir (also, Mushkemir and Myushkyamir) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Zərnava.

</doc>
<doc id="18863841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863841" title="Kənəə">
Kənəə

Kənəə (also, Kənə’ə, Kyanaga, and Kyanagya) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Ərəkit.

</doc>
<doc id="18863842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863842" title="Balmahorn">
Balmahorn

The Balmahorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, located south of Zwischbergen (Val Divedro) in the canton of Valais. The Balmahorn belongs to the Weissmies massif.

</doc>
<doc id="18863843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863843" title="Pirəqanım">
Pirəqanım

Pirəqanım (also, Pir-Agany and Piraganym) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Müdrəsə.

</doc>
<doc id="18863851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863851" title="Mulux">
Mulux

Mulux (also, Mulukh) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Cülyan.

</doc>
<doc id="18863853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863853" title="Daxar">
Daxar

Daxar (also, Dahar and Dakhar) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Cülyan.

</doc>
<doc id="18863854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863854" title="Zla Kolata">
Zla Kolata

Zla Kolata (Montenegrin: Зла Колата, "Zla Kolata"; ) is a mountain of the Prokletije on the border of Albania and Montenegro. It has an elevation of , making it the highest mountain in Montenegro, and the 16th highest in Albania. It is located on the border of the Plav municipality of Montenegro and the Tropojë district of Kukës County, Albania. Zla Kolata has an enormous summit and is a popular tourist destination in both countries. Standing with only slightly lower is Kolata e Mirë, also located on the border. The highest peak is placed completely on Albanian soil and called Maja e Kollatës; it rises 2,552 m (8,373 ft) but is despite the dramatic views into Valbona Valley not as often visited.

</doc>
<doc id="18863855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863855" title="Qoydan">
Qoydan

Qoydan (also, Koydan) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 70. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863858" title="Gendərə, Ismailli">
Gendərə, Ismailli

Gendərə (also, Gëndere) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18863861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863861" title="Xu Yang">
Xu Yang

Xu Yang (born 27 June 1970 in Jiangsu) is a retired Chinese high jumper.
He won the silver medals at the 1993 and 1995 Asian Championships and the bronze medal at the 1994 Asian Games. He also competed at the 1991 World Championships and the 1992 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
His personal best jump is 2.31 metres, achieved in September 1993 in Beijing.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18863862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863862" title="Çandahar">
Çandahar

Çandahar (also, Çandaxar, Chandakhar, and Ğəndahar) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 155. The municipality consists of the villages of Çandahar and Zarat.

</doc>
<doc id="18863863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863863" title="Çayqovuşan">
Çayqovuşan

Çayqovuşan (also, Chaykovushan) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of İstisu.

</doc>
<doc id="18863866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863866" title="Bığır, Ismailli">
Bığır, Ismailli

Bığır (also, Bugur) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18863867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863867" title="2006 Premier Hockey League">
2006 Premier Hockey League

The 2006 Premier Hockey League Season was the second season of the Premier Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="18863868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863868" title="Valasin">
Valasin

Valasin (also, Velesikend and Velyasy) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18863872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863872" title="Külüllü, Agsu">
Külüllü, Agsu

Külüllü (also, Gülüllü, Kululu, and Kyulyulyu) is a village in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Padar.

</doc>
<doc id="18863873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863873" title="Guggilihorn">
Guggilihorn

The Guggilihorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located south of Simplon in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range east of the Weissmies, between the Laggintal and the Zwischbergental.

</doc>
<doc id="18863874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863874" title="Qubaxəlilli">
Qubaxəlilli

Qubaxəlilli (also Khalilli and Kuba-Khalilli) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,467. The municipality consists of the villages of Qubaxəlilli and Çərmədil.

</doc>
<doc id="18863878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863878" title="Şahsoltanlı">
Şahsoltanlı

Şahsoltanlı (also, Shakhsoltanly) is a village and municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 991. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863880" title="Gəraybəyli, Ismailli">
Gəraybəyli, Ismailli

Gəraybəyli (also, Geraybeyli) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 786. The municipality consists of the villages of Gəraybəyli, Əyyubbəyli, and Keşxurt.

</doc>
<doc id="18863883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863883" title="Keşxurt">
Keşxurt

Keşxurt (also, Keshkhurt) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Gəraybəyli.

</doc>
<doc id="18863886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863886" title="Kəlbənd">
Kəlbənd

Kəlbənd (also, Kel’bend, Kel’vend, and Kyal’byand”) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 812. The municipality consists of the villages of Kəlbənd, Qırmızı Oktyabr, Şükürçü, and Kirk.

</doc>
<doc id="18863888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863888" title="Qaravəlli, Ismailli">
Qaravəlli, Ismailli

Qaravəlli (also, Karavelli) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18863889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863889" title="Francesco Matarazzo">
Francesco Matarazzo

Francesco Matarazzo, (1443 – August 21, 1518) was an Italian historian of the European Renaissance. His fame rests largely on his masterwork "Chronicles of the City of Perugia 1492-1503" which has become a primary source for many later historians of the Italian Renaissance and in particular the city of Perugia.
Life.
Although the exact date of his birth in unknown, it is believed that Matarazzo was born about the year 1443 in the small town of Deruta, near Perugia. Little is known of his family, but he is said to have been of noble descent, which would have guaranteed him an extensive education. As a teenager he was chosen to compose the Latin inscriptions that were inscribed beneath the portraits of famous citizens of Perugia that Braccio Baglione had painted to decorate his palace in the city. In 1464 he was teaching in the University of Ferrara and three years later he was assistant to the celebrated humanist teacher Ognibene da Lonigo at Vicenza.
In 1472, he traveled to Greece and settled in Rhodes to study the Greek language. Writing to a friend he reported, "I already speak the language with such fluency that you might think I had been born and brought up in Greece." After wide-ranging travels in the Mediterrean, he settled in Perugia circa 1475 where we find him designated as "reverendi domini Perusinae civitatis secretarius dignissimus". The next seventeen years of his life were spent in his native city.
On 7 March, 1485, in celebration of the feast of St. Thomas Aquinas at the Basilica of Santa Maria sopra Minerva in Rome, Matarazzo delivered the annual encomium in honor of the "angelic doctor" to the members of the Dominican "studium generale", the future Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, "Angelicum".
In 1486 he was appointed Professor of Rhetoric in the University of Perugia. 
In 1492 he succeeded Ognibene as Professor of the Humanities at Vicenza where he spent four or five years.
The magistrates of Perugia ordered his return to the city under penalties and upon his return Matarazzo, contrary to his own expectations, was given a warm reception. "Men do me honour; as I pass through the streets I am saluted; I am loved by the Baglioni, and by all other citizens besides." The following year he was appointed Professor in the University of Perugia at a salary of 110 ducats, guaranteed by the taxes of two villages which were assigned to him.
The rest of his life was spent in Perugia in an honourable position, in which, according to the usage of the time,
political and literary employment were assigned to him in turns. He was frequently charged with the composition of
funeral orations over distinguished citizens. In 1503 he became the State Chancellor; he went as ambassador to
Rome and Florence and to other States, and continued in active service of the State till 1513.
Concerning his death we have the chronicle of his friend Teseo Alfani, which reads: "On this Friday morning, August 20, 1518, before
dawn, died the most excellent Francesco Matarazzo, who had been down with fever for about a month. All the city was sore at heart, for the man had great qualities, and stood indeed above all others, not only in our city, but almost in the whole of Italy. May God have pardoned his sins. He was about seventy-five years old."
Chronicles of the City of Perugia 1492-1503.
At the time this chronicle was written, the city of Perugia was one of the many Renaissance centers of political strife, moral outrage and ruthless violence. The book relates the story of two rival families, the Oddi and the Baglioni, who are locked in a deadly struggle for possession of the city. In 1492 the victorious Baglioni are the reigning overlords of the Republic. The Oddi family and its attendant army live in exile in the valley between Perugia and Assisi where they conduct a long and oppressive guerrilla war against their rivals; and in the process devastate the Umbrian land and impoverish the common citizen.
Considering that Matarazzo wrote under the patronage of the Baglione, many critics regard the author as biased in his selection and presentation of historical material.
Several sheets of the manuscript have been lost and the story begins and ends abruptly.

</doc>
<doc id="18863899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863899" title="2008–09 in Venezuelan football">
2008–09 in Venezuelan football

The following article presents a summary of the 2008-09 football season in Venezuela.
Segunda División A.
Torneo Apertura ("Opening" Tournament).
Last updated: 14 December 2008<br>
Source: FVF<br>
Rules for classification: 1st points; 2nd goal difference; 3rd goals scored.
P = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points.
Torneo Clausura ("Closing" Tournament).
Last updated: 26 May 2009<br>
Source: FVF<br>
Rules for classification: 1st points; 2nd goal difference; 3rd goals scored.
P = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points.
Aggregate Table.
Last updated: 26 May 2009<br>
Source: FVF<br>
1Although the Union Atlético Trujillo qualified to the First Division, were not inscribed due to the merger with Real Esspor.<br>
2Yaracuyanos FC bought UA Maracaibo spot.<br>3Trujillanos FC promoted.<br>
Rules for classification: 1st points; 2nd goal difference; 3rd goals scored.
P = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points.
Segunda División B.
Grupo Centro Occidental.
Last updated: 14 December 2008<br>
Source: FVF<br>
Rules for classification: 1st points; 2nd goal difference; 3rd goals scored.
P = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points.
Promotion playoff.
Minasoro FC and U.A. San Antonio finished the tournament as champions of the Apertura: Grupo Centro Oriental and Grupo Centro Occidental respectively, because of this they have to play a promotion playoff.
Grupo Centro Occidental.
Last updated: 10 May 2009<br>
Source: FVF<br>
Rules for classification: 1st points; 2nd goal difference; 3rd goals scored.
P = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points.
Promotion playoff.
Fundación Cesarger and U.A. San Antonio finished the tournament as champions of the Clausura: Grupo Centro Oriental and Grupo Centro Occidental respectively, because of this they have to play a promotion playoff.
Grupo Centro Occidental.
Last updated: 10 May 2009<br>
Source: FVF<br>
Rules for classification: 1st points; 2nd goal difference; 3rd goals scored.
P = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points.
Venezuela national team.
This section will cover Venezuela's games from August 19, 2008 until June 27, 2009.
"KEY:

</doc>
<doc id="18863912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863912" title="Peter O'Hagan">
Peter O'Hagan

Peter O'Hagan was an Irish Nationalist politician who sat as a Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) Councillor on Lisburn City Council. He was one of three SDLP members of the predominantly Unionist council.
O'Hagan represented the electoral ward of Killultagh, County Antrim. In 1998, O'Hagan became the first nationalist Mayor of Lisburn.
O'Hagan died on 23 December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18863928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863928" title="Qaravəlli">
Qaravəlli

Qaravəlli or Qaravəlili or Karavelli or Kara-Vali or Kora-Velly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18863934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863934" title="Darrin Plab">
Darrin Plab

Darrin Plab (born 26 September 1970) is a retired American high jumper.
He competed at the 1992 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
His personal best jump is 2.35 metres, achieved in June 1992 in New Orleans.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18863944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863944" title="Bəhliyan">
Bəhliyan

Bəhliyan (also, Bakhliin and Bakhliyan) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Şəbiyan.
Notes.
Ne`mat...
The village consists of approximately 15 house with 45 dwellers in it. There is no school or other state offices. There are a historical graves from older alban troops. Main people is Lezgi minorities.
Əhalisi.
Nəmişdikdən ehtiyyat edənlərin məkanı olan Bəhliyan kəndinin əsasını Ləzgi milləti təşkil edir.Bələdiyyə sədiri Rəşid Zalovdur. Kənd günü gündən inkişaf etməkdədir.
Təhsilin vəziyyəti.
Orta məktəbi 500m aralıda yerləşən kənddədir.
Mədəniyyəti.
Azərbaycan milli mədəniyyəti çox yüksək səviyyədə qorunub saxanılmaqdadır.
Abidələri.
Bəhliyan kəndinin ərazisində çox qədimdən qalan Alban qəbirsanlığı saxlanılır.
/ تحریر Şəkilləri== Mənbə == Kənd sakini Ne`mət Ağdəstə

</doc>
<doc id="18863945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863945" title="Jurchen script">
Jurchen script

Jurchen script (Jurchen: ) was the writing system used to write the Jurchen language, the language of the Jurchen people who created the Jin Empire in northeastern China in the 12th–13th centuries. It was derived from the Khitan script, which in turn was derived from Chinese (Han characters). The script has only been decoded to a small extent.
The Jurchens were the ancestors of the Manchu people and spoke a language related to the Manchu language. The Jurchen script, however, is not ancestral to the Manchu script.
According to the Sino-Jurchen glossary, the Jurchen script contains 720 characters. These comprise a mixture of logograms, which represent whole words without any phonetic element, and phonograms, which represent sounds. Compound words consisting of two or more characters were also used.
The Jurchen characters have a system of radicals similar to Chinese characters and are ordered according to radical and stroke count. The Jurchen script is part of the Chinese family of scripts.
History.
After the Jurchen rebelled against the Khitan Liao Dynasty and established the new Jin Dynasty in 1115, they were using the Khitan script.
In 1119 or 1120,
Wanyan Xiyin, the "chancellor" of the early Jin Empire, acting on the orders of the first emperor, Wanyan Aguda, invented the first Jurchen script, known as "the large script".
The second version, the so-called "small script", was promulgated in 1138 by the Xizong Emperor, and said to have been created by the emperor himself. According to the "Jin Shi", in 1145 the small script characters were used officially the first time. 
There is no historical information about any original books that were written in Jurchen, but during the reign of Emperor Shizong of Jin (1161–1189) a large number of Chinese books were translated into Jurchen. The translation program started in 1164; among the translations were Confucian and Taoist classics, histories, and exam study guides. Unfortunately, not even a single fragment of any of the books survived.
Most of the samples of the Jurchen writing available to modern researchers are epigraphic ones (those on monuments etc.), as well as a few short inscriptions on seals, mirrors, ceramics, graffiti, etc. The total of nine epigraphic inscriptions are known so far. The best known, and traditionally thought to be earliest of them is the Jurchen inscription on the back of "the Jin Victory Memorial Stele" (大金得胜陀颂碑, "Da Jin deshengtuo songbei"), which was erected in 1185, during the reign of Emperor Shizong, in memory of Wanyan Aguda's victory over the Liao. It is apparently an abbreviated translation of the Chinese text on the front of the stele. However, the undated inscription from Qingyuan (Kyŏngwŏn) in northern Korea is now thought to be older, surmised to have been created between 1138 and 1153. The only one inscription dating from after the end of the Jin Dynasty is the one on the stele erected in 1413 by the Ming eunuch admiral Yishiha on the Tyr Cliff, on the lower Amur River. 
No paper or silk manuscripts in Jurchen were known until 1968, when a Jurchen manuscript was discovered by E.I. Kychanov among the Tangut papers in the Leningrad branch of the Institute of Oriental Studies (now the Institute of Oriental Manuscripts of the Russian Academy of Sciences). It is written on two sheets of paper and dates to 1217. Writing in 1990, Herbert Franke (perhaps, not aware of "Nüzhen zishu", below) describes the Leningrad document as "unique" and not yet deciphered. 
Even more importantly, in 1979 Chinese scholars Liu Zuichang and Zhu Jieyuan reported the ground-breaking discovery of an eleven-page document in Jurchen script in the base of a stele in Xi'an's Stele Forest museum. This manuscript, containing 237 lines of Jurchen script (around 2300 characters), is thought to be a copy of "Nüzhen zishu" (女真字书, "Jurchen Character Book"), written by Wanyan Xiyin himself soon after his invention of the large-character script. According to its discoverers, this manuscript was a type of textbook, a list of large-script characters, each one usually representing a complete word. This is different from the epigraphic inscriptions, which also contain phonetic symbols. 
The Jurchen script was apparently fairly widely known among Jurchens, which is attested by numerous graffiti (unfortunately, mostly illegible) left by Jurchen visitors in Bai Ta Pagoda in Hohhot, Inner Mongolia. 
Jurchen script must have become much less known after the destruction of the Jin Dynasty by the Mongols, but it was not completely forgotten, because it is attested at least twice during the Ming Dynasty: on Yishiha's Tyr stele of 1413 and in a Chinese–Jurchen dictionary included in the multilingual "Chinese–Barbarian Dictionary" (华夷译语) compiled by the Ming Bureau of Translators (四夷馆). 
During the Yuan and Ming dynasty Jurchen language continued to be spoken in Manchuria, where it later developed into the Manchu language. The latter, however, was written first in Mongolian script (1601), and later in a new Manchu script derived from the Mongolian script (1632), neither of which has any relation to the Jurchen script.
Structure of the script.
Jurchen script was based on the Khitan script, inspired in turn by Chinese characters. Apparently, both semantic and phonetic borrowing took place. Many Jurchen characters can be described as copies, or distorted copies of, of Chinese and/or large-script Khitan characters with similar meaning; others apparently were derived from Chinese characters whose sound was similar to that of Jurchen words, without semantic connection. There seem to be few Jurchen characters whose shapes can be related to the Khitan small-character script; however, the idea of using phonetic symbols for grammatical endings, for phonetics transcription of Chinese loanwords, or for writing words for which there were no special ideograms, may have been inspired by the Khitan small-character script.
The Jurchen characters can be divided into two classes, according to their role:
However, the boundary between the classes was not precise, as some ideographic characters were also used for their phonetic value as parts of other words.
Comparing Wanyan Xiyin's "Nüzhen zishu" with later inscriptions and Ming Dynasty dictionaries, one can detect the direction of the writing system's development from ideographic to combined ideographic-phonetic. Many words originally written with a single character were later written with two or even three, the character originally designating the entire word being later used only for its beginning, and a phonetic character (or two) being used for the last one or two syllable(s),
However, because Chinese is an isolating language and the Jurchen and Khitan languages are agglutinative, the script proved to be cumbersome.
Study of the script.
Due to the scarcity of the surviving samples of Jurchen writing, it was often difficult to determine for the 19th-century (or sometimes even 20th-century) scholars, whether a given inscription was in the "large" or "small" Jurchen script, or whether it was in Jurchen script at all. Thus, it was commonly thought in the 19th century by the Chinese and Western researchers that the "Da Jin huangdi dotong jinglüe langjun xingji" (大金皇帝都统经略郎君行记) inscription represented the Jurchen large script until, in 1922, the Belgian missionary L. Ker discovered the Liao Imperial Tombs in Qingling, where this very script was used, in parallel with Chinese text, for the epitaph of Emperor Xingzong of Liao and Empress Renyi. Thus the Khitan script was discovered, and the Jin Dynasty's "Da Jin huangdi dotong jinglüe langjun xingji" inscription, long thought to be written in Jurchen script, turned out to be written in the (still undeciphered) Khitan script and, most likely, Khitan language, after all.
The pioneering work on studies of the Jurchen script was done by Wilhelm Grube in the end of 19 c.
Jurchen small script.
According to the "History of the Jin Dynasty" there were two different Jurchen scripts: a "large script" that was devised in 1120 by command of Wanyan Aguda, the first emperor of the Jin Dynasty; and a "small script" that was created in 1138 by the Emperor Xizong (r. 1135–1150), but which was first officially used in 1145. However, all the extant examples of Jurchen writing, including the "Sino-Jurchen Vocabulary of the Bureau of Interpreters" ("Nǚzhēn Yìyǔ" 女真譯語) and various monumental inscriptions, are written in basically the same script, which is similar in form to the Khitan large script. Various theories have been suggested to account for the apparent lack of a Jurchen small script in the extant corpus of monumental inscriptions and manuscript texts.
Daniel Kane has suggested that the large and small Jurchen scripts are points on a single script continuum: the large script was the earliest form of the Jurchen script, as represented in the manuscript "Jurchen Character Book" ("Nǚzhēn Zìshū" 女真字書) that was discovered in Xi'an in 1979; and the small script was the later form of the Jurchen script, as represented on the "Monument recording the names of successful candidates for the degree of jinshi" ("Nüzhen jinshi timing bei" 女真進士題名碑) and in the "Sino-Jurchen Vocabulary". The earlier and later forms of the script use basically the same set of characters, but whereas the characters in the "Jurchen Character Book" are largely logographic is nature, many of the characters in the "Sino-Jurchen Vocabulary" and monumental inscriptions have developed a phonetic function, and can thus be used to express grammatical endings. Kane considers the "large script" to refer to characters used as logograms, and the "small script" to refer to character used as phonograms.
On the other hand, Aisin-Gioro Ulhicun believes that there were actually two separate Jurchen scripts, a "large" logographic script modelled on the Khitan large script, and a "small" phonographic script modelled on the Khitan small script. During the 1970s a number of gold and silver "paiza" with the same inscription, apparently in the small Khitan script, were unearthed in northern China. Aisin-Gioro has analysed the inscription on these "paiza", and although the structure of the characters is identical to the Khitan small script she concludes that the script is not actually the Khitan small script but is in fact the otherwise unattested Jurchen small script. She argues that this small script was only used briefly during the last five years of the reign of its creator, Emperor Xizong, and when he was murdered in a coup d'état the small script fell out of use as it was less convenient to use than the earlier large script.

</doc>
<doc id="18863947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863947" title="2007 Premier Hockey League">
2007 Premier Hockey League

The 2007 Premier Hockey League Season was the third season of the Premier Hockey League, and was played in two phases in Chennai and Chandigarh. 7 teams participated: Orissa Steelers, Sher-e-Jalandhar, Bangalore Lions, Hyderabad Sultans, Maratha Warriors, Chandigarh Dynamos and Chennai Veerans. Orissa Steelers won the title in 2007. Sher-e-Jalandhar was the runners up.
Teams.
Orissa Steelers won the PHL 2007 against Sher-e-Jalandhar by beating them by 4-3 in third final.
In the 2007 edition the organisers will eliminate tier 2 and play all the teams in single tier. Also the number of teams will be reduced from 11 teams to 7. Delhi Dazzlers, Bengal Tigers, Lucknow Nawabs, and Imphal Rangers were dropped for the 2007 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18863948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863948" title="Camoscellahorn">
Camoscellahorn

The Camoscellahorn (also known as "Pizzo Pioltone") is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, located on the Swiss-Italian border. The closest locality is Gondo in the Swiss Val Divedro.

</doc>
<doc id="18863950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863950" title="Pablo Sandoval">
Pablo Sandoval

Pablo Emilio Sandoval (born August 11, 1986), nicknamed "Kung Fu Panda", is a Venezuelan professional baseball infielder for the San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball (MLB). He is a two-time All-Star and has won two World Series championships with the Giants. Sandoval hit three home runs in Game 1 of the 2012 World Series, becoming just the fourth person to hit three home runs in a World Series game, and was named the World Series Most Valuable Player (MVP).
Sandoval is a 5 foot 11 inch, 240-pound switch hitter. He was born left handed, but did not want to have to play outfield/first base all of his career. He therefore taught himself to throw right handed as well. He can still throw with both hands, but throws right handed during games.
Minor leagues.
Signed as an undrafted free agent in 2002, Sandoval began his professional career as a catcher in 2004 with the AZL Giants, hitting .266 with no home runs and 26 RBIs in 177 at bats.
In 2005, he was used almost entirely as a third baseman while playing for the Salem-Keizer Volcanoes. He hit .330 with three home runs and 50 RBIs. His batting average slumped in 2006 to .265. He had one home run and 49 RBIs with the Augusta GreenJackets that year, splitting time between first and third base. In 2007, he played for the San Jose Giants, hitting .287 with 11 homers and 52 RBIs. That season, he was used as a catcher and first baseman.
In 2008, he spent time with two minor league teams, the Single-A San Jose Giants and the Double-A Connecticut Defenders, before being called up to the majors. In 273 at bats for San Jose, he hit .359 with 12 home runs and 59 RBIs. In 175 at bats with Connecticut, he hit .337 with 8 homers and 37 RBIs. In total, he hit .350 with 20 home runs and 96 RBIs in 2008.
Major leagues.
Sandoval was called up to the Majors on August 13, 2008. He debuted the next day, August 14, going 0-for-3. In his first MLB plate appearance, he hit a sacrifice fly for an RBI. He got his first hit in the second inning of his next game, August 16, on his way to going 3-for-5. In 41 games in 2008, he hit .345 with 3 home runs and 24 RBI, striking out only 14 times in 154 at-bats. He hit his first MLB home run on August 27 off Liván Hernández of the Colorado Rockies.
On defense, the Giants used him as a catcher for pitcher Barry Zito, who gave Sandoval the nickname Kung Fu Panda after the rotund Sandoval scored a run against the Los Angeles Dodgers by acrobatically jumping over the tag of catcher Danny Ardoin.
In 2009 spring training, he batted .457, leading all batters with 80 or more at bats. On May 12, 2009, Sandoval hit his first walk-off home run to beat the Washington Nationals 9–7. In 2008, he had 145 at bats, he batted .345, while hitting into only 6 double-plays. After 73 games played, "San Francisco Chronicle" columnist Scott Ostler wrote that Sandoval had made the most impressive transition from the Giants farm system since 1986 when Will Clark and Robby Thompson were rookies.
Sandoval's first days in the majors were marked by a tendency to free swing. Giants hitting coach Carney Lansford noted that Sandoval contributed to the team's drawing the fewest walks in the National League at a time when the overall number of walks throughout baseball had increased. "As much as I try to get him to be disciplined, it's like caging a lion. He leaves the dugout ready to swing the bat. I literally tell him before every at-bat, 'Swing at a strike." Sandoval himself characterized his approach as: "See ball, swing." In July 2009, he was named a Sprint Final Vote candidate for the 80th annual All-Star Game for the final roster spot on the National League team. He was beat out by Shane Victorino of the Philadelphia Phillies on the last day of voting.
On July 6, 2009, Sandoval hit his first career grand slam at home at AT&T Park against the visiting Florida Marlins. 
On July 30, 2009, Sandoval hit his first home run into McCovey Cove on Willie McCovey's 50th anniversary of his MLB Debut with McCovey in attendance. At the time of the home run, McCovey was being interviewed by Giants commentators Duane Kuiper and Mike Krukow on the Giant's flagship station CSN Bay Area. Sandoval also made Giants history for most hits by a Giants switch-hitter in a single season with 189 in 2009.
Sandoval finished the 2009 season with the second-highest batting average among NL hitters, at .330, and finished seventh in NL MVP voting.
Sandoval, however, saw a sophomore slump in 2010, with a .268 batting average, 13 home runs, and 63 RBI. Overweight and unproductive, he was benched for Juan Uribe and limited to three at-bats in the Giants' 2010 World Series championship over the Texas Rangers.
Sandoval hired Triple Threat Performance of Tempe, Arizona to help him lose weight over the offseason and to help improve his performance. By the time that Spring Training started he had lost a reported 38 pounds. In his first three 2011 Spring Training games, Sandoval connected for 2 home runs.
Entering 2011, the Giants made a publicized campaign called "Operation Panda", which was aimed at getting Sandoval into better shape during the offseason and shedding the extra pounds. "Operation Panda" worked masterfully, with the third baseman losing 30-plus pounds, and more importantly, it led to results on the field for Sandoval. After a subpar 2010 season, Sandoval returned to his 2009 form. He got off to a good start in 2011, but suffered a broken hamate bone in late April and missed 41 games. On July 10, 2011, Sandoval was selected to the National League All-Star team. In his first All-Star at bat, Sandoval hit an RBI ground-rule double and the NL won the 2011 MLB All-Star Game. 
On September 15, 2011, Sandoval hit for the cycle at Colorado against pitcher Jhoulys Chacín. He had (in order) a two-run HR in the 1st, single in the 2nd, double in the 5th and a triple in the 6th. On September 19, 2011, Sandoval earned his first career "NL Player of the Week" Award. In 2011, Sandoval hit .315 with 23 home runs and 70 RBIs, which is a significant improvement from 2010. He only had 426 at-bats for the season, down significantly from his totals from 2009 and 2010 due to the injury he suffered.
On April 26, 2012, Sandoval hit a single in the 4th inning of a game against the Cincinnati Reds at Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati. This was the 19th consecutive game since Opening Day in which Sandoval had a hit, setting a Giants franchise record for longest consecutive hitting streak to begin a season. The previous record - of 18 games - was set by Johnny Rucker in 1945. On July 1, 2012, it was announced that Sandoval had made his second All-Star team, as starting third baseman for the National League. On July 10, 2012, at Kansas City's Kauffman Stadium, Sandoval highlighted the N.L.'s five-run opening inning with the first bases-loaded triple in the history of the Midsummer Classic off of Justin Verlander.
On October 24, 2012, in Game One of the 2012 World Series, Sandoval hit three home runs — two of them off reigning Cy Young winner Justin Verlander. He joined Babe Ruth, Reggie Jackson, and Albert Pujols as the only players in MLB history to hit three home runs in a World Series game, and is the first in history to hit those home runs in his first three plate appearances (in the 1st, 3rd, and 5th innings). On October 28, Sandoval was named the World Series MVP. He also won the Babe Ruth Award for his overall postseason performance.
Sandoval was named MVP of the Venezuelan Winter League. Sandoval led his team -- Navegantes del Magallanes -- to its first series title since the 2002 winter ball season.
Personal.
Sandoval was born in Puerto Cabello, Carabobo, Venezuela. Sandoval is a devout Roman Catholic, and blesses himself after each base hit. He attributes his success to his faith, saying it is important to be "seizing the opportunities offered in life by God and the need to fight tirelessly, not to survive but to excel."

</doc>
<doc id="18863951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863951" title="Kürdmaşı">
Kürdmaşı

Kürdmaşı (also, Kyurdmashi, Kyurdmashy, and Kyurtmashi) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,997. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863953" title="Kənzə, Ismailli">
Kənzə, Ismailli

Kənzə (also, Ganza and Genzya) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qoşakənd.

</doc>
<doc id="18863954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863954" title="Gendenwitha">
Gendenwitha

Gendenwitha (also spelled Gendewitha) is a mythological character represented by the Morning Star in Iroquois mythology. Her name means "It Brings the Day." Gendenwitha was originally a beautiful maiden who was loved by Sosondowah, a great hunter held captive as a guard by Dawn. Dawn transformed Gendenwitha into the Morning Star after Sosondowah attempted to make her his bride.
Sosondowah and The Legend of Gendenwitha.
Sosondowah was a greatly skilled hunter who was captured by Dawn when he pursued a Sky-Elk up into the heavens. Dawn commanded him to spend eternity guarding the door of her lodge in the sky. From his post, Sosondowah caught sight of Gendenwitha as she stood by a river, and fell in love. During Spring, Sosondowah escaped from Dawn while she was sleeping and entered the heart of a bluebird in order to visit his beloved. Gendenwitha, not knowing the true identity of the bluebird, welcomed Sosondowah as a sign of Spring. Sosondowah escaped from Dawn again during Summer, and entered the heart of a blackbird. Again he visited Gendenwitha at the river, and was greeted as a sign of Summer. During Autumn, Sosondowah escaped once more, this time in the body of a giant nighthawk. He swooped down to the river and took Gendenwitha up to the lodge in the sky to make her his bride. Dawn, angry at the defiance of Sosondowah, transformed Gendenwitha into a star and put her on Sosondowah's forehead so he "must long for her throughout all time without attaining her."

</doc>
<doc id="18863962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863962" title="Kənzə">
Kənzə

Kənzə or Gənzə or Genzya or Kyanza may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18863963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863963" title="Charles Clinger">
Charles Clinger

Charles Clinger (born 28 December 1976) is a retired American high jumper.
He won the bronze medal at the 1999 Pan American Games.
His personal best jump is 2.35 metres, achieved in May 2001 in Pocatello.

</doc>
<doc id="18863972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863972" title="Cima Verosso">
Cima Verosso

The Cima Verosso (2,444 m) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, located west of Bognanco in the Italian region of Piedmont. It lies on the range east of the Portjengrat between the Val Divedro and the Valle di Bognanco. Its summit lies just south of the watershed and the border with Switzerland.
On its western (Swiss side), the mountain overlooks the lake Tschawinersee.

</doc>
<doc id="18863975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863975" title="HMS Tiger (1747)">
HMS Tiger (1747)

HMS "Tiger" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Rotherhithe to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment, and launched on 23 November 1747.
"Tiger" was converted to serve as a hulk in 1760, and in 1765 she was sold out of the navy.

</doc>
<doc id="18863978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863978" title="Piper Mountain Wilderness">
Piper Mountain Wilderness

The Piper Mountain Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area located in the White Mountains northeast of Big Pine, California in Inyo County, California. 
The Wilderness Area was created by the 1994 California Desert Protection Act, and encompasses of Great Basin wildlands, east of the Owens Valley and west of the Eureka Valley.
Geography.
There are three separate units of the wilderness, separated by vehicle corridors, with elevations from to .
The landscape is characterized by steep mountains, narrow canyons, sloping alluvial fans and level floodplains. It includes a subrange of the Inyo Mountains called the Chocolate Mountains, a northwestern section of the Last Chance Range and the upper end of Eureka Valley which is immediately north of Death Valley National Park. 
The highest peaks of the wilderness are in the Chocolate Mountains and include Mount Nunn (7,815 feet) and Lime Hill (6,532 feet). The wilderness's namesake Piper Mountain (labeled 'Chocolate Mountain' on topo maps) rises to an elevation of .
Topography.
The vehicle corridors that break the continuity of the Piper Wilderness Area into three parts were a concession made when the area was added to the California Desert Protection Act. 
Flora and fauna.
Desert vegetation include xeric shrublands of Cresote bush ("Larrea tridentata") in the lower valleys. Plants in the higher elevations include: Shadscale ("Atriplex confertifolia"), Littleleaf Horsebrush ("Tetradymia axillaris"), Stansbury cliffrose ("Purshia stansburiana"), Desert-olive ("Forestiera pubescens") and Mormon tea ("Ephedra californica") on . North-facing high elevation slopes are studded with Single-leaf Pinyon ("Pinus monophylla") and California juniper ("Juniperus californica").
Within the wilderness grows one of the northernmost stands of Joshua Tree ("Yucca brevifolia"), at the base of the Inyo Mountains.
Rare wildflowers include black milkvetch or Funeral Mountain milkvetch ("Astragalus funereus"), and the cactus Redspined fishhook cactus or Mojave fish hook cactus ("Sclerocactus polyancistrus"), which grows in Joshua tree "woodland" communities.
There are three areas within the wilderness that are habitat for the Desert Bighorn Sheep.
Recreation.
Recreational opportunities are day-hiking and backpacking with solitude almost guaranteed as the wilderness is very lightly used. The Bureau of Land Management oversees the Piper Wilderness and does not require any permits for visitors.
Because the Piper Mountain Wilderness Area received federal protection so recently, the of trail are actually closed four-wheel drive roads.
Water and recreation.
Water is the single most limiting factor when exploring this desert wilderness. Caching water is possible in many locations because of the road corridors through the area. The majority of visitors are students from Deep Springs College in Deep Springs Valley, located between highway 168 and the western edge of the wilderness.
Most often hiked is the deep notch of the Soldier Pass Canyon which extends east to west in the Chocolate Mountains. Maps dating to 1879 show a "Soldier Pass" label. The eastern face of the Chocolate Mountains rise above the canyon mouth with the canyon narrowing as it rises in elevation. The broad saddle of Soldier Pass is gained after and is at an elevation of . 
The Bureau of Land Management (BLM) encourages the practice of Leave No Trace principles of wilderness travel to help protect the fragile desert environment.

</doc>
<doc id="18863979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863979" title="Andh">
Andh

The Andh are a designated Scheduled Tribe in the Indian states of Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra. They seem to have originated in southern India in the vicinity of Madras which was once ruled by the Andhra dynasty. However the identification is only used for the people who by the start of the 20th century had a long history of residence in central India.
The Andhs live primarily in the hills of the Adilabad district in Andhra Pradesh. They are further subdivided into the Vertali and the Khaltali. The Vertali consider themselves a superior people and avoid marrying the Khaltali.
According to the Anthropological Survey of India, there are over 74,000 Andhs in Maharashtra 
These Andhs speak Marathi. The Andhs are primarily Hindus.
About 100,000 Andh speak the Andh language. 

</doc>
<doc id="18863987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863987" title="Lakeville Swamp">
Lakeville Swamp

Lakeville Swamp Nature Sanctuary is a sanctuary located in northeastern Oakland County, Michigan. It is maintained and preserved by the Michigan Nature Association, which is a non-profit organization dedicated to protecting Michigan's exceptional natural habitats and extraordinary and endangered plants and animals.
History.
The Lakeville Swamp Nature Sanctuary was the Michigan Nature Association's fifth project. The acquisition of this property began in 1961. 
About the Sanctuary.
As home to over 400 species of native plants, the Lakeville Swamp is Oakland County's most biologically diverse area. It also preserves several distinct kinds of habitats, including a dense White Cedar swamp. 
Several types of wildflowers can be seen at the Lakeville Swamp, such as marsh marigolds, Twinflower, and Clintonia.
The sanctuary is easy to find, but difficult to venture into. Rattlesnakes, poison sumac, and unstable muck keep most people out. It is possible to get lost without the aid of a compass.
Getting There.
Lakeville Swamp Nature Sanctuary is on Rochester Road just south of Lakeville Road and the town of Lakeville and north of Drahner Road. The Sanctuary is on both sides of Rochester Road. The marked trail and informational kiosk is on the west side.

</doc>
<doc id="18863994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863994" title="Kirk, Azerbaijan">
Kirk, Azerbaijan

Kirk (also, Girk) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Kəlbənd.

</doc>
<doc id="18863995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863995" title="Henry Barnes, 2nd Baron Gorell">
Henry Barnes, 2nd Baron Gorell

Major Henry Gorell Barnes, 2nd Baron Gorell DSO (1882-16 January 1917) was a British Army officer.
He was born in 1882, the eldest son of John Barnes, 1st Baron Gorell. After an education at Winchester, Trinity College, Oxford, and Harvard, he was called to the Bar by the Inner Temple in 1906. He worked as a secretary to his father when he was on the Bench, and later as secretary of the Royal Commission on Divorce. He succeeded his father to the peerage in 1913.
During the First World War, he joined the Royal Field Artillery; he was killed in action on 16 January 1917, after one year and ten month's continuous service abroad. He was succeeded in the peerage by his younger brother, Ronald.

</doc>
<doc id="18863997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18863997" title="Natural language user interface">
Natural language user interface

Natural Language User Interfaces (LUI or NLUI) are a type of computer human interface where linguistic phenomena such as verbs, phrases and clauses act as UI controls for creating, selecting and modifying data in software applications.
In interface design natural language interfaces are sought after for their speed and ease of use, but most suffer the challenges to understanding wide varieties of ambiguous input.
Natural language interfaces are an active area of study in the field of natural language processing and computational linguistics. An intuitive general Natural language interface is one of the active goals of the Semantic Web.
Text interfaces are 'natural' to varying degrees. Many formal (un-natural) programming languages incorporate idioms of natural human language. Likewise, a traditional keyword search engine could be described as a 'shallow' Natural language user interface.
Overview.
A natural language search engine would in theory find targeted answers to user questions (as opposed to keyword search). For example, when confronted with a question of the form 'which U.S. state has the highest income tax?', conventional search engines ignore the question and instead search on the keywords 'state', 'income' and 'tax'. Natural language search, on the other hand, attempts to use natural language processing to understand the nature of the question and then to search and return a subset of the web that contains the answer to the question. If it works, results would have a higher relevance than results from a keyword search engine.
History.
Prototype Nl interfaces had already appeared in the late sixties and early seventies.
Challenges.
Natural language interfaces have in the past led users to anthropomorphize the computer, or at least to attribute more intelligence to machines than is warranted. On the part of the user, this has led to unrealistic expectations of the capabilities of the system. Such expectations will make it difficult to learn the restrictions of the system if users attribute too much capability to it, and will ultimately lead to disappointment when the system fails to perform as expected as was the case in the AI winter of the 1970s and 80s.
A 1995 paper titled 'Natural Language Interfaces to Databases – An Introduction', describes some challenges:
The request “List all employees in the company with a driving licence” is ambiguous unless you know companies can't have drivers licences.
“List all applicants who live in California and Arizona” is ambiguous unless you know that a person can't live in two places at once.
- resolve what a user means by 'he', 'she' or 'it', in a self-referential query.
Other goals to consider more generally are the speed and efficiency of the interface, in all algorithms these two points are the main point that will determine if some methods are better than others and therefore have greater success in the market.
Finally, regarding the methods used, the main problem to be solved is creating a general algorithm that can recognize the entire spectrum of different voices, while disregarding nationality, gender or age. The significant differences between the extracted features - even from speakers who says the same word or phrase - must be successfully overcome.
Uses and applications.
The natural language interface and his recognition with satisfactory results, give rise to this technology to be used for different uses and applications. Some of the main uses are:
Below are named and defined some of the applications that use natural language recognition, and so have integrated utilities listed above.
Ubiquity.
Ubiquity, an add-on for Mozilla Firefox, is a collection of quick and easy natural-language-derived commands that act as mashups of web services, thus allowing users to get information and relate it to current and other webpages.
Wolfram Alpha.
Wolfram Alpha is an online service that answers factual queries directly by computing the answer from structured data, rather than providing a list of documents or web pages that might contain the answer as a search engine would. It was announced in March 2009 by Stephen Wolfram, and was released to the public on May 15, 2009.
Siri.
Siri is a personal assistant application for the operating system iOS. The application uses natural language processing to answer questions and make recommendations. The iPhone app is the first public product by its makers, who are focused on artificial intelligence applications.
Siri's marketing claims include that it adapts to a user's individual preferences over time and personalizes results, and performs tasks such as making dinner reservations while trying to catch a cab.

</doc>
<doc id="18864002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864002" title="2008 Premier Hockey League">
2008 Premier Hockey League

The 2008 Premier Hockey League Season was the fourth, and most recent season of the Premier Hockey League. It was won by Bangalore Hi-Fliers who took home prize money of Rs. 4 million. Chandigarh Dynamos finished second and Hyderabad Sultans ended up on third place.
Results.
Bangalore Hi-fliers won the PHL 2008 against Chandigarh Dynamos, beating them by 2-1 in best of 3 finals.

</doc>
<doc id="18864003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864003" title="Cima del Rosso">
Cima del Rosso

The Cima del Rosso is a mountain of Pennine Alps, located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It lies between the Val Divedro (Valais) and the Valle di Bognanco (Piedmont), east of the Portjengrat.

</doc>
<doc id="18864021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864021" title="Nathan Leeper">
Nathan Leeper

Nathan Leeper (born June 13, 1977 in Greensburg, Kansas) is a retired American high jumper.
He finished eleventh at the 2000 Olympic Games, fourth at the 2001 World Indoor Championships and seventh at the 2002 World Cup. Former High Jump Coach at Patrick Henry high school in San Diego CA
His personal best jump is 2.35 metres, achieved in May 2000 in Sacramento.

</doc>
<doc id="18864026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864026" title="No. 6 Air Experience Flight RAF">
No. 6 Air Experience Flight RAF

No. 6 Air Experience Flight (6 AEF) is one of twelve Air Experience Flights run by the Air Cadet Organisation of the Royal Air Force. It was formed in the 1950s, along with the other AEFs, with the aim of teaching basic flying to members of the Air Training Corps, Combined Cadet Force (RAF Section) and occasionally, the Girls Venture Corps Air Cadets and the Air Scouts. It has been based at RAF Benson since 1992. It is used primarily and is parented by the Oxford University Air Squadron.
History.
Formed on 8 September 1958 at White Waltham Airfield, the squadron moved to RAF Abingdon in 1973 and then to RAF Benson in 1992. From 26 November 1995 it was parented by London University Air Squadron but when London UAS moved to RAF Wyton, 6 AEF remained at RAF Benson with parenting being taken over by Oxford University Air Squadron, both units being equipped with Grob Tutor T Mk 1s.
June 2009 air collision incident.
At approximately 2.30pm on Sunday, 14 June 2009, an RAF Grob Tutor and a civilian Standard Cirrus glider collided above Sutton Courtenay, Oxfordshire.
The two-seater Grob Tutor, took off from RAF Benson in Oxfordshire and was part of No 6 AEF's fleet of planes. Flight Lieutenant Michael Blee was a retired Wing Commander with 38 years' service in the RAF before becoming a Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve Officer at 6 Air Experience Flight in 2005, where he assumed the rank of Flight Lieutenant. He was killed in the crash along with CCF cadet Nicholas Rice. Nicholas Rice, who was 15 years old, was a student of the Elvian School in Reading, and was from Calcot, Reading, Berkshire. RAF Benson has now been cleared to fly Air Experience Flights.

</doc>
<doc id="18864027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864027" title="Western Macedonian dialects">
Western Macedonian dialects

The Western Macedonian dialects are one of three groups of the Macedonian language. The group is located in the western and southwestern areas of the Republic of Macedonia and smaller parts in Mala Prespa and Golo Brdo, in Albania, and the Florina regional unit, in Greece. The group of Western Macedonian dialects is divided into two subgroups: the central group and the western and northwestern group.
Dialects.
Western and northwestern group.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18864028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864028" title="Pointe de Barasson">
Pointe de Barasson

The Pointe de Barasson is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It lies between the Great St Bernard Pass and Mont Vélan.

</doc>
<doc id="18864035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864035" title="Truth/Kaze no Mukō e">
Truth/Kaze no Mukō e

Single information.
"Truth" was used as the theme song for Arashi member Satoshi Ohno's 2008 drama "Maō" while "Kaze no Mukō e" was used as the theme song for the news coverage of the 2008 Summer Olympics on NTV, featuring member Sho Sakurai as the main newscaster. In stark contrast to "Truth", which is a fast-paced dance number with a mood similar to the drama's setting and atmosphere, "Kaze no Mukō e" is a more upbeat pop song that, in tradition with other songs used by Japanese broadcasters for their respective Olympic coverage, tries to inspire athletes.
The single is the group's first double A-side single in four years since their 2004 "Hitomi no Naka no Galaxy/Hero" single and the regular edition for "Truth/Kaze no Mukō e" is the first since "Nice na Kokoroiki" not to have the members featured in the cover. The promotional video for "Kaze no Mukō e" premiered on August 8, 2008, in time for the opening ceremony of the Olympics. Prior to the video's release, news program "News Zero" ran a feature featuring Sakurai writing the rap lyrics and recording the song. Arashi also provided the theme song, "Hero", for the news coverage of the 2004 Olympic Games four years earlier on NTV.
In 2009, "Truth/Kaze no Mukō e" was listed as one of "The Best 10 Singles" in the 23rd Japan Gold Disc Award 2009 and also named the "Single of the Year".
Music video.
"Truth".
The music video begins with an orchestra of string instrumentalists such as violinists playing the introduction of "Truth". Arashi appears in front of orchestra dancing in red and black clothes. For the verses that are sung solo or in groups to two or three, a solo shot of the member singing his own respective part is shown while he is leaning against a concrete wall. The video continues to switch from shots of the orchestra to Arashi dancing in sync with the beat of the song and to solo shots of the members. In the closing, Ohno holds the white lily flower seen occasionally throughout the video.
"Kaze no Mukō e".
Directed by , the music video begins with Sakurai with his hands clasped together. The video then moves on to show Arashi standing in a circle singing while the camera steadily spins around them. With each member wearing clothes in white and silver, the video transitions between the group circle and solo shots. During the rap portion of the song, Sakurai stands in the center of the circle. In the closing, an image of the sky is blended in with the video as Arashi sings the last two lines of the song.
Chart performance.
The single debuted at the top spot on the Oricon daily chart with total index sales figure of 119,227 (an estimated 208,647 copies sold), which surpassed the first day sales indexes for their previous singles released during the year ("Step and Go" with 107,689 copies sold and "One Love" with 130,567). Also during the single's week of release was the eighth and final week of "One Love" in the Oricon Top 10, the first time two Arashi singles charted in the weekly Top 10 at the same time. The single sold an estimated 467,288 copies in its first week, overtaking fellow Johnny's boy band KAT-TUN's first week sales of their seventh single "Don't U Ever Stop" of 381,672 copies, making it the biggest first week sales for a single in Japan in 2008.
Two months after its release, the single crossed the 600,000 mark, making it the first and only single of 2008 to do so. According to Oricon, "Truth/Kaze no Mukō e" is officially Japan's best-selling single of 2008.
On January 1, 2009, "Truth" officially ranked at number seven on "Billboard's" Japan Hot 100 2008 Year-end list.

</doc>
<doc id="18864046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864046" title="Kenny Evans">
Kenny Evans

Kenny Evans (born 6 April 1979) is a retired American high jumper. He finished thirteenth at the 2000 Olympic Games. His personal best jump is 2.30 metres, achieved in April 2000 in Fayetteville.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18864053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864053" title="Christ of the Sacred Heart">
Christ of the Sacred Heart

Christ of the Sacred Heart () is a statue of Jesus displaying his Sacred Heart located above the town of El Morro, six miles south of the city of Rosarito, Baja California, Mexico. The statue is situated directly across the highway from the coastal Las Rocas Resort and Spa, from which an excellent view of the statue can be had.
The statue weighs 40 tons and was commissioned by Antonio Pequeno Guerrero. The head, chest and arms are made of steel and the lower body of fiberglass. The summit on which it sits used to feature a small cross at which locals used to place flowers on holy days.

</doc>
<doc id="18864066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864066" title="Mollaisaqlı">
Mollaisaqlı

Mollaisaqlı (also, Molla-Isakhly and Mollaisakly) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,051. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864067" title="Tête de Ferret">
Tête de Ferret

The Tête de Ferret is a mountain of the Pennine Alps on the Swiss-Italian border. It lies just east of the Mont Blanc massif, between the Swiss Val Ferret (Valais) and the Italian Val Ferret (Aosta Valley).

</doc>
<doc id="18864072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864072" title="HMS Weymouth (1752)">
HMS Weymouth (1752)

HMS "Weymouth" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Plymouth Dockyard to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment, and launched on 18 February 1752.
"Weymouth" served until 1772, when the decision was taken to have her broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18864073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864073" title="Şəbiyan">
Şəbiyan

Şəbiyan (also, Shabian and Shabiyan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 378. The municipality consists of the villages of Şəbiyan, Bəhliyan, and Bilistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18864075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864075" title="Andh language">
Andh language

The Andh language, also known as Andhi, is spoken by 100,000 Andhs in India.
The language is unclassified. Although these numbers sound substantial, it appears Andh may be losing ground with many Andhs speaking Marathi at home.

</doc>
<doc id="18864080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864080" title="Keyvəndi">
Keyvəndi

Keyvəndi (also, Keyvendi) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 467. The municipality consists of the villages of Keyvəndi and Mingə.

</doc>
<doc id="18864083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864083" title="1979 New Zealand Open – Singles">
1979 New Zealand Open – Singles

Tim Wilkison defeated Peter Feigl 6-3, 4-6, 6-4, 2-6, 6-2 to win the 1979 Heineken Open singles competition. Eliot Teltscher was the champion but did not defend his title.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.
Draw.
Key.
"NB: The Final was the best of 5 sets while all other rounds were the best of 3 sets."

</doc>
<doc id="18864085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864085" title="Pirəbülqasım">
Pirəbülqasım

Pirəbülqasım (also, Pirabil’kasum, Pirabul’kasim, and Pirabul’kasym) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 157.

</doc>
<doc id="18864096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864096" title="Hacıhətəmli">
Hacıhətəmli

Hacıhətəmli (also, Gadzhi-Atamli, Gadzhigatamli, and Gadzhygatamli) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,421. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864099" title="Soltankənd, Ismailli">
Soltankənd, Ismailli

Soltankənd (also, Soltankend) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 534. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864108" title="Aiguille des Angroniettes">
Aiguille des Angroniettes

The Aiguille des Angroniettes is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It lies on the main Alpine watershed, west of the Grand Golliat.

</doc>
<doc id="18864109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864109" title="Tubikənd">
Tubikənd

Tubikənd (also, Tubikend, Tubukend, and Tuvikend) is The village forms part of the municipality of Qoşakənd.

</doc>
<doc id="18864111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864111" title="Uştal">
Uştal

Uştal (also, Ushtal) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 440. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864112" title="Qoşakənd">
Qoşakənd

Qoşakənd (also, Koshakend and Narimankend) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 624. The municipality consists of the villages of Qoşakənd, Tubikənd, and Kənzə. During the Soviet period, it was renamed in honor of Azeri revolutionary Nariman Narimanov.

</doc>
<doc id="18864113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864113" title="Sir Pyers Charles Mostyn, 10th Baronet">
Sir Pyers Charles Mostyn, 10th Baronet

Sir Pyers Charles Mostyn, 10th Baronet (1895 – 16 January 1917) was an English baronet.
He was born in 1895, the fourth child and eldest son of Sir Pyers William Mostyn, 9th Baronet. On his own death the title passed to his cousin, Sir Pyers George Joseph Mostyn, 11th Baronet. His death at a young age forced the sale of the family estate of Talacre.

</doc>
<doc id="18864116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864116" title="Aşıqbayramlı">
Aşıqbayramlı

Aşıqbayramlı (also, Ashygbayramly and Ashykhbayramly) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 765. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864134" title="Class rating">
Class rating

A class rating is an allowance to fly a certain group of aircraft that require training common to all aircraft within the group. A Type rating is specified if a particular aircraft requires additional specialized training beyond the scope of initial license and aircraft class training. What aircraft require a type rating is decided by the local aviation authority. Almost all single engine piston (SEP) or multi engine piston (MEP) single pilot aircraft can be flown without a "type rating", but are covered by a "class rating" instead. An exception to this under Joint Aviation Authorities (JAA) regulations is the piston version of the Piper Malibu. 
There are seven categories of aircraft, which may be further subdivided into two or more classes:

</doc>
<doc id="18864137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864137" title="HMS York (1753)">
HMS York (1753)

HMS "York" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Plymouth Dockyard to the draught specified in the 1745 Establishment, and launched on 10 November 1753.
"York" served until 1772, when the decision was taken to have her broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18864138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864138" title="Pointe de Drône">
Pointe de Drône

The Pointe de Drône is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies west of the Great St. Bernard Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="18864156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864156" title="Bizlan">
Bizlan

Bizlan (also, Biznan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 480. The municipality consists of the villages of Bizlan and Zərgəran.

</doc>
<doc id="18864157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864157" title="Enişdibi">
Enişdibi

Enişdibi (also, Enishdibi and Ehishdibi) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Quşəncə.

</doc>
<doc id="18864160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864160" title="The Lonesome Picker Rides Again">
The Lonesome Picker Rides Again

The Lonesome Picker Rides Again is the fourth album by folk musician John Stewart, former member of the Kingston Trio, released in 1971. The album contains Stewart's own recording of "Daydream Believer", a song he wrote for The Monkees. Their version was released as a single and hit the number one spot on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart in December 1967, remaining there for four weeks.
Track listing.
All compositions by John Stewart.
Side two.
Recorded at Western Recorders and Crysal Sound in Hollywood, except for tracks 1:6 and 2:1 which were recorded live at Chuck's Cellar in Los Altos, California, on 29 May 1971 by Wally Heider. Location engineer was Ray Thompson. Album mixed at Independence Recorders, Studio City, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18864161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864161" title="Qıçatan">
Qıçatan

Qıçatan (also, Kichatan and Kychatan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 148. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864164" title="Quşəncə">
Quşəncə

Quşəncə (also, Quşencə, Kushendzha, Kushendzhe, and Kush-Yengidzha) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,525. The municipality consists of the villages of Quşəncə, Balik, and Enişdibi.

</doc>
<doc id="18864165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864165" title="Zərgəran">
Zərgəran

Zərgəran (also, Zargeran) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Bizlan.

</doc>
<doc id="18864168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864168" title="Tircan">
Tircan

Tircan (also, Tirdzhan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,375. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864172" title="Basqal">
Basqal

Basqal (also, Azizbekovo, Baskal, and Baskhal) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,245. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864175" title="Eesti Raadioamatööride Ühing">
Eesti Raadioamatööride Ühing

The Eesti Raadioamatööride Ühing (ERAU) (in English, Estonian Radio Amateurs Union) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Estonia. Key membership benefits of ERAU include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests, and a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries. ERAU publishes a semi-annual membership magazine called "ES-QTC". ERAU represents the interests of Estonian amateur radio operators before Estonian and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. ERAU is the national member society representing Estonia in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18864177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864177" title="Kürdüvan">
Kürdüvan

Kürdüvan (also, Kyurdevan, Kyurduvan, and Kyurdyuvan) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Zeyvə.

</doc>
<doc id="18864182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864182" title="Northern Macedonian dialects">
Northern Macedonian dialects

The Northern Macedonian dialects are one of three groups of the Macedonian language. The group is located in the northern and northeastern areas of the Republic of Macedonia, surrounding the cities and towns of Skopje, Tetovo, Kumanovo, Kratovo, Kriva Palanka, and Sveti Nikole. The group of Northern Macedonian dialects is divided into two subgroups: the western group and the eastern group.
Dialects.
Eastern group.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18864188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864188" title="National Law School of Delhi">
National Law School of Delhi

National Law School of Delhi, established in 2008 by Act 1 of 2008 of National Capital Territory of Delhi is another premier Law University joining the band of premier Law Universities established in India. Vision of the University is to create a premier Global Legal Institute which would compete with the best within and outside India, with a view to imparting knowledge of various aspects of law to the youngsters and introduce them to wide range of opportunities in legal profession across the globe. The state of art infrastructure of University with all facilities for learning and research in law is at Sector 14, Dwarka, New Delhi.
FIVE-YEAR B.A. LL.B. (Hons) PROGRAMME
ELIGIBILITY 
Senior Secondary School Examination (10+2 System) or equivalent Examination with not less than 50% of marks in the aggregate.
AGE LIMIT Below 21 years
TOTAL SEATS 80 (eighty) seats on merit and 10 seats for direct admission to Foreign Nationals on merit
RESERVATION 15% for SC Candidates, 7.5% for ST Candidates, 3% for Persons with Disabilities
This year (2008–2009) the admissions have been made on the basis of an All India Entrance Examination held on 1 June 2008.
For more info: National Law University, New Delhi

</doc>
<doc id="18864190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864190" title="Balik, Azerbaijan">
Balik, Azerbaijan

Balik (also, Valyk and Balık) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Quşəncə.

</doc>
<doc id="18864191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864191" title="68th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment">
68th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment

The 68th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. Also known as the Cameron Rifles or the Second German Rifle Regiment, the men were mostly German immigrants. Organized in July 1861, three months after the outbreak of war, the 68th saw service in the Eastern and Western theaters.
As a part of the Army of the Potomac, it was initially assigned to the defenses of Washington, D.C. Later, the 68th was transferred to the Shenandoah Valley and fought at the Battle of Cross Keys. The men of the 68th were then reassigned to central Virginia and found themselves in the thick of the fighting at Second Bull Run. After returning to the nation's capital, the regiment fought in Chancellorsville and was routed by Confederate forces. At Gettysburg, they saw battle on two of the three days and took heavy losses.
The regiment was then transferred to the west and participated in the Chattanooga campaign. The 68th fought in the battles of Wauhatchie and Missionary Ridge, assisting in the Union victories there. The regiment marched to relieve the siege of Knoxville, and then spent the last year of the war on occupation duty in Tennessee and Georgia, before being disbanded in November 1865.
Raising the regiment.
On July 22, 1861, the United States War Department authorized Robert J. Betge to raise a volunteer infantry regiment in New York. Recruited to serve for three years, the men came mostly from Manhattan, and also from New Jersey, Maryland, and Pennsylvania. The mostly German immigrants were also called the "Second German Rifles" (the First German Rifles, raised several months earlier, were the 8th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment), but Betge called the regiment the "Cameron Rifles", after Secretary of War Simon Cameron. The officers were also German, and many had served in the armies of Austria, Prussia, and other German states. In all, 1020 men filled the ranks when the regiment had finished recruiting.
Accepted into service on August 19, the 68th left New York the next day, traveling by train from Perth Amboy, New Jersey to Washington, D.C., to join the brigade of Brigadier General Louis Blenker in the Army of the Potomac. Blenker was a German immigrant himself, a refugee of the Revolutions of 1848, and many of the units under his command were heavily German-American. Encamped at Roach's Mills, Virginia, the 68th served in the defense of Washington, losing three men in their first combat, a minor skirmish with a Confederate patrol. In November, the Army was reorganized; the 68th was shifted to Colonel Adolph von Steinwehr's brigade and Blenker moved up to command the division. They encamped at Hunter's Chapel, Virginia, for the remainder of the winter. There, Betge was brought before a court martial, accused of "conduct unbecoming an officer and gentleman": confiscating two horses and other property from "loyal" Virginia citizens, and taking a bribe to hire the 68th's regimental sutler. He was not convicted, and was permitted to return to the regiment.
Shenandoah Valley.
In March 1862, the Army was again reorganized and Blenker's brigade was merged into the II Corps, led by Major General Edwin Vose Sumner. That month the 68th moved to Warrenton, Virginia, where it came into contact with Confederate cavalry; three of the officers were captured. The following month, Blenker's brigade was moved into Maj. Gen. John C. Frémont's Mountain Department, necessitating a march to Winchester, Virginia, where the 68th and the rest of Frémont's army guarded the western part of the Shenandoah Valley against incursions by Confederate forces under Lieutenant General Stonewall Jackson. Their long march had left the 68th bereft of supplies and low on rations. Colonel Betge protested against the mistreatment of his regiment, and was placed under arrest, surrendering command to the Lieutenant Colonel, John H. Kleefish.
The initial action in Jackson's Valley Campaign took place to their east, but in June Frémont's force of 15,000 joined the 10,000-man division of Brig. Gen. James Shields to converge on Jackson south of Massanutten Mountain. Jackson was determined to attack the two Union columns separately and arranged half of his troops to block Shields on the right side of the mountain, while the other half, commanded by Maj. Gen. Richard S. Ewell, blocked the left side. Jackson's wish was realized when, on June 8, Frémont's army attacked. Frémont, believing he was striking Jackson's rear, instead attacked Ewell head-on, and Jackson soon brought his whole force to bear on the Union troops in the Battle of Cross Keys. The men of the 68th came under concentrated fire for the first time but were not heavily involved in the battle, although two men were killed. The battle was a defeat for the Union, and Frémont's force did not attack again, being blocked instead by a small holding force from Ewell's wing. The rest of Jackson's force then turned to attack Shields's army the next day at Port Republic, but Frémont's infantry did not figure in the battle, another Confederate victory, though his artillery shelled the enemy from long range.
After the battle, the 68th marched to Cedar Creek and the army was placed under the overall command of Maj. Gen. John Pope; Frémont's force was designated the First Corps of the Army of Virginia. Frémont, who outranked Pope, resigned in protest, and President Lincoln accepted the resignation. Lincoln replaced him with Maj. Gen. Franz Sigel, who had been commanding troops in the Western theater. Sigel was, like many in the First Corps, a German immigrant, and the 68th and the other German regiments in the First Corps were happy for the change in commanders. Sigel ordered the 68th to Luray for picket duty. When they arrived, Betge resigned his commission and Kleefish continued to command the regiment until a new colonel could be assigned.
Second Bull Run.
The regiment remained in the Shenandoah Valley until August 1862 when they joined Pope's army and moved south to engage Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia. They arrived the day after the Battle of Cedar Mountain, and joined Pope's army in its retreat from that Confederate victory. After a series of minor actions along the Rappahannock, Pope's forces met Jackson's half of Lee's army near Manassas Station. Lee had divided his army into wings led by Jackson and Lt. Gen. James Longstreet and sent Jackson's force to raid Pope's rear to cut his supply line. Pope believed he had a chance to destroy the Army of Northern Virginia one half at a time, and made the decision to attack. Jackson's men struck the first blow, however, and drove off a portion of the Union force. The next day, having taken up a strong defensive position along an unfinished railroad, Jackson awaited Pope's advance. Pope obliged him, sending the Army forward against Jackson's lines. The 68th and the rest of Sigel's corps occupied the middle of the advancing line. They were unable to break Jackson's lines, and withdrew. The Cameron Rifles had seen some action at Cross Keys, but this was their first experience of fierce fighting and they acquitted themselves well, despite the failure of the attack.
By the afternoon, Longstreet joined Jackson with the other half of Lee's army and attacked the Union left. Longstreet believed it was too late for an attack, and did not attack that day, other than in a minor clash where his lines met some federal units at dusk. The next day, August 30, Pope attacked Jackson again at 3:00 in the afternoon. Again, the attacking forces could not overcome their enemies' positions, and this time Longstreet counterattacked and forced them back toward their original positions. Sigel's forces, which did not take part in the initial Union assault, held firm against the Confederate counterattack, but after heavy casualties the army retreated. Among the casualties were 22 killed from the 68th (including Kleefish) and 59 wounded, making Second Bull Run one of the unit's bloodiest engagements.
The Army of Virginia retreated nearly all the way back to Washington. Pope was relieved and Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan placed in charge of the army once more. After burying Kleefish in Washington, the 68th redeployed to Fairfax, Virginia. With Kleefish dead and Betge having resigned, command of the regiment fell temporarily to Major Carl von Wedell. The officers then petitioned the Governor Horatio Seymour to commission Gotthilf von Bourry d'Ivernois as their new colonel, which he did. Von Bourry, a veteran of the Austrian army, had served on Blenker's staff as a captain and had impressed the officers of the 68th with his tales of heroism in the Second Italian War of Independence.
Army of the Potomac.
Chancellorsville.
The 68th spent September and October 1862 defending Washington where they were attached to Alexander Schimmelfennig's 1st Brigade of the XI Corps in the Army of the Potomac (the re-numbered I Corps formerly of the Army of Virginia) still commanded by Sigel. In November, they advanced to Centreville with the rest of the Army, now under the command of Maj. Gen. Ambrose Burnside. Burnside, who had taken over the Army when McClellan was relieved of command earlier that month, was determined to bring battle to the enemy, and he ordered the Army to advance once more to the Rappahannock. The 68th, however, remained in reserve with the rest of the XI Corps, and so was spared any part in the defeat that befell the Union Army at the Battle of Fredericksburg. The Army retreated once again, and the 68th joined them in winter quarters at Stafford, Virginia.
Morale was low in the Army after Fredericksburg and the retreat that followed, and Burnside was replaced in command by Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker. Several corps commanders were also replaced, including Sigel, whose XI Corps passed to Maj. Gen. Oliver O. Howard on April 2, 1863, when he resigned in protest because he believed he deserved a larger corps. In a corps of mostly German regiments, Howard was immediately unpopular and his distribution of religious tracts to the troops did not improve the relationship. The regiment was smaller, too, than it had been: just 259 present for duty. Their new commander in the XI Corps's 3rd Brigade was another German, Maj. Gen. Carl Schurz.
Hooker brought the Army to the Rappahannock for a third time, but rather than crossing directly into the defenses of the Confederates, he divided his much larger force to attack Lee's army from two sides simultaneously. This time, the 68th and the other regiments of the XI Corps were part of the action, crossing the river with Hooker's main force on May 1, 1863, to attack Lee's left. Despite Hooker's careful planning, the Battle of Chancellorsville was another Union defeat. After crossing the Rappahannock, Hooker had ordered the wing including the XI Corps to halt and await the Confederate attack. Faced with attacks on two sides, Lee daringly divided his smaller force to engage both: the pause allowed Lee to send Jackson with the bulk of the army to meet the Union advance and outflank their right wing the next day, May 2. Although he was warned of the impending attack, Howard did not order the units under his command to entrench, and when Jackson's men arrived the XI Corps was caught unprepared. At about 5:15 p.m., Jackson's force of 21,500 men caught the XI Corps in the flank and by surprise as the men were preparing their dinner. Schurz ordered his brigade to shift to meet the assault, and the 68th jumped to action, but they were still overwhelmed by the force of numbers and began a disorganized retreat an hour into the attack. After falling back, the 68th and the other retreating units rallied to avoid a complete rout and held off the Confederates until nightfall. The XI Corps suffered nearly 2,500 casualties, including 5 dead, 16 wounded, and 32 missing from the 68th. The next day, the XI Corps held the left of the Union line and was again attacked, but unlike the previous day, they were not at the focus of the Confederate attack. The entire army retreated across the Rappahannock the next day, defeated once more.
Gettysburg.
In the wake of Chancellorsville, newspapers heaped scorn on the German regiments, blaming the 68th and the others for the defeat. The XI Corps suffered from low morale, and several officers resigned their commissions, including Lt. Col. Carl Vogel and five others from the 68th. The Army of the Potomac pulled back from the Rappahannock, and was soon on the move as the Army of Northern Virginia slipped past and marched north toward Pennsylvania. Led by still another new commander, Maj. Gen. George Meade, the Union army followed the Confederates north. The 68th, now with 267 present for duty, had been shifted to the XI Corps's 1st Brigade under Brig. Gen. Leopold von Gilsa when the Army of the Potomac prepared to meet the rebels at the Battle of Gettysburg. The XI Corps was among the first to arrive on the scene on July 1, 1863. Schurz's brigade arrived first, and he ordered them to take up defensive positions north of the town. The other two divisions arrived next, and Howard arrayed them to resist the rebel onslaught he knew was coming soon. The landscape was mostly devoid of features that would aid in defense, but Gilsa's men were able to entrench on one low rise, Blocher's Knoll. The 68th was sent forward to skirmish, along with the 54th New York and part of the 153rd New York, and were the first to be attacked and ousted from their positions when Lt. Gen. Jubal Early's Confederate division came on in numbers and outflanked them. The army retreated south of the town, but Howard, after arguing with Maj. Gen. Winfield Scott Hancock over who was in command in Meade's absence, rallied the troops there and ordered them to entrench.
The 68th began the second day in a more defensible position on Cemetery Hill. This placed them at the center of the Union line, and most of the day's early action was on the flanks. In the evening, however, Early's forces attacked again; the charging Confederates quickly reached the top of the hill and some hand-to-hand combat broke out, but losses were light because the growing darkness made it difficult for soldiers on both sides to shoot accurately. Reinforcements from the II Corps arrived and helped the XI Corps hold the position. On the third day, the 68th remained in that position, but the major attack of the day, Pickett's Charge, was to their left. The 68th performed better than they had at Chancellorsville, participating in their first Union victory. They paid the price with much higher casualties, 8 killed and 63 wounded; 67 were made prisoners of war, many on the first day during the retreat to Cemetery Hill. In the thick of the action for two out of three days, the 68th lost more men at Gettysburg than in any other battle.
Chattanooga campaign.
Lee's army retreated into Virginia and, after some delay, the Army of the Potomac followed. After a skirmish in Hagerstown, Maryland, on July 12, the 68th crossed the Potomac into Virginia on July 16 and took up guard duty along the Orange and Alexandria Railroad near Warrenton. The regiment remained there until September, when it and the rest of the XI Corps were detached from the Army of the Potomac and sent to Tennessee. The XI and XII Corps, under Hooker's command, made up an independent force added to the Armies of the Tennessee, the Cumberland, and the Ohio, which were all operating in that theater. Maj. Gen. William Rosecrans, having just lost the Battle of Chickamauga, was besieged in Chattanooga, and the other armies were gathering to lift the siege and attack the Confederate army there, led by Lt. Gen. Braxton Bragg. Traveling for seven days by rail, the 68th arrived in Tennessee on September 30.
The regiment spent the first month guarding railroads again, this time west of Chattanooga. Rosecrans soon found himself relieved of duty, and Maj. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant was placed in overall command of the three armies plus Hooker's two corps. The 68th, too, saw a change in its leadership when Col. von Bourry was cashiered for drunkenness and command passed to Lt. Col. Albert von Steinhausen. By this time, losses from Gettysburg and illness had reduced the regiment to 127 men present for duty, just over a tenth of their numbers from the start of the war.
Grant's armies converged on Chattanooga and planned to attack Bragg's army. Getting into place required the XI and XII Corps to cross the Tennessee River at Bridgeport, Alabama, and march rapidly for Lookout Valley, opening the supply line to Chattanooga. They did so, to the surprise of the Confederate forces there, which had not expected an attack from that quarter. On October 28, Hooker's two corps were attacked by a part of Bragg's army, which had by now been joined by Longstreet and some units from the Army of Northern Virginia. Bragg ordered Longstreet to drive the federals back and he attacked. In the ensuing Battle of Wauhatchie, the XII Corps took the brunt of the initial assault. Hooker bypassed Howard and ordered Schurz to bring up the XI Corps to join the fight. The engagement was confused on both sides, but the Union forces were victorious, driving off the rebels and inflicting twice the casualties they received. With the supply lines now reopened to Chattanooga, Grant planned to dislodge Bragg's army. At the Battle of Lookout Mountain, the 68th was held in reserve on the first day, November 24. The battle continued the next day and a part of Howard's XI Corps, including the 68th, was shifted to the far left of the Union lines to reinforce Sherman's attack on Missionary Ridge. There, the 68th skirmished with the enemy, but was unable to advance. The Confederates were forced to retreat however as Maj. Gen. George Thomas's troops' assault on their center sent Bragg's army into retreat from the ridge.
Four days later, on November 28, the 68th, still attached to Sherman's army, marched north to relieve Burnside's army, which was besieged in Knoxville, Tennessee. Before they arrived, however, Burnside managed to defeat the enemy, and the regiment returned south. It spent the winter guarding railroads near their winter quarters in Bridgeport. In April, the enlistments of many three-year men were due to expire, including the men of the 68th. The men were sent to Louisville, Kentucky, and then by rail back to New York City for four weeks' leave of absence. With the war not yet over, the government encouraged re-enlisting, and many of the 68th did so. The three-year men of the 8th and 29th Infantry, two other German-American units reduced by casualties and expiring enlistment terms, were consolidated into the 68th. Drafted men and substitutes brought the ranks up to 400 present for duty.
Re-enlistment and the end of the war.
Among those continuing in the army was the colonel of the 8th New York, Prince Felix Salm-Salm. As the 68th had been without a colonel since von Bourry had been cashiered, Governor Seymour appointed Salm-Salm to the post on June 8, 1864. The youngest son of a minor German prince, Salm-Salm had served in the Prussian and Austrian armies before coming to America and joining the Union Army in 1861. His appointment to lead the 68th caused consternation among the officers, who had hoped for the promotion of one of their own. They protested to the governor unsuccessfully, but accepted that Salm-Salm was to be their leader. After the commissions and re-enlistments were sorted out, the 68th returned to Tennessee. They were again serving under Hooker in the XX Corps, which was consolidated from the XI and XII Corps and had now been attached permanently to Thomas's Army of the Cumberland. The 68th was assigned to Maj. Gen. James B. Steedman's 4th Brigade of the new corps and spent the next few months patrolling the Nashville and Chattanooga Railway in Tennessee. By that time, Confederate resistance in the area was weakened, and the rails and bridges were not damaged. Salm-Salm's wife, Agnes, joined him during the winter of 1864–1865, and the officers spent much of their time entertaining.
The 68th was not involved in the Battle of Nashville that December, in which Lt. Gen. John Bell Hood's Confederate army was nearly destroyed, but Salm-Salm did get permission to join the battle himself while the 68th stayed at their patrol stations. After Thomas's victory at Nashville, the 68th was ordered to prepare to pursue what remained of Hood's army. They redeployed to Decatur, Alabama, where Salm-Salm rejoined the regiment. They skirmished with Hood's rear guard, but the rainy weather aided the Confederates' escape. Salm-Salm led the regiment in the minor engagements following in January and February 1865 at Elrod's Tan Yard, Hog Jaw Valley, and Johnson's Crook. As Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman's Army of the Tennessee advanced farther into Georgia, the 68th did as well, making Atlanta their headquarters in March 1865. They continued to serve in northern Georgia through the spring and summer of 1865, and were stationed there when news came that the major Confederate armies had surrendered to Grant and Sherman. While there, they were ordered to facilitate the transition from a slave-based economy to a sharecropper system by encouraging plantation owners and their former slaves to sign farming contracts.
The 68th moved to Fort Pulaski, outside Savannah, Georgia, in October 1865. The men remained there until November 30, 1865, when, with the war finally ended, the 68th New York was mustered out of federal service. They boarded a steamship for New York and received their final pay at Hart's Island on December 14, where they disbanded. The regiment had served for more than four years, and had suffered casualties of 47 killed, 133 wounded, and 116 captured.

</doc>
<doc id="18864193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864193" title="Jasper Woods">
Jasper Woods

Elmer P. Irene Jasper Woods Memorial, commonly referred to as Jasper Woods, is a nature sanctuary located in St. Clair County, Michigan in the United States. It is maintained and preserved by the Michigan Nature Association, which is a non-profit organization dedicated to protecting Michigan's exceptional natural habitats and extraordinary and endangered plants and animals.
History.
Jasper Woods was acquired in 1977 from Elva Rabidue. Known then as Schenck Woods, the land had been in her family since 1869. She wanted to see it preserved for wildlife and sold it to the Michigan Nature Association in a bargain sale. In 1982, it was renamed Jasper Woods as a memorial to Elmer and Irene Jasper who were founding members of the Michigan Nature Association and both served as officers and directors in its early years.
About the Sanctuary.
Jasper Woods is a cool northern-type woods primarily made up of hemlock, white pine, maples, oaks, white and yellow birches, and wild black cherry. The groves of hemlock, especially on the south central section, are the most prominent feature. Shrubs include northern arrowwood, chokeberry, Michigan holly, leatherwood, and maple-leaved viburnum.
Jasper Woods is home to three kinds of trillium, which bloom at slightly different times and in different habitats. Earliest is the red trillium, which is found in the rich wet deciduous woods. It blooms in early May, depending on spring weather conditions. A few days later comes the white trillium, which appears in the drier woodlands. Finally, in mid-to-late May the painted trillium appears. This beautiful trillium is a Michigan Endangered species
and is found only in St. Clair County and Sanilac County. It has a preference for hemlock woods.

</doc>
<doc id="18864196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864196" title="Patrick's Point State Park">
Patrick's Point State Park

Patrick's Point State Park is north of Eureka, California in the heart of California's coast redwood country.
The park is home to many tree species including coastal redwoods, spruce, hemlock, pine, fir and red alder and wildflower meadows with a 
shoreline that consists of sandy beaches and sheer cliffs against the Pacific Ocean.
Amenities include hiking trails, a recreated Yurok Village, a native plant garden, visitor center, three family campgrounds, two group camps, a camp for hikers and bicyclists, accessible beaches, lookout points, and three group picnic areas.

</doc>
<doc id="18864202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864202" title="Xankəndi, Ismailli">
Xankəndi, Ismailli

Xankəndi (also, Khankendi) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Zeyvə.

</doc>
<doc id="18864203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864203" title="HD 157819">
HD 157819

HD 157819 is the Henry Draper Catalogue designation for a star in the southern constellation of Ara. It is faintly visible to the naked eye at an apparent visual magnitude of 5.94 and is approximately distant from the Earth. The spectrum of this star fits a stellar classification of G8 II-III, indicating it is a G-type star that is somewhere between the giant and bright giant stages of its evolution.

</doc>
<doc id="18864206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864206" title="Zenith Motorcycles">
Zenith Motorcycles

Zenith Motorcycles was a British motorcycle manufacturer established in Finsbury Park, London in 1904. Zenith motorcycles used engines from various suppliers, including Precision, Villiers and JAP. Under chief engineer Frederic "Freddy" Barnes, Zenith developed the "Gradua" gear, a variable pulley which adjusted the length of the drive belt by sliding the rear wheel backwards or forwards in the slots. This gave Zenith a great advantage which competitors claimed was unfair and many clubs banned the Gradua Zeniths, who simply included the word "Barred" in their badge.
In the 1930s Zenith hit hard times and closed down production, but the name was bought by Writers of Kennington, who had been one of their main dealers, and production restarted at the Hampton Court factory in Surrey. The Second World War stopped production again, but they managed to stockpile enough 750 cc JAP engines to continue straight after the war. JAP had ceased production, however, therefore once the last engine had been used it was the end of the line for Zenith and they finally closed in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="18864207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864207" title="Potladurthi">
Potladurthi

Potladurthi is a village in Kadapa district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. Situated in the bank of Penna River on the way of Yeraaguntla and Proddatur road in the area of 4336 acres with the population around 8000 to 9000. 
This village is famous for black stone business. The stones called Kadapa stones (black stone) are mined from the mines of this village. The Kadapa stones have a reputation throughout the world as these stones are exported to other countries. It is located 5 km away from Proddatur. 
Potladurthi is famous for festival celebrations during Ganesh chathurthi all Ganesh idol from all the streets come together for nimajjan, its like a carnival fest for Potladurthi villagers. Everybody in Potladurthi used to really enjoy this fest; another one is Gangamma Jatara during ugadi. This Gangamma Jatara is famous throghout the Kadapa District. Apart from ganagmama jathara it is famous for Peddama jatara (festival) also and these celebrations during will be Ugadi festival. In this village there are somany temples like Sivalayam, Lakshmi prasanna venkateswara alayam, Chennakesavalayam, ramalayam, Ganga temple, Peddamma temple, Veerabrahmendraswamy math etc.
Population of this village are farmers, stone mine holders and merchants and people mostly are thapi mastries for the construction and development of the houses in and around the near towns and throughout Kadapa District. This village is highly developed with regards to construction of the houses, living nature, in view of basic need facilities and self-sufficiency of the villagers. This village has Zilla Parishad high school providing the education to thousand of the students near and around the villages. This school not only provides the education, but along with the education makes national and state level sports stars in many type of sports. 
Nowadays this village is going to achieve complete literacy for all the children living in the village.
Strengths of this village are:
-90% Cement roads
-90% pucca Houses
-3 Elementary,1 Z.P High School
-6 Anganwadi Schools
-1 Gram panchayat office
-1PHC,1 Veterinary Sub centre
-1 Social Welfare Hostel for Boys
-2 Ration shops, 1 Super Market (Srikanth Naidu's Supermarket)
-1 Post office
-3 protected water schemes
-81 Selp Helf Groups-about 800 women members with Dwakra groups
-Excellent greenery-avenue plantation
-20 historical and modern temples
-3 Marriage Function Halls (Reddy function Hall, Chennakesavaswami function Hall, Dr. Vijaya Sri Tyagaraja reddy function Hall)
Potladuthinas are really proud to live in Potladurthi with the adequate resources of a town even though Potladurthi is really a village.
Transportation.
It is well connected by road to all the major towns, Proddatur, Kadapa, Yerraguntla and Pulivendula and Vempalli, Gandi kshetram. The nearest railway station is Yerraguntla about 10 km away, and is on the Mumbai - Chennai railway line. Potladurthi has been awarded as the best panchayat in the year 2007, and received award from the president of India for its development activities and self-sufficiency. This award is completely dedicated to our village president as his dediation towards the development of the village. It is one of the only few villages in India, where everyone in the village has a pacca house, and all other basic necessities. this is the village as centre point and from here trnaportation to Rayalaseema Thermal Power project (RTPP),Venkatapuram, Malepadu, Kallamalla and other side to kamalapuram, Kogatam, Hanumanaguthi and yerraguntla.

</doc>
<doc id="18864208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864208" title="Tony Stevens">
Tony Stevens

Tony Stevens (born 12 September 1949, in Willesden, northwest London; also known as Tone Stevens) is an English musician, best known as the bassist with the bands Foghat and Savoy Brown.
Career.
Stevens joined the British blues-rock band Savoy Brown in 1968, and contributed to four of that band's albums over the next two years as bassist and songwriter. Savoy Brown, which also included drummer Roger Earl, guitarist Kim Simmonds and singer/guitarist "Lonesome" Dave Peverett, built a healthy following in the U.K. and U.S. through extensive touring; they were notable enough in the U.S. that, on 7 September 1969, Stevens became a subject of American performance artist/groupie Cynthia Albritton, better known as "Cynthia Plaster Caster." Savoy Brown's most successful album during Stevens' tenure with them was "Looking In", whose centerpiece song, "Leavin' Again," he co-authored. Released in 1970, "Looking In" reached number 39 on the U.S. Billboard album charts.
After a concert tour of the U.S. to support "Looking In", Kim Simmonds, Savoy Brown's "de facto" leader, disbanded this version of the group. Following this, Stevens, Earl and Peverett, along with guitarist Rod Price, founded Foghat in January 1971. This line-up of Foghat released four albums through 1974, the most successful of which was "Energized" (released February 1974; U.S. Billboard No. 34). The band relocated to the U.S., where Foghat followed Savoy Brown's approach of building a fan base via near-constant touring. Stevens ultimately came to dislike spending so much time on the road and away from England, and announced his departure from the band in 1975.
After leaving Foghat, Stevens returned to England and refocused himself on session work. Most notably, Stevens was a member of the band supporting the Thames Television TV series "Rock Follies", whose first soundtrack album entered the U.K. album chart at number 1 in 1976. "Rock Follies"' composer Andy Mackay, best known as saxophonist/oboist with Roxy Music, also enlisted Stevens' services on his 1978 solo album "Resolving Contradictions". Stevens launched several new bands during the late 1970s and early 1980s as well, including Midnight Flyer, managed by Led Zeppelin impresario Peter Grant and featuring singer Maggie Bell.
In 1993, music producer Rick Rubin approached the four founding members of Foghat about recording a reunion album. While Rubin ultimately was not involved in the project, Stevens rejoined his ex-bandmates to record 1994's "Return of the Boogie Men", and toured with Foghat for the next two years in support of the album. Peverett died in 2000 and Price had left the band yet again in 1999, leaving Stevens and Earl to maintain the band through 2004.
Stevens currently performs with the band Slow Ride, which he founded in "the Foghat tradition" in 2005. The band takes its name from one of Foghat's most famous songs - one which, interestingly, was first recorded in 1975, after Stevens initially left the band.

</doc>
<doc id="18864209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864209" title="Snowmasters">
Snowmasters

Snowmasters Inc., which is now known as GLOBAL SPECIAL EFFECTS, is a special effects company headquartered in Lexington, Alabama. The firm, founded in 1992 by former magician Francisco Guerra, specializes in artificial snow, cryo, smoke, bubble and fog machines. The company's products have been used in music videos such as "Back to December" by Taylor Swift and "Mistletoe" by Justin Bieber, film productions such as Hairy Potter and "Lucky", television shows such as "Fear Factor", and at Walt Disney Parks and Resorts.
History.
The company was founded in 1992 after Francisco Guerra, a Cuban native who emigrated to the United States as a child, utilized a system for producing artificial snow to use in his magic shows. Guerra developed a 98% water and 2% surfactant solution which evaporates shortly after touching the ground, known as Evaporative SnowTM. as well as machines to distribute the substance in various forms. Snowmasters has subsequently branched into other products, including fog, cryo, foam, smoke effects and bubble machines.
Products.
Global Special Effects' main product offering is its proprietary artificial snow and range of snow machines, which sell for $1,500 to $5,000 each. Subsidiary companies of Snowmasters include FlogosTM, whose machines produce floating shapes constructed from helium-filled soap bubbles. Flogos has been contracted to produced Mickey Mouse shapes at Walt Disney World Resort in Florida. Another operating company, Foam Masters, manufactures foam machines for use at parties and auditoriums.

</doc>
<doc id="18864211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864211" title="Cobb angle">
Cobb angle

The Cobb angle, named after the American orthopedic surgeon John Robert Cobb (1903–1967), was originally used to measure coronal plane deformity on antero-posterior plane radiographs in the classification of scoliosis. It has subsequently been adapted to classify sagittal plane deformity, especially in the setting of traumatic thoracolumbar spine fractures.
In the setting of spine trauma and assessing sagittal plane deformity, the Cobb angle is defined as the angle formed between a line drawn parallel to the superior endplate of one vertebra above the fracture and a line drawn parallel to the inferior endplate of the vertebra one level below the fracture.
The Cobb angle is the preferred method of measuring post-traumatic kyphosis in a recent meta-analysis of traumatic spine fracture classifications.

</doc>
<doc id="18864212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864212" title="Dave Von Ohlen">
Dave Von Ohlen

David Von Ohlen (born October 25, 1958 in Flushing, New York) is a former professional baseball pitcher. Von Ohlen pitched in all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball from 1983 through 1987. He appeared in 181 major league games, all in relief.
Early career.
Von Ohlen's potential was shown early on, as he pitched a no-hitter for his Little League Baseball team in Queens, NY. He was selected by the New York Mets out of Flushing High School in the 17th round of the 1976 Major League Baseball Draft. He spent six seasons in the Mets farm system without making it to the majors, and he was granted free agency after the 1982 season.
Major league career.
He signed with the St. Louis Cardinals, who finally gave him a major league trial. He pitched two seasons for St. Louis, appearing in 73 games with an ERA of 3.23. Despite this moderate success, he was released by the Cardinals and signed with the Cleveland Indians. In 1985, Von Ohlen once again pitched reasonably well, putting up an ERA of 2.91 in 26 appearances, but was released after the season.
Von Ohlen started the 1986 season with the Miami Marlins, an independent team in the Florida State League. He was purchased from them in June by the Oakland Athletics, where he pitched in 28 games between 1986 and 1987 before again being released. He returned to the Marlins to start the 1988 season before being re-signed by Oakland, finishing his professional career with the Tacoma Tigers in the A's organization.

</doc>
<doc id="18864216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864216" title="Xankəndi (disambiguation)">
Xankəndi (disambiguation)

Xankəndi or Khankendy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18864221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864221" title="Kürd Eldarbəyli">
Kürd Eldarbəyli

Kürd Eldarbəyli (also, Kyurdel’darbeyli and Kyurd-El’darli) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 762. The municipality consists of the villages of Kürd Eldarbəyli and Güdəyli.

</doc>
<doc id="18864224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864224" title="Tağlabiyan">
Tağlabiyan

Tağlabiyan (also, Taglabiyan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 322. The municipality consists of the villages of Tağlabiyan and Kəlfərəc.

</doc>
<doc id="18864225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864225" title="Kəlfərəc">
Kəlfərəc

Kəlfərəc (also, Kalfaradzh and Kel’farach) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Tağlabiyan.

</doc>
<doc id="18864228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864228" title="Diyallı">
Diyallı

Diyallı (also, Diyally) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,016. The municipality consists of the villages of Diyallı, Güyüm, and Sədiyan .

</doc>
<doc id="18864230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864230" title="Vələsli, Ismailli">
Vələsli, Ismailli

Vələsli (also, Velasli) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18864234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864234" title="Mücü">
Mücü

Mücü (also, Myudzhyu) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 229. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864236" title="Qəzli, Ismailli">
Qəzli, Ismailli

Qəzli (also, Gazli and Kozly) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Mican.

</doc>
<doc id="18864239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864239" title="Qəzli">
Qəzli

Qəzli or Gazli or Kozly or Kazeli or Kezli may refer to:
For places in Poland, see Kozły (disambiguation).

</doc>
<doc id="18864246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864246" title="Bhilori language">
Bhilori language

Bhilori is a Bhil language of India. There are 100,000 speakers of each of the two varieties, Dungra and Noiri, which are highly intelligible with each other.
Noiri is one of the Scheduled Tribes of India.

</doc>
<doc id="18864250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864250" title="Transco plc v Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council">
Transco plc v Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council

Transco plc v Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council [http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld200203/ldjudgmt/jd031119/trans-1.htm UKHL 61 is an important English tort law case, concerning the rule in "Rylands v. Fletcher".
Facts.
Transco plc (British Gas come commercial) had sued the council for repairs of £93,681.55 underneath one of its pipes in Brinnington. The ground beneath the gas pipe had washed away when the council’s water pipe leaked.
Judgment.
The Lords held that because the quantities of water from an ordinary pipe is not dangerous or unnatural in the course of things, the council was not liable. Lord Hoffmann, however, remarked on the irony that had the pipe belonged to a ‘water undertaker’ s.209 Water Industry Act 1991 creates strict liability unless (with further irony) the loss is to a Gas Act 1986 company.
Their Lordships protected the rule in "Rylands v. Fletcher" but within strict confines. The escape must be of something dangerous, out of the ordinary, which did not include a burst waterpipe on council property. Unlike the Australian High Court, whose abolition of the doctrine in "Burnie Port Authority v. General Jones Pty" (1994) 179 CLR 520 was given severe doubt, their Lordships stated their purpose,

</doc>
<doc id="18864251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864251" title="Sauce Bourguignonne">
Sauce Bourguignonne

Sauce bourguignonne , Bourguignonne sauce, is a French sauce with a base of red wine with onions or shallots, a bouquet garni (parsley, thyme and bay leaf), reduced, strained, and mixed with some espagnole sauce. Just before serving it is mounted with butter and seasoned lightly with cayenne pepper. Like all red wine sauces, it may have some mushrooms added during cooking to enrich the flavour. When the sauce is used to accompany sautéed meat or poultry, it is made directly in the sauté pan in which these items were cooked. The onions or shallots are sautéed in the pan and the red wine is added which is used to dissolve and incorporate the residue from the cooking of the meat. The onions may also be cooked at the same time as the meat.

</doc>
<doc id="18864252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864252" title="French Without Tears (disambiguation)">
French Without Tears (disambiguation)

French Without Tears is a 1936 play
French Without Tears can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18864254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864254" title="Stirling Iron Works">
Stirling Iron Works

The Sterling Iron Works owned by Peter Townsend was one of the first steel and iron manufacturers in the American colonies and the first steel producer in the colony of New York. The company was most famous for forging the Hudson River Chain that kept the British Navy from sailing up the Hudson during the American Revolution, and served to protect the strategically important fort at West Point. The works were operational from 1761 to 1842.
Initial ore discovery.
In 1750 the first discovery was made of a rich superficial deposit of iron ore at the south end of Sterling Mountain, in the town of Monroe, New York. In the following year, Ward & Colton erected at the outlet of mine and Sterling Pond, in the extreme southern part of Warwick, near the Monroe line, a charcoal blast-furnace, which was the first in Warwick. These works were called the Sterling Iron-works, honoring General William Alexander, Lord Stirling, the owner of the land, and later an officer in the Revolutionary army. They were built for the manufacture of anchors, including for the United States frigate, . A second Sterling furnace was built in 1777.
Additional mines opened.
Several other veins of magnetic ore were later opened in the vicinity of the Sterling mine, which itself covered about . The Forest of Dean mine, a very extensive bed six miles (10 km) west-northwest of Fort Montgomery, as early as 1756 supplied a furnace, and was abandoned twenty-one years later. The vein is over thick and broad, and made good cold short iron.
The Long Mine, belonging to the Townsends, was discovered in 1761 by David Jones and supplied about 500 tons of ore annually to the Sterling Works over the next 70–80 years for an aggregate production of about 140,000 tons. It was the only mine at which systematic mining was attempted in that time, and was worked to the depth of on a single vein thick. The ore yielded 62 per cent, of strong tough metal, from which cannon, muskets, wire, steel, fine malleable iron, and harness-buckles were made.
The Mountain Mine, half a mile southwest of Long Mine, was found in 1758 by a hunter, in consequence of a tree having been blown up by he roots. The Iron from this mine was remarkable for its strength and fine polish, and was in consequence chiefly exported to England to be tinned.
First metal produced in New York.
Mr. Peter Townsend, who became the owner of Stirling Iron before the Revolutionary War, made iron anchors in 1773, and in 1776 produced the first steel in New York, at first from pig and afterward from bar iron. The first blister steel made in the State was made by his son, Peter Townsend, Jr., in 1810, from ore of the Long Mine on the Stirling estate. In the manufacture of edge-tools it was considered equal to the famous Dannemora mine Swedish Iron. 
The first cannon made in the State were cast at Stirling for the government, in 1816. They were from six to thirty-two pounders.
The Hudson River Chain.
At the close of 1779, West Point was the strongest military post in America. In addition to the batteries that stood menacingly upon the hill tops, the river was obstructed by an enormous defensive iron chain. The iron of which this chain was constructed was wrought from ore of equal parts, from the Stirling and Long Mines, in Orange county. The chain was manufactured at the Stirling Iron Works about from West Point. The general superintendent of the work, as engineer, was Captain Thomas Machin, who afterward assisted in the engineering operations at Yorktown, when Cornwallis was captured. The project took place under the supervision of Colonel Timothy Pickering. 
The chain was completed in the middle of April, 1778, and on 1 May it was stretched across the river and secured. It weighed 186 tons, and was made and delivered in six weeks. This chain was forged at Stirling, hauled piece by piece to New Windsor, and put together at the military smithy of Capt. Machin. It was then floated down the Hudson as a whole, and placed in position. It remained unbroken during the war although others at Fort Montgomery and on the lake above were broken by the British. Links of these chains, weighing . each, are preserved at the Military Academy at West Point.
In front of this chain was a heavy boom of logs. Each winter the chain and boom were un-moored, taken up to the beach, in the cove now crossed by the railroad tracks, and piled up out of reach of the moving ice until ready to be replaced in the spring. 
The chain was instrumental in the discovery of Benedict Arnold, when Peter Townsend's cousin, Sally Townsend, whose brother Robert was a member of Gen George Washington's Culper Ring of spies, allegedly intercepted information at the family home in Oyster Bay, Long Island which occupied by British officers. The intercepted message from Arnold indicated that he had weakened the chain and contained instructions on how the Royal Navy could breach its defenses and take the fort at West Point. When he realized he had been discovered, Arnold escaped to the British and the chain remained intact throughout the war.

</doc>
<doc id="18864260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864260" title="1995–96 Scottish Challenge Cup">
1995–96 Scottish Challenge Cup

The 1995–96 Scottish Challenge Cup was the 6th season of the competition, competed for by the 30 member clubs of the Scottish Football League. The previous champions were Airdrieonians, who defeated Dundee 3–2 after extra in the 1994 final.
The final was played on 5 November 1995, between Stenhousemuir and Dundee United at McDiarmid Park in Perth. Stenhousemuir won 5–4 penalties after a 0–0 draw after extra time, to win the tournament for the first time.
First round.
Cowdenbeath and Stenhousemuir received random byes into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="18864273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864273" title="İsmayıllı (disambiguation)">
İsmayıllı (disambiguation)

İsmayıllı may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18864275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864275" title="Mahaman Smaila">
Mahaman Smaila

Mahaman Smaila (born 28 February 1986) is an amateur boxer from Cameroon who competed in the 2008 Olympics at junior welterweight but lost his first bout to Cuban Roniel Iglesias.

</doc>
<doc id="18864278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864278" title="Riffelhorn">
Riffelhorn

The Riffelhorn (2,928 m) is a mountain in the Swiss section of the Pennine Alps, located south of Zermatt in the canton of Valais.
The Riffelhorn forms part of the Gorner ridge and provides excellent rock climbing facilities having several routes of a different Climbing grades. It has been used a long time by the local Alpine guides to train rock climbing skills for climbers before ascending on higher mountains. 
It is also very popular view point being in the middle of one of the most famous valley in the Alps, between the Matterhorn and Monte Rosa. Also the altitude of nearly 3,000 m gives an needed atmosphere of Alpine conditions. Nearest access is Rotenboden train station. Gornergratbahn continues from here up to summit of Gornergrat.
On the northern side of the mountain lies the Riffelsee.

</doc>
<doc id="18864281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864281" title="Big Valley Creation Science Museum">
Big Valley Creation Science Museum

The Big Valley Creation Science Museum is a museum in Big Valley, Alberta, Canada, dedicated to promoting the young earth creationism as a faith based alternative to biological evolution presented by the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology, also in Alberta, 35 miles to the south. It is Canada's first permanent creation museum.
The museum measures , cost C$280,000 to build, and was opened on June 5, 2007 by owner Harry Nibourg, an oil field service worker. It hosts 40 to 80 visitors weekly. Exhibits include an interactive display about the bacterium flagellum, trace the ancestry of the British royal family to Adam and Eve, and present fossils as evidence for the flood of Noah. It has been compared to the larger and controversial Creation Museum in Petersburg, Boone County, Kentucky, which opened earlier the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="18864292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864292" title="Casio Wave Ceptor">
Casio Wave Ceptor

The Casio Wave Ceptor is a line of radio watches by Casio. Wave Ceptor watches are able to calibrate themselves to the correct time by receiving time signals from various government time services around the world. These signals are normally driven directly by ultra-accurate atomic clocks, and so by synchronizing with the signals, the Wave Ceptor watches achieve long-term accuracy - nearly the same accuracy as the atomic clocks that drive the time signals, which is on the order of one second in three million years.
The Wave Ceptor watches are not the only radio-controlled wristwatches on the market. The German manufacturer Junghans and Japanese manufacturer Citizen Watch Co. also have this feature. Like most radio-controlled watches, the Wave Ceptor watches require no setting or resetting of time, date, daylight saving time, or year; and like most other watches of this kind, they synchronize at least every 24 hours, usually in the middle of the night. Their long-term and short-term accuracy is thus better than 500 ms.
As with all radio-controlled watches they revert to free-running quartz accuracy in areas out of range or shielded from time setting signals. The time setting signals usually come from radio emitting towers. However, they are still as accurate as other quartz watches in this mode.
The receivers to which the watches can tune themselves vary by watch submodel. CASIO mentions that in Europe, the watches will tune to the low frequency time signal radio station DCF77 located at Mainflingen in Germany or MSF at Anthorn (formerly transmitting from Rugby, Warwickshire) in the United Kingdom. In Europe the reception range is approximately 1500 kilometres. In the United States, they will tune into WWVB at Fort Collins. In Japan, they will tune to JJY on 40 kHz Mount Otakadoya, and 60 kHz Mount Hagane. In China, they will tune to BPC at Shangqiu. Some watches can register only some of these signals.

</doc>
<doc id="18864293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864293" title="Southeastern Macedonian dialects">
Southeastern Macedonian dialects

The Southeastern Macedonian dialects are one of three groups of the Macedonian language. The group is located in the eastern and southeastern areas of the Republic of Macedonia, surrounding the cities of Štip, Strumica, and Delčevo. The group also includes Blagoevgrad Province, or Pirin Macedonia, in Bulgaria, and Macedonia, or Aegean Macedonia, Greece. The group of Southeastern Macedonian dialects is divided into three subgroups: the eastern group, the southwestern group, and the southeastern group. According to the Bulgarian linguists these dialects are a part of the Bulgarian language.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18864296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864296" title="2008 Constitution of Ecuador">
2008 Constitution of Ecuador

The Constitution of Ecuador is the supreme law of Ecuador. The current constitution has been in place since 2008. It is the country's 20th constitution.
History.
Following his election as President of Ecuador, Rafael Correa called for a referendum on establishing a Constituent Assembly to write a new constitution for the country, which was held on April 15, 2007 and passed with over 80.0% approval. The elections for the Ecuadorian Constituent Assembly were held on September 30, 2007. With 74 seats, Rafael Correa's political party, PAIS Alliance, won the majority of the 130 available seats. The assembly first convened on November 29, 2007 in Montecristi, and was given six months to write a new constitution, with a possible two-month extension. In late July, 2008, the assembly approved a draft constitution consisting of 494 articles.
When Ecuador began the process of writing a new constitution, they received help from the Community Environmental Legal Defense Fund to draft environmental laws giving nature and ecosystems rights.
The Constitution was approved by the electorate in the constitutional referendum in September 2008 by 63.93% to 28.10%.
Analysis.
Environmental rights.
The Constitution is the first in the world to recognize legally enforceable Rights of Nature, or ecosystem rights. Article 71-74 prohibits the extraction of non-renewable resources in protected areas. Moreover, the production of monocultures will be avoided for reforestation and rehabilitation of the soil. The state will also protect the intellectual property of collective work based on national biodiversity and begin to recognize the Rights of Nature.
International investment.
The Constitution prohibits Ecuador from yielding jurisdiction over private trade or contract disputes to external organizations. As a result, Ecuador was forced to withdraw from the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID).
Food Sovereignty.
The constitution is one of the first in the world to recognise the right to food.
Article 281, labelled Food Sovereignty, reads: "Food Sovereignty constitutes an objective and strategic obligation from the State to guarantee its people, communities, pueblos and nationalities self sufficiency in healthy food, culturally appropriate in a permanent form." This entails the following state responsibilities:
Article 15 protects agricultural, wild and genetic biodiversity by prohibiting genetically modified seeds and crops. The President and the National assembly can introduce exceptions, but genetic modification are not allowed if its intervenes with food sovereignty.
Drug liberalization.
According to the 2008 Constitution of Ecuador in its Article 364 the Ecuadorian state does not see drug consumption as a crime but only as a health concern. Since June 2013 the State drugs regulatory office CONSEP has published a table which establishes maximum quantities carried by persons so as to be considered in legal possession and that person as not a seller of drugs.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Article 67 of the Ecuadorian Constitution adopted in 2009 limits marriage to the union of a man and a woman. However, according to an unofficial English language translation of Article 68 the article provides that same-sex couples in stable and monogamous unions enjoy the same rights and obligations of married couples.
The stable and monogamous union between two persons without any other marriage ties who have a common-law home, for the lapse of time and under the conditions and circumstances provided for by law, shall enjoy the same rights and obligations of those families bound by formal marriage ties.
Based on Article 68, civil unions for same-sex couples are legal in Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="18864317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864317" title="Same Difference">
Same Difference

Same Difference werean English bubblegum pop duo, made up of siblings Sean and Sarah Smith. They came to prominence in 2007 when they finished third in the fourth series of UK television talent show, "The X Factor". Their music is targeted mostly at the children's and teenage market. Their debut single, "We R One", was released on 24 November 2008, and their debut album, "Pop", followed on 1 December 2008. In November 2009, it was announced that Same Difference had signed a new record deal with PopLife Records, and their second album was released on 7 February 2011. In Autumn 2013 the duo confirmed they had parted ways and that they would become solo artists stating they felt the duo was not going to have any more success.
Biography.
The two siblings were brought up in The Dale, Widley, in the Borough of Havant in Hampshire, England. At the time of their appearance on "The X Factor", Sean (born 24 September 1985) was an entertainer in Portsmouth while Sarah (born 4 November 1988) was a student. Sean left home at the age of 17 to perform on cruise ships and appeared in a number of pantomimes Together, they performed at a local retirement home. Sarah left home at 16 to attend the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts and completed her diploma in 2007 the year they entered X Factor. Sarah has also worked as a model and acted in the show "Genie in the House" but claims that singing has always been her big passion. In her VT during the third live show of "The X Factor" finals, she revealed that she was bullied whilst at Purbrook Park School for being overly interested in singing and that in her head she pictured her tormentors telling her she wasn't good enough. A friend, Harriet Templer, said that she had been witness to the bullying and that these girls were yelling abuse and even attacked her. The school's headmaster, Keith Clark, admitted he was unhappy that the bullying, which was "resolved overnight," had become a big subject on national television.
"The X Factor".
Same Difference did a song and entered the fourth season of the British talent show "The X Factor" in 2007. They auditioned in London, where judge Simon Cowell described them as "potentially two of the most annoying people I've ever met." However, he went on to champion the duo as mentor, later calling them "genuinely nice people." During the live shows, the siblings came in for particular criticism from judge Louis Walsh, who described them as "cheesy" and suggested that they would be better suited to children's parties and pantomime. In response to Walsh's comments, Cowell and fellow judges Sharon Osbourne and Dannii Minogue all disagreed, praising Same Difference for their upbeat performances.
They were tipped to be the first to be voted out of the competition but turned out to be a surprise hit of the show, remaining outside the bottom two sing-off places throughout their entire run.
The duo reached the final of the show, largely thanks to their performance of S Club 7's song "Never Had a Dream Come True" which received an enthusiastic reception from the studio audience. They eventually finished in third place; Rhydian Roberts was the runner-up and Leon Jackson was the winner.
Post "X Factor".
2008: Debut Album.
After leaving the show, Same Difference initially signed a one-single contract with Simon Cowell's label Syco. During the "X Factor Live" tour the pair confirmed that their intended debut single was a cover of "Breaking Free" from "High School Musical", which they had performed in the live shows of "The X Factor". An original B-side to the single was also planned, entitled "The Miracle". The tracks were recorded in Poland in early March 2008.
In April 2008 it was reported their original one-single deal had been replaced by a better full album deal, still with Syco, rumoured to be worth around £1 million. This was to give them the chance to work with a variety of writers and producers including Mike Stock and Pete Waterman and some of the writers behind Leona Lewis and "High School Musical".
On 19 July 2008 they headlined the "My First Festival" show at Legoland Windsor, appearing alongside Chico, Fireman Sam, Angelina Ballerina, Bob the Builder, and The Groovie Movie Band. They also performed many gigs at various places throughout 2008, mainly at Butlins, summer events and festivals and Christmas light switch-ons.
Sarah and Sean made many television appearances after leaving the show, including spots on "Blue Peter", "Basil's Swap Shop", "GMTV" and "Noel's Christmas Presents". They also made several appearances on the children's television channel Nickelodeon. On 22 November 2008 they returned to "The X Factor" as special guests and performed their debut single "We R One". On Sunday 14 December 2008 Same Difference appeared as guests on CITV kids' show "Toonattik".
Following a deal with Syco, Same Difference-themed dolls were to feature on girls' fashion website Stardoll, joining such notables as Heidi Klum, Avril Lavigne and Britney Spears.
In a newsletter sent to their fans, the duo confirmed that their debut single, "We R One", would be released on the Syco Music/Sony BMG label on 24 November 2008. It was written by J Elofsson and P Westerlund, produced, recorded and mixed by Quiz & Larossi for XL Talent, and published by Universal Music Publishing AB: Elofsongs. It was also confirmed on their official website that their album, released on 1 December 2008, would be called "Pop".
One of the new tracks recorded for the album and a potential single is a cover of the Stock Aitken Waterman-penned hit "Turn It Into Love". The song was originally recorded by Kylie Minogue for her first album and was released in Japan where it was Number 1 for 10 weeks. Hazell Dean released it in the UK in 1988, where it reached number 21. Later it was covered in Japanese by the group Wink.
Another of the new tracks recorded for their debut album, "I Need A House", was previously recorded by Swedish popstar Marie Serneholt and released as a single in 2006.
2009–11: Rest Is History & New Label.
Same Difference announced a 21-date UK tour for March and April 2009, but this was subsequently cancelled. Instead, the duo decided to co-headline a 21-date joint tour with fellow "X Factor" graduate Leon Jackson, but due to poor ticket sales half the dates of this joint tour were also cancelled. Same Difference co-headlined the joint tour at Ipswich and Birmingham. They also played a solo one-off concert in Portsmouth.
It was announced in "The Sun" on 3 April 2009 that Same Difference had been dropped by record label Syco following disappointing sales of their debut album (a month after a similar fate befell Leon Jackson). The lack of sales was partially blamed on the demise of Woolworths, a major supplier of music for younger children.
Following their departure from Syco the pair also decided to leave Modest Management, and whilst under the guidance of Jamie Wilson at Heights Management the duo signed a new management deal with Wayne Russell at Do One Music Group. It was under Russell’s management that they signed a new album deal with PopLife Records, whilst Wilson negotiated the deal and also co-organized and coordinated a 66-date UK tour of Pontins Holiday Parks. The Duo are now represented solely by Heights Management.
In December 2009 Same Difference announced on their Facebook Group the launch of their new-look website, sporting a quirky new look. The first single from their new album, "Shine On Forever (Photo Frame)", was released on 29 August 2010, with music video directed by Lauren Pushkin and produced by PMA Digital. "Shine On Forever (Photo Frame)" entered the official UK Top 100 at Number 100 on 5 September 2010. The duo released their second album, "The Rest Is History", on February 7, 2011.
On 10 September 2011, Same Difference announced on their Facebook and Twitter pages their "Same Difference Pop Academy", a course on singing and dancing for young fans. The course begins in October in Portsmouth.
In late September 2011, Same Difference submitted an entry, "Music", to the Swiss national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2012. (Although Eurovision entrants are usually from the country they represent, the rules do not actually require this, and, in particular, Switzerland has previously entered several non-Swiss acts into the competition.). The bid failed, along with a separate one from Series 2 UK X Factor contestant Maria Lawson.
2012-14: Final Years.
In Autumn 2012 the duo parted ways with PopLife Records stating their career with the label was going nowhere, they announced they had been offered other record deals but would not sign with a new label yet. On 1 September 2013, Shaun & Sarah confirmed they would no longer work as a duo and would begin solo careers stating that after two albums they felt they had left a suitable legacy and it was not worth ruining their legacy by trying to revive their success with new music. 
Television appearances.
Same Difference were invited again to "The X Factor" in 2008 to perform their debut single, "We R One". In 2009, they received a minor acting role in CBBC television sitcom "Dani's House", in which they played brother and sister "Erik and Erika", two all-time winners of game shows.
In 2009 Same Difference appeared in The DPK Gameshow.(Danny, Pearse and Kevin)
They also appeared on Celebrity Juice in 2013.
Other appearances.
Same Difference switched on the Christmas lights in 2009 in the town of Coalville, Leicestershire. They switched on the Christmas lights in Burton upon Trent in November 2010.
They also played Lilac Fairy and Prince Robin at Weston-super-Mare, in the pantomime "Sleeping Beauty" December to January 2012 – 2013.
Discography.
"'Studio albums

</doc>
<doc id="18864321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864321" title="Mican">
Mican

Mican (also, Midzhakend and Midzhan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,996. The municipality consists of the villages of Mican and Qəzli.

</doc>
<doc id="18864325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864325" title="Qaraqaya, Ismailli">
Qaraqaya, Ismailli

Qaraqaya (also, Karakaya) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 667. The municipality consists of the villages of Qaraqaya, Köhnədaxar, and Gəndov.

</doc>
<doc id="18864328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864328" title="Talıstan">
Talıstan

Talıstan (also, Talystan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,183.

</doc>
<doc id="18864333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864333" title="Mücühəftəran">
Mücühəftəran

Mücühəftəran (also, Myudzhukhefteran, Myudzhyugaftaran, and Myudzhyukhefteran) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 255. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864338" title="Zərnava">
Zərnava

Zərnava (also, Zarnova) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 872. The municipality consists of the villages of Zərnava, Aşağı Zərnav, and Müşkəmir.

</doc>
<doc id="18864340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864340" title="Ruşan">
Ruşan

Ruşan (also, Rushan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 988. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864341" title="French Without Tears (film)">
French Without Tears (film)

French Without Tears is a 1939 British comedy film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Ray Milland. It was based on the play of the same name by Terence Rattigan who also co-wrote the script.
An on-off working relationship between Asquith and Rattigan began with this film and continued over the next 15 years.
Plot.
The love affairs of three young Englishmen at a language "cramming" school in the south of France. Diana, the sister of one of the boys, arrives in town to flirt with all of her brothers' schoolmates.
Critical reception.
Sky Movies described a "sparkling version of Terence Rattigan's comedy play. The import of Ellen Drew and Ray Milland from Hollywood ensured the film's success world-wide." Writing for Allmovie, Hal Erickson wrote, "much of the wit and zest of the original stage production has been blunted for the screen, moving one critic to describe French Without Tears as "Comedy Without Laughs". In all fairness, however, the film does boast a hilarious drunk scene in a musty old French wine cellar."

</doc>
<doc id="18864342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864342" title="Leslie Falkiner">
Leslie Falkiner

Sir Leslie Edmund Percy Riggs Falkiner, 7th Baronet (1866-19 January 1917) was an English baronet.
He was born in 1866, the eldest son of Sir Samuel Edmund Falkiner, 6th Baronet, and educated at Marlborough College and in HMS "Worcester". He succeeded his father to the baronetcy in 1893, and married twice - once in 1894 and again in 1902.
On his own death the title passed to his eldest son, Sir Terence Edmond Patrick Falkiner, 8th Baronet, who was aged just 13 at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="18864343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864343" title="Vəng, Ismailli">
Vəng, Ismailli

Vəng (also, Bank, Vank, and Vank Pervyy) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 400.

</doc>
<doc id="18864351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864351" title="Vəng">
Vəng

Vəng may refer to:
Veng may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18864357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864357" title="Köhnədaxar">
Köhnədaxar

Köhnədaxar (also, Köhnədəhar, Këgnadakhar and Kekhna-Dakhar) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qaraqaya.

</doc>
<doc id="18864359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864359" title="Gəndov, Ismailli">
Gəndov, Ismailli

Gəndov (also, Cəndov, Gendob, Gyandov, and Gyandova) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qaraqaya.

</doc>
<doc id="18864364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864364" title="Qalıncaq">
Qalıncaq

Qalıncaq (also, Kalynchakh, Kalyndzha, and Kalyndzhak) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,691. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864365" title="Canon EOS Rebel XS">
Canon EOS Rebel XS

Canon EOS Rebel XS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18864366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864366" title="Namazgah">
Namazgah

Namazgah (also, Namazgah, Namazgi, and Namazgyakh) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Turkey. The village forms part of the municipality of Ərəkit.

</doc>
<doc id="18864370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864370" title="Qərchə">
Qərchə

Qərchə (also, Garcha, Karcha, and Kerche) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18864385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864385" title="João Barbosa">
João Barbosa

João Barbosa (born March 11, 1975 in Porto, Portugal) is a Portuguese auto racing driver. He currently competes in the United SportsCar Championship for Action Express Racing alongside Christian Fittipaldi. Barbosa won the 2010 and 2014 24 Hours of Daytona.
He began racing in karts and was the Portuguese kart racing champion for the 1988 and 1989 seasons. In 1994 he won the Portuguese Formula Ford championship; in 1995 he won the Italian Formula Alfa Boxster championship. and later drove in the Atlantic Championship.
Barbosa joined Level 5 Motorsports in 2011 for its Intercontinental Le Mans Cup program, which included a LMP2 class win at the 2011 Petit Le Mans and third place finishes at the 2011 Le Mans 24 Hours and 2011 Six Hours of Imola. Barbosa will return to Level 5 Motorsports for select American Le Mans Series rounds in 2012, alongside a full-season Rolex Sports Car Series campaign with Action Express Racing.

</doc>
<doc id="18864388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864388" title="Egidijus Kavaliauskas">
Egidijus Kavaliauskas

Egidijus Kavaliauskas (born June 29, 1988 in Kaunas, Lithuania) is an undefeated Lithuanian professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division. Kavaliauskas represented Lithuania at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics Games. Egidijus is trained by former IBF World Champion boxer Roberto García.

</doc>
<doc id="18864393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864393" title="Elotuzumab">
Elotuzumab

Elotuzumab (also known as HuLuc63) is a humanized monoclonal antibody which is presently under phase III clinical investigation in relapsed multiple myeloma.

</doc>
<doc id="18864398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864398" title="Excelsior Brigade">
Excelsior Brigade

Organization and early battles.
The four regiments raised by Sickles that comprised the first Excelsior Brigade were the 70th, 72nd, 73rd, and 74th New York Infantry.
In October 1861, the 71st New York, along with the 70th through the 74th Regiments and 10 Companies of the 3rd Indiana Cavalry, formed the Second Excelsior Brigade under General Sickles. The brigade was placed under the overall divisional command of Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker in October. Its initial tasks included assisting in the building of defenses around Washington and stopping resupply of the Confederates from Southern Maryland.
In March 1862, Sickles was forced to relinquish command when Congress refused to confirm his commission, but he worked diligently to lobby among his Washington political contacts and reclaimed both his rank and his command on May 24, 1862, in time to rejoin the Army in the Peninsula Campaign. Because of this interruption, he missed his brigade's significant actions at the Battle of Williamsburg. Sickles was back in charge in time for the Battle of Seven Pines and the Seven Days Battles.
On the morning of June 25 at the Battle of Oak Grove, Sickles's New Yorkers encountered difficulties moving through their abatis, then through the upper portions of an impeding swamp, and finally met stiff Confederate resistance, all of which threw the Federal line out of alignment.
Sickles was again absent for the Second Battle of Bull Run, having used his political influences to obtain leave to go to New York City to recruit new troops. Col. Nelson Taylor instead led the brigade.
The Excelsior Brigade, still under Colonel Taylor as Sickles had been promoted to divisional command, missed the Battle of Antietam in September because the III Corps was stationed on the lower Potomac River, protecting the capital.
The brigade's strength had been augmented by the addition of the 120th New York. In the Battle of Fredericksburg, the Excelsiors were led by Col. George B. Hall.
Brig. Gen. Joseph W. Revere commanded the Excelsior Brigade during the Battle of Chancellorsville in early May 1863. With the rest of Hooker's old division, it was held in reserve in some woods near the Chancellor House, guarding a road that led to the important United States ford over the Rappahannock River.
The Gettysburg Campaign.
Following the Battle of Chancellorsville, Col. William R. Brewster of the 73rd New York assumed command of the Excelsior Brigade, which was then in the division of Brig. Gen Andrew A. Humphreys. Brewster led the brigade during the Gettysburg Campaign in June and July 1863. On July 2, the brigade was advanced to an area near the Peach Orchard. It was flanked out of that position by the Confederate division of Maj. Gen. Lafayette McLaws. The remains of the brigade took part in a counterattack late in the afternoon that recaptured some abandoned Union guns. Brewster reported that the brigade lost 778 of 1,837 engaged.
Brewster fell ill after the battle, and Brig. Gen. Francis Barretto Spinola assumed command during the pursuit of the Confederate army into Virginia. Spinola's brigade led the Union troops on July 23 at the Battle of Wapping Heights near Warrenton, Virginia, suffering 18 men killed, including two officers. Spinola was badly wounded in the fighting, along with dozens of his men.
Col. J. Egbert Farnum of the 70th New York then commanded the brigade until Brewster returned to active duty for the autumn campaigns of 1863. Brewster inspired his men by rising from his “sick bed” to lead the Excelsiors in the Mine Run Campaign.
1864 and the end of the brigade.
When the Army of the Potomac was reorganized in the spring of 1864 for the Overland Campaign of Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant, Brewster retained brigade command. The Excelsior Brigade, augmented with two additional regiments, served in the Battle of the Wilderness in the Fourth Division, II Corps under Brig. Gen. Gershom Mott. When the remnants of the division became part of the Third Division of Maj. Gen. David B. Birney during the Battle of Spotsylvania, Brewster’s brigade became the division’s Fourth Brigade. He led these men at the Battle of Cold Harbor and in the initial operations of the Siege of Petersburg. Then the brigade was abolished. Most of the Excelsiors were moved to the First Brigade, Third Division.
The individual regiments mustered out of the army during the summer of 1864, and the men returned home to New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18864399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864399" title="William Hespeler">
William Hespeler

William Hespeler (December 29, 1830 – April 18, 1921) was a German - Canadian businessman and immigration agent and a member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba. He served as Speaker of the Legislature and as honorary consul of Germany to Winnipeg and the Northwest Territories. He was awarded the Order of the Red Eagle for his services to Germany.
Born as Wilhelm Hespeler in Baden-Baden, Grand Duchy of Baden, the son of Georg Johann and Anna Barbara (Wick) Hespeler, Hespeler was educated at the Polytechnic Institute at Karlsruhe. He left school at the age of nineteen and emigrated to Canada with his mother in 1850 (his father having died in 1840). He worked for his older brother Jacob Hespeler before becoming a partner in the firm of Hespeler and Randall, which ran both a distillery (which later became Seagram's) and a grain mill. He married a Canadian woman and became a naturalized British subject at some time before 1867, adopting the first name of "William". In 1870 he returned to Baden-Baden, serving briefly as a stretcher-bearer during the Franco-Prussian War before being hired by the Government of Canada as an immigration agent in 1871. While he was in Baden he heard that a number of Mennonite families in Russia were intending to immigrate to the United States. He reported back to his superiors in Canada, who sent him to Russia to persuade the Mennonites to choose Canada instead. Despite considerable opposition both from British and Russian authorities, he was able to arrange for thousands of Mennonites to immigrate. Most settled in the area around Winnipeg.
Impressed with his success, the Minister of Agriculture, John Henry Pope, appointed him Dominion Immigration and Agriculture Agent for Manitoba and the Northwest Territories. Hespeler moved to Winnipeg, residing in the suburb of Fort Rouge for the rest of his life. He arranged for further Mennonite immigration and also encouraged Icelandic immigrants and Jewish refugees from Germany and elsewhere to settle in Manitoba. During this time he combined his work for the government with his private business of grain merchant, but he also worked to ensure the welfare of new immigrants through the provision of emergency supplies and temporary shelter. He planned the town of Niverville, Manitoba and (with his son) erected the first grain elevator on the Canadian Prairies.
In 1876 Hespeler was elected alderman for Winnipeg's South Ward and was appointed a Justice of the Peace and a member of the Council of Keewatin. In 1882 the German government appointed him honorary consul for Winnipeg and the Northwest Territories; in 1903 he was awarded the Order of the Red Eagle in thanks for twenty years of service to the German Empire.
Hespeler was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in the 1899 general election as an independent for the rural riding of Rosenfeld. On March 29, 1900 he was elected Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, one of the first men not born a British subject to be appointed to this level of government in the British Empire. Despite his conservative leanings he did not support the government of Conservative premier Hugh John Macdonald. Redistribution eliminated the riding of Rosenfeld in 1903 and Hespeler chose not to run again. His retirement was marred during World War I by hostility from residents of Winnipeg arising from his German connections; he was opposed for attempting to assist German immigrants who had lost their jobs due to anti-German sentiment. After the war he found himself forgotten by the city and the province he had helped to populate.
Hespeler was married three times. After the death of his third wife in 1920, Hespeler moved to Vancouver to live with his son Alfred. He died the next year at the age of 90. Hespeler Avenue in Winnipeg's East Kildonan ward was named for William Hespeler. Hespeler Road in Steinbach, Manitoba and Rural Municipality of Hanover and Hespeler Park in Niverville are also named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18864430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864430" title="Stephen Strasburg">
Stephen Strasburg

Stephen James Strasburg (; born July 20, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball (MLB). Strasburg was selected by Washington with the first pick in the 2009 MLB Draft, and he made his MLB debut with the Nationals in 2010.
A talented but unpolished high school baseball player at West Hills High School, Strasburg played college baseball for the San Diego State Aztecs. There, he became one of the best collegiate pitchers in the country. He pitched for the United States national baseball team at the 2008 Summer Olympics, winning the bronze medal. Two years later, Strasburg was called the "most-hyped pick in draft history" by ESPN and the "most hyped and closely watched pitching prospect in the history of baseball" by "Sports Illustrated". Strasburg's major league debut on June 8, 2010, produced a franchise-record 14 strikeouts.
Several months into his major league career, Strasburg tore a ligament in his pitching elbow. The injury required Tommy John surgery and a year of rehabilitation. He rejoined the Nationals on September 6, 2011, but was only able to pitch 24 innings that year. His 2012 season marked a successful return to form; Strasburg was selected to play in the 2012 MLB All-Star Game. Strasburg pitches an average fastball of 95 mph.
Amateur career.
High school.
Strasburg attended West Hills High School in Santee, California. At first, he struggled on the school's baseball team, posting a 1–10 win–loss record in his junior year. A twelve-strikeout game against El Capitan High School in his senior year, in which Strasburg allowed one hit, drew attention from scouts. He finished his senior year with a 1.68 earned run average (ERA) and 74 strikeouts in innings pitched, with seven complete games. He finished with three varsity letters, set school records in ERA and shutouts, and was named his school's 2006 Scholar-Athlete of the Year. He was also named second-team all-league and his team's MVP. Despite these achievements, he was not selected in that year's Major League Baseball Draft.
College.
Strasburg had hoped to attend Stanford University but was not accepted there. Although recruited by a number of schools across the country, he enrolled at San Diego State University, where both of his parents attended school. He played college baseball for the San Diego State Aztecs, coached by Baseball Hall of Fame inductee Tony Gwynn. When he first arrived, he was an unlikely candidate to pitch collegiate baseball at all; he was so overweight and out of shape that his conditioning coach nicknamed him "Slothburg" and encouraged him to quit baseball. He also had a difficult time adjusting to college life, moving out of his dormitory and in with his mother after five days. He acknowledged, "I wasn't the most mature guy out of high school. ... The dorm was an overload, too much, too soon." Strasburg responded with an intense workout regimen, losing in the process. He also worked to improve his mental toughness. Coaches tested him by placing him in high-pressure situations and telling him he needed to get strikeouts.
San Diego State used Strasburg as a relief pitcher in his freshman year; he began the season pitching in middle relief, before becoming the Aztecs' closer. He held opponents to a .141 batting average against and was named Co-Freshman of the Year for the Mountain West Conference. In the summer of 2007, Strasburg also played for the Torrington Twisters of the collegiate summer baseball New England Collegiate Baseball League (NECBL). He was named to the NECBL First Team as a closer, and was also chosen as the Top Pro Prospect and Top Relief Pitcher in the NECBL.
In 2008, as a sophomore, Strasburg was converted to a full-time starting pitcher. He went 8–3 with a 1.58 ERA and 134 strikeouts in 98⅓ innings. Four of his thirteen starts in 2008 were complete games, two of which were shutouts. On April 11 of that year, he struck out a Mountain West Conference record 23 batters in a game versus the University of Utah. He also gained eight miles per hour on his fastball, regularly working in the upper 90s and touching 100 mph.
Strasburg finished his junior year, the 2009 season, 13–1 with a 1.32 ERA, 59 hits allowed, 16 earned runs, 19 walks, and 195 strikeouts in 109 innings pitched. In his final home start on May 8, 2009, Strasburg threw his first career no-hitter while striking out 17 Air Force Falcons batters. His lone loss came against the Virginia Cavaliers in the NCAA Regionals as Virginia advanced toward the College World Series, but he still struck out 15 in seven innings during the loss.
International play.
Strasburg was named to the United States national baseball team on June 24, 2008. In that role he appeared in the 2008 World University Baseball Championship, held in late July. The United States won the gold medal in the competition.
Strasburg was the lone collegiate player selected for the United States national team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. In his first start at the Olympics, Strasburg one-hit the Netherlands over seven innings, striking out five of the first six batters he faced and 11 overall. The lone hit Strasburg allowed was a seventh-inning single to Sharnol Adriana.
With the United States having already secured a spot in the semifinals medal round, manager Davey Johnson held Strasburg from what would have been his second start on August 20 in order to pitch him in the first round of the semifinals against Norge Luis Vera of the Cuban national baseball team, on August 22. Vera outdueled Strasburg with six innings pitched and only two runs, one earned. Strasburg, meanwhile, lasted only four innings while giving up three runs, two earned. Cuba won the game 10–2.
Strasburg ended up with a 1–1 record, a 1.67 ERA, and a bronze medal for the Olympics, as the United States won its following contest against Japan 8–4.
Professional career.
Draft.
On June 9, 2009, Strasburg was drafted number one overall in the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft by the Washington Nationals. On August 17, 2009, he signed a record-breaking four-year, $15.1 million contract with the Nationals, just 77 seconds before the deadline, shattering a dollar-amount record previously held by Mark Prior, who signed for $10.5 million in 2001. Strasburg is represented by agent Scott Boras.
Minor leagues.
Strasburg made his professional debut on October 16, 2009, starting for the Phoenix Desert Dogs in the Arizona Fall League at Phoenix Municipal Stadium. He was selected to play in the league's Rising Stars Showcase, but was unable to participate due to a minor neck injury. He also won Pitcher of the Week honors for the week of November 2, 2009 and led the AFL with four wins. Before the 2010 season started, "Baseball America" named Strasburg as the top pitching prospect, and the second-best overall prospect behind Jason Heyward.
Strasburg was assigned to the Harrisburg Senators of the Class AA Eastern League for the start of the 2010 season. There was so much anticipation and hype surrounding Strasburg that there were about 70 credentialed media members in attendance at his April 11, 2010 debut, and ESPN nationally broadcast portions of the game. He won his Senators debut against the Altoona Curve, allowing four hits and four runs (one earned), while striking out eight batters in five innings. During his first home start on April 16, he yielded two hits and an unearned run with three strikeouts in 2⅓ innings in a loss to the New Britain Rock Cats, one where his innings were limited due to a rain delay. Harrisburg set an attendance record in Strasburg's home debut with 7,895 fans. He completed his Class AA stint with a 1.64 ERA while striking out 27 and walking six in 22 innings.
On May 4, 2010, he was promoted to the Syracuse Chiefs of the Class AAA International League. In his first game with the Chiefs, he pitched six scoreless innings, striking out six batters while allowing one hit and one walk. That game drew 13,766 fans—the highest attendance in the 135-year history of baseball in Syracuse. In his second start, Strasburg was removed after pitching six no-hit innings. He finished his minor league stint with an overall record of 7–2, an ERA of 1.30, 65 strikeouts and 13 walks in 55⅓ innings, and a walks plus hits per inning pitched (WHIP) ratio of 0.80.
Washington Nationals.
Debut.
Strasburg made his major-league debut on June 8, 2010, against the Pittsburgh Pirates. A "Sports Illustrated" columnist termed it "the most hyped pitching debut the game has ever seen." Strasburg picked up the win in his debut, pitching seven innings, allowing two earned runs and no walks and 14 strikeouts, setting a new team strikeout record. Also, he was the first pitcher in history to strike out at least eleven batters without issuing any walks in his pro debut, while falling just one strikeout short of the all-time record for a pitcher's debut—Karl Spooner (1954) and J. R. Richard (1971) both struck out 15, but each took nine innings to do it, and each walked three. (Bob Feller also struck out 15 in his first start, although it wasn't his big league debut). He struck out every batter in the Pirates' lineup at least once and struck out the last seven batters he faced—also a Nationals record. He threw 34 of his 94 pitches at or faster, including two that reached .
In Strasburg's second and third major league starts he struck out another eight and ten batters, respectively, setting a major league record for the most strikeouts in a pitcher's first three starts with 32. The previous record holder had been Richard, who struck out 29 in his first three starts in 1971.
Strasburg was also featured in the cover story of "Sports Illustrated" following his second start. His #37 jersey was the top-selling jersey in all of baseball for the month of June and became the best-selling Nationals jersey of all time in that span.
Injuries and rehab.
Strasburg was placed on the disabled list with an inflamed right shoulder in July 2010. He returned to action on August 10, but in his third game back, on August 21, he was removed with an apparent injury. On August 27, the Nationals announced that Strasburg had a torn ulnar collateral ligament, requiring Tommy John surgery, and about 12 to 18 months of rehabilitation.
In the 2010 season Strasburg pitched in 12 games, all starts, throwing 68 innings, 92 strikeouts and compiling a 2.91 ERA. He was named a pitcher on the 2010 Topps Major League Rookie All-Star Team.
Strasburg made his first rehab start on August 7, 2011 for the Hagerstown Suns. Strasburg made six rehab starts during the 2011 minor league season throwing a total of 20⅓ innings, with 29 strikeouts, compiling a 3.49 ERA and a 1–1 record. He then made 5 starts during the 2011 major league season, his first coming against the Los Angeles Dodgers on September 6. That year he threw for 24 innings, struck out 24, compiled a 1.50 ERA and a 1–1 record.
2012 season.
In April 2012, Strasburg accumulated an NL-best 34 strikeouts and second-best 1.13 ERA. He totaled 6 walks and did not give up a home run. Consequently he was named NL Pitcher of the Month. On May 20, Strasburg went 2-for-2 as a hitter in a game against the Baltimore Orioles and hit his first career home run, a solo shot off of Wei-Yin Chen.
In his June 13 start against the Toronto Blue Jays, Strasburg became the first pitcher of the year to strike out 100 batters. On July 1, Strasburg was elected to his first All-Star Game, alongside teammates Gio Gonzalez, Ian Desmond, and Bryce Harper. Strasburg ended the season 15–6 with a 3.16 ERA, 1.15 WHIP and 197 strikeouts in 159⅓ innings pitched.
Strasburg hit .277 with a home run, 7 RBI, and three walks, earning him a Silver Slugger Award.
Innings limit and shutdown.
As part of Strasburg's rehabilitation from his Tommy John surgery, and as a precaution due to his low innings total in 2011, the Nationals decided to limit the number of innings Strasburg would throw in the 2012 season. Although the number was never official, rumors started that Strasburg's limit would be between 160 and 180 innings. It was also decided that Strasburg's shutdown would be final; he would not pitch in the playoffs. Dr. Lewis Yocum, the surgeon who operated on Strasburg's elbow, agreed in 2011 that Strasburg's 2012 innings total should be limited, although he did not consult with Nationals General Manager Mike Rizzo or Strasburg during the season. Teammate Jordan Zimmermann underwent a similar process the year before.
Strasburg's high profile and the success of the Nationals in the 2012 season made the innings limit a topic of national conversation. In addition to baseball writers, a number of other figures made their views on the topic known, including football broadcasters Troy Aikman and Terry Bradshaw, basketball reporter Stephen A. Smith, and even prominent politicians such as Rudy Giuliani and Mitch McConnell. Rizzo defended the decision to shut down Strasburg and criticized the buzz surrounding it: "It's a good conversational piece, it's a good debatable subject. But most of the people that have weighed in on this know probably 10 percent of the information that we know, and that we've made our opinion based upon."
The Nationals announced that Strasburg would be scheduled to make his final start on September 12 and would be replaced by John Lannan in the Nationals' starting rotation. However, after a rough outing on September 8, Davey Johnson announced that Strasburg was finished for the 2012 season. Strasburg spent the postseason on the physically unable to perform list as the Nationals lost the 2012 NLDS to the St. Louis Cardinals.
2013 season.
Strasburg pitched Opening Day for the Nationals at Nationals Park in Washington, D.C., on April 1, 2013. He went seven innings, giving up no runs and three hits and recording three strikeouts. Following the first batter of the game, Juan Pierre, he retired nineteen straight batters. Strasburg earned the decision, a win with a final score of 2–0.
Strasburg served a brief stint on the disabled list with a mild lateral strain in June and was re-activated on June 16.
Strasburg achieved milestones in longevity in 2013. He pitched into the 8th inning for the first time in his big-league career on May 16, in a win against his hometown San Diego Padres, and in subsequent starts on May 26 and July 24. On August 11, 2013, Strasburg pitched his first career complete game winning, 6–0 over the Philadelphia Phillies.
He was ejected for the first time in his MLB career on August 17, 2013 by umpire Marvin Hudson for intentionally pitching at Braves batter Andrelton Simmons in the second inning of a Nationals-Braves game. Prior to the ejection, Hudson warned both teams after Strasburg hit Justin Upton with a first-pitch fastball following a Braves home run.
Pitching style.
Pitch repertoire and approach.
Strasburg's repertoire features four pitches: a four-seam fastball, his primary pitch at which tops out at 100 mph; a two-seam fastball at ; a curveball that Strasburg himself refers to as a slurve at ; and a changeup at . Strasburg throws a mix of all four pitches to left-handed hitters, but he mostly eliminates the changeup when facing right-handed hitters. He is liable to throw his four-seamer or slurve to right-handers with 2 strikes, and adds the changeup in those counts against lefties.
His velocity was not significantly affected by his Tommy John surgery in 2010. He had the fastest four-seam fastball among starting pitchers in the 2012 season, averaging .
Strasburg has a high strikeout rate of 11.2 per 9 innings through his first 251⅓ MLB innings. This corresponds with high swing-and-miss rates across all of his pitches, including 54% on his changeup—the highest whiff rate among all starting pitchers' changeups since PITCHf/x began tracking pitches. Through the 2012 season, Strasburg's career strikeout-to-walk ratio of 4.67 would rank second all-time if he had enough innings to qualify. Strasburg maintains that his high strikeout rate is not intentional, and in fact is a hindrance to maintaining low pitch counts.
Mechanics.
Strasburg's pitching mechanics have drawn concern over the years from scouts and coaches. The sequence of Strasburg's delivery places a great deal of stress on his arm, placing him at greater risk of elbow and shoulder injuries. Indeed, "several pitching coaches quietly predicted Strasburg was at risk" before the rupture of his elbow ligament. Independent scout Paul Reddick compared his mechanics unfavorably with those of pitching legend Greg Maddux, saying Strasburg's motion is inefficient and badly synchronized.
Personal life.
Strasburg was born in San Diego, California, the son of Kathleen Swett, a dietitian, and Jim Strasburg, a real estate developer. He credits his maternal grandmother with helping him develop his baseball skills as a child. She would frequently play catch and even work on pitching with him. He labels her as one of his biggest inspirations. He was married on January 9, 2010, to Rachel Lackey, whom he had met while they were students at San Diego State.

</doc>
<doc id="18864432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864432" title="Henry James Johnson">
Henry James Johnson

Henry James "Jim" Johnson OBE, TD (1924–2008) was a Colonel in the British Army. He commanded the 21 SAS (TA), after which he led Britain's clandestine war against Egyptian forces in Yemen during the mid-1960s. After that he set up Britain's first post-war private military company.
Early life.
Johnson was born 21 December 1924 then educated at Westminster School and was there at the same time as Tony Benn.
Military career.
He joined the British Army and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Welsh Guards on 21 November 1943.
Johnson relinquished his military commission on 8 June 1948 to join the Territorial Army SAS as a trooper. He was then promoted back to lieutenant on 19 October 1948, with seniority from 21 December 1947. He was made an acting captain on 1 June 1950, which was confirmed on 21 December 1951, with seniority from 1 June 1950. He was made an acting major on 15 March 1953, and reverted to the rank of captain on 15 June 1954. He then received a series of promotions, which eventually led to the rank of Colonel. He was appointed as Aide-de-Camp to Queen Elizabeth II on 18 October 1969, which he held until 18 October 1974.
Johnson died 20 July 2008.
Awards and decorations.
Johnson was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire on for his services to the TA.

</doc>
<doc id="18864435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864435" title="Ou Chin-der">
Ou Chin-der

Ou Chin-der (traditional Chinese: 歐晉德; pinyin: "Ōujìndé"; born November 19, 1944) is a Taiwanese civil engineer. Ou was an immigrant who moved from the mainland China to the Taitung County of eastern Taiwan with his parents. He graduated and received his master's degree of civil engineering from National Cheng Kung University, and took a doctoral degree in Soil Mechanics at Case Western Reserve University.
Ou became an official of the government of Republic of China, Taiwan in the late 1980s. He served as the director of Taiwan's National Expressway Engineering Bureau from 1990–1995, and the chairman of Public Construction Commission of Executive Yuan, the central government of Taiwan, from 1996 to 1998. Ou took part in several key public projects, such as the Sun Yat-sen Freeway, the No. 2 Northern Freeway and the Taipei-Yilan Freeway.
Later Ou transited to act as the political deputy mayor of Taipei City between 1998 and 2004. He gained public recognition and wide popularity for his effort during the 1999 Chichi earthquake and SARS outbreak, and has since became the leading expert of crisis management in Taiwan.
Ou left his post as the deputy mayor of Taipei on August, 2004 and became the chairman of Taipei City Government owned Taipei Smart Card Corporation, a company which operates the EasyCard contactless smartcard system for use on the Taipei MRT. During his term, Ou successfully pushed the sales of EasyCard over 6 million in just a few years.
Due to his civil engineering background and political prestige, Ou became chief executive officer of Taiwan High Speed Rail Corporation, (THSRC), a private company which holds and manages the Taiwan High Speed Rail, the high-speed rail system of Taiwan, and its related services, on October 1, 2006, just a few months before operation began on January 5, 2007.
Although Ou left his public post to work in the private sector in 2004, he still has been widely anticipated as a potential candidate in several key elections and official posts, including the 2006 Taipei Mayoral Elections and the ROC presidential election of 2008, though Ou has expressed interest in the continued development of Taiwan High Speed Rail instead of returning to politics.
Ou became the chairman of the board of THSRC on September 22, 2009 while still holding the position of chief executive officer, following the takeover of the company's board by the Taiwanese government. Taiwan High Speed Rail is expected to achieved break-even cash flows for the first time in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18864448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864448" title="HMS Medway (1755)">
HMS Medway (1755)

HMS "Medway" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Deptford Dockyard to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment, and launched on 14 February 1755.
In 1787 "Medway" was converted to serve as a receiving ship, and remained in this role until 1811, when she was broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18864451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864451" title="Pratinha">
Pratinha

Pratinha is a Brazilian municipality located in the west of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 3,236 people living in a total area of 619 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Triângulo Mineiro and Alto Paranaíba and to the micro-region of Araxá. It became a municipality in 1949. 
Location.
Pratinha is located at an elevation of 1,162 (city center) meters, east of Uberaba. Neighboring municipalities are: Ibiá (N), Campos Altos (E), Medeiros (SE), Tapira (SW), Araxá (W). 
Communications and Distances.
Pratinha is connected to both Araxá and Uberlândia by national highway BR-462, which lies 19 km. on MG-796 to the north. The distance to Araxá is 78 kilometers; Campos Altos is 29 km to the northeast; Medeiros is 27 km to the southeast; Uberaba is 200 km. to the west; The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 350 km.
Climate.
Pratinha is one of the highest municipalities in Brazil. The climate is predominately tropical with rains in the summer and dry winters. The average annual rainfall is 1,574.7mm. The average annual temperature is 20.4°C, with an average maximum of 26.5°C and an average minimum of 15.7°C.
Economic activities.
The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$33 million, with 1 million reais from taxes, 10 million reais from services, 1 million reais from industry, and 20 million reais from agriculture. There were 554 rural producers on 44,000 hectares of land. The high elevation means the land is suitable for coffee growing. 117 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 1,400 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops are coffee, rice, soybeans, beans, and corn. There were 22,000 head of cattle (2006), most of which were raised for milk and cheese production. 
There were no banks (2007) and 551 automobiles (2007), giving a ratio of 6 inhabitants per automobile. 
Health and education.
In the health sector there was 1 public health clinic (2005). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Araxá or to Uberlândia, which are connected by good roads. Educational needs were met by 3 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 1 pre-primary school. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$246.00 was just below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18864452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864452" title="Manuel Achille Baudouin">
Manuel Achille Baudouin

Manuel Achille Baudouin (1846 – 24 January 1917) was a French judge.
He was appointed Advocate-General at Lyons in 1880, Procurator-General at Limoges in 1885, and in 1890 Advocate-General of the Court of Cassation in Paris.
In 1893 he was appointed President of the Civil Tribunal in this court, and was Procurator-General during the 1899 reopening of the Dreyfus case. In 1913, he was appointed Chief President of the Court of Cassation, a post he held until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18864454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864454" title="HD 155035">
HD 155035

HD 155035 is the Henry Draper Catalogue designation for a star in the constellation Ara, the Altar. It is located at a distance of approximately from Earth and has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.92, making it is faintly visible to the naked eye. This is a red giant star with a stellar classification of M1.5 III. It an irregular variable that changes brightness over an amplitude range of 0.12 magnitudes.

</doc>
<doc id="18864457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864457" title="Württemberg Hz">
Württemberg Hz

The Württemberg Hz were 0-10-0 rack and adhesion steam locomotives, that were initially developed by the Royal Württemberg State Railways ("Königlich Württembergische Staats-Eisenbahnen"), but were delivered to the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG) in the mid-1920s.
Design.
The locomotives had a "Winterthur" cogwheel drive with one lower and one upper pair of cylinders. On the level, they ran like normal steam locomotives using the lower, higher pressure, pair of cylinders driving on the third coupled axle. Before entering the rack section the upper drive was started using live steam. At the same time the r.p.m. was matched to the running speed so that entry into the rack section could be achieved smoothly. Once the cogwheel had engaged the rack, the exhaust from the lower cylinders was routed to the upper, lower pressure, ones using a change valve and was expelled from the chimney. The locomotive now worked as a compound.
The cylinders of the adhesion and cogwheel drives have the same diameters (Ø 560 mm). The difference in volume (after expulsion from the adhesion system, the steam doubles its volume) is compensated for because the cogwheel drive turns twice as fast. The driving cogwheel is housed in a special frame, that lies above the second and third axle. The higher cogwheel drive and the lower cogwheel are coupled via an intermediate gear with a transmission ratio of 1:2.43.
The boilers were given steel fireboxes and the frame was reinforced, especially in the area of the drive. The outermost axles, which had side play, were given return springs to minimise hunting.
Operations.
The DRG organised these tank locomotives into Class 97.5 in their numbering plan. They were employed on the 1-in-10 Honau-Lichtenstein rack railway, 2.2 km long, which employed a "Riggenbach-Klose" rack system. Apart from 97 503, which was destroyed during the Second World War, remained there until their retirement in 1961. Number 97 502 returned to its producer, the "Maschinenfabrik Esslingen" (now owned by "Daimler-Benz") at Esslingen am Neckar and was set up as a monument there, before being moved to Bochum-Dahlhausen Railway Museum.
From 1952 locomotives 97 502 and 504 were modernised in the "Maschinenfabrik Esslingen" in order to raise their running speed in both adhesion and cogwheel working.
To increase their radius of action numbers 97 501, 502 and 504, the coal tank capacity was increased by 1 tonne.
Preserved.
Of the four machines built, three have been preserved:

</doc>
<doc id="18864464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864464" title="Merensky">
Merensky

Merensky may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18864480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864480" title="Michael Eichberger">
Michael Eichberger

Michael Eichberger (born 23 June 1953) is a German law scientist and a judge at the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany.
Life.
Eichberger was born in Würzburg on 23 June 1953. Following his first state exam in law 1979 in Mannheim and his second one in 1981 in Baden-Württemberg he was a research assistant at the University of Mainz until 1984. Afterwards he did his doctoral dissertation there in 1985. Between 1984 and 1986 he was a judge at the administrative court in Karlsruhe. Later, from 1986 until 1989, he worked at the Justice Ministry of Baden-Württemberg. After that he worked at the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany as a research assistant until 1991. Since 1992 he was a judge at administrative court in Karlsruhe again and in 1993 he was delegated as a judge to the Higher Administrative Court of Baden-Württemberg in Mannheim, where he stayed until 1998. Since 1998/99 he was a docent at the University of Tübingen. Between 1998 and 2006 he was a judge at the Federal Administrative Court of Germany in Leipzig as well. 2004 he became an honorary professor at the University of Tübingen. In April 2006 he was appointed as a judge at the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18864490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864490" title="Olympics on United States television">
Olympics on United States television

The Olympic Games (Summer and Winter) have been televised in the United States since 1960. It has become one of the most popular programs on USA television every four and then two years.
History.
1960s.
The first telecast of the Olympics on American TV was from the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley, California. It was shown on CBS. During the games, officials asked Tony Verna, one of the members of the production staff, if it could use its videotape equipment to determine whether or not a slalom skier missed a gate. Verna then returned to CBS headquarters in New York City and developed the first instant replay system, which debuted at the Army–Navy football game in 1963.
Later that year, CBS showed the 1960 Summer Olympics from Rome. The network showed about 20 hours of coverage of track and field, swimming, and other sports. Because communications satellites, which would have provided direct transmissions between the United States and Italy, were not yet available, production staff members flew footage from Rome to CBS headquarters in New York for later telecast. Jim McKay, then a relatively unknown radio and TV personality, was the host.
In 1964, a different network showed the Winter Games: ABC. Roone Arledge won broadcast rights for his network and began a relationship with the Olympics that would last over two decades. The program used many of the same production staff from "ABC's Wide World of Sports", as well as the same host, McKay, who moved to ABC in 1961. The following October, NBC showed the 1964 Summer Olympics from Tokyo, marking its Olympic TV debut. This time, NBC used the Syncom 3 satellite for direct broadcasts, with the opening ceremonies being broadcast live and in color (the first live color television program ever transmitted by satellite from overseas to the United States; the opening and closing ceremonies were the only portions of NBC's 1964 coverage from Tokyo seen in color). In 1968, ABC showed both the Winter Games and the Summer Games; both of which were (with the exception of a handful of events) broadcast in color.
1970s.
In 1972, NBC showed the Winter Games from Sapporo, Japan, then ABC returned to carry the Summer Games in Munich, Germany. It was during the Summer Games that terrorists attacked the Olympic Village and killed 11 Israeli athletes. Although Chris Schenkel was the actual host of the Games that year, Arledge assigned the story to McKay largely because he was a local news anchor in Baltimore, Maryland prior to joining CBS (and later ABC). McKay was joined on set by ABC news correspondent (and former and future evening news anchor) Peter Jennings, and coverage continued for many hours until the outcome was known. McKay later won an Emmy Award for his coverage.
By the time the 1976 edition came around, McKay was now installed at the host, a role he would play throughout the 1970s and '80s.
1980s.
ABC aired the 1980 Winter Olympics, both the 1984 Winter and Summer Games, and the 1988 Winter Olympics. After that, the network, at the insistence of new owner Capital Cities Communications (much to the chagrin of Roone Arledge's successor at ABC Sports, Dennis Swanson), opted not to bid for the rights to show any future Games.
NBC had won the U.S. broadcast rights for the 1980 Summer Olympics, but when the United States Olympic Committee kept U.S. athletes home to honor the boycott announced by President Jimmy Carter, the telecasts were canceled. In the end, what had been 150 hours of scheduled coverage, shrunk to practically nothing. Highlights were fed to local NBC stations for use on local newscasts. Many affiliates however, refused to show the Olympic highlights on their local news. They also refused to clear airtime for what little coverage NBC did present.
NBC then bid for, and won, the rights to show the 1988 Summer Olympics. Network officials convinced the organizers in Seoul to stage most of its gold-medal finals in the afternoon, which is primetime of the previous night in the U.S. Bryant Gumbel was the host that year.
1990s.
Just as his mentor Roone Arledge had before, Dick Ebersol, who took over NBC Sports in 1989, decided to make the Olympics a staple of his network's sports television schedule. NBC continued its Summer Games coverage into the decade, with both the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona and the 1996 Summer Games in Atlanta. And as with Arledge, Ebersol had to deal with breaking news during the Games. During the Centennial Olympic Park bombing in 1996, NBC suspended its coverage of a volleyball game and broadcast the news for several hours commercial-free. Bob Costas made his debut as primetime host in 1992. Costas had previously hosted the late night coverage in Seoul.
As for the Winter Games, CBS had a similar sweep of coverage in the U.S. during the decade; it showed all three contests (1992, 1994, and 1998). The 1994 Games saw the nights with the highest ratings in the history of American Olympic telecasts, as a result of the scandal in which associates of Tonya Harding attacked Nancy Kerrigan and the media frenzy that followed, as well as Dan Jansen's speed skating gold medal win. The short program on February 23 is, , the sixth-highest rated primetime TV program in American history. It had a rating of 48.5 and a share of 64. The long program two days later had a rating of 44.1 and another 64 share; it ranks 32nd. Each telecast had a different primetime host(s): Paula Zahn and Tim McCarver in 1992, Greg Gumbel in 1994, and Jim Nantz in 1998.
To help defray the increasing costs of broadcast rights, both CBS and NBC turned to cable and satellite services for additional coverage. CBS's Winter Games coverage was shared with TNT, which aired events under the promotional slogan "The ultimate daytime drama." Jim Lampley was the host all three times. In 1992, NBC teamed up with Cablevision for the Triplecast, which provided three channels of pay-per-view telecasts that supplemented NBC's regular coverage. However, NBC lost over $100 million, the package was dropped, and there was no supplemental coverage from Atlanta.
2000s.
Coverage in the first decade of the 21st century revolved around two major storylines:
As was the case with Seoul in 1988, NBC convinced the organizers of the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics to stage many of their major events during the late morning and early afternoon hours, which translated to live coverage during prime time in the United States.
2010s.
With Comcast taking over NBCUniversal many people thought they would not bid for the television rights for the next Olympics, after losing money from the 2010 Olympics. Also Dick Ebersol left as NBC sports chairman, under whom NBC overbid the last two Olympics. However it was announced on June 6, 2011 that NBCUniversal had won the television rights for the 2014, 2016, 2018, and 2020 Olympics, beating out ESPN/ABC and Fox. The entire package for the rights was $4.38 billion, making it the most expensive television rights deal in Olympic history. NBC paid $775 million for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, and $1.23 billion for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Also NBC paid $963 million for the 2018 Winter Olympics to be held in Pyeongchang, South Korea and $1.45 billion for the 2020 Summer Olympics, which will be held in Tokyo, Japan. NBC has announced that it will begin airing all of the events live either on TV or the internet.
Thanks to favorable time differences, much of NBC's coverage from Vancouver (2010 Winter Games) was live; as will be most of NBC's prime-time coverage of the 2016 Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro. It is commonly believed in the television industry that NBC will likewise push the organizers of the 2018 Winter Games in Pyeonchang to schedule major events (such as alpine skiing, figure skating, and the championship game in men's hockey) during the late morning and early afternoon hours to allow live prime-time broadcasts to the East Coast of the United States.
Criticisms.
Of course, there are some complaints about Olympic coverage on USA TV. Perhaps the most often heard is the insistence that some events be shown on disk- or tape delay rather than live, which is what most sports fans seem to prefer. Even if sports are shown live to some parts of the country, it may remain delayed in others, especially in the Pacific Time Zone. NBC has explained that primetime coverage of select events, regardless of when they actually occur, is designed to maximize the total viewing audience. 
Some examples of broadcast delay include:
The broadcast delay practice even for major events has become increasingly frustrating with viewers in recent times due to the increased usage of social networking and Web sites (including the official Olympic site and NBC's Olympic website) posting results in real time. As a result, these practices has spawned outrage across the internet and even raising concerns from politicians.
Anecdotal, if not official, evidence indicates that some USA viewers in border cities have decided to turn away from NBC coverage to watch events live on such stations as CBET in Windsor, Ontario, Canada and XEWT in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico. Nearly all Olympic coverage broadcast in Canada (traditionally CBC, CTV for the 2010 Vancouver Games) and Mexico (Televisa) is live regardless of venue or time difference. Often, events shown live during fringe hours in Canada and Mexico will be rebroadcast there in prime time.
In a related note, networks not part of the Olympic coverage, even including NBC News, are given very restrictive policies on showing highlights. For example, ESPN can show only a total of eight minutes of highlights per day, and must essentially wait until the next day to show any of it. (Reportedly, the only reason it can even show highlights at all is the deal that sent Al Michaels to "NBC Sunday Night Football" in 2006.)
Some decisions as far as what events to show also seem to create questions. For example, NBC got the Beijing organizers to show live swimming, gymnastics, and beach volleyball in U.S. prime time in 2008 (the next morning in Beijing). Such prominent sports as track and field and basketball were not selected. The network cited Phelps' potential for winning a record eight gold medals at a single Olympics (which he did), as well as demographics for gymnastics and beach volleyball that favor females.
One other concern among some critics is the emphasis on covering USA athletes ahead of all others on the US telecasts. Frank Deford of "Sports Illustrated" noticed this in 1984, when the Games were held in Los Angeles, California. After winning that year's decathlon gold medal, Daley Thompson of Great Britain wore a T-shirt that read, "America, thanks for the Olympics, but what about the TV coverage?" Again, NBC has said that the emphasis on US athletes and teams is what the public has demanded. To that end, a minor controversy erupted during the 1984 Games when it was discovered that televisions inside the Olympic Villages were showing the US ABC Network feed and not the world feed. It should be noted that any country's Olympic coverage usually has a major emphasis on sports where the country the network is broadcasting to has the best shot at medals. Also, in 2008, USA Network called itself "home of the United States Olympic Team" in event promos and commercial breaks.

</doc>
<doc id="18864491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864491" title="RedPrairie">
RedPrairie

RedPrairie is a privately held supply chain, workforce and all-channel commerce software provider headquartered in Alpharetta, GA. The company's solutions are used at over 60,000 customer sites in more than 50 countries. RedPrairie was founded by partners Jim McHugh and Doug Freeman as McHugh Freeman & Associates in 1975. Their warehouse management system is used to direct operations in and between stockrooms and distribution centers. It went to market in the mid 1980s.
On 21 December 2012, the company merged with JDA Software, a software and consultancy company in Scottsdale, Arizona providing supply chain management, merchandising and pricing solutions. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864493" title="Erik Hoffmann">
Erik Hoffmann

Erik Hoffmann (born August 22, 1981) is a Namibian professional road bicycle racer. He was born in Windhoek. He moved to University of Stuttgart, Germany in 2001 to study Electrical Engineering. During 2002 - 2004, he was part of Team Stuttgardia Stuttgart and ever since has been active in professional bicycle racing.

</doc>
<doc id="18864499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864499" title="Asociaţia Radioamatorilor din Moldova">
Asociaţia Radioamatorilor din Moldova

Asociaţia Radioamatorilor din Moldova (ARM) (in English, Amateur Radio Society of Moldova) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Moldova. Key membership benefits of ARM include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests, and a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries. ARM represents the interests of Moldovan amateur radio operators before Moldovan, European, and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. ARM is the national member society representing Moldova in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18864501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864501" title="Timpanog tribe">
Timpanog tribe

The Timpanogs were a tribe of the Ute people who lived in what today is Utah Valley. They were the most important band of the Utes. They have also been referred to as the Timpiavats. It is likely that the tribe's first contact with anyone of European descent was Spanish Franciscan missionaries during what is now known as the Dominguez-Escalante Expedition of 1776. 
In 1865 they numbered 300. This was after Latter-day Saints had settled in much of their original territory, the Walker War had caused deaths among them, and their population had declined owing to disease.
They lived on fish and on the seeds of wild plants.

</doc>
<doc id="18864524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864524" title="Samuel Cunliffe Lister, 2nd Baron Masham">
Samuel Cunliffe Lister, 2nd Baron Masham

Samuel Cunliffe Lister, 2nd Baron Masham (1857-24 January 1917) was an English baron and industrialist.
He was born in 1857, the son of Samuel Lister, 1st Baron Masham, and was educated at Harrow and St John's College, Oxford. Like his father, who he succeeded to the peerage in 1906, he was a prominent Yorkshire industrialist.
He never married, and on his death the title was inherited by his younger brother, John Cunliffe Lister, 3rd Baron Masham.

</doc>
<doc id="18864537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864537" title="Ljubav i drugi zločini">
Ljubav i drugi zločini

Ljubav i drugi zločini, or Love and Other Crimes in English, is a 2008 Serbian romantic comedy directed by Stefan Arsenijević, and written by Arsenijević and Srđan Koljević, and stars Anica Dobra and Vuk Kostić. The film won Arsenijević an award for Best Director at the 2008 Sofia International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18864541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864541" title="LSAT light machine gun">
LSAT light machine gun

The LSAT light machine gun, of the LSAT (Lightweight Small Arms Technologies) program, is a developmental, powerful light machine gun. The purpose of the program was to develop a lighter, yet very reliable LMG. The program was initiated in 2004, when the Joint Service Small Arms Program (JSSAP) challenged the American defence industry to develop a lighter small arms and also design lighter ammunition. The LMG provides a major reduction in weight over legacy weapons, as well as improvements in other areas, such as controllability and reliability. As of 2008, it has two configurations, one that fires cased telescoped ammunition, and one that fires caseless ammunition. After further research and development into both technologies and the platforms that fire them, one of the two variants shall be chosen for production.
History.
Development began with the two types of weight-reducing ammunition, and a light machine gun to serve as a testbed and technology demonstrator. Use of an LMG for this purpose is notable, considering its greater technical complexity than infantry rifles. The use of advanced computer simulations to accelerate development may have mitigated this, and the less significant LMG platform succeeds at being less conspicuous to unwanted media attention. For development, the use of extensive computer simulation and modelling reduces both time and expenditure for prototyping and testing. The program also uses a 'spiral development' approach, whereby the weapon and ammunition is rolled out in stages or 'spirals', each stage producing a new version that is an improvement on those from previous spirals. A competition down-selected the design concepts of various companies to leave an AAI Corporation-led team of companies as the developers of the weapon system. The cohesive team of companies is combined with government support to ensure success. The parallel development of the two ammunition types meant that, if the caseless ammunition effort succeeded, much of the development work gained with the composite cased weapon could be applied to it, and, if it failed, the composite-cased version was likely to succeed on its own.
Design.
The LMGs built made a 44% and 43% reduction of weight (for the cased telescoped and the caseless weapons, respectively). Secondary goals have also been met: the LMG has the potential to improve battlefield effectiveness (due to its simpler and more consistent weapon action, its light weight and low recoil, and its stiffer barrel); its use of recoil compensation (with a long-stroke gas-system, for example) has produced positive feedback regarding controllability; the simpler mechanism of the LMG is both more reliable and easier to maintain; a rounds counter has been integrated to improve maintainability, and the weapon is capable of accepting other electronic devices; improved materials used in the chamber and barrel have reduced heat load on the weapon; and the weapon cost is equivalent to the existing M249. The standard LSAT machine gun weighs 9.4 lb empty, compared to 17.6 lb for a standard SAW. Cased telescoped ammunition weighs 40% less than brass cased ammo, so a 100 round ammunition belt weighs about 2 lb for the LSAT, compared to 3.3 lb for a brass cased belt.
The LMG design is a traditionally laid-out machine-gun. It has several features conducive to its use as a light machine gun, such as a quick-change barrel, a vented fore-grip, a belt feeding mechanism, provisions for the use of an ammunition pouch, and a rate of fire of approximately 600 RPM. Other features include its light weight, an ammunition counter, and a highly stiff and heat resistant barrel achieved with the use of fluting and specialized alloys. When firing, the weapon's chamber swings around a longitudinal pivot; it swings from horizontally parallel with the pivot (the firing position) to vertically parallel (the feed position), and back again. A long-stroke gas-piston is used to operate this action. A round is fed into the chamber at the feed position using a rammer, and the new round also serves to push a spent or dud round out of the far end of the chamber. Such rounds are pushed forward, parallel to the barrel, and they slide into a separate mechanism that ejects them out of one side of the gun. The advantages of this whole action include its simplicity, its isolation of the chamber from barrel heat, and its positive control of round movement from extraction to ejection. In the caseless firing version of the weapon, another mechanism is introduced to seal the chamber during firing, accounting for the slightly increased weight of the caseless version.
Testing.
In late 2011, about 20 soldiers participated in a two-week assessment of the LSAT light machine gun at Fort Benning, Georgia to demonstrate its capabilities against the M249 SAW. In one test the soldiers, half armed with SAWs and half with LSATs, marched six miles in full combat gear then fired at targets to measure stress and muscle fatigue. Another test had the soldiers sprint 200 yards wearing body armor and a basic load on ammunition, then rapidly engage close-range targets. A third week involved soldiers of the 75th Ranger Regiment performing a squad maneuver live-fire exercise in an urban setting. Feedback from participants favored the LSAT for its lighter weight and decreased recoil. Soldiers remarked the LSAT had better accuracy than the M249. The semi-automatic option made it more viable for room clearing. One Ranger even said the LSAT performed better than the Mk 46 machine gun used by special operations forces. The eight prototype weapons fired a combined 25,000 rounds, moving its cased telescoped ammunition to technology readiness level 7.
The LSAT light machine gun was to be assessed in the Army's Dismounted Non-Networked Experiment (DNNE) taking place in August 2013 at Fort Benning. It will be among several items showcased at an event at Fort Benning on 24 September 2013 featuring the Army's latest individual and squad kit developments.
Future improvements.
The designers project further improvements. These include improved projectile technologies such as environmentally friendly bullets and a change in bullet size in order to increase combat effectiveness, as well as the integration of electronics such as ammunition count readouts, lasers, optical sights, rangefinders, and bullet drop compensation. The Army is pursuing cased telescoped ammunition. This development is far along, and they say a new LMG could be fielded within two years (2014) with unequivocal support. The Marine Corps is pursuing caseless ammunition, which is less developed and will take several more years to refine. A compact version is also being developed with a 4 inch shorter barrel and folding, telescoping buttstock.

</doc>
<doc id="18864554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864554" title="Death and funeral of Richard Nixon">
Death and funeral of Richard Nixon

On April 22, 1994, Richard Milhous Nixon, the 37th President of the United States, died after suffering a stroke four days earlier. His public funeral followed five days later at the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum in his hometown of Yorba Linda, California. In keeping with his personal wishes, Nixon's funeral was not a full state funeral, though his body did lie in repose in the Nixon Library lobby prior to the funeral services.
Nixon suffered a cerebral vascular accident (a stroke) on April 18 at his home in Park Ridge, New Jersey, and was taken to New York Hospital–Cornell Medical Center. After an initial favorable prognosis, Nixon slipped into a deep coma and died four days later. His body was flown to Marine Corps Air Station El Toro, Orange County, California, via SAM 26000, the presidential plane used as "Air Force One" while Nixon was in office. His body was transported to the Nixon Library and laid in repose. A public memorial service was held that evening, attended by world dignitaries and all five living presidents. Nixon's wife, Pat, died ten months earlier on June 22, 1993. This was the first funeral for a U.S. president since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1973. Nixon presided over President Johnson's funeral, as Nixon was the U.S. president at that time.
Death and tributes.
Nixon suffered a massive stroke (cerebral vascular accident) at his Park Ridge, New Jersey, home while preparing to eat dinner on Monday, April 18, 1994 at 5:45 PM EDT. An ambulance was called and he was taken to New York Hospital–Cornell Medical Center. He was conscious but unable to speak, and his vision was impaired. It was determined that a blood clot resulting from his heart condition had formed in his left atrium (upper heart), then broke off and traveled to his brain. His condition was determined to be stable the following day, as he was alert but unable to speak or move his right arm and leg. Nixon's prognosis was hopeful, and he was moved from the intensive care unit into a private room. His condition worsened that Tuesday night, however, complicated by symptoms of cerebral edema, or swelling of the brain. Nixon's living will stipulated that he was not to be placed on a ventilator to sustain his life. On Thursday, Nixon sank into a coma. And that Friday night, he died at 9:08 PM, April 22, 1994. His daughters, Tricia and Julie, were by his side.
U.S. President Bill Clinton announced Nixon's death in the White House Rose Garden and proclaimed a national day of mourning five days later. Clinton stated that Nixon was "a statesman who sought to build a lasting structure of peace" and praised his "desire to give something back to this world." Clinton said that he was "deeply grateful to President Nixon for his wise counsel." Tributes also came from former Presidents Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush. Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, former Senator George McGovern (who ran against Nixon in 1972), former Senator Howard Baker, Senator Robert Dole, Senator John McCain and Senator Edward M. Kennedy also reflected on Nixon's death.
Events in California.
Transportation to the Nixon Library.
Following the news of Nixon's death, tributes were placed at the Richard Nixon Presidential Library in Yorba Linda, California, the site of his birthplace. On April 26, the casket was placed into VC-137C SAM 26000, a member of the presidential fleet used as "Air Force One" while Nixon was in office, and flown to Marine Corps Air Station El Toro, Orange County, California. The body was transported in a motorcade, by hearse, to the Nixon Library.
Lying in repose.
Carried by eight military pallbearers representing all branches of the United States military, Nixon's body was placed in the library lobby and lay in repose from the afternoon of Tuesday, April 26 to the afternoon of Wednesday, April 27. Despite severe rain, police estimated that roughly 50,000 people waited in lines up to 18 hours to walk past the casket and pay their respects.
Funeral service.
The funeral service was held on Wednesday, April 27, on the grounds of the Nixon Library. The service was attended to by over 4,000 people, including family members, President Bill and Mrs. Clinton, President George H.W. and Mrs. Bush, President Ronald and Mrs. Reagan, President Jimmy and Mrs. Carter, and President Gerald and Mrs. Ford. Former Vice President Spiro Agnew also attended. A Congressional delegation consisting of over one hundred members was present, and a foreign diplomatic corps of over two hundred. The service was officiated by the Reverend Dr. Billy Graham, a friend of Richard Nixon's, who called him "one of the most misunderstood men, and I think he was one of the greatest men of the century." Eulogies were delivered by Graham, Henry Kissinger, Senator Bob Dole, Pete Wilson, Governor of California, and President Clinton. Dole could not hold back his tears at the end of his speech, a rare show of emotion in public for the Senator.
Following the service, Nixon was laid to rest beside his wife, Pat, who had died on June 22, 1993, making Nixon the most recent President and Vice President to be widowed. They are buried only steps away from Richard Nixon's birthplace and boyhood home.
The funeral was the last major public appearance of President Ronald Reagan, whose affliction with Alzheimer's disease was announced later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18864570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864570" title="The Boston Journal">
The Boston Journal

The Boston Journal was a daily newspaper published in Boston, Massachusetts from 1833 until October 1917 when it was merged with the "Boston Herald".
The paper was originally an evening paper called the "Evening Mercantile Journal". When it started publishing its morning edition, it changed its name to "The Boston Journal".
In October 1917 John H. Higgins, the publisher and treasurer of the "Boston Herald", bought out its nearby neighbor "The Boston Journal" and created "The Boston Herald and Boston Journal"

</doc>
<doc id="18864584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864584" title="USS Ryer (AG-138)">
USS Ryer (AG-138)

USS "Ryer" (AG-138/AKL-9) was a Camano-class cargo ship constructed for the U.S. Army as the Freight and Supply Ship USA "FS-361" shortly before the end of World War II. On delivery the ship was U.S. Coast Guard crewed and assigned to serve the Southwest Pacific area during the war. The ship was acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1947, configured as a transport and cargo ship, named and was Commissioned, Miscellaneous Auxiliary, USS "Ryer" (AG-138), 8 June 1947 and reclassified Light Cargo Ship, (AKL-9), 31 March 1949.
U.S. Army.
"FS-361" was built in 1944 for the U.S. Army by the Sturgeon Bay Ship Building & Dry Docking Co. of Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin designated "FS-361" on 28 February 1944 and launched September 1944. The ship was Coast Guard crewed and assigned to the Southwest Pacific area during the war.
U.S. Navy.
The ship transferred to the Navy 22 February 1947; named "Ryer" and designated AG-138 on 3 April 1947; and commissioned on 8 June 1947. Redesignated AKL-9 on 31 March 1949, USS "Ryer" was used by the Navy until the summer of 1950 on logistic support and surveillance missions in the Mariana Islands, the Caroline Islands, the Bonin Islands, and the Marshall Islands. During the Korean War, she carried ammunition between Sasebo, Nagasaki and various Korean ports, including Pusan and Inchon, from September 1950 to September 1951. From Korean duty, the ship returned to logistic support and surveillance duties in Micronesia, with her home port at Guam. She continued this service until returning to the United States for decommissioning.
Final decommissioning.
"Ryer" was placed in commission, in reserve, on 18 June 1955 and out of commission, in reserve, at Astoria, Oregon, on 4 August 1955. At Astoria until struck from the Navy List at San Diego, California, on 1 July 1961, she was delivered to her purchaser, Pacific Tow-Boat & Salvage Co., Long Beach, California, on 25 January 1962.
Honors and awards.
"Ryer" earned six battle stars for service in the Korean War:

</doc>
<doc id="18864591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864591" title="Joseph Bouchette">
Joseph Bouchette

Lt.-Colonel Joseph Bouchette (May 14, 1774 – April 8, 1841) was the Canadian Surveyor-General of British North America. His book, "Topographical Description of the Province of Lower Canada" was published at London in 1815 and also translated into French. It contained the sum knowledge of the territory at that time. The township of Bouchette, Quebec, was named for him. During the War of 1812 he raised and commanded the "Quebec Volunteers". In 1813, he was gazetted Lt. Colonel on the Staff of Governor-General Sir George Prévost.
Background.
Born at Quebec City in 1774, he was the son of Colonel Jean-Baptiste Bouchette, a topographer, and Marie Angelique Duhamel, daughter of Captain Julien Duhamel (1723-1778), of Quebec City. In 1775, his father rescued General Guy Carleton, Commander-in-Chief of the British Forces in North America, by navigating him and his family along the Saint Lawrence River from Montreal, through the American lines, and up to Quebec. This bold move reversed the outcome of the Battle of Quebec (1775), and for his part Joseph's father was handsomely rewarded with nearly 6,000 acres of land and considerable military advancements by the grateful Governor, Sir John Graves Simcoe. Like his father, Joseph Bouchette's career would be marked by a tradition of loyalty and devoted service to his country.
Early career.
Bouchette studied art and architecture under François Baillairgé. In 1790, he entered the service of his uncle Samuel Holland, the first Surveyor-General of British North America. The following year he joined his father with the Royal Navy's Provincial Marine on the Great Lakes. In 1793, while serving on Lake Ontario, he came into contact with Governor John Graves Simcoe who commissioned him to make the first survey of the York Harbour, that included making maps of the Toronto Islands. Bouchette, a member of the Royal Canadian Volunteers, remained in York for sometime assisting Augustus Jones with surveying the new provincial capital. Bouchette's proposals for fortifying York as at Quebec City were not heeded, much to his dismay after the Battle of York.
In Autumn, 1793, "HMS Onondaga" was run aground by a young Lieutenant outside Toronto Harbour and it was feared it could not be salvaged until after winter. After it had been abandoned, Bouchette assumed command and distinguished himself by managing to get it afloat and sailing it back to Niagara-on-the-Lake. For this exploit, the twenty year old Bouchette was promoted to 2nd Lieutenant in May, 1794. In 1799, Bouchette was at Halifax studying military tactics under orders from the Duke of Kent, with whom he had become a friend. He returned to Quebec City in 1801 to take up in the offices (which he found in a state of great disorder) of his elderly uncle, Samuel Holland, Surveyor General of The Canadas. Bouchette reorganised the offices and Governor Robert Shore Milnes reported in 1802 that, "Mr. Bouchette has responded perfectly to the opinion which we had formed of him". Following the death of his uncle, Bouchette officially replaced him in August, 1803.
Surveyor General.
He served during the War of 1812. He reviewed the territory of Lower Canada for the Government. In 1815, he published his great book "Topographical Description of the province of Lower Canada", which was the sum of knowledge of the territory for that day. The book, complete with some essential maps, was published in London in English and French, and was updated in English only in 1831–1832. His regional maps and two topographical descriptions of Lower Canada are still considered an essential reference for knowledge of the territory.
Bouchette returned to Montreal to become Surveyor General of Lower Canada, replacing his uncle Samuel Holland.
The Township of Bouchette in Quebec was named in his honour.
Family.
In 1797, at Notre-Dame, Montreal, Joseph Bouchette married Adélaïde Chaboillez (1781-1847), daughter of Charles Chaboillez. Colonel de Longueuil represented the groom's father at the wedding. Through this marriage he became a brother-in-law of Simon McTavish and Roderick Mackenzie of Terrebonne. They were the parents of six children,

</doc>
<doc id="18864593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864593" title="China Housing and Land Development">
China Housing and Land Development

China Housing and Land Development Inc. is a Xi'an based company that, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in the acquisition, development, management, and sale of commercial and residential real estate properties in the People's Republic of China.
It is the third-ranked housing and land development company in the Shaanxi province and ranked as the number one private housing and land development company in Xian.
Completed Projects.
Tsining 24G.
Located at 133 Changle Road, Xi'an, it consists in the redevelopment of a pre-existing building near the commercial belt of the city.
It comprises approx. available for residential use, plus approx. for commercial use.
It was completed in June 2006.
Tsining Junjing Garden I.
Consists of a European style community located at 369 North Jinhua Road, Xi'an.
It comprises 15 apartment buildings for a total of 1230 apartments. of additional property have been used for commercial businesses.
The project was completed in September 2006.
Current projects.
Tsining Junjing Garden II.
Built at 38 East Hujiamiao, Xian the complex stretches through of land.
The residential area consist of 2,119 one to five bedroom apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="18864597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864597" title="DRG Class 56.2–8">
DRG Class 56.2–8

Between 1934 and 1941 the Deutsche Reichsbahn (DRG) converted a total of 691 former Prussian-built Class 55.25–56 steam locomotives; the result was the DRG Class 56.2–8. The carrying axle enabled higher speeds and the engine could even be used as a passenger train locomotive. In addition the average axle load was lower, so that these locomotives could also be used on branch lines. The conversion entailed moving the boiler forward and raising it somewhat. The vehicles were given operating numbers between 56 201 and 56 891, although the numbering was not continuous.
The Deutsche Bundesbahn took over 368 of the 410 remaining engines after the Second World War and retired them by 1968. The last one was 56 241, that was to have been allocated the number 056 241-3. The East German Deutsche Reichsbahn retired their last locomotives (now called the DR Class 56.1) by the end of 1970.
Numbers 56 218, 258, 317, 543 and 598 remained in Austria after the war, locomotives 56 317 and 543 retiring as early as 1953. The remaining engines formed the Austrian ÖBB Class 656. All three were withdrawn by 1956.
The engines left in Poland after 1945 were given the PKP classification Tr5. One locomotive, the Tr5-65, is preserved at Wolsztyn.
The vehicles were coupled with Prussian tenders of class 3 T 16.5, 3 T 20 or 2'2' T 21.5.

</doc>
<doc id="18864602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864602" title="HMS Severn (1747)">
HMS Severn (1747)

HMS "Severn" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Harwich to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment, and launched on 10 July 1747.
"Severn" served until 1759, when she was sold out of the navy.

</doc>
<doc id="18864612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864612" title="Paul Vizzio">
Paul Vizzio

Paul Vizzio is best known for holding World Champion titles over a 23 year period from 11 professional kickboxing organizations in 4 different weight divisions: Featherweight, Super Featherweight, Lightweight, and Super Lightweight. His professional kickboxing record is 47 wins and 1, later avenged loss. Thirty-six wins were by knockout. The individual sponsoring kickboxing organizations, Professional Kickboxing Association; International Sport Karate Association, World Kickboxing Association
Prior to becoming a professional kickboxer, Vizzio fought in full contact bouts sponsored by the Eastern Kung-Fu Federation. These contests were fought without weight divisions, with little or no protective gear or gloves, and were often fought on wooden floors. They resembled more the “Extreme Fighting” matches of the 21st century than they did any other organized fights of their time. His record in these bouts was 55 wins and 0 losses with 54 knockouts. Eastern Kung-fu Federation c/o Fu Jow Pai Federation: http://www.fujowpai.com/
The most well-known of the kung-fu matches was the highly publicized “death match” in 1977 with Lee Man Chin, Grandmaster of The Seven Animals System. Upon arriving in the U.S., Chin issued a challenge to all American martial artists. At the request of the Grandmaster of the Fu Jow Pai system, Ng Wai Hong, Vizzio accepted the challenge. The fight was broadcast on a Chinese radio in New York. Vizzio won by a knockout in 6 seconds. A Chinese language publication that annually named the 10 biggest news events in the Chinese-speaking world, ranked Vizzio’s victory number three for the year.
The lone defeat of Vizzio’s professional fighting career came in July 1981. Cliff Thomas successfully defended his Super Lightweight crown with a TKO of Vizzio in the ninth round due to an injured jaw Vizzio received during training, in a bout that was televised on NBC Sports World. Vizzio took Thomas’ title in a return match in November of that same year, never to relinquish it.
As a youth, Vizzio also had 140 amateur boxing bouts with organizations such as the Police Athletic League. His record in those fights is not known.
Fight Record.
Kickboxing Championship Fights
"* Weight divisions differ among different sponsoring organizations."
Kickboxing Title Defenses
"* Weight divisions differ among different sponsoring organizations."
Early life.
An intensely private person, relatively little biographical information is available on Vizzio. He declines to discuss such standard matters as his birth date, his real first name (Paul is a nickname) or the names of his parents. The following details are known:
Sicilian immigrants, Vizzio’s parents arrived in the U.S. prior to World War II, and settled in New York City. His mother worked as a radio operator in the U.S. Army during the war. His father worked as a bartender and truck driver. Both parents are deceased. Vizzio has two older siblings, a brother, Peter, and a sister, Catherine.
Vizzio’s story is emblematic of many famous American fighters. The family grew up in a six-story “railroad” tenement on 13th Street between Avenues B & C, one of the toughest neighborhoods in New York City’s Lower East Side. It was an environment filled with economic and ethnic strife, where quick hands and quick wits had more survival value than a formal education.
Enormously energetic, Vizzio had difficulty sitting through studies. He ended his schooling early, and although he participated in local team sports like baseball, basketball and swimming, he also got into the kind of minor troubles to which ghetto youths are prone. It was while serving a sentence cleaning municipal golf courses that Vizzio developed a love for golf, that has stayed with him throughout his life. He is a single-digit handicap golfer.
Martial Studies.
It may be surmised that Vizzio’s personal discovery of Kung-Fu, with its Eastern spiritual overtones, helped him to productively focus his tremendous energy, thereby avoiding the fate so typical of many undirected inner city youths. He has said, in fact, that most of the friends of his childhood are dead or in jail.
In the early sixties Vizzio began studying Fu Jow Pai (Tiger Claw System), in New York’s Chinatown, with Grandmaster Ng Wai Hong, the Grandmaster of the Fu Jow Pai system, and President of the World Fu Jow Pai Federation. Vizzio earned the rank of Sai Chuon (Fourth Degree Blackbelt) under Grand Master Hong. He also studied with, and later taught kickboxing for, Shotokan Master, Toyotaro Miyazaki, who is a lifelong friend and godfather to Vizzio’s first child, Veronica.
Boxing skills learned in his youth were further honed with professional boxer Emilio Narvaez, Robert the Bear Alvarado, Sammy Alvarado and noted trainers, John Rainier and Phil Borgia. It is probable that the balance of hand techniques perfected there, combined with the strong, varied kicking techniques of Fu Jow Pai, contributed considerably to Vizzio’s unprecedented success at kickboxing.
Teaching.
Throughout his fighting career, Vizzio also taught kung-fu first, and later, kickboxing as well. In 1971 he began teaching Tiger Claw for Grandmaster Wai Hong at his Chinatown school and at Columbia University, where he taught for 12 years. He opened his own school, Wai Mo Kwoon, in New Jersey on the Chinese New Year of February 17, 1972. He has trained such celebrities as Hollywood starlet Morgan Fairchild in kung-fu, and trained Olympian Kevin Padilla, and Olympic Gold Medallist Herbert Perez in kickboxing. He currently offers classes in kung-fu and kickboxing at his school in Fairfield, NJ, and teaches kickboxing in Hoboken, NJ, as well as at the municipal recreation center in Mountainside NJ.
Personal life.
Vizzio keeps most details of his personal life to himself. He has never publicly revealed his age, even to close friends and associates. However, it can be inferred from backtracking his career, that he was probably born around 1948, 4/15/52 to be exact,give or take a couple of years. This implies a rather astonishing likelihood, that is, that Vizzio twice successfully defended world championship kickboxing titles while in his fifties, a feat which is unmatched and unparalleled in the history of professional fighting.
Vizzio has four children: Veronica (“Peaches”), Vanessa (“Twinkie”), Valentina (“Kitti”) and Paul Jr. (“Twizz”), all of whom study kung-fu and kickboxing with him. All four of his children hold world titles in martial arts as well, making the Vizzio's a true martial arts family. Vizzio lives in central New Jersey, where, when he is not teaching, he enjoys golfing, dancing, and playing with his grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18864613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864613" title="Sam Pera, Jr.">
Sam Pera, Jr.

Sam Pera Junior (born March 11, 1989) is a weightlifter from the Cook Islands, competing in the +105 kg category. He was born in Rarotonga.
He is the son of weightlifter Sam Nunuku Pera, who represented the Cook Islands at the Summer Olympics in 1992, 1996, 2000, and 2004. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games he competed against his father in the 105 kg category, and won with 293 kg to 281 kg, ranking 9th.
Sam Pera Junior ranked 32nd at the 2007 World Championships, with a total of 330 kg.
He won the bronze medal at the 2008 Oceania Senior Championships, with a total of 335 kg.
At the 2008 Junior World Championships he ranked 13th, with a total of 340 kg.
He is representing the Cook Islands at the 2008 Summer Olympics, competing in the +105 kg division. He served as the Cook Islands flag-bearer in the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18864627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864627" title="Ken Lockwood Gorge">
Ken Lockwood Gorge

Ken Lockwood Gorge is between Califon and High Bridge in Hunterdon County, New Jersey. It was purchased in 1948 by the Division of Fish, Game and Wildlife and has been referred to as “the most picturesque in the state.”
The 2½-mile (4 km) stretch of the Raritan River's South Branch comprises the central feature of this Wildlife Management Area. Steep, hilly woodlands host a plethora of flora and fauna including both game and non-game varieties, including a diverse population of birds and mammals.
Ken Lockwood Gorge is best known as a trout fishing destination. The New Jersey Division of Fish & Wildlife has designated the area as a "Trout Conservation Area", in which a separate set of rules apply. The limits are different from most other sections of the Raritan River, and fishing with bait is prohibited.
The gorge is named after Kenneth Lockwood, an outdoor journalist and conservationist. Ken Lockwood was best known for his column, "Out In The Open", which ran in the now-defunct Newark Evening News. He was also a strong advocate for land conservation, promoting setting aside land for hunting and fishing. Ken Lockwood died on April 2, 1948 on the way home from his weekly radio program. Ken Lockwood Gorge was named after him a short time later.

</doc>
<doc id="18864637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864637" title="Radioamaterski Sojuz na Makedonija">
Radioamaterski Sojuz na Makedonija

The Radioamaterski Sojuz na Makedonija (RSM) (in English, Radioamateur Society of Macedonia) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in the Republic of Macedonia. Key membership benefits of RSM include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests, and a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries. RSM represents the interests of Macedonian amateur radio operators before Macedonian, European, and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. RSM is the national member society representing the Republic of Macedonia in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18864644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864644" title="Hopkinstown">
Hopkinstown

Hopkinstown () is a small village to the west of Pontypridd town centre in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales situated alongside the banks of the River Rhondda. Hopkinstown is a former coal mining industrial community and is a district in the town of Pontypridd within the Rhondda electoral ward. It is neighboured by the settlements of Pwllgwaun, Trehafod and Pantygraigwen, and also comprises the subdistricts of Troed-Rhiw-Trwyn and Gyfeillion.
Early and industrial history.
The area where Hopkinstown is located was, as late as 1842, an undeveloped woodland known as the Ty Mawr Estate. Owned by Evan Hopkin, the area developed quickly soon after, until around 1850 it was beginning to develop into an urbanised development following the sinking of two collieries, Ty Mawr and Gyfeillion pits. Along with buildings to house the miners, Hopkinstown quickly acquired a chemical works, iron foundry and coke ovens.
The original village was a single row of houses along the Rhondda Road which followed the River Rhondda, but it wasn't until the 1871 census that the name Hopkin's Town was used to describe the area. By 1891 the village had a population of over 1,500 and several streets of terraced houses had been built. 
Hopkinstown would see eight shafts sunk during the industrial period. John Calvert, an engineer from Yorkshire, who had already sunk the Newbridge Colliery (later to become part of the Maritime Collieries, near Graig, Pontypridd), and in 1848 his money allowed the construction of the Gyfeillon Colliery, it would change hands to the Great Western Railway company, before reverting to Calvert before he sold into to the Great Western Colliery Company. The company would sink six shafts in total and the pits would collectively be known as the Great Western Collieries. 
Two other mines in the area, not owned by the Great Western, were the Typica Pit at Troed-rhiw-trwyn, which was only open for five years between 1875 and 1879, and the Lan Colliery, the only pit in Hopkinstown south of the River Rhondda. In 1889 it was owned by William Davies of Pontypridd, employing only seven miners; the mine closed in September 1907.
On Tuesday 11 April 1893 there was a fire in the Great Western Mine colliery which resulted in some 200 miners being trapped underground. Although the majority were rescued the eventual death-toll was 63 men and boys.
On 23 January 1911 eleven people died in the Hopkinstown rail disaster, when a carriage carrying passengers collided into a stationary coal train on the Taff Vale Railway line.

</doc>
<doc id="18864657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864657" title="Art Chicago">
Art Chicago

Art Chicago was an international contemporary art exhibition held each year in Chicago, Illinois. It was Chicago's longest-running major contemporary art exposition. The art fair was cancelled in 2012 after going through financial problems. Merchandise Mart Properties sent out the following memo to its PR list:
“After a thorough analysis of the art fair landscape, Merchandise Mart Properties has determined not to move forward with the production of the 2012 edition of Next Art Chicago. While Chicago will always remain a cultural tourism destination, is home to a thriving arts community, including galleries, world-class museums, theaters, arts-related organizations, along with thousands of art enthusiasts, it is our conclusion that the great majority of the contemporary art fair market in the United States has gravitated toward the coasts.”
History.
Art Chicago was founded as an American version of the Art Basel contemporary art exposition in 1980. Founded by Michigan print dealer John Wilson, Chicago International Art Exposition premieres in May at Navy Pier. The show attracts 80 dealers and 10,000 visitors. It was the first such in North America. For years it was held in the long barnlike sheds on Chicago's Navy Pier. In 1989 the leaky old sparrow-infested sheds on the pier were demolished and replaced by a mall, theatres, entertainment venues and convention exhibition halls. In 1993 Thomas Blackman took over as organizer of Art Chicago. During the 1990s, Art Chicago was called "the nation's leading fair of 20th-century art," "second only to Art Basel in Switzerland in global importance."
As the 1990s progressed, Art Chicago had troubles. The new Navy Pier buildings were cleaner and more inviting than the old ones, but the carnival atmosphere on the pier attracted an audience unused to art fairs. Robert Landau of Landau Fine Art in Montreal said of his experience in 2002, "we had more customers walking in off Navy Pier who really weren't there to see the art show. We had so many people coming in making remarks like, 'Are any of these paintings real?'" Sales decreased and major galleries pulled out. The newer "Art Basel Miami" fair surpassed Art Chicago in excitement, and drew away more galleries and important collectors.
In 2000 there were over 200 exhibitors; in 2004, the last year the fair was held on Navy Pier, there were more than 150 galleries exhibiting. In 2005 Art Chicago, redubbed "Art Chicago in the Park" was held in a giant tent in Grant Park behind the Art Institute of Chicago. There were now only 94 exhibitors, several of whom were new young Chicago galleries.
2006 Troubles.
In 2006 catastrophe struck. The fair was again planned to be in a tent in Grant Park. Construction had been visibly slow, but it was not until the evening of Tuesday, April 25—two days before the fair was scheduled to open—that the news came out that Art Chicago was in trouble. There was a dispute between Blackman and the contractors, with Blackman claiming that the flooring was unacceptable and the contractors claiming bounced checks. Blackman appears to have tried to arrange quick financing, including offering to sell his business the Friday before. Embarrassingly, several international art dealers were turned away from the tent, where they had arrived to set up their exhibits. Mayor Daley, through a spokeswoman, expressed annoyance and disappointment. An attempt to quickly reorganize the fair on Navy Pier fell through.
On Thursday, April 27, it was announced that Art Chicago would take place on the eighth floor of the Merchandise Mart, sharing it with the "Chicago Antiques Fair" which was already scheduled. Although makeshift, the fair was professionally handled, and although many exhibitors expressed concern, only three out of 104 dealers dropped out. At the same time, it was announced that Merchandise Mart Properties Inc. would buy the fair from Thomas Blackman Associates. A number of exhibitors said they were impressed at how well the fair turned out, and many preferred the new location.
Recent Fairs.
In 2007 Art Chicago's new owners brought back some of the strength of the older fair. With 132 exhibitors, it was part of a five-day art exposition, "Artropolis", which also included Bridge Art Fair Chicago 07, The Intuit Show of Folk and Outsider Art, and The Artist Project Independent Artist Exhibition + Sale .
Art Chicago 2008 built on the success of Art Chicago 2007, with more international galleries and more favorable attention and support, as well as the addition of the NEXT Art Fair, an invitational exhibition of emerging art.
After their failure, Chicago keeps trying. In 2012, the inaugural Expo Chicago art fair took place at Navy Pier Festival Hall with the hopes that it will "re-establish Chicago as a pre-eminent art fair destination." 

</doc>
<doc id="18864665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864665" title="Black Creek Nature Sanctuary">
Black Creek Nature Sanctuary

Black Creek Nature Sanctuary, commonly referred to as Black Creek, is a nature sanctuary located in Keweenaw County, Michigan. It is maintained and preserved by the non-profit organization Michigan Nature Association, and is only one of many parks and sanctuaries maintained by the association in Keweenaw County. The Black Creek Nature Sanctuary provides varied landscapes, several beaver ponds, sand dunes fringed by giant white birch, mixed conifers, lowland hardwoods, and of Lake Superior shoreline.
Starting in 1991, local citizens began purchasing land for preservation, and by 1992, a total of were acquired. In 2006, the land along the lake's shoreline was added for the present size of .
Access to the sanctuary is by a hiking trail of more than two miles (3 km) in length, and traverses a variety of environments. Vegetation includes blueberry, trailing arbutus and wildflowers such as orchids. The trail ends at a lagoon formed by the convergence of Hill and Black creeks where they empty into Lake Superior. Hill Creek flows through several feet of old stamp sand leftover from the copper mining era in the 1860s. The rock bearing the copper was crushed, or "stamped" to remove the ore, hence the term "stamp sand".
A small footpath marks the entrance to Black Creek near the end of Sedar Road between Calumet and Allouez. The trail will take you to the 1300 feet of Lake Superior shoreline that MNA protects as well as the beaver marshes, dune habitat and conifers that surround the creeks in this 242 acre sanctuary.
There is a lagoon where Black Creek and Hills Creek meet before entering Lake Superior. This area is especially rich in wildlife and scenic beauty.

</doc>
<doc id="18864666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864666" title="Max Maretzek">
Max Maretzek

Max Maretzek (June 28, 1821-May 14, 1897) was a Moravian-born composer, conductor, and impresario active in the United States and Latin America.
European career.
Born in Brno, now in the Czech Republic, he graduated from Vienna University and studied medicine for two years, at the same time taking a course in music and composition under Seyfried. He had breathed a musical atmosphere from his youth, and finally decided to devote himself wholly to its pursuit. The Emperor of Austria became interested in him, as did von Bülow, Wagner, Liszt, Offenbach and Strauss. In 1843 his first opera, "Hamlet", was produced at Brunn. He played the violin in orchestras in both Germany and England. He then travelled through Germany, France, and England, as an orchestral conductor, and in 1844 settled in London as assistant to Michael William Balfe at Her Majesty's Theatre.
American career.
Coming to the United States in 1848, he became musical director at Edward P. Fry's Astor Opera House. In 1849 he began his career as an impresario at the same house with an opera company of his own which included most of Fry's artists. Between 1848 and 1850, he produced "L'Elisir d'Amore", "Il Barbiere di Siviglia", "I Puritani", "Belisario", "Ernani", "Otello", "Maria di Rohan", "Don Pasquale", and "Der Freischütz". During the summer of 1850 Maretzek produced opera in Castle Garden, New York, producing "Luisa Miller" for the first time in America. The Academy of Music was opened in 1854 with Giulia Grisi and Giuseppe Mario under Maretzek. In 1855, "Il Trovatore" was produced by him, also for the first time in America, with Pasquale Brignoli as Manrico. He suffered a temporary setback with the arrival of Jenny Lind to America, as he lost audiences to her concerts. In 1856 Maretzek started an opposition to Niblo's Garden, with Clara Louise Kellogg. Adelaide Phillips, Pasquale Brignoli, and others. The competition was strong and neither side prospered. Although Maretzek brought out Giorgio Ronconi, one of the greatest baritones, he was driven to Philadelphia. In 1860 he returned to the Astor Place Opera House, and worked at Niblo's Garden in New York, the Crosby's Opera House in Chicago, and in Mexico and Havana. For a period in the late 1860s he managed the American career of newly arrived Czech actress Fanny Janauschek who early in her career spoke no English.
In 1889, his golden jubilee as opera director was held. The celebration was attended by such notables as Theodore Thomas, Anton Seidl, Frank van der Stucken, Adolf Neuendorff and Walter Damrosch.
Maretzek has been described as being possessed of a violent personality, dictatorial and intransigent, and was frequently in disagreement with members of his company and with critics. As a composer, he wrote two operas, "Hamlet" in 1843 and "Sleepy Hollow" in 1879. The first was produced in Germany, the second in the United States. He also wrote two volumes of memoirs, "Crotchets and Quavers" (1855) He died in Pleasant Plains, Staten Island, New York in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="18864683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864683" title="Paul Taylor (footballer born 1987)">
Paul Taylor (footballer born 1987)

Paul Thomas Taylor (born 4 October 1987) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Ipswich Town. He has previously played for Vauxhall Motors, Chester City, Montegnée, Anderlecht and Peterborough United.
Career.
Apprenticeship and Vauxhall Motors.
Born in Liverpool, Taylor is a former youth player of both Liverpool & Everton who then moved onto Manchester City from 2005 to 2006. Taylor joined non–league side Vauxhall Motors in 2007 and scored 17 goals in the Conference North in 2007–08.
During the season, Chester City had a bid for the player rejected and Taylor spent time on trial with Nottingham Forest. After several weeks of talks in the summer of 2008, Taylor joined Chester on 1 July on a six-month loan deal with a view to a permanent signing. On 27 October 2008, he was released from his loan contract with Chester City, he moved back to Vauxhall Motors.
Chester City and controversy.
Taylor made his Chester debut as a substitute in a 6–0 defeat at Dagenham & Redbridge on 9 August 2008, which was also his first Football League appearance. He went on to play nine league games (seven as substitute) and one cup match before the club announced his loan was being terminated on 24 October 2008. This followed a "third breach of club discipline". Due to chester city not paying Paul Taylor full wages he was unable to travel to 3 away matches. Despite Chester not wanting his services, Vauxhall Motors insisted City were legally bound to pay for his transfer in January 2009. 
On 31 October 2008, it was reported that Taylor had tested positive in a random drugs test when at Chester, after traces of cocaine were found in his sample. As a result, he faced a six-month playing ban, before joining Belgian fifth division Montegnée.
Belgium.
After becoming the lead scorer in the first half of the 2008–09 season and clearly standing out from the rest of the players, he was soon noticed by the bigger clubs in Belgium. In December 2009, Belgian media reported that both Standard Liège and Anderlecht from the first division had tested him and that Anderlecht was about to sign the player. On 16 December 2009, he signed for Anderlecht, but on 26 January 2010 was loaned to Charleroi.
Peterborough United.
Taylor signed for Peterborough United on an a 18-month deal on 28 February 2011. He scored his first goal in the 2–2 draw at Millwall on 17 August 2011. He went on to make his first start on 20 August against Ipswich Town and scored two goals in a 7–1 victory. On 26 November, he scored a volley in the 1–1 draw against Middlesbrough. On 17 December 2011, Peterborough faced Coventry City at home, and with 20 minutes remaining Taylor picked up the ball and played it into the path of Emile Sinclair who finished off the move nicely, the game finished 1–0 to the Posh. He then continued his fine form in 2012, helping Peterborough avoid relegation to secure another year in the Championship. In April 2012, Taylor rejected a four-year deal at London Road Stadium, a chance to become the highest paid player at the club, as a result he was put on the Summer transfer list as part of the club's new policy.
On 28 August 2012, Taylor, along with team-mate George Boyd, were the subject of an undisclosed bid from fellow Championship side, Ipswich Town, which was accepted by the club. The following day, both players travelled to discuss personal terms and both also passed medicals. However, later that night the deals fell through as neither player could agree personal terms.
Ipswich Town.
On 30 August 2012, Ipswich returned with a second undisclosed bid of an initial £1.5 million, this time for Taylor only, which was also accepted by Peterborough. Taylor agreed personal terms the same day. On 14 June 2013, Taylor pleaded guilty to a charge of assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
Loan to Peterborough.
On 26 September 2013, Taylor rejoined former club Peterborough United on a short-term loan deal running until 2 November 2013, as a replacement for the injured Lee Tomlin and to help gain first team football after a season long injury in his debut season at Ipswich Town.

</doc>
