<doc id="18959920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18959920" title="Honda Civic (eighth generation)">
Honda Civic (eighth generation)

The eighth generation of the Honda Civic was introduced in 2005. This generation introduced the "two-tier" instrument panel. In many countries (USA, UK, New Zealand), all models (including the base model) come standard with power windows, anti-lock brakes (ABS), and side/curtain airbags (for a total of six airbags). Additionally, the 2006 models acquired ULEV-2 (Ultra Low Emission Vehicle) certification and boast a more powerful 1.8-litre engine than the 2005 counterparts while retaining almost equal fuel economy.
In the North American market, the sedan and coupe styles are available, which were designed in Japan and Ohio, respectively. The sedan and coupe are available in several trim levels (DX, DX-G, LX, EX, EX-L, and Si). The Hybrid only comes as a sedan, while the Si coupe was joined by a sedan in 2007, and the Si sedan entered the Canadian lineup in 2008. 2008 saw the addition of new interior features such as a 60/40 rear folding seat and remote trunk release for LX models (previously only available on EX models), while 2009 models had a mid-generation refresh most notable on the front grille. In Canada, the Japanese-market type Civic 2.0GL is sold as the Acura CSX, and uses a K20Z2. A CSX Type-S is also sold, which is similar, but instead is equipped with the Civic Si drivetrain (197 hp K20Z3 and 6-speed transmission).
Asia, Australia, South Africa and Russia.
In the Asian, Pakistan, Russian, South African and Middle East, Canary Islands: Las Palmas de Gran Canaria markets, the new Civic has slight but noticeable styling differences from the American version. While the arcing line sweeping across the front fascia is retained, the main headlights dip away from the main arc for a more sporty appearance. The front bumper also has more vents with a steeper angle and sharper corners than the U.S. Civic. Meanwhile, the taillights are more reminiscent of the Integra, with the main round brake lights dipping slightly down into the indicators. By contrast, the taillights of the U.S. Civic resemble those of an Audi A4. On the interior side, the Asian-market Civic has contrasting two tone colour scheme. The three-spoke steering wheel from the American Civic Si and the European hatchback is standard.
Engines include a 1.8 litre SOHC i-VTEC (R18A) engine that produces at 6300 rpm and a 2.0-litre DOHC i-VTEC(K20Z2) engine that produces at 6200 rpm, both are mated to either a 5-speed manual or 5-speed automatic (with paddle shifting available on the 2.0 L model) with drive by wire throttles. There is a 1.6 litre variant available in Singapore and Turkey. A (1,600 cc and below) vehicles in the vehicle numbers curbing system in Singapore, while maintaining a higher standard than the 1.3 L variant. It uses an SOHC i-VTEC engine, similar to that of the 1.8 litre variant. It produces at 6500 rpm. For the hybrid, there is the 1.3 litre SOHC i-VTEC with the IMA (Integrated Motor Assist).
In Israel, South Africa, Australia, Turkey (4-door sedan variant – very similar appearance with JDM version one of the major differences is side-turn markers integrated onto door mirrors – is produced there) and Republic of Ireland, both the 4-door Asian and 5-door European Civic models are available. In certain European countries, the four-door JDM Civic is available with the hybrid powertrain, being the only Civic sedan available in the UK. In other markets where sedans are more popular (such as Ireland and Finland), a range of sedans similar to the JDM models are available with the 1.8 L i-VTEC. In Singapore and Brunei, the 3-door European Civic Type R was available.
In the Philippines, the Civic is offered in 3 grades; the entry-level 1.8 V, producing at 6300 rpm, and mated to either a 5-speed manual transmission or 5-speed automatic transmission. The 1.8 S has the same features as the V, however, it had different wheels, which is a 15" alloy, and equipment level such as ABS Brakes and SRS Airbags (2) while the S has a 16" alloy, 5-spoke wheels. The 2.0 S (dubbed by Honda Philippines as the 2.0 S-L, though on its badge, only the 2.0 is shown) produces at 6000 rpm. The S-L is only mated to a 5-speed automatic transmission with paddle shifters, while the manual transmission version has been discontinued. The S-L variant also has a 17" 7-spoke alloy wheels, 3-spoke leather steering wheel, HID lamps, and has blue leather seats. All of the variants has a digital instrumental gauge. Since the current generation is first introduced to the market in April 2006, its total sales has exceed its nearest competitor, Toyota Altis.
In Pakistan, the Civic is offered in 2 trim levels; the Civic i-VTEC and the Civic VTi Oriel, both versions are powered by a 1.8-liter SOHC i-VTEC engine, offered with manual or automatic(Prosmatec) transmissions. The difference between the two models is that the VTi Oriel gets additional features, not available in the i-VTEC, such as sunroof, alloy wheels and door mirrors with integrated turn signals.
The Indonesian market is offered in only two models, 1.8 and 2.0. The 1.8 is available in both manual (5-speed) and automatic (5-speed) transmissions. Both 1.8 and 2.0 automatic transmission has a paddle shifting, unlike the others for the Asian market. The 1.8 has dual airbags, ABS, EBD, a single-CD player, a 16-inch 5 spoke alloy wheels and air-conditioning, whereas the 2.0 adds a 6-disc CD changer, automatic air-conditioning, ESP, a 17-inch 5-spoke alloy wheels and navy blue/light gray interior instead of the dark gray/beige offered on the 1.8. The facelift model adds an 18-inch 8-spoke alloy wheels replacing the 17-inch offered on the 2.0 trim.
The South Korean market has three trim levels, 1.8, 2.0, and Hybrid. All Civic models are equipped with 5-speed Automatic transmissions, with the exception of the hybrid model which uses a CVT.
The Japanese-market Civic is in fact a rebadged Acura; Honda Japan chose the Canadian-designed Acura CSX as the template for the JDM Civic. In Canada, the Acura CSX has features and options not available to American Civics, such as a 2.0 L DOHC i-VTEC engine rated at , chrome door handles, paddle shifters, and high-intensity discharge headlights. Due to the width dimensions exceeding Japanese government regulations for exterior dimensions, the Civic is no longer regarded as a "compact" sedan in Japan, which has been passed onto the smaller Honda Fit Aria for the compact sedan segment.
Honda Japan has recently removed from its webpage of the sale of petrol engine Honda Civic. The Civic Hybrid and Civic Type-R webpages are retained.
Europe.
The European Civic (FK/FN chassis) is offered primarily as 5-door and 3-door hatchbacks and produced in Swindon, UK. It has a different appearance and suspension compared to the American and JDM Civics. The car won 2007 Semperit Irish Car of the Year in Ireland.
Designed by Toshiyuki Okumoto, the exterior of the European model is the most aggressively styled; the sweeping front arc is maintained and a perspex cover resembling a lamp cluster replaces the grille. The rear tail lights are also similarly styled. Triangular accents are found front and back, with triangular fog-lamps in front and dual triangle exhaust tips at the back. The rear backglass is split into two levels, divided by a spoiler lip and the fuel filler cap is a race-inspired exposed metal effect cap. For the 5-door models, the rear door is hidden away, with the door handles tucked away at the corners of the rear windows, creating the illusion of a 2-door coupe.
Mechanically, the European Civic differs from the American and JDM variants in that it uses a simpler torsion beam suspension system for the rear wheels compared to the double-wishbone system in the American and JDM versions. The more compact suspension of the European Civic allows it to keep its large interior space, while reducing its length compared to its predecessor. Engines include a 1.4-litre i-DSI, the 1.8-litre i-VTEC(R18A2) shared with the American and JDM models (although the American and JDM cars have this engine available as R18A1), and a 2.2-litre i-CTDi N22A2 turbodiesel. A 6-speed manual transmission is available across the range. An automated manual transmission, known as i-SHIFT is available for models with 1.4- and 1.8-litre petrol engines. A 2.0-litre i-VTEC (K20Z4) petrol Type-R high-performance version is also available.
Inside, the European Civic follows the same split-level or "two-tier" instrument panel as the American and JDM Civics. However, the European Civic has circular A/C vents and switchgear. There is also a start button reminiscent of the Honda S2000. The handbrake is in a more conventional position behind the shift lever. All around there is a generous use of metallic trim. Some other features of the European Civic include "magic seats" in the rear, that not only lie flat to increase boot capacity, but also allow the seat bench to lift up and lie flat against the back rests to create a large loading area in the back behind the front seats. There is also a "hidden" storage compartment in the boot under the floor. The lid, which normally forms part of the boot floor, can be sunk down to a lower level to increase the load area, designed to allow the boot area to accommodate larger or taller items. In the normal position, the storage area can be used to hide valuables away under the floor. Some models in the range feature things like electric folding mirrors, a panoramic glass roof, dual climate control, automatic headlights, xenon lights, headlight washers, and automatic windshield wipers. The range topping EX model also has DVD satellite navigation, and allows the car's entertainment system, climate control, navigation system and hands-free telephone system to be controlled all by voice commands.
In Serbia, Republic of Macedonia, Israel, Russia, Poland, Croatia and Republic of Ireland, both the 4-door JDM/Asian and 5-door European Civic models are available. In certain European countries, the four-door JDM Civic is available with the hybrid powertrain, and this is the only Civic sedan available in the UK. In other markets where sedans are more popular (such as Ireland, and Finland), a range of sedans similar to the JDM models are available with the 1.8 L i-VTEC. In Turkey, a 125 PS 1.6 L i-VTEC engine is available with the 4-door JDM/Asian body since tax brackets of this country rely on engine displacement (higher taxes are applied to the vehicles that have engine displacement more than 1600cc).
In March 2008 Honda announced that it was recalling 79,000 eighth generation Civics due to a potential problem with faulty handbrakes.
2009 Facelift.
Euro Civics (hatchback) received a mild facelift for 2009. The main change is the new redesigned front grille which now features two open intakes. The Type S received a grille similar to the Type R, only without the red badge. The rear bumper has also been slightly changed, as have some interior parts. Perhaps most importantly, the entry-level 1.4 i-DSI engine has been dropped from the line-up and replaced with a new, more powerful 100 PS 1.4 i-VTEC engine which is available with a new version of the i-SHIFT transmission.
2011 Facelift.
There is a mild facelift for 2011, including a new front grille which is said to be inspired by that of European Type R model, new alloy wheels which are now standard equipment, body colour side-skirts for Type S model, a new ionized Bronze colour for the exterior. For the interior, SE and ES models gets half fabric and Alcantara, Si model comes with half leather and Alcantara with heated front seats. Production for the 2011 hatchback started at the Swindon plant in November 2010.
Honda discontinued the 2.2 L i-CTDi diesel engine offered in Civic from 2011.
North America.
The 8th-generation Civic features a "two-tier" instrument panel. Digital speedometer, coolant temperature, and fuel are displayed at the top, while the lower tier displays the tachometer. The Hybrid features additional IMA Assist and Charge indicators on its display. The brightness on these displays can be adjusted and saved independently (headlights on or off).
The North American market Civic Si is a special trim level designed to offer a sportier experience than the standard Civic. It offers a more powerful engine, 6-speed manual transmission, sport seats, and different styling. The engine is a variant of the Honda K-series engine: a 2.0-litre, DOHC four-cylinder design with Honda's i-VTEC variable valve timing system. It produces 197 hp (197 PS/147 kW), 57 more than the Civic DX/LX/EX. A 350 Watt, 7-speaker sound system, including subwoofer, is also included along with a helical limited-slip differential, close ratio 6-speed gearbox, upgraded brakes, 17-inch alloy wheels with optional Michelin summer tires, leather-wrapped steering wheel and shift knob, aluminum racing pedals, unique interior touches that include Si-branded seats and different fabric, and a rear wing and red backlit gauges. The Civic Si coupe debuted a few months after the initial launch of the 2006 models, with the Civic Si sedan following in 2006 (2007 in Canada). VSA (Vehicle Stability Assist) came standard from 2007 for the Si, and TPMS (tire pressure monitoring system) from 2008.
In the fall of 2007, a slight variant on the standard Si sedan model, the Honda Civic Mugen Si sedan, was introduced for the 2008 model year. Although Mugen Motorsports is known for its performance heritage, the Mugen Si centered more on cosmetic alterations to the standard Si. A total of 1000 Mugen Si cars were produced for the North-American market.
All Civics (including their trims) have unique covers/wheels specific to their car and come standard with cloth seats. The rest of the Americas receive the North American-market Civic sedan (and coupe in some countries).
Trims and models.
The base DX model is equipped with LATCH, immobilizer theft-deterrent system, power windows, daytime running lights (DRL), 15-inch steel wheels with covers, driver's seat height adjustment, and other features American DX models do not have a standard audio system, while the Canadian equivalent has a 160 watt 4-speaker AM/FM/MP3 stereo system with CD player. Air conditioning is optional, which is known as DX-A in Canada.
The DX-VP (Value Package) sold in the United States adds air conditioning and the 160 watt 4-speaker AM/FM/MP3 stereo system with CD player.
The DX-G model sold in Canada adds air conditioning, cruise control, auxiliary input jack for portable audio players, power door locks, remote keyless entry, heated exterior mirrors, and storage console armrest. In 2008, it added lightweight alloy wheels (same as the ones on the Civic Hybrid), and a lip spoiler.
The LX model adds a 160 watt 4-speaker AM/FM/MP3 stereo system with CD player (for the US only, all Canadian DX and LX models already include that system), 16-inch steel wheels with covers (alloy wheels in Canadian LX models), cruise control, MP3/audio jack, passenger-side walk-in with memory (coupe only), floor mats, and an anti-theft security system with remote entry (US models only). In 2008, Canadian LX models added features including a lip spoiler, 60/40 rear folding seat, and remote trunk release.
Since 2009, the LX-S (sport) for the US market adds alloy wheels, lip spoiler, steering-wheel audio controls, and black sport upholstery with silver stitching.
The 2008 model year introduced the LX-SR or LX Sunroof for the Canadian market, which adds a power moonroof and 4-wheel disc brakes. In 2009, the sedan was renamed the Sport and has added features such as black sport upholstery with silver stitching, chrome exhaust finisher, and leather-wrapped steering wheel. These amenities were not added to the coupe which remained as the LX.
The EX model adds a power moonroof, 4-wheel disc brakes, 16-inch alloy wheels, an additional 12-volt accessory outlet (for a total of two), a 350 watt stereo system with six speakers (coupe only, the sedan EX comes with a 160 watt stereo system), exterior temperature indicator, a foldable rear arm rest with integrated cupholders (sedan only), and an optional voice-activated navigation system. This trim was sold in Canada in the 2006/2007 model year, until it was replaced with the LX-SR and EX-L models.
The EX-L model adds a leather interior with heated front seats, heated exterior mirrors, leather-wrapped steering wheel, and a center console.
All coupes come standard with a rear lip-spoiler, while EX models have round chrome finish on the exhaust pipe. Coupes are intended to be sportier than their sedan counterparts, they have a more aggressive suspension set up consisting of firmer spring rates and thicker anti roll bars coupled with adjusted damping settings, and cost US$200 less in the US and CDN$200 more in Canada at base MSRP. Civic models with a moonroof have slightly less interior space due to reduced headroom. MSRP is US$15,305 (CD$18,881) for the DX manual coupe to approximately US$21,000 for the Si models.
The Honda Civic GX is designed run on compressed natural gas (CNG). Due to the limitations of the CNG tanks, the 6-speaker stereo system is not installed.
Only a continuously variable transmission (CVT) is offered for the 2006 Honda Civic Hybrid, which gains more power and a mileage boost to a United States Environmental Protection Agency estimated / (city/highway). It achieves an AT-PZEV emission rating. The 1.3L L13A i-DSI engine (in Europe marketed as 1.4 L engine) has been upgraded to achieve , instead of in earlier model. Accompanied by the electric engine with 15 kW (20 hp) which gives in total for the Hybrid vehicle. Top speed is rated at 186 km/h (116 mph), CO2 emission is 109 g/km and the mass of the car is —not much for a car equipped with IMA electric motor and nickel–metal hydride batteries (5.5 A·h, 158 V).
Both the Civic GX and Civic Hybrid have a similar trim level to the Civic LX, with some differences like lightweight alloy wheels, and external mirror lights.
Facelift.
For the 2009 model year, Civics sold in the North American market received a facelift. For the sedan exterior, the front bumper and grille were restyled and the bar above the rear license plate is chromed, while the coupe received a new front bumper and grille both reminiscent of previous Civic coupe generations. The sedan's taillights now use transparent lenses with amber bulbs for the turn signals, rather than red lenses. For the interior, the sedan's steering wheel was changed from a two-spoke design to use the coupe and Si model's three-spoke design.
Sales.
During the debut of Civic sedan and coupe concepts at the 2011 North American International Auto Show in Detroit, it was announced that more than 1.5 million units of the eighth-generation Civic have been sold since it first went on sale in late 2005.
Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Chile.
For the Brazilian market, the eighth generation Civic is available only with a sedan body, and it is externally almost identical to the American version, having different bumpers and a higher ground clearance. It is available in two trim levels. The LXS and EXS levels are equipped with the 1.8 L i-VTEC SOHC engine generating at 6300 rpm. Both models might be equipped with a 5-speed manual or a 5-speed automatic transmission, but only the EXS has the paddle shift controls on the steering wheel. A special trim level for handicapped individuals (LX), based on the LXS, was available in the first year but due to some changes in tax-break laws it's no longer available. It was equipped with automatic transmission and limited to . The 2006 Civic received the "Best Buy" award from "Quatro Rodas" magazine. The recommended prices for 2006 Civics in Brazil range from R$61,745.00 to 80,750.00, but due to high demand, new Civics are being sold for about 10% more than the recommended price. The Si sedan was announced at Salão do Automóvel in São Paulo, featuring a 2.0 L i-VTEC DOHC at 192 PS (143 kW) (195 PS (145 kW) when using premium unleaded gasoline). For the 2007 model, Honda introduced a new Flexible Fuel version, featuring the same 1.8 L engine, having 140 PS (103 kW) when running only on ethanol or 138 PS (101 kW) when running on gasoline.
Argentina, Uruguay and Chile also receive Brazilian models (Perú previously received the Brazilian model, however it is now receiving the North American model). The price ranges from US$20,000 to $25,000 in Argentina; in Chile prices range from CLP$10.490.000 for the Brazilian built LXS model, to CLP$13.900.000 for the Japan built Civic Hybrid, to CLP$15.990.000 for the Brazil built four-door Civic Si sedan, and up to CLP$19.990.000 for the US-specs Civic Si coupe.
Mainland China.
Dongfeng Honda Automobile, one of Honda's joint ventures in China, assembles and markets the Civic in China from 2006. It comes with an 1.8-liter i-VTEC engine. Its exterior is the same as the North American-market Civic, except with amber tail turn lights and only the sedan model is available.
It is the basis that becomes "Ciimo", a model from Dongfeng Honda, one of Honda's joint-venture in the country. The Ciimo is introduced as an original designed model of the join venture to the Chinese market in April 2012 after the ninth generation was launched. However, the Ciimo differs from the previously sold Civic by adopting a front and rear end inspired by the Japanese market model, as a result, it is slightly longer. It comes with an 1.8 litre i-VTEC engine, with either a five-speed manual or five-speed auto transmission.
In Hong Kong, China, the Civic is imported by an independent distributor. The Right-handed drive Civic (FA1) is made in Japan but shares its exterior with the North American-market Civic. Two models (1.8 Deluxe and 1.8 VTi) are sold, sharing the same engine (R18A) with minor differences in appearance and equipment, e.g. side mirror turn signal light, side airbags and cruise control. In the facelift model, the more expensive VTi model comes with paddle shifters.
Type R.
Honda debuted a Type R concept for the European Civic at the 2006 Geneva Motor Show; the Type R, basing on the three-door hatchback developed for the European market, has a 2.0-litre 201 bhp (150 kW) at 7800 rpm inline 4 cylinder engine. The suspension uses McPherson struts up front and a torsion beam in the back, while the car itself was initially thought to be lighter than the standard Civic as dictated by Honda Type R philosophy. Sophisticated handling aids such as traction control were initially thought to be completely eschewed for a purer, more soulful driving character. In the end, Honda did include a special version of their VSA (Vehicle Stability Assist) that was specifically tuned to the car so as to better adhere to said philosophy. The Type R went on sale in the UK in February or March 2007, and is scheduled to reach Australia in July the same year. The European Civic Type R also went on sale in Brunei.
The JDM/Asian 4-door Civic Type R went on sale on March 29, 2007. The Type R powered by an uprated K20A 2.0-litre iVTEC engine producing at 8000 rpm (Available in Japan and Malaysia only), while the other markets have @ 7800 rpm and comes with a specially tuned sports suspension that includes new Brembo brakes. The prototype Type R was used as the official car of the Formula 1 2006 Japanese Grand Prix. This will mark the first time that Honda will produce two separate distinct Civic Type R models.
Mugen's Civic RR which is the Type R sedans uprated model is available in Japan. The Mugen RR sheds an additional 10 kg (22 lbs) off the standard Civic Type R's weight, coming in at . In addition to the weight loss, the freer-breathing Mugen RR picks up over the regular Type R. It's rated at at 8,000 rpm and at 7,000 rpm.
Complementing the added power and decreased weight are a new bodykit, upgraded brakes all around, a retuned suspension, new wheels and tires, and logo-emblazoned Recaro sport buckets. Availability is limited to 300 cars, all in the Milan Red finish shown, and the pricing in Japan has been set at ¥4,777,500 ($38,750 USD).
Mugen's official website has a video of the car lapping Japan's Tsukuba circuit in 1:06:68.

</doc>
<doc id="18959936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18959936" title="New Zealand women's national under-20 football team">
New Zealand women's national under-20 football team

The New Zealand women's Under-20 Football Team, informally known as the 'Junior Football Ferns', is the representative team for New Zealand in international Under-20 football (soccer) tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="18959956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18959956" title="Guy Baker">
Guy Baker

Guy Baker was the head coach for the United States women's national water polo team competed in the 2008 Beijing Olympic games. He is now the Director Of Olympic Development of USA Water Polo. Baker had guided the team to a silver medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics, a bronze medal in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and a silver medal in the 2008 Summer Olympics (only players receive a medal at the Olympics).
Career.
Prior to becoming the head coach for the national team, he was the water polo coach at UCLA and California State University, Long Beach, beginning in 1985. At Cal-State Long Beach, Baker was a star player.
UCLA.
Baker coached both the men's and women's water polo teams to national championships. The men's team won the NCAA championship in 1995, 1996, 1999 and 2000, while the women's team won the national collegiate championship in 1996, 1997 and 1998. Both of his teams won a national title in the same school year twice (1995–96 and 1996–97), a first for a coach. In his first year at UCLA, he was named American Water Polo Coaches Association Coach of the Year for leading the men's water polo team to a second-place finish in the NCAA tournament.
Olympics.
At the 2008 China Summer Olympic games, his American team lost 8-9 in the championship game to the Netherlands, and the team took home the silver medal. "Head Coach Guy Baker has presided over one of the most dominating runs for women’s water polo the last eight years plus and with 10 first time Olympians on the roster the future looks very bright for this group," according to USA Water Polo.

</doc>
<doc id="18959959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18959959" title="All politics is local">
All politics is local

The phrase, "All politics is local" is a common phrase in U.S. politics. The former Speaker of the U.S. House Tip O'Neill coined this phrase, which encapsulates the principle that a politician's success is directly tied to his ability to understand and influence the issues of his constituents. Politicians must appeal to the simple, mundane and everyday concerns of those who elect them into office. Those personal issues, rather than big and intangible ideas, are often what voters care most about, according to this principle. Politicians often use this against one another, as well, to hit each other where it hurts most—back at home—rather than on the floor of Congress. The concept is contrary to the notion that most people, somehow, in local elections are casting votes to "send a message" to the highest levels; instead, the principle predicts that most people will not decide who to vote for in local elections simply as a means to act on feelings about national politicians, such as concerns about a current U.S. President, but that they make decisions based on how they feel local interests are being addressed. The prediction is that most people who vote, or debate issues, are focused on resolving their local issues.
Example.
During the 1982 Congressional elections, O'Neill's seat was challenged by Massachusetts lawyer Frank McNamara, who had financed most of his campaign with money from oil interests in Oklahoma and Texas. Voters in Massachusetts, plagued by oil prices and a poor economy for many years, felt no love for McNamara and his oil money and instead mocked him as he announced his candidacy on the steps of the US Capitol.
Later during those elections, O'Neill introduced a $1-billion jobs bill to the table. House Republican Leader Robert H. Michel of Peoria, Illinois opposed the bill, but O'Neill delivered an address broadcast in Peoria that showed how many infrastructure problems in Peoria would be fixed by the bill. "By hitting his rival where he lived, O'Neill translated a wholesale debate over national economic policy to the local, retail level" (Matthews 53).
“All politics is local” was used by Washington AP bureau chief Byron Price in 1932. Tip O’Neill first used the term in 1935, when he entered politics.
References.
Matthews, Christopher. Hardball.

</doc>
<doc id="18959967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18959967" title="Instituto Lingüístico de Verano">
Instituto Lingüístico de Verano

Instituto Lingüístico de Verano, abbreviated ILV and the Spanish equivalent of "Summer Institute of Linguistics", is the name of several non-profit organisations incorporated in Latin American countries, affiliated with the overarching parent organisation SIL International. As such, it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18959986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18959986" title="Square cut">
Square cut

Square cut may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18959997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18959997" title="Buttree Puedpong">
Buttree Puedpong

Buttree Puedpong (; ; born October 16, 1990; nicknamed "Song" which means "two") is a female Thai Taekwondo practitioner who competes at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the -49 kg class.

</doc>
<doc id="18960009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960009" title="Daynellis Montejo">
Daynellis Montejo

Daynellis Montejo (born November 8, 1984) is a female Cuban Taekwondo practitioner who competes at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the -49 kg class.

</doc>
<doc id="18960014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960014" title="The Worldhood of the World (As Such)">
The Worldhood of the World (As Such)

The Worldhood of the World (As Such) is the seventh full-length album released by Canadian punk rock band Nomeansno. It is the first record of the group's to feature guitarist Tom Holliston. The title is a reference to the existential philosophy of Martin Heidegger (see Heidegger's 1927 book "Being and Time", chapter 3).

</doc>
<doc id="18960025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960025" title="Mountain West Energy">
Mountain West Energy

Mountain West Energy, LLC is an American unconventional oil recovery technology research and development company based in Orem, Utah. It is a developer of the In-situ Vapor Extraction Technology, an "in-situ" shale oil extraction technology. The company owns oil shale leases in the Uintah Basin, Uintah County, Utah.
In 2008, Mountain West Energy won the Clean Technology and Energy Utah Innovation Award.
Technology.
Mountain West Energy has proposed an experimental technology for "in-situ" shale oil extraction called In-Situ Vapor Extraction. The company claims its technology would also be suitable for enhanced oil recovery and for extraction of heavy crude oil and oil sands. For conversion of the kerogen in oil shale into shale oil, the company proposes using a high temperature gas, injected through an injection well. In the oil shale formation, the gas would cause pyrolysis, releasing shale oil vapors. These vapors would be brought to the surface through an extraction well.
In 2009, Mountain West Energy concluded an exclusive agreement with San Leon Energy granting the San Leon rights to the technology for a three year pilot project on the Tarfaya oil shale deposit of Morocco. San Leon signed a memorandum of understanding with the National Office of Hydrocarbon and Mining of Morocco on the Tarfaya oil shale deposit in May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18960026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960026" title="Amir Tavakkolian">
Amir Tavakkolian

Amir Tavakkolian (, born 7 September 1971 in Mashhad) is an Iranian wrestler.

</doc>
<doc id="18960031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960031" title="Audience Measurement and Analytics Ltd. (aMap)">
Audience Measurement and Analytics Ltd. (aMap)

Audience Measurement & Analytics Limited (aMap) is an overnight TV audience measurement system that provides data on television in India such as demographics, ownership, and viewership. It also runs the AmapDigital, an overnight DTH (Direct-to-home) TV audience measurement panel.
Background.
aMap began in 2004 on the basis of its research in India, which showed that a number of opinion leaders felt that the industry required an audience measurement system.
aMap collects viewership data using Telecontrol VIII data collection units sourced from Telecontrol AG, and wireless connections using GSM modems.
Activities.
aMap provides data on television ratings, gross rating points (GRP), reach, time spent, market share, target groups, connectivity of channels, content analysis and more.
aMap has an overnight panel encompassing 6,000 metered homes.
aMap delivers data overnight so that yesterday’s data can be accessed today by the subscribers. Over and above the usual demographics like SEC, age, gender and C&S availability, viewing data is also reported across durable ownership, vehicle ownership, type of TV, size of household, occupation and education of individuals, monthly household income, children at home, chief wage earner, type of dwelling and more.
aMap's methodology.
A team of Telecontrol experts, three professors at IIM Ahmedabad has developed mathematical and statistical modules that help aMap undertaking a data health check every day. 
aMap chosen as audience measurement currency by Eurodata TV worldwide.
Eurodata TV Worldwide has released, ‘One Television Year in the World’ a handbook on TV audience measurement data across the world. 
“Eurodata TV Worldwide” is the international data bank of TV programmes and audiences, which now covers over 2000 channels throughout 80 territories and provides daily program information including: content, production, international distribution and the audience levels for targeted programs, all data emanating directly from the authorized institute based in each country. For India the institute is aMap. 
Connectivity data.
aMap is the only system in India that gathers and disseminates connectivity data on an overnight basis, for three times of the day. To aMap’s subscribers, data is provided on an overnight basis by market and by band. The bands in which data is disseminated are Prime band, Colour Band, S Band, Ultra High Frequency (UHF) and Hyper Band.
It gives the percentage of homes that receive a channel on a particular band.
Audience Research Laboratory.
aMap collaborated with Optimum Media Solutions (OMS)–a media agency and Mudra Institute of Communications Ahmedabad (MICA) to set up the “aMap OMS Audience Research laboratory” at the MICA campus. The laboratory was inaugurated in 2006. The lab is operated under the directions of its advisory council. It works with experts in social sciences, psychology, anthropology, advocacy and market research to explore audience research data.

</doc>
<doc id="18960045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960045" title="Carlo Acton">
Carlo Acton

Carlo Eduardo Acton (25 August 1829 – 2 February 1909) was an Italian composer and concert pianist. He is particularly remembered for his opera "Una cena in convitto" and for his sacred music compositions of which his "Tantum ergo" is the most well known.
His father Francis Charles Acton (1796-1865) was the youngest son of General Joseph Acton, younger brother of Sir John Acton, 6th Baronet. His mother Esther was a daughter of the Irish painter Robert Fagan.

</doc>
<doc id="18960065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960065" title="Jae (given name)">
Jae (given name)

People with the given name Jae:
Fictional characters given-named Jae:

</doc>
<doc id="18960109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960109" title="Peter and Wendy">
Peter and Wendy

"Peter Pan; or, the Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up or Peter and Wendy" is J. M. Barrie's most famous work, in the form of a 1904 play and a 1911 novel. Both versions tell the story of Peter Pan, a mischievous little boy who can fly, and his adventures on the island of Neverland with Wendy Darling and her brothers, the fairy Tinker Bell, the Lost Boys, the Indian princess Tiger Lily, and the pirate Captain Hook. The play and novel were inspired by Barrie's friendship with the Llewelyn Davies family. Barrie continued to revise the play for years after its debut; the novel reflects one version of the story.
The play debuted in London on 27 December 1904 with Nina Boucicault, daughter of playwright Dion Boucicault, in the title role. A Broadway production was mounted in 1905 starring Maude Adams. It was later revived with such actresses as Marilyn Miller and Eva Le Gallienne. The play has since seen adaptation as a pantomime, stage musical, a television special, and several films, including a 1924 silent film, a 1953 animated Disney full-length feature, and a 2003 live action production. The play is now rarely performed in its original form on stage in the United Kingdom, whereas pantomime adaptations are frequently staged around Christmas. In the U.S., the original version has also been supplanted in popularity by the 1954 musical version, which became popular on television.
The novel was first published in 1911 by Hodder & Stoughton in the United Kingdom and Charles Scribner's Sons in the United States. The original book contains a frontispiece and 11 half-tone plates by artist F. D. Bedford (whose illustrations are still in copyright in the EU). The novel was first abridged by May Byron in 1915, with Barrie's permission, and published under the title "Peter Pan and Wendy", the first time this form was used. This version was later illustrated by Mabel Lucie Attwell in 1921. The novel is now usually published under that title or simply "Peter Pan". The script of the play, which Barrie had continued to revise since its first performance, was published in 1928. In 1929, Barrie gave the copyright of the Peter Pan works to Great Ormond Street Hospital, a children's hospital in London.
Background.
Barrie created Peter Pan in stories he told to the sons of his friend Sylvia Llewelyn Davies, with whom he had forged a special relationship. Mrs. Llewelyn Davies' death from cancer came within a few years after the death of her husband. Barrie was named as co-guardian of the boys and unofficially adopted them.
The character's name comes from two sources: Peter Llewelyn Davies, one of the boys, and Pan, the mischievous Greek god of the woodlands. It has also been suggested that the inspiration for the character was Barrie's elder brother David, whose death in a skating accident at the age of fourteen deeply affected their mother. According to Andrew Birkin, author of "J.M. Barrie and the Lost Boys", the death was "a catastrophe beyond belief, and one from which she never fully recovered. If Margaret Ogilvy mother as the heroine of his 1896 novel of that title drew a measure of comfort from the notion that David, in dying a boy, would remain a boy for ever, Barrie drew inspiration."
The Peter Pan character first appeared in print in the 1902 novel "The Little White Bird", written for adults. The character was next used in the very successful stage play "Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up" that premiered in London on 27 December 1904.
In 1906, the chapters of "The Little White Bird" which featured Peter Pan was published as the book "Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens", with illustrations by Arthur Rackham. Barrie then adapted the play into the 1911 novel "Peter and Wendy" (most often now published simply as "Peter Pan").
The original draft of the play was entitled simply "Anon: A Play". Barrie's working titles for it included "The Great White Father" and "Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Hated Mothers". Producer Charles Frohman disliked the title on the manuscript, in answer to which Barrie reportedly suggested "The Boy Who Couldn't Grow Up"; Frohman suggested changing it to "Wouldn't" and dropping "The Great White Father" as a title "".
Plot summary.
Although the character appeared previously in Barrie's book "The Little White Bird", the play and its novelisation contain the story of Peter Pan mythos that is best known. The two versions differ in some details of the story, but have much in common. In both versions Peter makes night-time calls on the Darlings' house in Bloomsbury, listening in on Mrs. Mary Darling's bedtime stories by the open window. One night Peter is spotted and, while trying to escape, he loses his shadow. On returning to claim it, Peter wakes Mary's daughter, Wendy Darling. Wendy succeeds in re-attaching his shadow to him, and Peter learns that she knows lots of bedtime stories. He invites her to Neverland to be a mother to his gang, the Lost Boys, children who were lost in Kensington Gardens. Wendy agrees, and her brothers John and Michael go along.
Their magical flight to Neverland is followed by many adventures. The children are blown out of the air by a cannon and Wendy is nearly killed by the Lost Boy Tootles. Peter and the Lost Boys build a little house for Wendy to live in while she recuperates (a structure that, to this day, is called a Wendy House.) Soon John and Michael adopt the ways of the Lost Boys.
Peter welcomes Wendy to his underground home, and she immediately assumes the role of mother figure. Peter takes the Darlings on several adventures, the first truly dangerous one occurring at Mermaids' Lagoon. At Mermaids' Lagoon, Peter and the Lost Boys save the princess Tiger Lily and become involved in a battle with the pirates, including the evil Captain Hook. Peter is wounded when Hook claws him. He believes he will die, stranded on a rock when the tide is rising, but he views death as "an awfully big adventure". Luckily, a bird allows him to use her nest as a boat, and Peter sails home.
Because he has saved Tiger Lily, the Indians are devoted to him, guarding his home from the next imminent pirate attack. Meanwhile, Wendy begins to fall in love with Peter, at least as a child, and asks Peter what kind of feelings he has for her. Peter says that he is like her faithful son. One day while telling stories to the Lost Boys and her brothers, John and Michael, Wendy recalls her parents and then decides to take them back and return to England. Unfortunately, and unbeknownst to Peter, Wendy and the boys are captured by Captain Hook, who also tries to poison Peter's medicine while the boy is asleep. When Peter awakes, he learns from the fairy Tinker Bell that Wendy has been kidnapped – in an effort to please Wendy, he goes to drink his medicine. Tink does not have time to warn him of the poison, and instead drinks it herself, causing her near death. Tink tells him she could be saved if children believed in fairies. In one of the play's most famous moments, Peter turns to the audience watching the play and begs those who believe in fairies to clap their hands. At this there is usually an explosion of handclapping from the audience, and Tinker Bell is saved.
Peter heads to the ship. On the way, he encounters the ticking crocodile; Peter decides to copy the tick, so any animals will recognise it and leave him unharmed. He does not realise that he is still ticking as he boards the ship, where Hook cowers, mistaking him for the crocodile. While the pirates are searching for the croc, Peter sneaks into the cabin to steal the keys and frees the Lost Boys. When the pirates investigate a noise in the cabin, Peter defeats them. When he finally reveals himself, he and Hook fall to the climactic battle, which Peter easily wins. He kicks Hook into the jaws of the waiting crocodile, and Hook dies with the satisfaction that Peter had literally kicked him off the ship, which Hook considers "bad form". Then Peter takes control of the ship, and sails the seas back to London.
In the end, Wendy decides that her place is at home, much to the joy of her heartsick mother. Wendy then brings all the boys but Peter back to London. Before Wendy and her brothers arrive at their house, Peter flies ahead, to try and bar the window so Wendy will think her mother has forgotten her. But when he learns of Mrs Darling's distress, he bitterly leaves the window open and flies away. Peter returns briefly, and he meets Mrs. Darling, who has agreed to adopt the Lost Boys. She offers to adopt Peter as well, but Peter refuses, afraid they will "catch him and make him a man." It is hinted that Mary Darling knew Peter when she was a girl, because she is left slightly changed when Peter leaves.
Peter promises to return for Wendy every spring. The end of the play finds Wendy looking out through the window and saying into space, "You won't forget to come for me, Peter? Please, please don't forget."
"An Afterthought".
Four years after the premiere of the original production of "Peter Pan", Barrie wrote an additional scene entitled "An Afterthought", later included in the final chapter of "Peter and Wendy". In this scene, Peter returns for Wendy years later, but she is now grown, with a daughter of her own. It is also revealed Wendy married one of the Lost Boys, although this is not mentioned in the novel, and it is never revealed which one she did marry. When Peter learns that Wendy has "betrayed" him by growing up, he is heartbroken until Wendy's daughter Jane agrees to come to Neverland as Peter's new mother. In the novel's last few sentences, Barrie mentions that Jane has grown up, and that Peter now takes her daughter Margaret to Neverland. Barrie says this cycle will go on forever as long as children are "innocent and heartless".
"An Afterthought" is only occasionally used in productions of the play, but it made a poignant conclusion to the musical production starring Mary Martin, and provided the premise for Disney's sequel to their animated adaptation of the story, "Return to Never Land". This epilogue was filmed for the 2003 film but not included in the final version, though a rough cut of the sequence was included as an extra on the DVD of the film.
Characters.
Peter Pan.
Peter Pan is one of the protagonists of the play and the novel. He is described in the novel as a young boy who still has all his first teeth; he wears clothes made of leaves (autumn leaves in the play, skeleton leaves in the novel) and plays the pipes. He is the only boy able to fly without the help of fairy dust. He is afraid of nothing except mothers and growing up. He loves Wendy but can only see her as a mother figure, not a romantic partner. Barrie attributes this to "the riddle of his existence".
The Darling Family.
According to Barrie's description of the Darlings' house, the family lives in Bloomsbury, London.
Major themes.
The play's subtitle "The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up" underscores the primary theme: the conflict between the innocence of childhood and the responsibility of adulthood. Peter has literally chosen not to make the transition from one to the other, and encourages the other children to do the same. However, the opening line of the novel, "All children, except one, grow up", and the conclusion of the story indicates that this wish is unrealistic, and there is an element of tragedy in the alternative.
There is a slight romantic aspect to the story, which is sometimes played down or omitted completely. Wendy's flirtatious desire to kiss Peter, his desire for a mother figure, his conflicting feelings for Wendy, Tiger Lily, and Tinker Bell (each representing different female archetypes), and the symbolism of his fight with Captain Hook (traditionally played by the same actor as Wendy's father), all could possibly hint at a Freudian interpretation (see Oedipus Complex). Most "children's adaptations" of the play, including the 1953 Disney film, omit any romantic themes between Wendy and Peter, but Barrie's 1904 original, his 1911 novelisation of it, the 1954 Mary Martin musical, and the 1924 and 2003 feature films, all at least hint at the romantic elements.
Stage productions.
The original stage production took place at the Duke of York's Theatre, London, on 27 December 1904. It starred Gerald du Maurier as Captain Hook and Mr Darling, and Nina Boucicault as Peter. Members of Peter's Band were Joan Burnett (Tootles), Christine Silver (Nibs), A. W. Baskcomb (Slightly), Alice DuBarry (Curly), Pauline Chase (1st twin), Phyllis Beadon (2nd twin). Besides du Maurier, the pirates were: George Shelton (Smee), Sidney Harcourt (Gentleman Starkey), Charles Trevor (Cookson), Frederick Annerley (Cecco), Hubert Willis (Mullins), James English (Jukes), John Kelt (Noodler). Philip Darwin played Great Big Little Panther, Miriam Nesbitt was Tiger Lily, and Ela Q. May played Liza, (credited ironically as "Author of the Play"). First Pirate was played by Gerald Malvern, Second Pirate by J. Grahame, Black Pirate by S. Spencer, Crocodile by A. Ganker & C. Lawton, and the Ostrich by G. Henson.
Tinker Bell was represented on stage by a darting light "created by a small mirror held in the hand off-stage and reflecting a little circle of light from a powerful lamp" and her voice was a "a collar of bells and two special ones that Barrie brought from Switzerland". However, a Miss "Jane Wren" or "Jenny Wren" was listed among the cast on the programmes of the original productions as playing Tinker Bell: this was meant as a joke that fooled H.M. Inspector of Taxes, who sent her a tax demand.
Cecilia Loftus played Peter in the 1905–1906 production. Pauline Chase took the role from the 1906–07 London season until 1914 while Zena Dare was Peter on tour during most of that period. Jean Forbes-Robertson became a well-known Pan in London in the 1920s and 1930s.
Following the success of his original London production, Charles Frohman mounted a production in New York City in 1905. The 1905 Broadway production starred Maude Adams, who would play the role on and off again for more than a decade and, in the U.S., was the actress most associated in the public's consciousness with the role for the next fifty years. It was produced again in the U.S. by the Civic Repertory Theater in November 1928 and December 1928, in which Eva LeGallienne directed and played the role of Peter Pan. Among musical theatre adaptations, the most successful in the U.S. has been an American musical version first produced on Broadway in 1954 starring Mary Martin, which was later videotaped for television and rebroadcast several times. Martin became the actress most associated with the role in the U.S. for several decades, although Sandy Duncan and Cathy Rigby each later toured extensively in this version and became well known in the role.
It is traditional in productions of "Peter Pan" for Mr. Darling (the children's father) and Captain Hook to be played (or voiced) by the same actor. Although this was originally done simply to make full use of the actor (the characters appear in different sections of the story) with no thematic intent, some critics have perceived a similarity between the two characters as central figures in the lives of the children. It also brings a poignant juxtaposition between Mr. Darling's harmless bluster and Captain Hook's pompous vanity.
Adaptations.
The story of Peter Pan has been a popular one for adaptation into other media. The story and its characters have been used as the basis for a number of motion pictures (live action and animated), stage musicals, television programs, a ballet, and ancillary media and merchandise. The best known of these are the 1953 animated feature film produced by Disney featuring the voice of 15-year-old film actor Bobby Driscoll (one of the first male actors in the title role, which was traditionally played by women); the series of musical productions (and their televised presentations) starring Mary Martin, Sandy Duncan, and Cathy Rigby; and the 2003 live-action feature film produced by P. J. Hogan starring Jeremy Sumpter.
There have been several additions to Peter Pan's story, including the authorised sequel novel "Peter Pan in Scarlet", and the high-profile sequel films "Return to Never Land" and "Hook". Various characters from the story have appeared in other places, especially Tinker Bell as a mascot and character of Disney. The characters are in the public domain in some jurisdictions, leading to unauthorised extensions to the mythos and uses of the characters. Some of these have been controversial, such as a series of prequels by Dave Barry and Ridley Pearson, and "Lost Girls", a sexually explicit graphic novel by Alan Moore and Melinda Gebbie, featuring Wendy Darling and the heroines of "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" and "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland".
Copyright status.
The copyright status of the story of Peter Pan and its characters has been the subject of dispute, particularly as the original version began to enter the public domain in various jurisdictions. In 1929, Barrie gave the copyright to the works featuring Peter Pan to Great Ormond Street Hospital (GOSH), Britain's leading children's hospital, and requested that the value of the gift should never be disclosed; this gift was confirmed in his will. GOSH has exercised these rights internationally to help support the work of the institution.
United Kingdom.
The UK copyright originally expired at the end of 1987 (50 years after Barrie's death), but was revived in 1995 through 31 December 2007 by a directive to harmonise copyright laws within the EU. Meanwhile in 1988, former Prime Minister James Callaghan sponsored a Parliamentary Bill granting a perpetual extension of some of the rights to the work, entitling the hospital to royalties for any performance, publication, or adaptation of the play. This is not a true perpetual copyright, however, as it does not grant the hospital creative control over the use of the material, nor the right to refuse permission to use it. The law also does not cover the Peter Pan section of "The Little White Bird", which pre-dates the play and was not therefore an "adaptation" of it. The exact phrasing is in section 301 of, and Schedule 6 to, the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988:301. The provisions of Schedule 6 have effect for conferring on trustees for the benefit of the Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London, a right to a royalty in respect of the public performance, commercial publication, broadcasting or inclusion in a cable programme service of the play 'Peter Pan' by Sir James Matthew Barrie, or of any adaptation of that work, notwithstanding that copyright in the work expired on 31 December 1987.
United States.
Great Ormond Street Hospital (GOSH) claims that U.S. legislation effective in 1978 and again in 1998, which extended the copyright of the play script published in 1928, gives them copyright over "Peter Pan" in general until 2023, although GOSH acknowledges that the copyright of the novel version, published in 1911, has expired in the United States.
Previously, GOSH's claim of U.S. copyright had been contested by various parties. J. E. Somma sued GOSH to permit the U.S. publication of her sequel "After the Rain, A New Adventure for Peter Pan". GOSH and Somma settled out of court in March 2004, issuing a joint statement in which GOSH stated the work is a valuable contribution to the field of children's literature. Somma characterised her novel – which she had argued was a critique of the original work, rather than a mere derivative of it – as "fair use" of the hospital's "U.S. intellectual property rights". The suit was settled under terms of absolute secrecy. It did not set any legal precedent, however. Disney was a long-time licensee to the animation rights, and cooperated with the hospital when its copyright claim was clear, but in 2004 Disney published Dave Barry's and Ridley Pearson's "Peter and the Starcatchers" in the U.S., the first of several sequels, without permission and without making royalty payments. In 2006, Top Shelf Productions published in the U.S. "Lost Girls", a pornographic graphic novel featuring Wendy Darling, also without permission or royalties.
Other jurisdictions.
The original versions of the play and novel are in the public domain in countries where the term of copyright is 70 years (or less) after the death of the creators. This includes the European Union (except Spain), Australia, Canada (where Somma's book was first published without incident), and most other countries (see list of countries' copyright length). It is out of copyright in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, where copyright lasts 75 years after the author's death.
However, the work is still under copyright in several countries: in Colombia and Spain until 2018, where the applicable term is 80 years after death. (It would also be under copyright in Côte d'Ivoire, Guatemala, and Honduras, but these countries recognise the "rule of the shorter term", which means that the term of the country of origin applies if it is shorter than their local term.)

</doc>
<doc id="18960141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960141" title="Imagine (song)">
Imagine (song)

"Imagine" is a song written and performed by the English musician John Lennon. The best-selling single of his solo career, its lyrics encourage the listener to imagine a world at peace without the barriers of borders or the divisiveness of religions and nationalities, and to consider the possibility that the focus of humanity should be living a life unattached to material possessions.
Lennon and Yoko Ono co-produced the song and album of the same name with Phil Spector. Recording began at Lennon's home studio at Tittenhurst Park, England, in May 1971, with final overdubs taking place at the Record Plant, in New York City, during July. One month after the September release of the LP, Lennon released "Imagine" as a single in the United States; the song peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and the LP reached number one on the UK chart in November, later becoming the most commercially successful and critically acclaimed album of Lennon's solo career. Although not originally released as a single in the United Kingdom, it was released in 1975 to promote a compilation LP and it reached number six in the chart that year. The song has since sold more than 1.6 million copies in the UK; it reached number one following Lennon's death in December 1980.
BMI named "Imagine" one of the 100 most-performed songs of the 20th century. The song ranked number 30 on the Recording Industry Association of America's list of the 365 Songs of the Century bearing the most historical significance. It earned a Grammy Hall of Fame Award and an induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll. A UK survey conducted by the "Guinness World Records British Hit Singles Book" named it the second best single of all time, and "Rolling Stone" ranked it number 3 in their list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time". Since 2005, event organisers have played it just before the New Year's Times Square Ball drops in New York City. Dozens of artists have performed or recorded versions of "Imagine", including Madonna, Stevie Wonder, Joan Baez, Elton John, and Diana Ross. Emeli Sandé recorded a cover for the BBC to use during the end credits montage at the close of the 2012 Summer Olympics coverage in August 2012. "Imagine" subsequently re-entered the UK Top 40, reaching number 18.
Composition and writing.
Several poems from Yoko Ono's 1964 book "Grapefruit" inspired Lennon to write the lyrics for "Imagine"—in particular, one which Capitol Records reproduced on the back cover of the original "Imagine" LP titled "Cloud Piece", reads: "Imagine the clouds dripping, dig a hole in your garden to put them in." Lennon later said the composition "should be credited as a Lennon/Ono song. A lot of it—the lyric and the concept—came from Yoko, but in those days I was a bit more selfish, a bit more macho, and I sort of omitted her contribution, but it was right out of "Grapefruit"." When asked about the song's meaning during a December 1980 interview with David Sheff for "Playboy" magazine, Lennon told Sheff that Dick Gregory had given Ono and him a Christian prayer book, which helped inspire in Lennon what he described as:
With the combined influence of "Cloud Piece" and the prayer book given to him by Gregory, Lennon wrote what author John Blaney described as "a humanistic paean for the people." Blaney wrote, "Lennon contends that global harmony is within our reach, but only if we reject the mechanisms of social control that restrict human potential." In the opinion of Blaney, with "Imagine", Lennon attempted to raise people's awareness of their interaction with the institutions that affect their lives. "Rolling Stone" David Fricke commented: "calls for a unity and equality built upon the complete elimination of modern social order: geopolitical borders, organised religion, [and economic class."
Lennon stated: "'Imagine', which says: 'Imagine that there was no more religion, no more country, no more politics,' is virtually the Communist manifesto, even though I'm not particularly a Communist and I do not belong to any movement." He told "NME": "There is no real Communist state in the world; you must realize that. The Socialism I speak about ... not the way some daft Russian might do it, or the Chinese might do it. That might suit them. Us, we should have a nice ... British Socialism." Ono described the lyrical statement of "Imagine" as "just what John believed: that we are all one country, one world, one people." "Rolling Stone" described its lyrics as "22 lines of graceful, plain-spoken faith in the power of a world, united in purpose, to repair and change itself."
Lennon composed "Imagine" one morning in early 1971, on a Steinway piano, in a bedroom at his Tittenhurst Park estate in Ascot, Berkshire, England. Ono watched as he composed the melody, chord structure and almost all the lyrics, nearly completing the song in one brief writing session. "Imagine" is in the key of C major. Its 4-bar piano introduction begins with a C chord then moves to Cmaj7 before changing to F; the 12-bar verses also follow this chord progression, with their last 4 bars moving from Am/E to Dm and Dm/C, finishing with G, G11 then G7, before resolving back to C. The 8-bar choruses progress from F to G to C, then Cmaj7 and E before ending on E7, a C chord substituted for E7 in the final bar. The 4-bar outro begins with F, then G, before resolving on C. With a duration of 3 minutes and 3 seconds and a time signature of 4/4, the song's tempo falls around 75 beats per minute.
Recording and commercial reception.
Lennon and Ono co-produced the song and album with Phil Spector, who commented on the track: "We knew what we were going to do ... It was going to be John making a political statement, but a very commercial one as well ... I always thought that 'Imagine' was like the national anthem." Lennon described his working arrangement with Ono and Spector: "Phil doesn't arrange or anything like that—and Phil will just sit in the other room and shout comments like, 'Why don't you try this sound' or 'You're not playing the piano too well'... I'll get the initial idea and ... we'll just find a sound from [there."
Recording began at Ascot Sound Studios, Lennon's newly built home studio at Tittenhurst Park, in May 1971, with final overdubs taking place at the Record Plant, in New York City, during July. Relaxed and patient, the sessions began during the late morning, running to just before dinner in the early evening. Lennon taught the musicians the chord progression and a working arrangement for "Imagine", rehearsing the song until he deemed the musicians ready to record. In his attempt to recreate Lennon's desired sound, Spector had some early tapings feature Lennon and Nicky Hopkins playing in different octaves on one piano. He also initially attempted to record the piano part with Lennon playing the white baby grand in the couple's all-white room. However, after having deemed the room's acoustics unsuitable, Spector abandoned the idea in favour of the superior environment of Lennon's home studio. They completed the session in minutes, recording three takes and choosing the second one for release. The finished recording featured Lennon on piano and vocal, Klaus Voormann on bass guitar, Alan White on drums and the Flux Fiddlers on strings.
Issued by Apple Records in the United States in October 1971, "Imagine" became the best-selling single of Lennon's solo career. It peaked at number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100. It reached number 1 in Canada on the "RPM" national singles chart, remaining there for two weeks. Upon its release the song's lyrics upset some religious groups, particularly the line: "Imagine there's no heaven". When asked about the song during one of his final interviews, Lennon said he considered it to be as strong a composition as any he had written with the Beatles. He described the song's meaning and explicated its commercial appeal: "Anti-religious, anti-nationalistic, anti-conventional, anti-capitalistic, but because it is sugarcoated it is accepted ... Now I understand what you have to do. Put your political message across with a little honey." Lennon once told Paul McCartney that "Imagine" was "'Working Class Hero' with sugar on it for conservatives like yourself". On 30 November 1971, the "Imagine" LP reached number one on the UK chart. It became the most commercially successful and critically acclaimed album of Lennon's solo career.
Film and re-releases.
In 1972, Lennon and Ono released an 81-minute film to accompany the "Imagine" album which featured footage of the couple in their home, garden and the recording studio of their Berkshire property at Tittenhurst Park as well as in New York City. A full-length documentary rock video, the film's first scene features a shot of Lennon and Ono walking through a thick fog, arriving at their house as the song "Imagine" begins. Above the front door to their house is a sign that reads: "This Is Not Here", the title of Ono's then New York art show. The next scene shows Lennon sitting at a white grand piano in a dimly lit, all-white room. Ono gradually walks around opening curtains that allow in light, making the room brighter with the song's progression. At the song's conclusion, Ono sits beside Lennon at the piano, and they share a quaint gaze, then a brief kiss.
Several celebrities appeared in the film, including Andy Warhol, Fred Astaire, Jack Palance, Dick Cavett and George Harrison. Derided by critics as "the most expensive home movie of all time", it premiered to an American audience in 1972. In 1986, Zbigniew Rybczyński made a music video for the song, and in 1987, it won both the "Silver Lion" award for Best Clip at Cannes and the Festival Award at the Rio International Film Festival.
Released as a single in the United Kingdom in 1975 in conjunction with the album "Shaved Fish", "Imagine" peaked at number six on the UK Singles Chart. Following Lennon's murder in 1980, the single re-entered the UK chart, reaching number one, where it remained for four weeks in January 1981. "Imagine" was re-released as a single in the UK in 1988, peaking at number 45, and again in 1999, reaching number three. It has sold 1,600,000 copies in the UK as of 2013, making it Lennon's best-selling single. In 1999, on National Poetry Day in the United Kingdom, the BBC announced that listeners had voted "Imagine" Britain's favourite song lyric. In 2003, it reached number 33 as the B-side to a re-release of "Happy Xmas (War Is Over)".
Recognition and criticism.
"Rolling Stone" described "Imagine" as Lennon's "greatest musical gift to the world", praising "the serene melody; the pillowy chord progression; that beckoning, four-note [piano figure". Included in several song polls, in 1999, BMI named it one of the top 100 most-performed songs of the 20th century. Also that year, it received the Grammy Hall of Fame Award and an induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll. Triple J ranked it number 11 on its Hottest 100 of All Time list. "Imagine" ranked number 23 in the list of best-selling singles of all time in the UK, in 2000. In 2002, a UK survey conducted by the "Guinness World Records British Hit Singles Book" ranked it the second best single of all time behind Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody". Gold Radio ranked the song number 3 on its "Gold's greatest 1000 hits" list.
"Rolling Stone" ranked "Imagine" number 3 on its list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time", describing it as "an enduring hymn of solace and promise that has carried us through extreme grief, from the shock of Lennon's own death in 1980 to the unspeakable horror of September 11th. It is now impossible to imagine a world without 'Imagine', and we need it more than he ever dreamed." Despite that sentiment, Clear Channel Communications included the song on its post-9/11 "do not play" list.
On 1 January 2005, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation named "Imagine" the greatest song in the past 100 years as voted by listeners on the show "50 Tracks". The song ranked number 30 on the Recording Industry Association of America's list of the 365 Songs of the Century bearing the most historical significance. Virgin Radio conducted a UK favourite song survey in December 2005, and listeners voted "Imagine" number 1. Australians selected it the greatest song of all time on the Nine Network's "20 to 1" countdown show on 12 September 2006. They voted it eleventh in the youth network Triple J's Hottest 100 Of All Time on 11 July 2009.
Jimmy Carter said, "in many countries around the world—my wife and I have visited about 125 countries—you hear John Lennon's song 'Imagine' used almost equally with national anthems." On 9 October 2010, which would have been Lennon's 70th birthday, the Liverpool Signing Choir performed "Imagine" along with other Lennon songs at the unveiling of the John Lennon Peace Monument in Chavasse Park, Liverpool England. Beatles producer George Martin praised Lennon's solo work, singling out the composition: "My favourite song of all was 'Imagine'". Music critic Paul Du Noyer described "Imagine" as Lennon's "most revered" post-Beatles song. Urish and Bielen called it "the most subversive pop song recorded to achieve classic status." Fricke commented: "'Imagine' is a subtly contentious song, Lennon's greatest combined achievement as a balladeer and agitator."
Authors Ben Urish and Ken Bielen criticised the song's instrumental music as overly sentimental and melodramatic, comparing it to the music of the pre-rock era and describing the vocal melody as understated. According to Blaney, Lennon's lyrics describe hypothetical possibilities that offer no practical solutions; lyrics that are at times nebulous and contradictory, asking the listener to abandon political systems while encouraging one similar to communism. Author Chris Ingham indicated the hypocrisy in Lennon, the millionaire rock star living in a mansion, encouraging listeners to imagine living their lives without possessions. Others argue that Lennon intended the song's lyrics to inspire listeners to imagine if the world "could" live without possessions, not as an explicit call to give them up. Blaney commented: "Lennon knew he had nothing concrete to offer, so instead he offers a dream, a concept to be built upon."
Blaney considered the song to be "riddled with contradictions. Its hymn-like setting sits uncomfortably alongside its author's plea for us to envision a world without religion." Urish and Bielen described Lennon's "dream world" without a heaven or hell as a call to "make the best world we can here and now, since this is all this is or will be." In their opinion, "because we are asked merely to imagine—to play a 'what if' game, Lennon can escape the harshest criticisms". Former Beatle Ringo Starr defended the song's lyrics during a 1981 interview with Barbara Walters, stating: " said 'imagine', that's all. Just imagine it."
Notable performances and cover versions.
In December 1971, Lennon and Ono appeared at the Apollo Theater in Harlem. Lennon performed "Imagine" with an acoustic guitar, yielding the earliest known live recording of the song, later included on the "John Lennon Anthology" (1998). In 1975, he sang "Imagine" during his final public performance, a birthday celebration for Lew Grade.
Elton John performed the song in September 1980 during his free concert in Central Park, a few blocks away from Lennon's apartment in the Dakota building. On 9 December 1980, the day after Lennon's murder, Queen performed "Imagine" as a tribute to him during their Wembley Arena show in London. On 9 October 1990, more than one billion people listened to a broadcast of the song on what would have been Lennon's 50th birthday. Stevie Wonder gave his rendition of the song, with the Morehouse College Glee Club, during the closing ceremony of the 1996 Summer Olympics as a tribute to the victims of the Centennial Olympic Park bombing. In 2001, Neil Young performed it during the benefit concert "". Madonna performed "Imagine" during the benefit, Tsunami Aid: A Concert of Hope.
Since 2005, "Imagine" has been played prior to the New Year's Eve ball drop at New York City's Times Square. Beginning in 2010, the song has been performed live; first by Taio Cruz, then in 2011 by Cee Lo Green, and in 2012 by Train. However, Green received criticism for changing the lyric "and no religion too" to "and all religion's true", resulting in an immediate backlash from fans who believed that he had disrespected Lennon's legacy by changing the lyrics of his most iconic song. Green defended the change by saying it meant to represent "a world you could believe what wanted".
More than 140 artists have recorded cover versions of "Imagine". Joan Baez included it on 1972's "Come from the Shadows" and Diana Ross recorded a version for her 1973 album, "Touch Me in the Morning". In 1995, Blues Traveler recorded the song for the "" album and Dave Matthews has performed the song live with them. A Perfect Circle covered the song for the album "eMOTIVe" released in 2004. A cover version of the song, performed by Italian singer Marco Carta, entered the top 20 in Italy in 2009, peaking at number 13. Seal, Pink, India.Arie, Jeff Beck, Konono Nº1, Oumou Sangaré and others recorded a version for Herbie Hancock's 2010 album "The Imagine Project".
Hancock performed it with Arie, Kristina Train, and Greg Phillinganes at the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize Concert on 11 December. On 13 February 2011, the recording—with Pink, Seal, Malian singer Oumou Sangare India Arie, and Jeff Beck won a Grammy award for Best Pop Vocal Collaboration.
The song was performed as part of the closing ceremony of the 2012 Summer Olympics. Performed by the Liverpool Philharmonic Youth Choir and the Liverpool Signing Choir, the choirs sang the first verse, and accompanied Lennon's original vocals during the rest of the song. A cover performed by Emeli Sandé was also used by the BBC for a closing montage that ended its coverage. "Imagine" subsequently re-entered the UK Top 40, reaching number 18.

</doc>
<doc id="18960158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960158" title="Zapruder film">
Zapruder film

The Zapruder film is a silent, color motion picture sequence shot by private citizen Abraham Zapruder with a home-movie camera, as
U.S. President John F. Kennedy's motorcade passed through Dealey Plaza in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963, thereby inadvertently capturing the President's assassination.
Though not the only film of the shooting, it has been called the most complete, giving a relatively clear view from a somewhat elevated position on the side from which the president's head wound is visible. It was an important part of the Warren Commission hearings and all subsequent investigations of the assassination, and is one of the most studied pieces of film in history. Of greatest notoriety is the film's capture of the fatal shot to President Kennedy's head when his limousine was almost exactly in front of, and slightly below, Zapruder's position.
Creation.
Zapruder stood on a concrete pedestal along Elm Street in Dealey Plaza holding a high-end Model 414 PD Bell & Howell Zoomatic Director Series Camera. He filmed from the time the presidential limousine turned onto Elm Street for a total of 26.6 seconds, exposing 486 frames of standard 8 mm Kodachrome II 8 mm safety film, running at 18.3 frames per second.
After Secret Service agent Forrest Sorrels promised Zapruder that the film would only be used for an official investigation, the two men sought to develop the footage as soon as possible. As television station WFAA's equipment was inadequate, Eastman Kodak's Dallas film processing facility developed the film and Jamieson Film Company produced three copies. Zapruder gave two of the copies to the Secret Service.
Media interest in the footage was so great that CBS's Dan Rather agreed to producer Don Hewitt's order that he go to Zapruder's home, "sock him in the jaw", copy the film, return it, and let the network's lawyers deal with the consequences. After ending their telephone conversation Hewitt realized his mistake and immediately called Rather back to countermand the order. On the morning of November 23, however, CBS lost the bidding for the footage to "Life" magazine's $150,000 offer. Rather was the first to report on the footage on national television after seeing it, although the inaccuracies in his description would contribute to many conspiracy theories about the assassination.
Frame 313 of the film depicts the fatal shot to the President's head. After having a nightmare in which he saw a sign in Times Square read "See the President's head explode!", Zapruder insisted that frame 313 be excluded from publication. The November 29, 1963 issue of "Life"—which featured the "LIFE" logo in a black box instead of the usual red box—published about 30 frames of the Zapruder film in black and white. Frames were also published in color in the December 6, 1963 special "John F. Kennedy Memorial Edition", and in issues dated October 2, 1964 (a special article on the film and the Warren Commission report), November 25, 1966, and November 24, 1967.
The next week, Paris Match published an article (in French) which included several color frames from the Zapruder film. These were in a larger and clearer format than those published in "Life".
Subsequent history.
The Zapruder frames used by the Warren Commission were published in black and white as Commission Exhibit 885 in volume XVIII of the Hearings and Exhibits. Frames of the film have also been published in several magazines, and the film was featured in several movies. Copies of the complete film are available on the Internet.
One of the first-generation Secret Service copies was lent to the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Washington, which made a second-generation copy on November 25. After study of that copy in January 1964, the Warren Commission judged the quality to be inadequate, and requested the original. "Life" brought the original to Washington in February for the Commission's viewing, and also made color 35mm slide enlargements from the relevant frames of the original film for the FBI. From those slides, the FBI made a series of black-and-white prints, which were given to the commission for its use.
In October 1964, the U.S. Government Printing Office released 26 volumes of testimony and evidence compiled by the Warren Commission. Volume 18 of the commission's hearings reproduced 158 frames of the Zapruder film in black and white. However, frames 208–211 were missing, a splice was visible in frames 207 and 212, frames 314 and 315 were switched, and frame 284 was a repeat of 283. In reply to an inquiry, the FBI's J. Edgar Hoover wrote in 1965 that 314 and 315 were switched due to a printing error, and that the error did not exist in the original Warren Commission exhibits. In early 1967, "Life" released a statement that four frames of the camera original (208–211) had been accidentally destroyed, and the adjacent frames damaged, by a "Life" photo lab technician on November 23, 1963. "Life" released the missing frames from the first-generation copy it had received from Zapruder with the original. (Of the Zapruder frames outside the section used in the commission's exhibits, frames 155–157 and 341 were also damaged and spliced out of the camera original, but are present in the first-generation copies.)
In 1966, assassination researcher Josiah Thompson, while working for "Life", was allowed to examine a first-generation copy of the film and a set of color 35mm slides made from the original. He tried to negotiate with "Life" for the rights to print important individual frames in his book, "Six Seconds in Dallas". "Life" refused to approve the use of any of the frames, even after Thompson offered to give all profits from the book sales to "Life." When Thompson's book was published in 1967, it included very detailed charcoal drawings of important individual frames, plus photo reproductions of the four missing frames. Time Inc. filed a lawsuit against Thompson and his publishing company for copyright infringement. A U.S. District Court ruled in 1968 that the Time Inc. copyright of the Zapruder film had not been violated by invoking the doctrine of fair use. The court held that "there is a public interest in having the fullest information available on the murder of President Kennedy. Thompson did serious work on the subject and has a theory entitled to public consideration … t has been found that the copying by defendants was fair and reasonable."
In 1967, "Life" magazine hired a New Jersey film lab, Manhattan Effects, to make a 16 mm film copy of the original Zapruder film. Pleased with the results, they asked for a 35 mm internegative to be made. Mo Weitzman made several internegatives in 1968, giving the best to "Life" and retaining the test copies. Weitzman set up his own optical house and motion picture postproduction facility later that year. Employee and assassination buff Robert Groden, hired in 1969, used one of Weitzman's copies and an optical printer to make versions of the Zapruder film using close-ups and minimizing the camera's shakiness.
Prior to the 1969 trial of New Orleans businessman Clay Shaw for conspiracy in connection with the assassination, a copy of the film several generations from the original was subpoenaed from Time Inc. in 1967 by New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison for use at Shaw's grand jury hearing. Garrison unsuccessfully subpoenaed the original film in 1968. The courtroom showings of Garrison's copy in 1969 were the first time it had been shown in public as a film. Noted conspiracy theorist Mark Lane, author of "Rush to Judgment", was in New Orleans at the time to assist Garrison in his investigation. Lane borrowed Garrison's copy of the Zapruder film and had several copies printed at a local lab. These low quality copies began circulating among assassination researchers and were known to many journalists as well. The underground circulation of these copies and the secret screenings to a select few who had the opportunity to see them added an additional aura of mystery to the film, enhancing the idea that there was a secret to be found in it that was being kept hidden from the general public.
The first broadcast of the Zapruder film was on the late-night television show "Underground News" with Chuck Collins, originating on WSNS-TV, Ch 44, Chicago in 1970. It was given to director Howie Samuelsohn by Penn Jones and later aired in syndication to Philadelphia, Detroit, Kansas City and St. Louis.
On March 6, 1975, on the ABC late-night television show "Good Night America" (hosted by Geraldo Rivera), assassination researchers Robert Groden and Dick Gregory presented the first-ever network television showing of the Zapruder home movie. The public's response and outrage to that television showing quickly led to the forming of the Hart-Schweiker investigation, contributed to the Church Committee Investigation on Intelligence Activities by the United States, and resulted in the House Select Committee on Assassinations investigation.
In April 1975, in settlement of a royalties suit between Time Inc. and Zapruder's heirs that arose from the ABC showing, Time Inc. sold the original film and its copyright back to the Zapruder family for the token sum of $1. Time Inc. wanted to donate the film to the U.S. government. The Zapruder family initially refused to consent, but in 1978 the family transferred the film to the National Archives and Records Administration for appropriate preservation and safe-keeping, while still retaining ownership of the film and its copyright. Director Oliver Stone paid approximately $85,000 to the Zapruder family for use of the Zapruder film in his motion picture "JFK" (1991).
On October 26, 1992, President George H. W. Bush signed into law the John F. Kennedy Records Collection Act of 1992 (the "JFK Act"), which sought to preserve for historical and governmental purposes all records related to the assassination of President Kennedy. The Act created the President John F. Kennedy Assassination Records Collection at the National Archives. The Zapruder film was automatically designated an "assassination record" and therefore became official property of the United States government. When the Zapruder family demanded the return of the original film in 1993 and 1994, National Archives officials refused to comply.
On April 24, 1997, the Assassination Records Review Board, which was created by the JFK Act, announced a "Statement
of Policy and Intent with Regard to the Zapruder Film". The ARRB re-affirmed that the Zapruder Film is an "assassination record" within the meaning of the JFK Act and directed it to be transferred on August 1, 1998 from its present location in NARA's film collection to the John F. Kennedy Assassination Records Collection maintained by NARA. As required by law for such a seizure under eminent domain, payment to Zapruder's heirs was attempted. Because the film is unique, the film's value was difficult to ascertain; eventually, following arbitration with the Zapruder heirs, the government purchased the film in 1999 for $16 million.
The Zapruder family retained copyright to the film, which was not seized. In 1997, the film was digitally replicated and restored under license of the Zapruder family. The 1998 documentary "Image of an Assassination: A New Look at the Zapruder Film" shows the history of the film, as well as various versions of the restored film.
In December 1999, the Zapruder family donated the film's copyright to The Sixth Floor Museum, in the Texas School Book Depository building at Dealey Plaza, along with one of the first-generation copies made on November 22, 1963, and other copies of the film and frame enlargements once held by "Life" magazine, which had been since returned. The Zapruder family no longer retains any commercial rights to the film, which are now entirely controlled by the museum.
The relevant history of the film is covered in a book by David Wrone called "The Zapruder Film: Reframing JFK's Assassination" (2003). Wrone is a professor of history who tracks the "chain of evidence" for the film.
Authenticity.
Zapruder testified before the Warren Commission that the frames published in Commission Exhibit 885 were from the film that he took. Some researchers of the assassination have claimed that three other films of part of the assassination (the Orville Nix, Marie Muchmore and Charles Bronson films), together with numerous still photographs, are inconsistent with the Zapruder film, suggesting that they are fraudulent; some researchers of the assassination have claimed that the extant Zapruder film is not authentic. These claims have been countered.
In 1998, Roland Zavada, a product engineer from Kodak who led the team that invented Kodachrome II, studied the film at the behest of the National Archives and concluded that the film was an “in camera original” and that any alleged alterations were not feasible. Any attempt to create a false "in camera original" by copying Zapruder's film would leave visible artifacts of "image structure constraints of grain; contrast and modulation transfer function losses.…It has no evidence of optical effects or matte work including granularity, edge effects or fringing, [or contrast buildup." -->
The study of the movie.
The Zapruder film frames have been put together into a panoramic movie so that each object appearing during the movie has its starting position equal to where it appears first in Zapruder's frames, gets its position updated during visibility in Zapruder frames and stays unmoved as soon as it becomes not visible anymore in the frames.
The Nix film was applied with the same technology and has been combined into a direct simultaneous comparison movie of the Nix and the Zapruder film.
Between November 1963 and January 1964, the FBI examined a copy of the Zapruder film, noting that the camera recorded at 18.3 frames per second. The first observed shot occurs sometime before frame 170. Governor Connally turns his head sharply from left to right between frames 160 and 170 as if reacting to sound of the shot. The second shot occurs between frames 223 and 224 when Kennedy was visibly hit and puts his hands to his throat. The next recorded shot occurs at frame 313, with the visible effects of the shot to the head.
These images were separated by about 7.8 seconds (143 frames 170 thru 313 at 18.3 frames/sec).
A simultaneous recording on a Dallas Police Department Dictabelt from a microphone stuck in the open position on a motorcycle police officer's radio in the vicinity of the motorcade (since disputed) was later used by the Warren commission to complete the picture of evidence against Lee Harvey Oswald.
Randolph Robertson, a radiologist at Cookeville Regional Medical Center, in a 2013 study using computerized techniques, synchronized the Zapruder film with the sound of shots fired in Dealey Plaza.
The result is an important document, revealing the sequence of events surrounding the shooting of John Kennedy and Governor Connally, and showing the head movements of Jacqueline Kennedy turning from left to right as she hears the shots.
There is also a stabilized high definition version of the Zapruder film synchronized with the Dallas police department audio recording. The version of the Zapruder film used here is the first generation copy that went to France. The video also shows the immediate aftermath on Dealey Plaza and the press conference of JFK's assistant press secretary Malcolm Kilduff.
Dispute over completeness.
The Zapruder film has often been seen as a "complete record of the Kennedy assassination". This view is, however, challenged by Max Holland, author of "The Kennedy Assassination Tapes", and the professional photographer Johann Rush in a joint editorial piece published by "The New York Times" on November 22, 2007. Holland and Rush point out that Zapruder temporarily stopped filming at frame 132, when only police motorcycles were visible. When he resumed filming, frame 133 already shows the presidential motorcade in view. This pause could have great significance for the interpretation of the assassination, Holland and Rush suggest.
One of the sources of controversy with the Warren Report has been its difficulty in satisfactorily accounting for the sequencing of the assassination. There were three shots. A specific mystery concerns what happened to the one shot that missed (and how Oswald came to miss at what was assumed to be close range). Holland and Rush argue that the break in the Zapruder film might conceal a first shot earlier than analysts have hitherto assumed, and point out that in this case a horizontal traffic mast would temporarily have obstructed Oswald's view of his target. In the authors' words, "The film, we realize, does not depict an assassination about to commence. It shows one that had already started."
The evidence offered by Holland and Rush to support their theory was challenged in a series of 2007–08 articles by computer animator Dale K. Myers and assassination researcher Todd W. Vaughan, who defended the prevailing belief that Zapruder's film captured the entire shooting sequence.
Cultural effect.
The film's 1975 broadcast on "Good Night America" ignited widespread public distrust in the findings of the Warren Commission. Perhaps the most controversial effect was the suggestion that an assassin or assassins other than Oswald were involved.
The film has been featured in films or other media, such as the Oliver Stone film "JFK", which used the clearest copy of the film available to the public prior to the late 1990s. For example, after the final shot, Jacqueline Kennedy can be seen mouthing what appears to be the words, "Oh, my God!" A closeup from the portion of the film showing the fatal shot to Kennedy's head is also shown in the Clint Eastwood film "In the Line of Fire".
Some critics have stated that the violence and shock of this home movie led to a new way of representing violence in 1970s American cinema, both in mainstream films, and particularly in indie and underground horror movies.
Actor Freddie Prinze was fascinated by the Zapruder film, and watched it frequently in the time leading up to his 1977 suicide.
In the 2004 revival of Stephen Sondheim's musical "Assassins", the film was projected onto Lee Harvey Oswald's white shirt during the climax of the show.
In 1994, the Zapruder film footage was deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" by the United States Library of Congress and was selected for permanent preservation in the National Film Registry.
Author J. G. Ballard focuses on Kennedy and the Zapruder film in a number of his works, such as "The Atrocity Exhibition".
Abraham Zapruder is sometimes presented as a forefather of all citizen journalists.
In the Don DeLillo novel "Underworld", there is a screening of a bootleg copy of Zapruder film, at which the film is played over and over on multiple televisions at varying speeds.
The music video for Lana Del Rey's single "National Anthem" is a partial re-creation of the Zapruder film.
The Zapruder film, long classified and kept from public viewing for years, has evolved into one of the most viewed films in history, now available on the internet for public access at any moment.
Other films of the assassination.
Films and still photographs by at least 32 photographers in Dealey Plaza at or around the time of the shooting are known, including: F. Mark Bell, Charles Bronson (not the actor of the same name), Malcolm Couch, Elsie Dorman, Robert J. E. Hughes, John Martin, Charles Mentesana, Marie Muchmore, Orville Nix, Patsy Paschall, and Tina Towner, along with the "Babushka lady", who was never identified, though Beverly Oliver, a former dancer with connections to Jack Ruby, later claimed to have been the woman. The films by Orville Nix, Marie Muchmore, and Charles Bronson depict the fatal head shot seen in the Zapruder film, and the films of Bronson and Hughes show the open sixth floor window of the Texas School Book Depository.
On February 19, 2007, a film shot by George Jefferies was released. The color 8 mm film, taken on Main Street in Dallas approximately 90 seconds before the shooting, has the best view of Jackie Kennedy in the motorcade and the positions of the Secret Service agents before the shooting.

</doc>
<doc id="18960159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960159" title="Giovanni Pandico">
Giovanni Pandico

Giovanni Pandico (born June 24, 1944) is a former Italian Camorrista who was a member of the Nuova Camorra Organizzata (NCO), a Camorra organization in Naples. Pandico rose to become one of Camorra boss, Raffaele Cutolo's underwriters within the organization. After twelve years of imprisonment, he decided to collaborate with Italian justice and subsequently became a pentito in 1983. Pandico's revelations brought a massive crackdown on the NCO and led to the arrests of over 856 NCO members and affiliates on June 17, 1983, a day labeled by the Neapolitan press as the black day of the NCO. 
Biography.
Early years.
Giovanni Pandico was born in Sassari, Sardinia, where his father was a lieutenant in the Italian army. Leaving Italy shortly after the Second World War, his mother brought him to Liveri, another small town on the outskirts of Naples where his Greek grandfather had first taken up residence. During one of his first days on the witness stand, Pandico commented on his Greek roots: ""My family has Greek origins and in Greek, Pandicos means the just man"" By the age of 15, Pandico was already familiar with juvenile hall, having spent some years inside the Filangieri, the Neapolitan juvenile detention centre. At the age of 19, he was arrested for attempting to bomb the barracks of the Carabinieri and thus incarcerated in the infamous Poggioreale prison of Naples. 
It was during this period that he met prominent Camorrista and head of the NCO, Raffaele Cutolo. According to his later testimony in the courtroom, Pandico was initiated into the Camorra by Cutolo on December 8, 1963, by the classical ritual of blood baptism: a small cut on the base of the index finger of the right hand. Later, in a letter to Cutolo, he would recall the event as ""our first camorristic dawn with all our splendor."" 
Pandico was eventually acquitted of the bombing charges and released from prison. While living in freedom, he survived on odd, low paying jobs and was occasionally sent back to the Poggioreale prison for minor offenses. During one of his prison terms, he was reunited with Giorgio Della Pietra, another native of Liveri, who was serving a 24 year prison term for murder. It was during his stay with Della Pietra that Pandico came to the conclusion that it was his own father and mother, together with the mayor of Liveri, Nicola Nappi and his brother Salvatore, who had conspired to have Della Pietra convicted of the murder of another brother of the mayor, Michele Nappi, on April 3, 1956. 
Assassination attempt on Mayor Nicola Nappi.
Pandico was inclined by this piece of information to seek revenge on the people responsible for his friend's incarceration. On June 18, 1970, two days after his release from prison, he went to city hall with the intention to kill the mayor, Nicola Nappi. In his rampage through the corridors of the city hall, he first killed Giuseppe Gaetano, a city supervisor who tried to block him. He then proceeded to shoot and kill Guido Adrianopoli, a clerk who had appeared in the corridor to see what was going on. Finally, he shot and wounded the mayor and employee, Pasquale Scola, who were both trying to find some protection in the mayor's desk. 
Pandico was arrested the following day and immediately confessed to the crime. He stated that he wanted to get even with the mayor, the mayor's brother Salvatore, and his own mother and father who had testified in the criminal trial against his friend, Giorgio Della Pietra. However, he later changed his mind and declared that Mayor Nappi had put a contract on Giuseppe Gaetano. He claimed that Gaetano was blackmailing the mayor and that Nappi arranged to be wounded in order to confuse the reconstruction of the crime and thereby, distance himself from the murder. After a brief psychiatric examination which had cleared Pandico to stand trial, he was defined as a ""pure paranoid individual, able however to understand very well his own situation."" As a result, he was convicted of multiple murder, multiple attempted murder and lying with malice by the judges of the Corte d'Assise in Naples, and sentenced to 30 years of imprisonment, in total. He had been sentenced to three years of imprisonment for a slander charge in 1973.
Career in the NCO.
In prison, Pandico increased his knowledge by voraciously reading written documents, particularly legal papers, and soon began helping other inmates in their dealing with the law. Thus, he soon developed a prodigious career in the mostly illiterate Neapolitan prison system. He was soon transferred to the prison of Porto Azzurro, where he was hired by the prison administration to help other inmates write personal letters, appeals to judges and other bureaucratic letters. Later, he was again transferred to the prison of Ascoli Piceno, which was a traditional stronghold of Raffaele Cutolo's NCO. He was moved to a cell next to Cutolo and assisted the crime boss in his daily routine, which included making coffee for him, serving food, but above all, he wrote letter's on Cutolo's behalf, using a stamp with Cutolo's signature. 
Pandico's new status of "scrivano" (writer) coupled with his close contact and relationship with the boss greatly boosted his prestige and standing within the organization. He had now gained a reputation as a ""man of honor"." However, Pandico was increasingly at odds with the younger, more determined members of the NCO who despised him due to his arrogance and his desire to always know everything. It was only Cutolo's vested interest in Pandico that prevented any violence against him. 
Becoming a Pentito.
However, things would later change dramatically for Giovanni Pandico when, following the scandal of the Cirillo affair, President Sandro Pertini personally intervened to have Cutolo transferred to the high security prison on the island of Asinara, Sardinia. Pandico realized that the younger leaders of the organization would never give him the respect that he wanted. After attempting unsuccessfully to improve his position by meeting with the NCO leadership, he asked the prison administration to put him in isolation. Two days later, on March 21, 1983, Pandico summoned the warden and announced his desire to defect from the NCO and cooperate with the authorities. Pandico also claimed to be a godfather and senior figure in the NCO. 
Giovanni Pandico's decision to become a pentito was received as a big surprise by the Italian law enforcement agencies. This was because although he had spent the past twelve years in prison, he had never come under suspiscion as being a member of the NCO. Pandico soon proved to be one of the most important pentiti to ever be involved in the Maxi Trial against the NCO. He was the second senior member of the NCO to turn informant, the first being Pasquale Barra, who realizing that Cutolo was prepared to let him be killed, decided to reveal details of NCO murders in order to gain greater protection. A week after announcing his decision, he was flown via helicopter to the Neapolitan Operative Center of the Carabinieri, where his visit was eagerly awaited by the prosecuting attorneys, Lucio Di Pietro and Felice Di Persia.
In his confession to the two district attorneys, Pandico presented himself as the betrayed man and expressed his disillusion in the organization:
By this time, Pandico also held his former boss and mentor, Raffaele Cutolo, responsible for his problems and the general situation. In an open letter to Cutolo which was published in a Naples daily paper, he said: ""When you will be left alone, when all the camorristic people will have deserted you, you will take off your mask. Maybe only to breathe some fresh air. Otherwise you will end up choked by all these dead men who will scream at you: for what we have died?"" 
After more than a week of interrogation and 300 pages of deposition, Pandico was identified as a true pentito. His deposition was released to the press two months later on June, at the time of the crackdown against the NCO, as the most significant evidence behind the arrests of 200 individuals. Overall, more than 1,000 would later be indicted for the crime of association with a ""Mafia-like organization"" called the Nuova Camorra Organizzata. The resulting Maxi trials lasted three years and required the participation of nine different judges and scores of legal clerks, attorneys, witnesses and military policemen. Pandico was also sentenced to two years of imprisonment, for slander charges against prison staff, by the Tribunal of Livorno in 1984.
Testifying against his former colleagues.
From April 10, 1985 to April 15, 1985, Pandico took the stand and provided an unchalleged five day testimony against his former associates and provided evidence for the crime of association in the NCO against many defendants. After his first testimony, he had come to be perceived as the most reliable of the pentiti by both the press as well as law enforcement agencies. The Italian newspapers dubbed him ""The Supercomputer"", due to his extraordinary memory and were scrambling to cover the new wealth of information that he had produced in the courtroom.
On the second day of his testimony, Pandico reminisced about the actions of one of his own Camorristic godsons, Alfredo Guarnieri. Pandico testified that during this time when he and Guarnieri had shared the same cell, the latter had asked to be admitted into the NCO. Prior to an induction, an initiate had to prove his courage by executing a "sgarro", a test of personal violence needed by any member to fully become a Camorrista. Pandico agreed to this initiation and asked Guarnieri to murder his own sister-in-law, whom he deemed gulity of betraying the family honor after the death of his brother. Moreover, he wanted her head cut off in an almost surgically precise way in order to create a cover up, and put on the grave of his brother. 
However, Guarnieri did not possess the necessary skill for the operation. Therefore, Pandico decided to teach him how to decapitate a person by showing him how to behead rabbits. He brought a dozen rabbits from the prison's canteen and with a sharpened spoon demonstrated how to sever their heads. He gave the novice some rabbits to practise on and when he became completely certain that Guarnieri knew the proper decapitation techniques, he sent him to behead his sister-in-law. This murder was never accomplished. The judges, lawyers, and audience reacted to Pandico's story with a mixed reaction of interest, shock, horror and bemused curiosity. 
Among his many other important revelations was the claim that Italian businessman, and former SISMI officer, Francesco Pazienza had met the failed Turkish assassin, Mehmet Ali Ağca, in his prison cell at Rome's Ascoli Piceno. This claim was also made by Ağca himself in his trial. From his New York prison, Pazienza denied ever having visited Ağca.
In the first set of trials resulting from the 1983 crackdown, Pandico's testimony along with those of many other pentiti such as Pasquale Barra, Giovanni Melluso and Luigi Riccio were found reliable and convincing enough to become a significant factor in the convictions of more than 800 defendants. However, many of Pandico's accusations were later proven to be unfounded, and several of the convicted defendants were released. In a separate trial in Salerno in which Pandico was called to testify, the prosecuting magistrate stated that ""Pandico's repentance was one of his many opportunities to show off his histrionic personality made up of mystifications, ample but void gestures, bickering accusations and lies.
False testimony against Enzo Tortora.
Giovanni Pandico was one of the eight former NCO pentiti who falsely accused the popular TV anchorman Enzo Tortora of NCO membership and cocaine trafficking. He mentioned Tortora's name while examining the lists of the members of the NCO. He claimed to have received this information directly from Raffaele Cutolo, in the course of a discussion which was supposedly carried out in the Ascoli Piceno prison during the second half of 1981. Pandico underlined that Tortora's task within the organization was that of selling the drugs and taking the money abroad. 
He claimed that Tortora was mentioned accidentally while discussing a stock of drugs, when Cutolo allegedly said: ""let's not behave like Tortora", "the one with the parrot"." However, Cutolo would have been referring to a misdeed committed by Tortora, that is, a stock of drugs worth 50 or 60 millions of lire which he was in debt of with the organization and especially with Barbaro and Alcamo, a stock which Tortora had supposedly sold but not paid to the NCO during the years between 1977 and 1978. Tortora was detained for years before being cleared of the charge by an appeals court. He developed cancer and died soon after the case was finally solved, some say because of the emotional stress of his imprisonment.

</doc>
<doc id="18960163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960163" title="Puerto Pirámides">
Puerto Pirámides

Puerto Pirámides is an Argentine town in Biedma Department, Province of Chubut. Its population as of the was 429 inhabitants. It is the only town on the Valdes Peninsula. It began in 1898 when the inland salinas were exploited for salt.
One of six nature reserves along Península Valdés, the Punta Pirámide reserve was established in 1974. The only town in Península Valdés, Puerto Pirámides became one of the premier whale watching destinations in the world; the municipality has six hotels, 15 lodges and two campgrounds.
History.
Originally inhabited by the Tehuelche people, attempts around 1800 to take control of the area on the part of Spanish and "Criollo" colonists resulted in a routing by the headstrong Tehuelches. In 1898, Buenos Aires developer Antonio Muno ventured into the exploitation of the area's considerable salt mines, for which he obtained permission to build a rail line and other facilities in 1900. Opting for the calm waters of the Golfo Nuevo, he christened the new settlement "Puerto Pirámides" for the numerous pyramid-shaped cliffs that overlook the inlet.
The disruption of international trade during World War I, however, caused the temporary collapse of the salt market and the closure of the local salt mines. Following bankruptcy proceedings, Muno was forced to cede his share of the land to one of his partners, Alejandro Ferro, who kept the area as a semi-private haven until the Province of Chubut expropriated it in 1958.
The inlet was the scene of an as-yet unexplained series of submarine incidents during 1958 to 1960, though afterward, the tiny hamlet drew little interest; tourists preferred nearby Golfo San Jorge, where whale watching was better. During a survey of the area in 1972, famed oceanographer Jacques Cousteau observed that calving southern right whale mothers in a Golfo Nuevo location near Puerto Pirámides had little interest in raising offspring there, despite preferring to give birth at the site. When local entrepreneurs launched the first tourist expeditions later that year, however, calving whales began to stay year-round.

</doc>
<doc id="18960170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960170" title="Foo Tye Sin">
Foo Tye Sin

Foo Tye Sin was a Justice of the Peace and an influential community leader of 19th century. Penang born Foo Tye Sin, a British subject, was a Hakka tin miner who could trace his ancestry to the Yong Ting District, Ting Chou Prefecture, Fujian Province. He was educated at St. Xavier's Institution and the Penang Free School. Tye Sin Street （四条路), or Lebuh Tye Sin as it is now known as, is named after him.
Disturbances at Pinang and Larut.
He was involved in events leading up to the signing of the Pangkor Treaty that would end the ten year Larut Wars. His services were often called for in arbitration proceedings between the Hai San and Ghee Hin societies involved in the Larut Wars. Foo Tye Sin was one of three Chinese considered respectable enough to sit on the commission of inquiry into the 1867 Penang riots. He was the only non-partisan Chinese at a ceasefire conference called by Lt. Governor Anson at the height of the Larut war, even though he was, according to CS Wong, "...overtly and independent, but covertly a Hai San sympathiser." Foo Tye Sin and Ong Boon Teik were creditors of Ngah Ibrahim the Mantri of Larut. In early 1872, Foo Tye Sin and Ong Boon Teik sued Ngah Ibrahim.
Tye Sin Tat & Co..
Foo Tye Sin and Koh Seang Tat, a descendant of Koh Lay Huan, the first Kapitan China of Penang, were business partners in the firm of Tye Sin Tat & Co., ships' chandlers, which was located at Beach Street. They were, together, two of the three Chinese Justices of the Peace in 1874."
The Penang Khean Guan Insurance Company (1886).
He was a founder and member of the Board of Directors of the Penang Khean Guan Insurance Company. The board was composed thus:
Pitt Street Kong Hock Temple (1887).
Together with Khaw Boo Aun (also spelt Koh Boo Aun, Khoo Thean Teik and Cheah Tek Soon, He was made a trustee of the Pitt Street Kong Hock Temple in 1887, with the power to appoint and remove monks.
Penang Po Leung Kuk (1889).
Along with Koh Seang Tat, Khaw Sim Bee, Ong Boon Teik and Ong Beng Teik, he was a founder of The Penang Po Leung Kuk (1889).
Foo Tye Sin Mansion.
Foo Tye Sin's mansion was one of the first non-European mansions to be erected along Light Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18960191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960191" title="Marcial del Adalid y Gurréa">
Marcial del Adalid y Gurréa

Marcial del Adalid y Gurréa (24 August 1826 – 16 October 1881) was a Spanish composer. He studied music in London between 1840 and 1844 with Ignaz Moscheles and it is possible that he also studied with Chopin in Paris. Both men had an impact on the style and form of his musical compositions. After finishing his studies, Adalid y Gurréa returned to Spain where he lived in A Coruña and later Madrid. Highly influenced by lieder, his most important compositions were vocal art songs and songs for the piano. A particularly fine example of his work is his 1877 composition "Cantares nuevos y viejos de Galicia" where he successfully blended the folklore of Galicia with the technique and spirit of Romantic piano music. He also composed one opera "Inese e Bianca", which was never staged. In addition to composing, Adalid y Gurréa spent much of his time teaching music courses and organizing music competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="18960192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960192" title="Parody">
Parody

A parody (; also called spoof, send-up, take-off or lampoon), in current use, is an imitative work created to mock, comment on or trivialize an original work, its subject, author, style, or some other target, by means of satiric or ironic imitation. As the literary theorist Linda Hutcheon puts it, "parody … is imitation, not always at the expense of the parodied text." Another critic, Simon Dentith, defines parody as "any cultural practice which provides a relatively polemical allusive imitation of another cultural production or practice."
Parody may be found in art or culture, including literature, music (although "parody" in music has an earlier, somewhat different meaning than for other art forms), animation, gaming and film.
The writer and critic John Gross observes in his "Oxford Book of Parodies", that parody seems to flourish on territory somewhere between pastiche ("a composition in another artist's manner, without satirical intent") and burlesque (which "fools around with the material of high literature and adapts it to low ends"). Historically, when a formula grows tired, like in the case of moralistic melodramas in the 1910s, it retains value only as a parody, as in the case of Buster Keaton shorts that mocked it.
In his 1960 anthology of parody from the 14th through 20th centuries, critic Dwight Macdonald offered the general definition "Parody is making a new wine that tastes like the old but has a slightly lethal effect."
Origins.
According to Aristotle ("Poetics", ii. 5), Hegemon of Thasos was the inventor of a kind of parody; by slightly altering the wording in well-known poems he transformed the sublime into the ridiculous. In ancient Greek literature, a "parodia" was a narrative poem imitating the style and prosody of epics "but treating light, satirical or mock-heroic subjects". Indeed, the apparent Greek roots of the word are "para-" (which can mean "beside", "counter", or "against") and "-ode" ("song", as in an ode). Thus, the original Greek word "parodia" has sometimes been taken to mean "counter-song", an imitation that is set against the original. The "Oxford English Dictionary", for example, defines parody as imitation "turned as to produce a ridiculous effect". Because "par-" also has the non-antagonistic meaning of "beside", "there is nothing in "parodia" to necessitate the inclusion of a concept of ridickule". Old Comedy contained parody, even the Gods could be made fun of. The Frogs portrays the hero-turned-god Heracles as a Glutton and the God of Drama Dionysus as cowardly and unintelligent. The traditional trip to the Underworld story is parodied as Dionysus dresses as Heracles to go to the Underworld, in an attempt to bring back a Poet to save Athens.
Roman writers explained parody as an imitation of one poet by another for humorous effect. In French Neoclassical literature, "parody" was also a type of poem where one work imitates the style of another to produce a humorous effect. The Ancient Greeks created satyr plays which parodied tragic plays, often with performers dressed like satyrs.
Music.
In classical music, as a technical term, "parody" refers to a reworking of one kind of composition into another (for example, a motet into a keyboard work as Girolamo Cavazzoni, Antonio de Cabezón, and Alonso Mudarra all did to Josquin des Prez motets). More commonly, a parody mass ("missa parodia") or an oratorio used extensive quotation from other vocal works such as motets or cantatas; Victoria, Palestrina, Lassus, and other notable composers of the 16th century used this technique. The term is also sometimes applied to procedures common in the Baroque period, such as when Bach reworks music from cantatas in his "Christmas Oratorio".
The musicological definition of the term "parody" has now generally been supplanted by a more general meaning of the word. In its more contemporary usage, musical parody usually has humorous, even satirical intent, in which familiar musical ideas or lyrics are lifted into a different, often incongruous, context. Musical parodies may imitate or refer to the peculiar style of a composer or artist, or even a general style of music. For example, "The Ritz Roll and Rock", a song and dance number performed by Fred Astaire in the movie "Silk Stockings", parodies the Rock and Roll genre. Similarly, some YouTube parodies, such as those of The Key of Awesome or The Lonely Island, are based on an artist's style rather than any particular tune.
English term.
The first usage of the word "parody" in English cited in the "Oxford English Dictionary" is in Ben Jonson, in "Every Man in His Humour" in 1598: "A Parodie, a parodie! to make it absurder than it was." The next notable citation comes from John Dryden in 1693, who also appended an explanation, suggesting that the word was in common use, meaning to make fun of or re-create what you are doing.
A parody (pronounced /ˈpærədiː/; also called send-up or spoof), in contemporary usage, is a work created to mock, comment on, or poke fun at an original work, its subject, author, style, or some other target, by means of humorous, satiric or ironic imitation.
Modernist and post-modernist parody.
In the 20th century, parody has been heightened as the central and most representative artistic device, the catalysing agent of artistic creation and innovation. This most prominently happened in the second half of the century with postmodernism, but earlier modernism and Russian formalism had anticipated this perspective. For the Russian formalists, parody was a way of liberation from the background text that enables to produce new and autonomous artistic forms.
Jorge Luis Borges's (1939) short story "Pierre Menard, Author of the Quixote", is often regarded as predicting postmodernism and conceiving the ideal of the ultimate parody. In the broader sense of Greek "parodia", parody can occur when whole elements of one work are lifted out of their context and reused, not necessarily to be ridiculed. Traditional definitions of parody usually only discuss parody in the stricter sense of something intended to ridicule the text it parodies. There is also a broader, extended sense of parody that may not include ridicule, and may be based on many other uses and intentions. The broader sense of parody, parody done with intent other than ridicule, has become prevalent in the modern parody of the 20th century. In the extended sense, the modern parody does not target the parodied text, but instead uses it as a weapon to target something else. The reason for the prevalence of the extended, recontextualizing type of parody in the 20th century is that artists have sought to connect with the past while registering differences brought by modernity. Major modernist examples of this recontextualizing parody include James Joyce's "Ulysses", which incorporates elements of Homer's "Odyssey" in a 20th-century Irish context, and T. S. Eliot's "The Waste Land", which incorporates and recontextualizes elements of a vast range of prior texts, including Dante's "The Inferno". The work of Andy Warhol is another prominent example of the modern "recontextualizing" parody. According to French literary theorist Gérard Genette, the most rigorous and elegant form of parody is also the most economical, that is a "minimal parody", the one that literally reprises a known text and gives it a new meaning.
Blank parody, in which an artist takes the skeletal form of an art work and places it in a new context without ridiculing it, is common. Pastiche is a closely related genre, and parody can also occur when characters or settings belonging to one work are used in a humorous or ironic way in another, such as the transformation of minor characters Rosencrantz and Guildenstern from Shakespeare's drama Hamlet into the principal characters in a comedic perspective on the same events in the play (and film) "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead". In Flann O'Brien's novel "At Swim-Two-Birds", for example, mad King Sweeney, Finn MacCool, a pookah, and an assortment of cowboys all assemble in an inn in Dublin: the mixture of mythic characters, characters from genre fiction, and a quotidian setting combine for a humor that is not directed at any of the characters or their authors. This combination of established and identifiable characters in a new setting is not the same as the post-modernist habit of using historical characters in fiction out of context to provide a metaphoric element.
Reputation.
Sometimes the reputation of a parody outlasts the reputation of what is being parodied. For example, "Don Quixote", which mocks the traditional knight errant tales, is much better known than the novel that inspired it, "Amadis de Gaula" (although Amadis is mentioned in the book). Another notable case is the novel "Shamela" by Henry Fielding (1742), which was a parody of the gloomy epistolary novel "Pamela, or Virtue Rewarded" (1740) by Samuel Richardson. Many of Lewis Carroll's parodies of Victorian didactic verse for children, such as "You Are Old, Father William", are much better known than the (largely forgotten) originals. Stella Gibbons's comic novel "Cold Comfort Farm" has eclipsed the pastoral novels of Mary Webb which largely inspired it.
In more recent times, the television sitcom Allo 'Allo!" is perhaps better known than the drama "Secret Army" which it parodies.
Some artists carve out careers by making parodies. One of the best-known examples is that of "Weird Al" Yankovic. His career of parodying other musical acts and their songs has outlasted many of the artists or bands he has parodied. Yankovic is not required under law to get permission to parody; as a personal rule, however, he does seek permission to parody a person's song before recording it. Several artists, such as rapper Chamillionaire and Seattle-based grunge band Nirvana stated that Yankovic's parodies of their respective songs were excellent, and many artists have considered being parodied by him to be a badge of honor.
In the US legal system the point that in most cases a parody of a work constitutes fair use was upheld in the case of Rick Dees, who decided to use 29 seconds of the music from the song "When Sonny Gets Blue" to parody Johnny Mathis' singing style even after being refused permission. An appeals court upheld the trial court's decision that this type of parody represents fair use. "Fisher v. Dees" 794 F.2d 432 (9th Cir. 1986)
Film parodies.
Some genre theorists, following Bakhtin, see parody as a natural development in the life cycle of any genre; this idea has proven especially fruitful for genre film theorists. Such theorists note that Western movies, for example, after the classic stage defined the conventions of the genre, underwent a parody stage, in which those same conventions were ridiculed and critiqued. Because audiences had seen these classic Westerns, they had expectations for any new Westerns, and when these expectations were inverted, the audience laughed.
Perhaps the earliest parody was the 1922 "Mud and Sand", a Stan Laurel film that made fun of Rudolph Valentino's film "Blood and Sand". Laurel specialized in parodies in the mid-1920s, writing and acting in a number of them. Some were send-ups of popular films, such as "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde"—parodied in the comic "Dr. Pyckle and Mr. Pryde" (1926). Others were spoofs of Broadway plays, such as "No, No, Nanette" (1925), parodied as "Yes, Yes, Nanette" (1925). In 1940 Charlie Chaplin created a satirical comedy about Adolf Hitler with the film "The Great Dictator", following the first-ever Hollywood parody of the Nazis, the Three Stooges' short subject "You Nazty Spy!".
About 20 years later Mel Brooks started his career with a Hitler parody as well. After "The Producers" (1968), Brooks became one of the most famous film parodists and did spoofs on any kind of film genre. "Blazing Saddles" (1974) is a parody of western films and "Spaceballs" (1987) is a Star Wars spoof.
The British comedy group Monty Python is also famous for its parodies, for example, the King Arthur spoof "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" (1974), and the Jesus satire "Life of Brian" (1979). In the 1980s there came another team of parodists including David Zucker, Jim Abrahams and Jerry Zucker. Their most popular films are the "Airplane!", "Hot Shots!" and "Naked Gun" series. There is a 1989 film parody from Spain of the TV series "The A-Team" called "El equipo Aahhgg" directed by José Truchado.
More recently, parodies have taken on whole film genres at once. One of the first was the "Scary Movie" franchise. Other recent genre parodies include "Not Another Teen Movie", "Date Movie", "Epic Movie", "Meet the Spartans", "Disaster Movie", and "Vampires Suck", all of which have been critically panned.
Self-parody.
A subset of parody is "self-parody" in which artists parody their own work (as in Ricky Gervais's "Extras") or notable distinctions of their work (such as Antonio Banderas's Puss in Boots in the "Shrek" sequels) or an artist or genre repeats elements of earlier works to the point that originality is lost.
Copyright issues.
United States.
Although a parody can be considered a derivative work under United States Copyright Law, it can be protected from claims by the copyright owner of the original work under the fair use doctrine, which is codified in . The Supreme Court of the United States stated that parody "is the use of some elements of a prior author's composition to create a new one that, at least in part, comments on that author's works". That commentary function provides some justification for use of the older work. See "Campbell v. Acuff-Rose Music, Inc."
In 2007, the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals denied a fair use defense in the "Dr. Seuss Enterprises v. Penguin Books" case. Citing the "Campbell v. Acuff-Rose" decision, they found that a satire of the O.J. Simpson murder trial and parody of "The Cat in the Hat" had infringed upon the children's book because it did not provide a commentary function upon that work.
In 2001, the United States Court of Appeals, 11th Circuit, in "Suntrust v. Houghton Mifflin", upheld the right of Alice Randall to publish a parody of "Gone with the Wind" called "The Wind Done Gone", which told the same story from the point of view of Scarlett O'Hara's slaves, who were glad to be rid of her.
Canada.
Under Canadian law, although there is protection for Fair Dealing, there is no explicit protection for parody and satire. In "Canwest v. Horizon", the publisher of the Vancouver Sun launched a lawsuit against a group which had published a pro-Palestinian parody of the paper. Alan Donaldson, the judge in the case, ruled that parody is not a defence to a copyright claim.
United Kingdom.
Under existing copyright legislation (principally the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988), "There is currently no exception which covers the creation of parodies, caricatures or pastiches". Parodies of works protected by copyright require the consent or permission of the copyright owner, unless they fall under existing fair use/fair dealing exceptions:
In 2006 the "Gowers Review of Intellectual Property" recommended that the UK should "create an exception to copyright for the purpose of caricature, parody or pastiche by 2008". Following the first stage of a two-part public consultation, the Intellectual Property Office reported that the information received "was not sufficient to persuade us that the advantages of a new parody exception were sufficient to override the disadvantages to the creators and owners of the underlying work. There is therefore no proposal to change the current approach to parody, caricature and pastiche in the UK."
However, following the Hargreaves Review in May 2011 (which made similar proposals to the Gowers Review) the Government has accepted these proposals broadly. A draft bill implementing, among other things, a Parody exception, is currently undergoing its second reading in the House of Commons.
Social and political uses.
Parody is a frequent ingredient in satire and is often used to make social and political points. Examples include Swift's "A Modest Proposal", which satirized English neglect of Ireland by parodying emotionally disengaged political tracts; and, recently, "The Daily Show" and "The Colbert Report", which parody a news broadcast and a talk show to satirize political and social trends and events.
On the other hand, the writer and frequent parodist Vladimir Nabokov made a distinction: "Satire is a lesson, parody is a game."
Some events, such as a national tragedy, can be difficult to handle. Chet Clem, Editorial Manager of the news parody publication "The Onion", told "Wikinews" in an interview the questions that are raised when addressing difficult topics:
Parody is by no means necessarily satirical, and may sometimes be done with respect and appreciation of the subject involved, without being a heedless sarcastic attack.
Parody has also been used to facilitate dialogue between cultures or subcultures. Sociolinguist Mary Louise Pratt identifies parody as one of the "arts of the contact zone", through which marginalized or oppressed groups "selectively appropriate", or imitate and take over, aspects of more empowered cultures.
Shakespeare often uses a series of parodies to convey his meaning. In the social context of his era, an example can be seen in "King Lear" where the fool is introduced with his coxcomb to be a parody of the king.
External links.
French Parody : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3PfNkdcHLg

</doc>
<doc id="18960199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960199" title="Dance of the Headless Bourgeoisie">
Dance of the Headless Bourgeoisie

Dance of the Headless Bourgeoisie is the eighth full-length album released by Nomeansno.
Track listing.
The songs "Youth" and "Life Like" were originally only available on the Alternative Tentacles double vinyl album, before "One Fine Day." They have been added to the Wrong Records/Southern 2004 CD reissue in the order above, and the back and front covers have been switched back around to where they were originally intended to be.

</doc>
<doc id="18960210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960210" title="Plagiarism">
Plagiarism

Plagiarism is the "wrongful appropriation" and "purloining and publication" of another author's "language, thoughts, ideas, or expressions," and the representation of them as one's own original work. The idea remains problematic with unclear definitions and unclear rules. The modern concept of plagiarism as immoral and originality as an ideal emerged in Europe only in the 18th century, particularly with the Romantic movement.
Plagiarism is considered academic dishonesty and a breach of journalistic ethics. It is subject to sanctions like expulsion.
Plagiarism is not a crime "per se" but in academia and industry it is a serious ethical offense, and cases of plagiarism can constitute copyright infringement.
Etymology.
In the 1st century. the use of the Latin word "plagiarius" (literally "kidnapper"), to denote someone stealing someone else's work, was pioneered by Roman poet Martial, who complained that another poet had "kidnapped his verses." This use of the word was introduced into English in 1601 by dramatist Ben Jonson, to describe as a "plagiary" someone guilty of literary theft.
The derived form "plagiarism" was introduced into English around 1620. The Latin "plagiārius", "kidnapper", and "plagium", "kidnapping", has the root "plaga" ("snare", "net"), based on the Indo-European root "*-plak", "to weave" (seen for instance in Greek "plekein", Bulgarian "плета" "pleta", Latin "plectere", all meaning "to weave").
Legal aspects.
Although plagiarism in some contexts is considered theft or stealing, the concept does not exist in a legal sense. "Plagiarism" is not mentioned in any current statute, either criminal or civil. Some cases may be treated as unfair competition or a violation of the doctrine of moral rights. The increased availability of intellectual property due to a rise in technology has furthered the debate as to whether copyright offences are criminal. In short, people are asked to use the guideline, "...if you did not write it yourself, you must give credit."
Plagiarism is not the same as copyright infringement. While both terms may apply to a particular act, they are different concepts, and false claims of authorship may constitute plagiarism regardless of whether the material is protected by copyright.
Copyright infringement is a violation of the rights of a copyright holder, when material whose use is restricted by copyright is used without consent. Plagiarism, in contrast, is concerned with the unearned increment to the plagiarizing author's reputation that is achieved through false claims of authorship. Thus, plagiarism is considered a moral offense against the plagiarist's audience (for example, a reader, listener, or teacher).
Plagiarism is also considered a moral offense against anyone who has provided the plagiarist with a benefit in exchange for what is specifically supposed to be original content (for example, the plagiarist's publisher, employer, or teacher). In such cases, acts of plagiarism may sometimes also form part of a claim for breach of the plagiarist's contract, or, if done knowingly, for a civil wrong.
In academia and journalism.
Within academia, plagiarism by students, professors, or researchers is considered academic dishonesty or academic fraud, and offenders are subject to academic censure, up to and including expulsion. Many institutions use plagiarism detection software to uncover potential plagiarism and to deter students from plagiarizing. In journalism, plagiarism is considered a breach of journalistic ethics, and reporters caught plagiarizing typically face disciplinary measures ranging from suspension to termination of employment. Some individuals caught plagiarizing in academic or journalistic contexts claim that they plagiarized unintentionally, by failing to include quotations or give the appropriate citation. While plagiarism in scholarship and journalism has a centuries-old history, the development of the Internet, where articles appear as electronic text, has made the physical act of copying the work of others much easier.
For professors and researchers, plagiarism is punished by sanctions ranging from suspension to termination, along with the loss of credibility and perceived integrity. Charges of plagiarism against students and professors are typically heard by internal disciplinary committees, by which students and professors have agreed to be bound.
Academia.
Plagiarism is defined in multiple ways in higher education institutions and universities. For example:
Journalism.
Since journalism relies on the public trust, a reporter's failure to honestly acknowledge their sources undercuts a newspaper or television news show's integrity and undermines its credibility. Journalists accused of plagiarism are often suspended from their reporting tasks while the charges are being investigated by the news organization.
The ease with which electronic text can be reproduced from online sources has lured a number of reporters into acts of plagiarism. Journalists have been caught "copying and pasting" articles and text from a number of websites.
Sanctions for student plagiarism.
In the academic world, plagiarism by students is usually considered a very serious offense that can result in punishments such as a failing grade on the particular assignment, the entire course, or even being expelled from the institution. Generally, the punishment increases as a person enters higher institutions of learning. For cases of repeated plagiarism, or for cases in which a student commits severe plagiarism (e.g., submitting a copied piece of writing as original work), suspension or expulsion is likely. A plagiarism tariff has been devised for UK higher education institutions in an attempt to encourage some standardization of this academic problem.
Self-plagiarism.
Self-plagiarism (also known as "recycling fraud") is the reuse of significant, identical, or nearly identical portions of one's own work without acknowledging that one is doing so or without citing the original work. Articles of this nature are often referred to as duplicate or multiple publication. In addition to the ethical issue, this can be a copyright violation if copyright of the prior work has been transferred to another entity. Typically, self-plagiarism is only considered a serious ethical issue in settings where someone asserts that a publication consist of new material, such as in publishing or factual documentation. It does not apply to public-interest texts, such as social, professional, and cultural opinions usually published in newspapers and magazines.
In academic fields, self-plagiarism occurs when an author reuses portions of his own published and copyrighted work in subsequent publications, but without attributing the previous publication. Identifying self-plagiarism is often difficult because limited reuse of material is accepted both legally (as fair use) and ethically.
It is common for university researchers to rephrase and republish their own work, tailoring it for different academic journals and newspaper articles, to disseminate their work to the widest possible interested public. However, these researchers also obey limits: If half an article is the same as a previous one, it is usually rejected. One of the functions of the process of peer review in academic writing is to prevent this type of "recycling".
The concept of self-plagiarism.
The concept of "self-plagiarism" has been challenged as being self-contradictory, an oxymoron, and on other grounds.
For example, Stephanie J. Bird argues that self-plagiarism is a misnomer, since by definition plagiarism concerns the use of others' material.
However, the phrase is used to refer to specific forms of unethical publication. Bird identifies the ethical issues of "self-plagiarism" as those of "dual or redundant publication." She also notes that in an educational context, "self-plagiarism" refers to the case of a student who resubmits "the same essay for credit in two different courses." As David B. Resnik clarifies, "Self-plagiarism involves dishonesty but not intellectual theft."
According to Patrick M. Scanlon
"Self-plagiarism" is a term with some specialized currency. Most prominently, it is used in discussions of research and publishing integrity in biomedicine, where heavy publish-or-perish demands have led to a rash of duplicate and "salami-slicing" publication, the reporting of a single study's results in "least publishable units" within multiple articles (Blancett, Flanagin, & Young, 1995; Jefferson, 1998; Kassirer & Angell, 1995; Lowe, 2003; McCarthy, 1993; Schein & Paladugu, 2001; Wheeler, 1989). Roig (2002) offers a useful classification system including four types of self-plagiarism: duplicate publication of an article in more than one journal; partitioning of one study into multiple publications, often called salami-slicing; text recycling; and copyright infringement.
Self-plagiarism and codes of ethics.
Some academic journals have codes of ethics that specifically refer to self-plagiarism. For example, the "Journal of International Business Studies".
Some professional organizations like the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) have created policies that deal specifically with self-plagiarism.
Other organizations do not make specific reference to self-plagiarism:
The American Political Science Association (APSA) published a code of ethics that describes plagiarism as "...deliberate appropriation of the works of others represented as one's own." It does not make any reference to self-plagiarism. It does say that when a thesis or dissertation is published "in whole or in part", the author is "not ordinarily under an ethical obligation to acknowledge its origins."
The American Society for Public Administration (ASPA) published a code of ethics that says its members are committed to: "Ensure that others receive credit for their work and contributions," but it makes no reference to self-plagiarism.
Factors that justify reuse.
Pamela Samuelson, in 1994, identified several factors she says excuse reuse of one's previously published work, that make it not self-plagiarism. She relates each of these factors specifically to the ethical issue of self-plagiarism, as distinct from the legal issue of fair use of copyright, which she deals with separately. Among other factors that may excuse reuse of previously published material Samuelson lists the following:
Samuelson states she has relied on the "different audience" rationale when attempting to bridge interdisciplinary communities. She refers to writing for different legal and technical communities, saying: "there are often paragraphs or sequences of paragraphs that can be bodily lifted from one article to the other. And, in truth, I lift them." She refers to her own practice of converting "a technical article into a law review article with relatively few changes—adding footnotes and one substantive section" for a different audience.
Samuelson describes misrepresentation as the basis of self-plagiarism. She also states "Although it seems not to have been raised in any of the self-plagiarism cases, copyrights law's fair use defense would likely provide a shield against many potential publisher claims of copyright infringement against authors who reused portions of their previous works."
Organizational publications.
Plagiarism is presumably not an issue when organizations issue collective unsigned works since they do not assign credit for originality to particular people. For example, the American Historical Association's "Statement on Standards of Professional Conduct" (2005) regarding textbooks and reference books states that, since textbooks and encyclopedias are summaries of other scholars' work, they are not bound by the same exacting standards of attribution as original research and may be allowed a greater "extent of dependence" on other works. However, even such a book does not make use of words, phrases, or paragraphs from another text or follow too closely the other text's arrangement and organization, and the authors of such texts are also expected to "acknowledge the sources of recent or distinctive findings and interpretations, those not yet a part of the common understanding of the profession."
In the arts.
Plagiarism and the history of art.
Through all of the history of literature and of the arts in general, works of art are for a large part repetitions of the tradition; to the entire history of artistic creativity belong plagiarism, literary theft, appropriation, incorporation, retelling, rewriting, recapitulation, revision, reprise, thematic variation, ironic retake, parody, imitation, stylistic theft, pastiches, collages, and deliberate assemblages. There is no rigorous and precise distinction between practices like imitation, stylistic plagiarism, copy, replica and forgery. These appropriation procedures are the main axis of a literate culture, in which the tradition of the canonic past is being constantly rewritten.
Ruth Graham quotes T.S. Eliot—"Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal. Bad poets deface what they take.”—she notes that despite the "taboo" of plagiarism, readers seem to often forgive the past excesses of historic literary offenders.
Praisings of artistic plagiarism.
A passage of Laurence Sterne's 1767 "Tristram Shandy", condemns plagiarism by resorting to plagiarism. Oliver Goldsmith commented:
Sterne's Writings, in which it is clearly shewn, that he, whose manner and style were so long thought original, was, in fact, the most unhesitating plagiarist who ever cribbed from his predecessors in order to garnish his own pages. It must be owned, at the same time, that Sterne selects the materials of his mosaic work with so much art, places them so well, and polishes them so highly, that in most cases we are disposed to pardon the want of originality, in consideration of the exquisite talent with which the borrowed materials are wrought up into the new form.
In other contexts.
Plagiarism on the Internet.
Content scraping is copying and pasting from websites and blogs.
Free online tools are becoming available to help identify plagiarism, and there are a range of approaches that attempt to limit online copying, such as disabling right clicking and placing warning banners regarding copyrights on web pages. Instances of plagiarism that involve copyright violation may be addressed by the rightful content owners sending a DMCA removal notice to the offending site-owner, or to the ISP that is hosting the offending site.

</doc>
<doc id="18960214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960214" title="Manin obstruction">
Manin obstruction

In mathematics, in the field of arithmetic algebraic geometry, the Manin obstruction (named after Yuri Manin) is attached to a geometric object "X" which measures the failure of the Hasse principle for "X": that is, if the value of the obstruction is non-trivial, then "X" may have points over all local fields but not over a global field.
For abelian varieties the Manin obstruction is just the Tate-Shafarevich group and fully accounts for the failure of the local-to-global principle (under the assumption that the Tate-Shafarevich group is finite). There are however examples, due to Skorobogatov, of varieties with trivial Manin obstruction which have points everywhere locally and yet no global points. 

</doc>
<doc id="18960253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960253" title="Miss Teen USA 2009">
Miss Teen USA 2009

Miss Teen USA 2009, the 27th Miss Teen USA pageant, was held at the Imperial Ballroom, Atlantis Paradise Island, in Nassau, Bahamas on July 31, 2009. For the first time since 1986 the Miss Teen USA pageant was held earlier than the Miss Universe pageant. Miss Teen USA 2008, Stevi Perry of Arkansas, crowned Stormi Henley of Tennessee as her successor.
For the first time, the event was webcast live over the Internet via Ustream (on www.missteenusa.com). Ed Fields and Stevi Perry hosted the presentation show, where Seth Goldman and Miss USA 2008, Crystle Stewart hosted the final show. Pop rock band Honor Society and Canadian's pop singer, songwriter Leah Renee performed during the two hours live event.
Finals.
The top fifteen was announced during the finals show and went on to compete in the swimsuit competition, and previous to that, the group Honor Society played two songs. Following that, Leah Renee sang Imaginary Boyfriend and Insanity from her album Storybook, later the top fifteen went on to compete in the evening gown. After the evening gown competition, Seth Goldman interviewed with the girls on backstage. The top five were announced, and they were asked questions about themselves and questions judges had prepared for them. Each delegate was allowed thirty seconds to answer the question. The judges were allowed one last look at the delegates, and Stevi Perry took her final walk as Miss Teen USA. Then, the runners-up and the winner was announced.
New crown.
Diamond Nexus Labs created a new crown for Miss Teen USA 2009, replacing the Milkimoto crown that has been worn since 2002.
Delegates.
1 Age at the time of the Miss Teen USA pageant

</doc>
<doc id="18960276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960276" title="National Organization of Scouts of Ukraine">
National Organization of Scouts of Ukraine

The National Organization of Scouts of Ukraine (, "Natsionalna organizatsiya skautiv Ukrajiny", NOSU) was established in 2007 by the three largest Scout organizations in Ukraine-the all-Ukrainian youth organization "SPOK", Plast and the All-Ukrainian organization "Sich" (Січ) meaning Cossack fortress. Membership stood at 4,650 Scouts in 2011.
Recent history.
In 2004, the Ukrainian Scout Youth Public Organization "Spilka Pionerskykh Orhanizatzii Kyïva" (literally Kiev Pioneer Movement Organization or SPOK, with a membership of 3,750 in 18 of 26 Ukrainian oblasts) applied for WOSM membership. In January, 2005, this motion was recommended by the World Scout Bureau. Since more than 5% of the National Scouting Organizations voted against the application, Germany and the Boy Scouts of America among the opposing votes, SPOK was not admitted to WOSM and withdrew the application. As a result of this, a special mission of the World Scout Committee was sent to Ukraine. Ukrainian Scouting endeavored to set up a new Scouting body unifying Plast and SPOK in order to satisfy WOSM requirements, to be worked out by 2008, as all parties were motivated to join the international community.
Following the recommendations of Resolution 2/05 adopted by the 37th World Scout Conference in Tunisia, the constitutive congress of the National Organization of Scouts of Ukraine (NOSU) was held on 27 March 2007. The congress, which gathered Scout representatives from most regions of Ukraine, approved the Constitution of NOSU and elected its governing bodies. This event was made possible thanks to efforts of three Scout associations (Plast, SPOK and Sich) to work towards unification of Scouting in Ukraine in a new single National Scout Organization so as to be able to join WOSM.
The Constitution of NOSU was officially registered by the Ministry of Justice of Ukraine in November 2007, thus confirming the creation of a single National Scout Organization in Ukraine. An amended version of this Constitution was received on 4 February 2008 and formally approved by the Constitutions Committee and the World Scout Committee.
In 2008, NOSU applied for membership through the World Scout Bureau into the World Organization of the Scout Movement. In accordance with the requirements of the Constitution of WOSM, the World Scout Committee considered this application at its meeting from 29 February to 2 March 2008, and recommended that it be accepted. Under the terms of Article VI.2 of the WOSM Constitution, "if within three months the recommendation is unopposed or opposed by less than five percent of the Member Organizations", NOSU was declared a Member, as the National Scout Organization of Ukraine, of the World Organization of the Scout Movement as from 1 July 2008.
WOSM Acting Secretary General Luc Panissod visited NOSU in mid-March 2008. He had the opportunity to meet and talk with various groups of young people (candidates to join, patrol leaders, summer camp young leaders) and adult leaders responsible of local Scout groups. He also met with the Deputy Minister of Family, Youth and Sports, one of the founding members of one of the Scout associations, who confirmed full support of the authorities to NOSU. He also had several working sessions with leaders of NOSU to assess the level of development of the organization.
The organization has a loaned headquarters and several campsites. Elements of a progressive scheme include merit badges, which are illustrated in their handbook and are obtained on a progressive basis. At present, NOSU is a small organization and has only one professional staff regularly employed in application of existing legislation. Being a new organization, NOSU still has to develop an efficient working organization.
NOSU membership is open to girls and boys, women and men, in three age sections: Cubs (6-10), Scouts (11-16) and Rovers (16-24). As at 31 December 2007, NOSU comprised 2,475 members including 718 female youth members, 1,546 male youth members, plus some 200 adult leaders and Council members.
NOSU membership was made approximately of 40% from Plast, 40% from SPOK and 20% from Sich. The same percentages was reflected at the National Council level. While double membership still exists (one can be member of NOSU and member of one of the three above associations), direct membership for new members is strongly encouraged. It is the objective of NOSU's leadership that NOSU will be successful enough to attract more members from the three associations who are not yet members of NOSU. Further unification of Scouting through integration of other Scout groups in Ukraine is envisaged through the chartering system.
On June 4, 2011 during the second national conference of NOSU the new National Council was elected.
The Chairman of the National Council is Viktor Bocharnikov, the First Deputy Chairman of the National Council is Andriy Chesnokov and the International Commissioner is Natalia Medvid. All duties in Ukrainian Scouting, from local to the National Council levels, are performed by a combination of volunteer workers and paid professionals. NOSU is a member of the Eurasia Scout Region.
The representative of NOSU - Andriy Chesnokov - is a member of Eurasia Scouting Committee of WOSM 

</doc>
<doc id="18960292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960292" title="Carlo Lorenzo Garcia">
Carlo Lorenzo Garcia

Carlo Lorenzo Garcia (born February 22, 1982) is an American actor and artist. He portrayed Johnny in the independent feature "Helix" featuring Alexa Vega and Austin O'Brien and Mr. Cruz in Anything's Possible. He is the company manager of Mary-Arrchie Theatre Co, a Chicago-based storefront theater and has appeared in a variety of theatre and film projects. He is also an Associate Artist with Chicago Dramatists. Other regional theater credits include: Goodman Theatre, Teatro Vista, Vineyard Arts Project, Strawdog, Collaboraction, Greasy Joan & Co., Teatro Luna, The Free Associates, and Walkabout Theater at Lookingglass.

</doc>
<doc id="18960296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960296" title="Ihsan Ali Al-Shehbaz">
Ihsan Ali Al-Shehbaz

Ihsan Ali Al-Shehbaz, Ph.D. (born 1939 in Iraq) is an Iraqi American botanist who works as Adjunct Professor at University of Missouri-St. Louis and Senior Curator at Missouri Botanical Garden. Al-Shehbaz's primary area of interest is Brassicaceae and "The Durango Herald" called him 
"a world expert on taxonomy of the family". A 2008 publication of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service called him "the world's authority on species in the genus "Lesquerella"". The author abbreviation "Al-Shehbaz" is attached to the numerous botanical taxa he has identified.
Education.
In 1962, Al-Shehbaz earned a Bachelor of Science degree from Baghdad University. He pursued graduate studies in the United States, gaining a Master of Science degree from Harvard University in 1969 and a Ph.D. from Harvard in 1973.
Career.
Prior to his current professorial and curatorial position, Al-Shehbaz was a professor and director of an herbarium at Baghdad University, a professor and director of a herbarium at Sulaymaniyah University in Iraq, and a postdoctoral fellow at Harvard University's Arnold Arboretum. In 1992, Al-Shehbaz edited all botanical entries for the third edition of the American Heritage Dictionary. He has worked on major projects about the "Flora of North America" and, with the help of the Chinese botanists, the "Flora of China". In regard to the latter, Al-Shehbaz said:
By unlocking the knowledge of China's great botanical treasures for the rest of the world, the project brings together hundreds of Chinese and Western scientists for an invaluable exchange of ideas, training, information, and plant specimens. It is an enormous advancement for systematic and applied botany...China's plant species represent a significant percentage of the world's total. If we don't do this kind of research, how will we know what we have and how to protect it?
Academic specialties.
Al-Shehbaz's primary academic interests are the phylogeny and systematics of the Brassicaceae family, especially in the Himalayas, Central Asia, and the Americas with emphasis on the South American and Chinese members. He also has an interest in conservation and the preservation of biological diversity. According to Al-Shehbaz, if "we want to have a peaceful world, to live in harmony, we have to know how to cooperate, both with humans and with other species."
Al-Shehbaz has described ten new genera previously unknown to science. He has described over four hundred plant species and more than seventy of them were previously unknown. Al-Shehbaz has called botanical science "a race with time to document what's there before it's gone."
"Alyssum", "Arabidopsis", "Arabis", "Armoracia", "Barbarea", "Boechera", "Draba" (of which he revised many South American members ), "Erucastrum", "Nasturtium", "Raphanus", "Rorippa", "Schizopetalon", "Sisymbrium", and "Tropidocarpum" are among the genera in which he has identified plant species. Some specific plant species Al-Shehbaz has identified include "Cardamine lojanensis", "Draba ecuadoriana", and "Draba steyermarkii".

</doc>
<doc id="18960314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960314" title="MIL-STD-130">
MIL-STD-130

MIL-STD-130, "Identification Marking of U.S. Military Property," is a specification commonly used for giving directions on how to mark items sold to the Department of Defense DoD, including the recent addition, in about 2005, of UII [IUID|UID] unique identifier data matrix machine-readable information (MRI) requirements. MIL-STD-130 describes the materials allowed, minimum text size and fonts, format, syntax and rules for identifying marks on a part, where to locate this marking plus exceptions and unique situations, such as vehicle VIN numbers, cell phone IDs, etc. Other non-identifying markings such as "'this end up'" are covered under MIL-STD-129. 
The purpose of the Department of Defense IUID Registry is to have a single location where everything they own is logged with purchase date, purchase price and dates when it was sent for repairs/refurbishment or taken out of commission. CLIN (contract line items) are entered automatically into the UID database if request for payment was made using a DD250 form and sent using the government portal WAWF. If there was any deviation from that, then 3rd party reporting software can be used to report.
Since 2005, MIL-STD-130 is most noted for the UID data matrix, which is a square, pixelated bar code that when scanned connects the DoD user immediately to the record in the DoD UID Database. The UII data matrix does not contain information in itself. The construction rules exist to achieve the desired goal of a truly unique number for all time. There are only several label-making software and a handful of scanner-verifiers on the market that achieve the required syntax of a DoD UID data matrix. There are also commercial data matrix that do not meet DoD standards, and the software that makes them is far less expensive; while they 'look' the same they will not pass verification (a MIL-STD-130 requirement). 
When clauses DFARS 252.211-7003 (new purchases) or DFARS 252.211-7007 (government owned equipment) are in the contract, assets and personal properties priced at over $5,000 each on the contract or assets in the possession of the contractors costing over $5,000 must be marked with a unique serialized identification number in compliant with MIL-STD-130 either when the Gov. buys them or as they're serviced. 
MIL-STD-130 standard requires qualifying government furnished property in possession of contractors (PIPC), and qualifying end item deliverables or legacy items to be marked with a machine readable 2D Data Matrix bar code. There are several allowed methods for marking, the most common being a polyester or polymide label marked with a thermal transfer printer (the cheapest is about $3,000). Other methods are: metal nameplate laser etched, metal plate metalphoto processed, direct part-marked by dot peen, ink jet, laser etch or chemical etch. The bar code must meet several quality specifications, pass a verification process with a grade of 'B' or better, and "be as permanent as the normal life expectancy of the item and be capable of withstanding the environmental tests and cleaning procedures specified for the item to which it is affixed". A full list of suggested marking methods are outlined in Table II of MIL-STD-130N.
Unique Identifier (UID).
Unique identifier (UID) or (UII), also referred as Item Unique Identification (IUID) in the DoD terminology, marks qualifying tangible items in the form of a number, character string, or sequence of bits assigned to separate entity or its relevant attribute that uniquely distinguish it from other entities. The construction rules depend upon the serial number being unique to that part number (construct 2) or unique to the company (construct 1). In practice most companies construct the UID with Cage-part-serial (construct 2). The general custom (not yet a 'shall') is that new acquisitions are marked using cage code in Format 06 (17V, 1P, S), while legacy (older stuff, already owned, or purchased without the DFARS 252.211-7003 clause in the contract) is marked with DoDaac of the entity making the label, in format 06 also (7L, 1P, S). The 17V means cage code and the 7L means DoDaac in the first position. 
Construct 1 is a quickie gap-filler that permits printing a string of cage-serial in sequence and carrying the strip to the location to slap them on any kind of item. When reporting these the DoD would like much additional information, anything that can be pulled off the nameplate such as description, manufacturer, dates, and other key info. However, many depots and hired hands doing this labeling are not including any info on what they're reporting so the DoD is going very cold on using Construct 1. Use Construct 1 for new sales ONLY if your plant makes only 1 item, more or less, and your software provides plenty of 'marks'--reports all the info that would exist on a well-filled out product label, including warranty info.
Processes of Choosing MIL-STD-130.
It is vital to use durable and permanent label solutions for UID compliant process. The type of materials can range from aluminium, stainless steel, polyester or polyimide adhesive-backed stickers. However, the UID nameplates must meet MIL-STD-130 standards.
Revisions of MIL-STD-130.
The latest revision of MIL-STD-130 (as of April 2013) is revision N. 
MIL-STD-130N standard, which is made up of numerous other governmental and non-governmental specifications, standards, publications, and handbooks, is meant to be used as a guide in which to determine and impose the minimum needs of the government when designing a specific contract. If there any conflicts between the MIL-STD-130N and one of the reference documents that are cited in the MIL-STD-130N, this standard always takes precedence. For a comprehensive list of these documents, please refer to Section 2 of the MIL-STD-130N.
However, there are many items that are excluded from this list, as they are either covered in other documentation, not subject to IUID (Item Unique Identification) marking, or they already carry an IUID Equivalent marking; such as the Vehicle Identification Number on a car or an Electronic Serial Number of a cell phone. Refer to Section 1.3 of the MIL-STD-130N for a complete list of these items.
Marking Specifications.
For items that are under the control of the Department of Defense and subject for marking, there are many specifications that must be met for a proper mark. These requirements state that all marking must be applied to a metal or stiff plastic identification plate, identification band, identification tag, or identification label that is securely fastened to the item. Additionally, the marking may even be applied directly to the surface of the item itself – provided of course it can still meet the requirements described below.
When possible, the marking must be placed in a location where it will be visible and easily read during normal operation and use of the item, and in a way that ensures the mark is permanent throughout the entire life expectancy of said item. It also necessary to make sure that the marking can withstand normal environmental conditions; including cleaning and rebuilding processes.
If this is not feasible using an MRI (Machine Readable Information) marking, then a marking should be used that will last until the item is expected to be rebuilt, if applicable. In the event that there is not enough open space on an item to ensure a proper IUID, then only the most essential information should be marked. This includes the EID (Enterprise Identifier, which is used to distinguish between different organizations and activities) of the supplier or manufacturer as well as the PIN (Part or Identifying Number), LOT, or batch number of the item. And finally, in the event that there is a lack of room whatsoever in which to place a proper IUID mark on the item, the marking may be placed on the packaging; as long as the mark abides by the guidelines listed in the paragraph above.
For human-readable information, the recommended minimum size for text is 0.2 centimeters, 0.08 inches; this also translates to 5.76 points. All letters should be in a sans-serif font, such as Arial, Futura, Trebuchet, or another sans-serif font, and numbers should be in Arabic. The exception to this is when Roman numerals are used to mark an object, in which case you should refer to the item’s specific documentation and standards in order to determine which font to use. The designation of “U.S.” or “US” should only be used when specified elsewhere.
Whenever possible, MRI marking is the preferred method of IUID marking of the Department of Defense – though for some equipment and items free text marking may be specified. Limited to 50 characters in compliance with ISO/IEC 15459-4, all DFARS mandated marks must meet the minimum of a Data Matrix ECC 200 symbol using ISO/IEC 15434 syntax with the semantics of ISO/IEC 15418 or ATA CSDD. For items that are not subject to DFARS mandated marking, the Data Matrix ECC 200 symbol using ISO/IEC 15434 syntax and the semantics of ISO/IEC 15418 or ATA CSDD is preferred. 
Unless specified below, MH10.8.7 is the MRI marking protocol that should be used to mark all items.
Industry Specific Protocols.
- ATA (Air Transport Association) should mark all items in accordance with SPEC2000 for linear bar code symbols. For Data Matrix symbols, ATA CSDD and ISO/IEC 15434 syntax with format indicator “12” are to be used.
- AIAG (Automotive Industrial Action Group) should mark all items in accordance with AIAG B-4 and AIAG B-17 standards as applicable.
- Manufacturers using the standards of the CEA (Consumer Electronics Association) should mark all items in accordance with the MH10.8.7 and CEA-706 standards as applicable. Although this protocol allows for other manufacturer codes, a CAGE (Commercial and Government Entity) code accompanied by the appropriate Data Identifier is recommended as the manufacturer ID.
- Manufacturers using the standards of GS1 should mark all items in accordance with the GS1 standards as applicable.
- For DoD actions that directly support NASA (National Aeronautics and Space Administration), the marking standards of NASA shall be implemented. These standards can be found in NASA-STD-6002; a detailed how-to guide for implementing these standards can be found in NASA-HDBK-6003.
- MRI protocols other than those listed above should be approved by USTRANSCOM TCJ5/4-I Asset Visibility Division. Requests for protocol inclusion can be sent to DOD Logistics AIT Office (TCJ5/4-I), Suite 100, 5971 Kingstowne Village Parkway, Alexandria, VA 22315.
Information Contained Within An MRI.
Apart from specifications regarding how to mark an item with an MRI, there are also specifications regarding the minimum amount of information that must be contained within an MRI mark. This encoded information includes:
Non-IUID Items.
- EID of the manufacturer or supplier of the item.
- Serial number or otherwise traceable number of the item.
- PIN of the item.
IUID Items.
- EID of the activity that has assigned the serial number for UII Constructs #1 or #2. 
- Serial number for UII Constructs #1 or #2.
- Current PIN, lot, or batch number of the item. If this changes, the new PIN, lot, or batch number may be encoded in a single Data Matrix symbol along with the UII data. 
- The original PIN, batch, or lot number is used for IUID items that are serialized within a PIN.
- When using Construct #1, the Original Part Number may be used if both the current PIN and original PIN are the same.
- When using Construct #2, the original PIN, lot, or batch number must remain clearly identified and encoded in the MRI. If this number is changed by anyone other than the original manufacturer or supplier, the new PIN, lot, or batch number must also remain clearly identified.
In addition to the standard information contained within an MRI, duplicate items are sometimes assigned a UII (Unique Item Identifier). The UII is a numbered prefix given to items in the event of duplicate part number assignments on behalf of an enterprise so that each individual part can be easily identified.
Of course, there are exceptions to the MRI marking routine as well. COTS (Commercial Off The Shelf) items that are clearly marked with some sort of commercial identification (firm name, logo, trademark, part number, etc.) and are not subject to IUID marking may be exempt from additional marking requirements, as long as the item presents no identification difficulty. Furthermore, parts within an assembly or subassembly that are not expected to be removed, repaired, or replaced are exempt from MRI marking unless it is otherwise stated in the contract.
Legacy items sometimes need to be marked, as well. If it is determined that a legacy machine needs to be marked, the EID used to generate a UII must be of the organization ensuring uniqueness rather than any previous marks.
Marking Quality.
Finally, there are also specifications regarding the marking quality of an MRI. 
- Linear Bar Code: Unless otherwise specified in the contract or order, ISO/IEC 15416 is the protocol for measuring the print quality of a linear bar code.
- Data Matrix Symbol: There are a number of protocols that can be used for measuring the print quality of a data matrix symbol, at the supplier’s discretion. This includes ISO/IEC 15415, AIM DPM-1-2006, or SAE AS9132. If a data matrix symbol is ever found to be erroneous, unreadable, or otherwise unacceptable, two diagonal lines should be used to cross out the symbol in addition to two other lines (one horizontal, one vertical) through the two interrupted frame lines.
Marking arrangements.
In a case where the manufacturer is also the ODA (Original Design Activity), the marking should be arranged as follows: 
ODA - CAGE or NCAGE (NATO Commercial and Government Agency) - 1234567-101. 
When a manufacturer is the CDA (Current Design Activity) but not the ODA, the following mark should be included in addition to the one above: 
CDA – CAGE or NCAGE.
Parts acquired from a manufacturer other than the design activity should have their markings arranged as follows: 
When the design activity is not the original activity, markings should be arranged as follows:
Assemblies and subassemblies that do not require identification plates should be marked as above, though the abbreviation “ASSY” should be included instead of a dash as follows:
CAGE or NCAGE, ASSY, 7654321-101.
- Likewise, source control items should use the abbreviation “SOCN” in place of “ASSY” above.
- The free text marking for units, groups, and sets should be arranged as follows:
Nomenclature, EID of the manufacturer or supplier, EID for IUID as applicable, serial or other traceable number, current PIN, original PIN, LOT, or batch number for IUID as applicable, acquisition instrument identification number.
- Any maintenance actions that are performed on any item should be marked as follows:
EID of the repair facility, date of repair, applicable warranty extensions, contract, purchase, or repair order number
- ESDS (Electrostatic Discharge Sensitive) items and other electronic parts that are susceptible to damage from electrostatic discharge should be marked with the ESDS symbol.
Specifications.
There are certain engineering documentation terms of military products which might not go in accordance with the American Identification languages. The section 3 of the standard clearly specifies those terms and helps product designers in offering a lucid definition about the items created for military. 
It is mandatory for product designers to develop their products by adhering to the criteria set by the MIL-STD-130N standard. Merely setting the definition of product in accordance with the standard is not enough. The product designers have to take care of everything to satisfy the criteria. Item identification marking 'free text' often includes more information. A good designer retains all former part marking if an existing part, or typical part marking for a new part, then assigns a rectangular spot nearby for the UID, which is an additional label or small metal plate approximately where shown that contains the data matrix plus the 3 HRI that comprise the data matrix. 
The requirement for the 3 HRI to be adjacent and unambiguous to the data matrix is a MIL-STD-130 requirement. There is no requirement it match the other part marking, for instance if the item were outsourced or is off-the-shelf, in which case the entity holding the Gov. contract may assign it their own part number and/or serial other than what exists on the product, and because they are labeling it will assign it their own cage code. A good example of this is a laptop used as an equipment controller; while it has a permissible ID on it, a company may wish to stick to cage-part-serial for ease of reporting and use their internal part number to report it because that's how they keep revision control for service purposes. 
The most common designations for the adjacent HRI are MFR, PNO or P/N, and SER. MIL-STD-130N narrowed up the choices significantly, so drawings from pre-2008 may now show designations no longer preferred. Some companies simply use the designations 17V, 1P and S, which are surprising easy to adjust to.

</doc>
<doc id="18960322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960322" title="Belinda Wright">
Belinda Wright

Belinda Wright may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18960338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960338" title="Gairloch Stone">
Gairloch Stone

The Gairloch Stone is a Class-I Pictish stone which was discovered at Achtercairn in Wester Ross around 1880. Subsequently the stone was used as masonry for the cemetery wall of Gairloch's church. It has survived only imperfectly, but on it are still visible a fish - probably a salmon - and, above, the lower part of a bird. The bird is probably an eagle, common on Pictish stones, but a goose has also been suggested. The stone currently resides in Gairloch Heritage Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18960351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960351" title="Antón Paz Blanco">
Antón Paz Blanco

Antón Paz Blanco (born 8 August 1976) is a Spanish sailor. With his partner Fernando Echavarri he won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. The two also competed at the 2004 Olympics in Athens, where they finished eighth. He is from the town of Vilagarcia de Arousa, Galicia, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18960354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960354" title="Richie Moller">
Richie Moller

Richie Moller (Ludwigshafen, Germany) is an American soccer forward who currently coaches the NCAA Division III Vassar College soccer team. He played one season each in the USISL and the National Professional Soccer League.
Youth.
Moller attended Towson University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1995 to 1998. He holds the school’s single season record for goals scored with 57 and is second with career goal scoring with 47. He was a 1998 second team All American. He graduated in 1999 with a bachelor's degree in modern languages. Following his graduation in 1998, he entered the University of Maryland, College Park where he earned a master’s degree in German literature.
Professional.
In 1999, the Maryland Mania of the USL A-League selected Moller in the Territorial Round of the USL Draft. He played only one game before being released after a contract dispute. In October 2000, he signed with the Baltimore Blast of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL).
Coach.
In 1999, Moller became the assistant coach at NCAA Division III Villa Julie College. In 2002, he moved to Smith College as an assistant coach before becoming a head coach at the NCAA Division I Western Illinois in August 2003. In 2005, he became an assistant coach at Dartmouth College. In March 2006, Moller became the head coach at Vassar College.

</doc>
<doc id="18960382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960382" title="Turn Out the Lights">
Turn Out the Lights

Turn Out the Lights was an ITV sitcom series made by Granada Television, that was first broadcast from Monday 2 January to Monday 6 February 1967 by Associated Rediffusion (London) and Tyne Tees Television, (all other regions broadcast the series between Friday 6 January and Friday 10 February 1967). The series was a spin-off from the sitcom "Pardon the Expression", itself a spin-off from the highly popular soap opera "Coronation Street". 
Leonard Swindley (played by Arthur Lowe) was the central character, along with Wally Hunt (played by Robert Dorning). Swindley was formerly the manager of the fashion retail store "Gamma Garments" in "Coronation Street" and the deputy manager of the department store Dobson and Hawks in "Pardon the Expression": in this series he becomes a professional speaker on astrology who encounters various supernatural events on his travels around the country, along with his colleague Wally Hunt, after they were both fired from Dobson and Hawks in the final episode of "Pardon the Expression".
The series directors were David Boisseau and Michael Cox, production designers were Dennis Parkin and Roy Stonehouse. (The series was not recorded in front of a studio audience and had no laughter-track.)

</doc>
<doc id="18960386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960386" title="A Frank Exploration of Voyeurism and Violence">
A Frank Exploration of Voyeurism and Violence

A Frank Exploration of Voyeurism and Violence was Kane Hodder's first EP. The album was released in 2004 on Suburban Home Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18960412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960412" title="Belinda Wright (softball)">
Belinda Wright (softball)

Belinda Wright (born 16 September 1980 in Cessnock, New South Wales) is a softball player from Australia, who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18960432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960432" title="Innocent (2009 film)">
Innocent (2009 film)

Innocent, also known as "Helix", is a 2009 American action drama film directed by Aram Rappaport, filmed in downtown Chicago, Illinois in one continuous take. There are no cuts in the filming. Innocent is one of the first ever feature length films to be shot in one take, and it is a kidnapping thriller that circumnavigates downtown Chicago on foot and by car. 
Plot.
Based on a true incident, "Innocent" is tale of five disparate lives that become entangled one cold Chicago morning. Told in real-time, Innocent is an action crime drama shot in one continuous take without any edits. Alexa Vega stars as a young woman abducted by two desperate urban youths (Austin O'Brien, Carlo Lorenzo Garcia). A street dweller, witnessing the dramatic events, is torn between becoming involved and remaining silent. Completing the cast of characters is a corrupt cop who too late realizes the implications of his self-serving motives.
Production.
Shooting took place in downtown Chicago around Lake Michigan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18960449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960449" title="Exfoliation corrosion">
Exfoliation corrosion

In metallurgy, exfoliation corrosion is a form of intergranular corrosion that manifests itself by lifting up the surface grains of a metal by the force of expanding corrosion products occurring at the grain boundaries just below the surface. It is visible evidence of intergranular corrosion. It is most often seen on extruded sections where grain thickness is less than in rolled forms.

</doc>
<doc id="18960451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960451" title="One (NoMeansNo album)">
One (NoMeansNo album)

One is the ninth full-length album released by Nomeansno. "Beat on the Brat" is a Ramones cover while "Bitch's Brew" is a Miles Davis cover with additional vocals written by the band.

</doc>
<doc id="18960462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960462" title="Epigenes, son of Antiphon">
Epigenes, son of Antiphon

Epigenes ("Epigetês"), son of Antiphon, of the demus of Cephisia, is mentioned by Plato among the disciples of Socrates who were with him in his last moments. Xenophon represents Socrates as remonstrating with him on his neglect of the bodily exercises requisite for health and strength. 

</doc>
<doc id="18960470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960470" title="Marching triangles">
Marching triangles

Replaced with 'polygon mesh' and added a link to the corresponding page.
Added a sentence on general limitations of Delaunay triangulation.</comment>
In computer graphics, marching triangles is a technique for reconstructing a polygon mesh from an unstructured point cloud. Point clouds are typically generated from 3D laser scanning of real-world objects. In the past, accurate reconstruction methods employed Delaunay triangulations. However, Delaunay triangulation becomes inefficient for complex objects due to the large number of possible geometries. Newer techniques such as Marching Triangles and Ball-Pivoting employ a moving boundary front to reconstruct point cloud surfaces.
Such techniques are generally more efficient than Delaunay triangulation and may provide similar accuracy in reconstruction.

</doc>
<doc id="18960495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960495" title="Poolewe Stone">
Poolewe Stone

The Poolewe Stone is a Class-I Pictish stone discovered in 1992 in the cemetery at Poolewe (Poll Iùbh) in Wester Ross. The stone carries the common Pictish depictions of a crescent and v-rod. Chiseled inside the crescent are some hollows and two spirals meeting to form a pelta. Today the stone lies in the church yard.

</doc>
<doc id="18960512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960512" title="Dian Grueneich">
Dian Grueneich

Dian M. Grueneich is one of the five commissioners of the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC), which regulates utilities and common carriers in California. She was appointed to a six-year term by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger in January 2005 and unanimously confirmed by the State Senate in May 2005. 
As commissioner she oversees the implementation of utility energy efficiency programs. She helps to develop incentives that reward energy utilities for energy efficiency efforts as part of climate change action plans for California. She has pushed for consumer-friendly cell-phone regulation and has tried to force electrical companies to make more use of renewable energy sources.
Prior to her appointment with the CPUC, Grueneich served as a Board member of the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy and is a past president of the California League of Conservation Voters. 
Grueneich earned a Juris Doctorate from Georgetown University Law Center in 1977 and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Human Biology from Stanford University in 1974. She is a recipient of the Charles Percy Award for Public Service.

</doc>
<doc id="18960525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960525" title="Mark Beaumont">
Mark Beaumont

Mark Beaumont (born 1 January 1983) is a record-breaking long-distance Scottish cyclist, adventurer, broadcaster, documentary maker and author. He held the record for cycling round the world, completing his route on 15 February 2008, having taken 194 days and 17 hours. On 18 February 2010 Beaumont completed his latest quest, cycling from Anchorage, Alaska, USA to Ushuaia in Southern Argentina, for a BBC Television series.
In the summer of 2011 Beaumont joined a six-man team to row from Resolute Bay in the Nunavut Territory, Canada to the 1996 location of the North Magnetic Pole. Each of these expeditions were filmed for BBC One documentaries. On 1 February 2012 Beaumont and his team of rowers were rescued from the Atlantic Ocean when their rowing boat capsized during a crossing from Morocco to Barbados.
Personal life.
Beaumont was home-schooled until the age of 11 by his mother, Una. He was then educated at the High School of Dundee. At age 15, he completed a solo ride the length of Great Britain from John o'Groats to Land's End.
He has a degree in politics from Glasgow University. He was awarded Graduate of the Year 2009 from the University of Glasgow, and won the 2010 Glenfiddich Spirit of Scotland Award. In 2012 he was awarded the degree of Doctor of Laws honoris causa from the University of Dundee.
Mark Beaumont has two sisters called Heather and Hannah, is married to wife Nicci and has a baby daughter born in August 2013. He currently lives in Perthshire, Scotland.
The Guinness world record.
To qualify for the Guinness world record, Beaumont was required to travel an 18,000-mile route that passes through two approximately antipodal points. The route began and ended in Paris, France, riding through 20 countries across Europe, the Middle East, India, Asia, Australasia and North America. The bicycle used for the attempt was a Koga-Miyata with a Rohloff internal gearing hub, which consumed the spokes yet was used to build a new wheel, that held up. The bike was loaded with of equipment such as tools, cameras and other equipment to support him during the journey.
Beaumont endured many hardships during his voyage. In Lafayette, Louisiana he was involved in a collision with a car and robbed later the same day, and elsewhere struggled with illnesses such as dysentery.
As a result of breaking the World Record, Mark Beaumont has raised £18,000 for charity.
Beaumont's video diaries of the journey formed the basis of a BAFTA nominated documentary, "The Man who Cycled the World", which was broadcast by the BBC in August 2008.
Beaumont's around-the-world cycling record was broken by Vin Cox on 1 August 2010.
BBC – "Cycling the Americas".
Beaumont cycled from Anchorage, Alaska, USA to Ushuaia in Southern Argentina, arriving on 18 February 2010. In addition to cycling in 268 days, he climbed the highest peaks in North and South America: McKinley and Aconcagua. Along with commenting online throughout the journey, he recorded the adventure for a BBC One documentary series, "The Man Who Cycled The Americas". The first in the series of three episodes was broadcast on Tuesday, 23 March 2010 on BBC One. Beaumont bypassed Colombia and the Darien Gap on his journey.
Ocean rowing.
During summer 2011, Beaumont joined a team of six in rowing through the Canadian Arctic, as the BBC cameraman as well as on the oars. Their aim was to reach a 1996 location of the North Magnetic Pole. It is only in the last few years that the sea ice has melted enough for such a route to be attempted.
In early 2012, Beaumont joined another team in an attempt to break the world record for rowing across the Atlantic Ocean. After 27 days and over 2,000 miles into the expedition, they capsized and had to be rescued.
Other endeavours.
In addition to being an accomplished cyclist, Beaumont is a skier and rower. In June 2009, he planned to participate in a 12-strong team attempt to row across the North Atlantic in a record-breaking 45 days. The team would have been led by Edinburgh stockbroker turned adventurer Leven Brown whose 14-man La Mondiale crew has beaten the record from the Canaries to Barbados. However, the boat he was going to use sank in the Atlantic Ocean.
Beaumont was the first torchbearer for day 26 of the 2012 Summer Olympics torch relay.
In September 2012, Beaumont plans to lead the "World Cycle Challenge" - the first fully supported group circumnavigation of the globe, with the aim of cycling in 245 days.

</doc>
<doc id="18960527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960527" title="Rose-Eliandre Bellemare">
Rose-Eliandre Bellemare

Rose-Eliandre Bellemare (born 20 August 1989) is a French artistic gymnast and a member of the French National Team. She participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. 
Bellemare joined the French Junior Team at age 12. She competed at the junior European championships in 2004, and the senior competition in 2006.
After a hiatus of one year due to injury, she made a comeback and qualified for the Olympic Games 2008 as a replacement. She replaced Cassy Vericel on the team. Bellemare participated in the Olympic competition on three apparatuses and helped the French team to finish in 7th place overall for this event.

</doc>
<doc id="18960531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960531" title="Epigenes of Athens">
Epigenes of Athens

Epigenes (c. 4th century BC) was an Athenian comic poet of the middle comedy. 
Pollux indeed speaks of him as "neôn tis kômikôn," but the terms "middle" and "new," as Clinton remarks, are not always very carefully applied. Epigenes himself, in a fragment of his play called "Mnêmation" speaks of Pixodarus, prince of Caria, as "the king's son"; and from this Meineke argues that the comedy in question must have been written while Hecatomnus, the father of Pixodarus, was yet alive, and perhaps about 380 BC. We find besides in Athenaeus, that there was a doubt among the ancients whether the play called "Argurion aphanismos" should be assigned to Epigenes or Antiphanes. These poets therefore must have been contemporaries. 
The fragments of the comedies of Epigenes have been collected by Meineke and Kock.

</doc>
<doc id="18960567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960567" title="Lisa Simon">
Lisa Simon

Lisa Simon is an American television producer and director.
Awards and nominations.
Simon was nominated for a Primetime Emmy award in the category Outstanding Children's Program, for her work on "", in 1984. The nomination was shared with Dulcy Singer, Arlene Sherman, and Tony Geiss. She has also been nominated for fourteen Daytime Emmy awards in the categories Outstanding Children's Informational/Instructive Series, Outstanding Children's Series, Outstanding Preschool Children's Series, and Outstanding Directing in a Children's Series, for her work on "Sesame Street" and "Between the Lions". Her first DE win was shared with executive producer Dulcey Singer.

</doc>
<doc id="18960568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960568" title="Messini">
Messini

Messini () is a municipal unit ("dimotiki enotita") and seat ("edra") of the municipality ("dimos") of Messini within the regional unit ("perifereiaki enotita") of Messenia in the region ("perifereia") of Peloponnese, one of 13 regions into which Greece has been divided. Before 2011 the same hierarchy prevailed, according to Law 2539 of 1997, the Kapodistrias Plan, except that Messenia was a "nomos" and the Municipal unit was a locality ("topiko diamerisma"). The "dimos" existed under both laws, but not with the same constituents.
Messini (modern pronunciation) is not to be confused with its ancient namesake, Messene, located to the north in the shadow of Mount Ithome. close to . Ancient Messene is an equally large but abandoned site of ruins partially occupied by the small village of Mavrommati (not to be confused with Mavrommati Pamisou, or just Pamisou, on the north of the modern city). Messini did not gradually become nor was it created by population transfer from Ancient Messene. Formerly Nisi, it underwent a name change to Messini in the late 19th century.
Geography.
The modern town has some 10,000 inhabitants. It is the second largest municipality of Messinia. The town centre is 3 km from the Messinian Gulf coast, near the right bank of the river Pamisos. The major city of Messenia, Kalamata, is 10 km to the east. The town is accessed by Greek National Road 82 (Pylos - Kalamata - Sparta). The Kalamata International Airport is two kilometers to the east. Since 1892, Messini had a railway station on a branch line from the Corinth–Kalamata railway. It was closed in 1976, reopened in 2007, and again closed in 2011. 
Administration.
Before the reorganization, the municipality of Messini contained 14 local divisions ("topika diamerismata") for a total population of 11041. Since 2010 Messini has still been a municipality, one of the six of Messenia. However, it has absorbed seven other former municipalities. These, and the former municipality of Messini, have become municipal units ("dimotikes enotites") of the municipality Messini, with a total population of 23,482 (2011 census). These are as follows:
The municipal unit of Messini contains the same subdivisions and populations as did the previous municipality of Messini but the subdivisions are now local communities. These are as follows:
In summary, Messini is a town, a municipal unit and a municipality.
Province.
The province of Messini () was one of the provinces of the Messenia Prefecture. Its territory corresponded with that of the current municipality Messini (except the municipal units Aipeia, Petalidi and Voufrades) and the municipal units Andania, Meligalas and Oichalia. It was abolished in 2006.
History.
Messini began its communal existence as Nisi, a settlement placed on an island (nēsos, from which Nisi) in the extensive marshland at the mouth of the Pamisos River. It was placed in Frankish territory, the Principality of Achaia, dated 1205-1432, consisting of 40 villages in Messenia and Elis. The ethnic content of the population in the vicinity at that time was Greeks and Christianized, Hellenized Slavs, which is reflected in the names of the villages around Messini. After 1432, when the Byzantine Empire fell and was commandeered by the Ottoman Empire, some Turks entered the region. Except for the names, these distinctions have more or less disappeared in modern Greece.
The government of Greece changed the official name to Messini in 1867. Baedeker's for the later 19th century and early 20th centuries referred to Nisi as "now officially Messini," a phrase that was widely used in travelogues of the period. The earliest Baedeker's to do so is the German edition of 1888. Prior to 1887 Nisi is not treated as Messini. Subsequent references to the place often refer to Nisi as "the popular name".
Recent population growth.
The populations of the town for the last few census' are given below.

</doc>
<doc id="18960572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960572" title="Andrew Simpson (sailor)">
Andrew Simpson (sailor)

Andrew James Simpson, MBE (17 December 1976 – 9 May 2013), nicknamed "Bart", was an English sailor. He won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, as crew for skipper Iain Percy in the Star class representing Great Britain. Simpson was killed in the capsize of the catamaran he was crewing on 9 May 2013, while training for the America's Cup in San Francisco Bay.
Career.
Simpson started his competitive sailing career in the Laser class, before switching to the heavier Finn class. He claimed the bronze medal at the 2003 ISAF Sailing World Championships in Cadiz in the Finn class; his training partner Ben Ainslie took the gold, with Great Britain topping the medal table. 
Simpson then moved to the two-man Star class, partnering lifelong friend Percy; they won a bronze medal at the 2007 ISAF Sailing World Championships in Cascais to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics. The pair won the gold medal in Beijing in the Star class. After winning the Olympic gold, Percy and Simpson took a break from Star sailing and were in the TeamORIGIN afterguard for the 2010 America's Cup. In 2010, he and Percy won the Star World Championships in Rio de Janeiro.
Simpson and Percy made the podium in every meeting of the ISAF Sailing World Cup in 2012, including gold at the Hyeres French World Cup regatta. They competed at the 2012 Olympic Games, again in the Star class, failing to defend their title despite being in the lead throughout the competition, but winning the silver medal. After the Star class was removed from the Olympic sailing disciplines, Simpson turned his attention to the America's Cup, moving to San Francisco to train in March 2013. He was known for his athleticism, and for his attention to detail in preparing the boat to obtain the best possible performance.
Death.
Simpson was killed on 9 May 2013, during training for the 34th America's Cup, when the Swedish Artemis Racing team yacht he was aboard capsized near Treasure Island in San Francisco Bay. The yacht, a 72-foot catamaran with a rigid, wing-like sail, was turning downwind and bearing away when it flipped over and broke into pieces. Simpson was trapped underneath its hulls for approximately ten minutes, and attempts to revive him by doctors afloat and subsequently ashore were unsuccessful. The cause of the accident is unknown. An investigation was initiated by the United States Coast Guard which involved San Francisco police and the America's Cup management.
In the aftermath of the accident, safety concerns were raised over the new AC72 class of yachts which had been chosen to compete in the 2013 America's Cup. This was the second accident involving the class; in October 2012 an Oracle Team USA AC72 also capsized in San Francisco Bay during training, causing substantial damage but no serious injuries. Christopher Clarey, writing in "The New York Times", described the class as "high-speed and high-risk." Stephen Park, who heads the British Olympic sailing team, commented: "they're very high powered and the loads on them are huge ... these boats are untrodden waters for sailing. A lot of the loads and a lot of the equipment is new and there are a lot of unknowns and things being tested." Sailing journalist Stuart Alexander, writing in "The Independent", stated that the AC72s are seen by some as "death traps." Simpson is the third sailor to be killed during training for the America's Cup. A steward was knocked overboard and drowned in 1935, while Spanish sailor Martin Wizner died in 1999, after being struck on the head by a piece of equipment that became detached. In early-June 2013, it was announced that the programme of events for the 2013 America's Cup would be significantly reduced in response to Simpson's death. Later that month, a review committee presented 37 proposed modifications to the event to an international jury which the committee deemed necessary to be fulfilled in order for the event to go ahead altogether.
John Derbyshire, performance director of the Royal Yachting Association, described Simpson as "a huge inspiration to others, both within the British Sailing Team and across the nation". Other tributes were paid by fellow sailors Ainslie and Percy, Olympian sport shooter, Peter Wilson, British Olympic Association's director of elite performance, Clive Woodward, and British Foreign Secretary, William Hague, amongst others. His funeral was held at Sherborne Abbey in his home town of Sherborne in Dorset.
Honours.
Simpson was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours.
Personal life.
Born in Chertsey, Surrey in 1976, Simpson was brought up in Sherborne, Dorset, where he later lived. He first learned to sail aged four or five, while visiting his grandparents at Christchurch, Dorset, and later sailed in a Seafly dinghy with his father, Keith. His talent brought him to the notice of Jim Saltonstall, who coached him in the Royal Yachting Association youth squad. Simpson attended Pangbourne College, a mixed boarding school in Berkshire, which originated as a nautical college and coached students in sailing. He studied at University College London, gaining a degree in economics. In addition to sailing, he was a keen footballer. 
Affectionately known as "Bart", after the character Bart Simpson, Simpson was described as having "steely determination and focus" but being "diplomatic, softly spoken". He is survived by his wife Leah and their two sons, Freddie and Hamish.

</doc>
<doc id="18960584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960584" title="Epigenes of Sicyon">
Epigenes of Sicyon

Epigenes of Sicyon was an Ancient Greek tragic poet. He has been confounded by some with his namesake the comic poet.
He is mentioned by Suidas as the most ancient writer of tragedy. By the word "tragedy" here we can understand only the old dithyrambic and satyrical "tragôidia", into which it is possible that Epigenes may have been the first to introduce other subjects than the original one of the fortunes of origin, if at least we may trust the account which we find in Apostolius, Photius, and Suidas, of the origin of the proverb "ouden pros ton Dtonuson". This would clearly be one of the earliest steps in the gradual transformation of the old dithyrambic performance into the dramatic tragedy of later times, and may tend to justify the statement which ascribes the invention of tragedy to the Sicyonians.
We do not know the period at which Epigenes flourished, and the point was a doubtful one in the time of Suidas, who says that, according to some, he was the 16th before Thespis, while, according to others, he almost immediately preceded him.

</doc>
<doc id="18960604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960604" title="Chris Love">
Chris Love

Chris Love (born in Columbia, Maryland) is an American soccer forward who currently serves as an assistant coach at UMass Boston. He spent five years playing both indoor and outdoor soccer in the National Professional Soccer League and USISL.
Player.
Love attended the University of Hartford, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1989 to 1992. He graduated in 1993 with a bachelors degree in communications. In 1994, he signed with the Baltimore Spirit of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL). He move to the Hampton Roads Mariners of the USISL in 1995. That fall, he moved to the Canton Invaders of the NPSL. He then played for Charlotte Eagles from 1996 to 1998. In 1999, Love played for the Maryland Mania of the USL A-League.
Coach.
In 2000, Love began his coaching career with Howard Community College. In 2008, he became an assistant coach with UMass Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="18960623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960623" title="Epigenius">
Epigenius

Epigenius (5th century AD) was a Byzantine jurist. He was a "comes et magister memoriae" and belonged to the commission of sixteen, appointed by Emperor Theodosius II in 435 AD, to compile the Theodosian Code, and one of the eight who actually signalized themselves in its composition.

</doc>
<doc id="18960624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960624" title="Subic International Raceway">
Subic International Raceway

Subic International Raceway is a racing circuit in the Philippines, built in 1994 on the site of a US naval base destroyed by eruption of Mount Pinatubo. Established through the efforts of famed race car driver Pocholo Ramirez, the site was bought by Sport Values Inc.
The racing circuit is built over the fuel farm and refueling installation at the old Naval Air Station in Cubi Point. It caters well for spectators, with a close infield in front of the pits and viewing areas, with several combinations of corners. These are followed by a short grandstand straight, a series of esses, and then two long straights both with fast corners halfway, alongside the main runway, now the Subic Bay International Airport.
Since then, the improvement and development of the track and competence of its officials has been at a constant pace. It gained FIM approval in 1997 and its grade four FIA license in 1998.
The track is 2.8 kilometres in length with 12 turns and has a 12 metre wide bitumen surface. Subic Bay has hosted South East Asia's Premier motorcycle, touring car and formula car events. The Marlboro Asia Pacific Road Racing Championship, Asian Festival of Speed (AFOS) featuring the Southeast Asian Touring Car Zone Challenge (SEATCZC) and the Asian Formula 2000 have all raced here, and it also hosts the Asian 1600 Touring Car Invitational Cup, the Philippine Japan Invitational Historic Car Races and the Hong Kong Classic Car Races. The major visitor to the track today is the Asian F3 Series.

</doc>
<doc id="18960635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960635" title="Pains, Minas Gerais">
Pains, Minas Gerais

Pains is a Brazilian municipality located in the center of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 8,122 people living in a total area of 418 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Oeste de Minas and to the micro-region of Formiga. It became a municipality in 1943.
Location.
The city center of Pains is located at an elevation of 693 meters a short distance west of Formiga. It is connected to Formiga, Divinópolis, and Belo Horizonte by highway MG-050. Neighboring municipalities are: Iguatama (N), Arcos (NE), Córrego Fundo (E), Formiga (S), Pimenta (SE), and Piumhi and Doresópolis (W).
Distances to other cities
Economic activities.
Services, mining, and industry are the most important economic activities. There are large deposits of limestone in the region, which is used in cement and fertilizer. In 2005 there were 39 extractive industries (mining) and 65 transformation industries. Transformation industries employed 818 workers. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$89 million, 8 million reais from taxes, 31 million reais from services, 35 million reais from industry, and 14 million reais from agriculture. There were 403 rural producers on 24,000 hectares of land (2006). 85 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 950 persons were involved in agriculture. The main crops are rice, beans, and corn. There were 28,000 head of cattle (2006).
There was one bank (2007). The motor vehicle fleet had 1,107 automobiles, 191 trucks, 151 pickup trucks, and 349 motorcycles (2007).
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 3 public health clinics and 1 hospital with 22 beds (2005). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Formiga or Divinópolis. Educational needs of 1,700 students were met by 2 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 1 pre-primary school. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$231.00 was well below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18960652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960652" title="Shareholder loan">
Shareholder loan

Shareholder loan is a debt-like form of financing provided by shareholders. Usually, it is the most junior debt in the company's debt portfolio, and since this loan belongs to shareholders it should be treated as equity. Maturity of shareholder loans is long with low or deferred interest payments. Sometimes, shareholder loan is confused with a loan from company extended to its shareholders.

</doc>
<doc id="18960653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960653" title="Arsacid Dynasty of Caucasian Albania">
Arsacid Dynasty of Caucasian Albania

The Arsacid Dynasty was a dynasty of Parthian origin, which ruled the kingdom of Caucasian Albania from the 1st to the 5th century AD. They were a branch of the Parthian Arsacid dynasty and together with the Arsacid rulers of the neighboring Armenia and Iberia formed a pan-Arsacid family federation. The Arsacids were succeeded by the Mihranid dynasty. The historian Movses Kaghankatvatsi provided a list of the last ten Arsacid kings of Albania from Vachagan I the Brave in the 2nd half of the third century to Vachagan III the Pious at the end of the fifth. It included the following rulers:

</doc>
<doc id="18960666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960666" title="List of directors with two or more Academy Awards for Best Director">
List of directors with two or more Academy Awards for Best Director

The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has given the Academy Award for Best Director to directors for their work in films since the conception of the Academy Awards. The 1st Academy Awards originally featured two directing awards: one for Dramatic Direction (won by Frank Borzage for "7th Heaven") and one for Comedy Direction (won by Lewis Milestone for "Two Arabian Knights"). The Comedy Direction award was not used in all subsequent ceremonies.
Throughout the history of the Academy Awards, there have been directors that have received multiple Academy Awards for Best Director. As of 2013 (85th Academy Awards), 19 directors have received two or more Academy Awards for Best Director. Three of these directors have received more than two Academy Awards for Best Director: John Ford (four Best Director awards), Frank Capra (three Best Director awards), and William Wyler (three Best Director awards).
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18960695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960695" title="The Last Sontaran">
The Last Sontaran

The Last Sontaran is the first story of Series 2 of "The Sarah Jane Adventures" and is a continuation of events from "Doctor Who" two-part story "The Sontaran Strategem" and "The Poison Sky". The two-part story, "The Last Sontaran", was broadcast on 29 September 2008; "Part One" as part of the CBBC slot on BBC One at 4.35 p.m.; "Part Two" on the CBBC Channel at 5.15 p.m.. This serial marks the departure of Maria Jackson.
Plot.
Part One.
Alan Jackson (Joseph Millson) is offered a job in Washington, D.C. in the United States of America, but seeks daughter Maria's (Yasmin Paige) and ex-wife Chrissie's (Juliet Cowan) approval before he relocates himself and Maria there.
After strange lights are sighted around the Tycho Radio Tower, Sarah Jane Smith (Elisabeth Sladen), Luke Smith (Tommy Knight), Clyde Langer (Daniel Anthony) and Maria investigate. As shown in the picture, they discover Sontaran Commander Kaagh (Anthony O'Donnell), the only survivor of the Tenth Sontaran Battle Fleet which was otherwise seen to be destroyed in "Doctor Who" episode "The Poison Sky". Kaagh plans to avenge his fleet by bringing Earth's satellites down on nuclear power plants across the world thereby wiping out all of humanity with the resultant explosions.
Part Two.
Failing to overpower Kaagh as he implements his plan, Sarah Jane, Luke, Clyde and Maria are saved by the arrival of Alan and Chrissie, the latter discovering the truth about Sarah Jane's alien investigations. Chrissie knocks Kaagh unconscious by jamming the high-heel of her shoe into the probic vent on the back of his neck, but an electrical charge also knocks her out and Alan and Maria think they can pass the day's events off to her as a dream. Luke is able to deactivate the computer Kaagh has rigged to ground the satellites and with his ship's weapons deactivated, Kaagh is sent back to his home planet, Sontar.
Six weeks later, Alan and Maria leave for America. Chrissie reveals to Sarah Jane that she remembers everything about the Sontaran incident.
Outside references.
Clyde and Luke refer to the Battle of Waterloo and the Battle of Hoth, the latter seen in "" (1980). Sarah Jane likens the empty observatory to deserted ship the "Mary Celeste". Clyde likens Kaagh to Conan the Barbarian, calls him "Bilbo" and accuses him of having a "little man complex". When Sarah Jane asks Mr Smith if he has acquired a sense of humor since his reboot, he replies, "I will run a diagnostics check immediately" whilst playing the sound effect associated with the Book from the television adaptation of "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy". Chrissie refers to Sarah Jane as "Mary Jane" and "Calamity Jane". When Alan tries to convince Chrissie that Maria is playing an alternate reality game, Chrissie compares it to the time they spent "looking for a golden rabbit" when they were dating, referring to Kit Williams' "Masquerade".
Production.
Writing.
Speaking to "Doctor Who Magazine", writer Phil Ford claims "we haven't seen a Sontaran like this before" and states the character "was just fantastic to write for". Ford thinks Kaagh is "the best Sontaran that we've ever seen in the "Doctor Who" world" and describes Anthony O'Donnell's performance as "fantastic... an amazing Sontaran". The Jacksons were written out as regulars in "The Sarah Jane Adventures" because Yasmin Paige left the series in order to focus on her GCSEs.
Broadcast and reception.
Broadcast.
"Part One" was first broadcast on BBC One at 4.35 p.m. on Monday 29 September 2008 and was repeated on the CBBC Channel at 5.00 p.m. on Saturday 4 October 2008. "Part Two" was first broadcast on the CBBC Channel at 5.15 p.m. on Monday 29 September 2008 and was repeated on BBC One at 4.35 p.m. on Monday 6 October 2008. Both episodes were made available for 21 days after first broadcast on the BBC iPlayer.
Overnight ratings for "Part One" of "The Last Sontaran" indicate that 0.7 million people (0.3 million above the average 0.4 million viewers for that time slot) watched the episode on BBC One on Monday 29 September 2008, earning it a 6.3 per cent share of the television audience. The Appreciation Index for the episode was 84 - the joint highest figure on BBC One on Monday 29 September 2008.
Critical reception.
Ben Rawson-Jones, Cult Editor for Digital Spy, praises "The Last Sontaran" for its "emotional content", but notes that "Part Two" "disappoints in the action stakes" following "Part One". He argues that the title "The Last Sontaran" nullifies any potential suspense prior to the revelation of the Sontaran as the force behind the mysterious lights, but praises O'Donnell's performance as Kaagh as being largely responsible for making the Sontaran plot a success. He views Sarah Jane's reaction to Maria's news that she is leaving as "a fascinating departure from her usual maternal role to the children" and suggests this is a result of Sarah Jane having been abandoned by the Fourth Doctor at the end of "Doctor Who" serial "The Hand of Fear". He claims Part Two has "of tension-free chase sequences function[ing as meaningless padding and lessenthe threat posed by Commander Kaagh", attributing the lack of tension to "inadequate direction." He brands Clyde and Luke as "dependable as ever" and the Jacksons as "endearing", the latter compensating "for [Part Two's action failings" with Maria and Alan's departure being "well handled" and "touching" and Chrissie being "a revelation...her seemingly vacuous nature has been replaced by an air of mystery." Although Rawson-Jones notes "the subplot featuring the Sontaran-controlled Professor stalking his own daughter Lucy is rather disturbing for a CBBC show that airs at 4.35pm", he describes the adventure as "[fittingly...death-free and surprisingly heartwarming." However, he laments "that this wonderful show is not being shown in a timeslot when the whole family could sit down to enjoy it together."
Writing for totalscifionline.com, Patrick Holm describes "Part One" as "Overall, a good start" but that "Some odd gaps in logic and excess runarounds make...["Part Two"] not as effective as it could have been." Holm expresses surprise at the lack of references to the "literally world-shaking events" of "Doctor Who" episode "Journey's End" which precedes this story chronologically and which saw a Dalek invasion of Earth and Sarah Jane, Luke and Mr Smith helping to defeat them and return Earth to its rightful place in space. However, he states Ford's script for "Part One" is "enjoyable" and praises its mixing of "old and new Who mythologies" with its many "other references back to the parent series ["Doctor Who"]". He also praises Ford for "giving the Sontarans a few new tricks" and notes that the effects in "Part One" indicate that the budget for "The Sarah Jane Adventures" has been increased. Whilst praising Knight and Langer for being "much more fluid in their movements", Holm does not share Rawson-Jones's appreciation for the emotional scenes in "Part One" regarding Maria's departure and claims they lack "the resonance you might expect." Holm does state, however, that "scenes regarding Maria’s departure are handled better...[in "Part Two", even if some of the closing scene platitudes are a little vomit-inducing." He cites as examples of weaknesses in "Part Two"; the ease with which Kaagh is fooled by the children; and the incredible luck Clyde has when Sarah Jane and Luke happen to be on the other side of a locked door in order to let him in thus saving him from Kaagh. He is also critical of the reuse of the threat of "something being brought crashing down to Earth...an overused plot last season" and observes that an "end of season rematch with Kaarg is unsubtly telegraphed". However, he does states that "are some good moments [in "Part Two", particularly as Chrissie Jackson gets more character development in one 30-second scene than she had in most of One".
Holm likens Sarah Jane's gang to Mystery, Inc. from "Scooby-Doo" and sees Kaagh as "a character somewhere between the sadistic Styre from "The Sontaran Experiment" and General Staal in "The Sonataran Stratagem"." Both Rawson-Jones and Holm view Kaagh's cloaking abilities as a "homage" to "'80s action classic" "Predator" (1987).
Novelisation.
This was the seventh of eleven Sarah Jane Adventures serials to be adapted as a novel. Written by Phil Ford, the book was first published in Paperback on 6 November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18960696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960696" title="The Day of the Clown">
The Day of the Clown

The Day of the Clown is the second story of Series 2 of "The Sarah Jane Adventures" The two-part serial was broadcast on 6 and 13 October 2008; "Part One" on the CBBC Channel at 5.15 p.m. on 6 October; "Part Two" on the CBBC Channel at 5.15 p.m. on 13 October. "The Day of the Clown" introduces main character Rani Chandra (Anjli Mohindra) and her parents, Haresh (Ace Bhatti) and Gita Chandra (Mina Anwar).
Plot.
Part One.
Luke Smith (Tommy Knight) is struggling to adjust to life without Maria Jackson (Yasmin Paige), she having moved to Washington, D.C. with her father. Meanwhile, the Chandras move into the Jacksons' old house on Bannerman Road and Sarah Jane Smith (Elisabeth Sladen) starts an investigation into disappearing children in the area. Sarah Jane makes Luke and Clyde promise her that they will not reveal her alien investigating secrets to the newcomers to Bannerman Road. 
Clyde Langer (Daniel Anthony) and Luke meet new girl Rani Chandra at school. After Clyde sees a clown in school prior to the sudden disappearance of a child, Rani reveals she is being stalked by a clown that no one else can see. With Clyde having got into trouble with the new Headteacher, Rani's father, Luke arranges to keep an eye on Rani in his place and goes round to her house to help her unpack. Sarah Jane and Clyde link the disappearances of the children to the Museum of the Circus, Clyde and two of the missing children having received tickets for it. Rani, who wants to become a journalist, begins her own investigation and makes the same connection to the Museum having found a ticket in a school book belonging to one of the missing children and having a ticket herself.
Sarah Jane and Clyde explore the Museum of the Circus and encounter Elijah Spellman (Bradley Walsh). Soon they are joined by Rani and Luke and Spellman sets his robotic clowns on the group. Sarah Jane halts the clowns with her sonic lipstick, and Luke theorises that Spellman is an alien. As Sarah Jane, Luke, Clyde and Rani attempt to escape the building, Spellman reveals himself to have been the legendary Pied Piper of Hamelin and now Odd Bob the Clown seeking to feed off their fear.
Part Two.
Sarah Jane and the rest escape through the back door. Then Sarah Jane tells Luke about why she's scared of clowns saying that a clown toy in her room apparently came to life when she was young. The next morning, Rani looks out of her bedroom window and sees Odd Bob's balloon in her garden. When she gets to the school she tells Luke and Clyde, then a load of balloons fall down from the sky, all the school children pick them up (apart from Luke, Clyde and Rani) and fall under the spell from Odd Bob, behaving much like the Pied Piper story. But Mr. Smith uses the cellular phone system to interfere with Odd Bob's control and the children are released. Then Odd Bob suddenly kidnaps Luke, and Sarah Jane must face her fears to save Luke. Then Clyde uses his funny jokes to dissipate their fear. Odd Bob requires fear to exist, and without it, he is forced to return to the meteorite he used to come to Earth. Sarah Jane puts the meteorite into a box from which nothing can escape, not even thoughts. In the end, Clyde says how the universe is always full of surprises after everyone gets invited to the Chandra's for dinner.
Outside references.
After Sarah Jane reveals her fear of clowns, Luke reveals that he knows Johnny Depp is also coulrophobic having read it in "Heat". Spellman outlines the history of clowns citing Pharaohs' fools, harlequins, Native American clowns and Mediaeval court jesters, and numerous references are made to the legend of "The Pied Piper of Hamelin".
Broadcast and reception.
Broadcast.
"Part One" was first broadcast on the CBBC Channel at 5.15 p.m. on Monday 6 October 2008 and was repeated as part of CBBC on BBC One at 4.35 p.m. on Monday 13 October 2008. It was made available for 14 days after first broadcast on the BBC iPlayer. "Part Two" was first broadcast on the CBBC Channel at 5.15 p.m. on Monday 13 October 2008 and was repeated on BBC One at 4.35 p.m. on Monday 20 October 2008.
Critical reception.
Writing for "Dreamwatch", Matt McAllister asserts that there may not be "quite enough here to sustain a double-episode worth" but observes that there are "memorable scenes, including an ingenious final showdown." He states that Walsh is "appropriately sinister...as Odd Bob the Clown" and describes Rani as "likeable", noting that having her father as the new Headteacher is "a nice little twist". McAllister thinks that the story "owes a big debt to Stephen King’s "It"" (1986) and that it has shades of "Torchwood" episode "From Out of the Rain" and "Doctor Who" serial "The Greatest Show in the Galaxy". In conclusion, McAllister notes that "his may not be earth-shattering kids’ TV, but it’s good creepy fun nonetheless."
Novelisation.
This was the eighth of eleven Sarah Jane Adventures serials to be adapted as a novel. Written by Phil Ford, the book was first published in Paperback on 6 November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18960699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960699" title="The Mark of the Berserker">
The Mark of the Berserker

The Mark of the Berserker is a story of "The Sarah Jane Adventures" which was broadcast on CBBC on 3 and 10 November 2008. It is the fourth serial of the second series. Due to Elisabeth Sladen's commitments elsewhere, main character Sarah Jane has a minor role in this serial, making the episodes similar to the 'Doctor-lite' episodes of Doctor Who ("Love & Monsters", "Blink", "Turn Left" and "The Girl Who Waited") which do not feature The Doctor heavily, as well as the "Torchwood" episode "Random Shoes", which had minor roles for most of the main cast.
Plot.
Part 1.
Luke Smith is going for a sleepover at Clyde Langer's house whilst Sarah Jane goes away for the weekend. Clyde's estranged father Paul turns up hoping to get to know his son. Jacob, the unpopular kid in school, is in possession of an alien pendant. Jacob discovers that he can use it to control other people. When he takes a teacher's and other student's voice in a detention, Jacob rushes to the bathroom to wash the handmark off. When he successfully does so, Rani knocks on the door and distracts him. Jacob leaves the room but hides outside. Rani enters the bathroom cautiously, and finds the pendant. When she discovers, through instructing her dad, that it can control people, she takes it to Sarah Jane's house for Mr Smith to investigate it. Sarah Jane, however, has disabled Mr Smith while she is away. Rani leaves the pendant hanging on a roof beam. Clyde tells his father about the adventures he has with Luke, "saving the world". When his father does not believe him, Clyde takes him to visit Sarah Jane's attic. While Clyde shows him some of the objects in the attic and tells him about Mr Smith, Paul notices the pendant and pockets it. When they leave the house, Rani's father spots them and comes over to investigate. In possession of the alien pendant, Paul discovers that he can control people, after making Rani's father a victim of the pendant for the second time that day. After Luke and Rani turn up, Paul instructs his son Clyde, over whom he now has control, to forget who they are and that he has ever seen them before. Clyde, as he must, accepts his father's command.
Part 2.
After Clyde goes off with Paul, Luke and Rani ponder about what to do to save their friend. After unsuccessfully trying to contact Sarah Jane, who is pursuing a mischievous slug-like alien in a hospital, they contact Maria and her father in Washington DC. They send a picture of the pendant to them to investigate as Mr Jackson can hack into UNIT. They discover that the pendant belongs to a race of alien warriors known as the Berserkers, and that using the pendant can change the user into one of them, including marking their hands and turning their veins blue. Rani's father refuses to stop the pressups and Paul gets everything he wants for free, and uses this as a bonding method with his son. He instructs Clyde to forget about how he left him and his mum when he was young and, indeed, to forget about his mum.
Luke and Rani head over to Clyde's house and explain the situation to Clyde's mum, Carla. Together, they get into Carla's car and drive off to find Clyde and Paul.
The effects of the pendant take over Paul's skin and his mind. He cannot control it and collapses, but then stands up, now possessed by the pendant. He announces that he is the Berserker and that Clyde is his soldier. Sarah Jane appears and Clyde recognizes her. She tells him that his mum, Rani, and Luke are the most important people in his life when he asks who they are. Clyde and his mum talk Paul through his memories, whilst Sarah Jane shows him a reflection of himself in the mirror, and he remembers who he really is. Everyone who the Berserker commanded has their commands undone. Clyde tries to get his mum and dad back together, but Paul tells his son that he has made his Mum's sister pregnant. Clyde tells his father he doesn't need him and not to mess up with this baby. Clyde tells his mother to forget about the pendant, what she knows about Sarah Jane's adventures with her son, and his father. Clyde chucks away the pendant, into the sea. Sarah Jane reveals that her parents died when she was young and she would do anything to see them again. When Clyde is gone, she takes out a picture of her mother and father and rubs her finger over the latter.
Cultural references.
As Clyde's mum prepares breakfast, the Mika song "Grace Kelly" plays on the radio. As Paul and Clyde take advantage of the pendant's power on their shopping spree, The Kooks' track "Do You Want to See the World?" is played on the soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="18960705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960705" title="Simon Mbatshi Batshia">
Simon Mbatshi Batshia

Simon Mbatshi Batshia (born 24 May 1949) is a politician from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He has been the Governor of Bas-Congo Province since 24 February 2007.
In 2007, Batshia ordered the opening of the border between Democratic Republic of the Congo and the neighboring Republic of the Congo at Luozi, which had been closed for ten years, in hopes of increasing trade among people living near the border.
Education.
Simon MBATSHI-BATSHIA attended the Mvuangu primary school from 1956 to 1962. From 1962 to 1966 he was enrolled at the little seminary of Mbata Kiela, before to integrate the college St Eloi of Luozi from 1966 to 1968. After obtaining his state diploma, options Greek and Latin, he joins the Lovanium University of Kinshasa (1968-1972) from where he graduates with a degree in commercial and consular sciences.
Professional Career & Politics.
He begins his professional career teaching at the Dr. Shaumba high school in 1973. 
From 1973 to 1977, he is head of office at the Caisse d’Epargne du Congo (Cadeco - Savings Bank of Congo). From 1974 to 1977, he assumes the role of managing director at the Sogem (Societe de Gestion et de Management - Administration and Management Company). 
From 1977 to 1982, he is commissaire du peuple (member of parliament), elected from the Bas Fleuve constituency. 
From 1982 to 1985 he is continuously a member of Government, then lead by Leon Kengo wa Dondo, that he first joined at 33 years old. He is first State Secretary (deputy minister) for Economy, Industry and International trade from 1984 to 1985. He is then promoted to Minister (Commissaire d’Etat) for Economy and Industry. 
Simon Mbatshi Batshia will then come back in the government from April 1986 as Minister for Work and Social Affairs.
After his ministerial responsibilities, Simon Mbatshi Batshia will be President and CEO of two state owned companies. First he runs the Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer du Zaire (now known as SNCC - National Rail Company) from 1988 to 1991. He then assumes the same role for the Office de Gestion du Fret Maritime (OGEFREM - Naval Trade Management Company) from 1991 to 1992. It was then rumored that he could become Governor of the Central Bank in 1994, but Patrice Djamboleka was chosen instead.
After leaving his public duties, Simon Mbatshi Batshia returns to the private sector where he invests in the customs industry as well as in wine, spirits and fish distribution from South Africa. He had assumed the role of President of Aspen-Congo, African Fish Trading (Afitra) and Phoenix International.All introduced to him by Andre Engelbrecht who he said he would never forget.
Simon Mbatshi Batshia came back into politics at the January 2007 provincial elections when he has been elected Governor of the Bas-Congo province; role that he assumes until now. He action has been characterized by the battle for the retrocession of 40% of provincial income from the central government. His mandate has been marked by the creation of a provincial fiscal office (REPERE – Régie Provinciale d’Encadrement des Recettes) as well as the establishment of the COPIDE (Commission pour la Promotion des Investissements et du Développement du Bas-Congo - Commission of Investments and Development Promotion in Bas-Congo) and the CLCFT (Commission de Lutte contre la Corruption, la Fraude et les Tracasseries administratives - Anti Corruption, Frauds and administrative hassle Commission).
Simon Mbatshi Batshia is also consultant in conflicts resolution at the CCR (Centre for Conflict Resolution) based in Cape Town, South AFrica and member of the SAIIA (South AFrican Institute for International Affairs).
At the conclusion of the general election of Novembre 28th 2011, Simon Mbatshi Batshia was elected National Deputy of the district of Lukula. Choosing to sit in the National Assembly, he so gave up his governor’s mandate in date of March 6, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18960727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960727" title="The Mummers' Dance">
The Mummers' Dance

"The Mummers' Dance" is a single by Canadian Celtic Singer Loreena McKennitt from the album "The Book of Secrets" in 1997. The song was a surprise hit in the United States, reaching #3 in Adult Top 40, #17 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart and #18 on The Billboard Hot 100.
The song is the theme song of the TV series "Legacy". It was also featured in the trailer for the film "Ever After", starring Drew Barrymore, and in the soundtrack of the Brazilian telenovela "Corpo Dourado". The song was also made into a music video.
The song was frequently used on the late-night syndicated radio talk show Coast To Coast AM, when show host Art Bell hosted the show.
The song refers to seasonal Mummers Play performed by groups of actors, often as house-to-house visits.

</doc>
<doc id="18960729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960729" title="Instituto Lingüístico de Verano (Mexico)">
Instituto Lingüístico de Verano (Mexico)

The Instituto Lingüístico de Verano A.C. (abbreviated ILV, in ) is a non-profit organization incorporated in Mexico with the legal status of a civil association ("Asociación Civil"). It is the affiliate body in Mexico to the overarching parent organization SIL International, a worldwide U.S.-based evangelical Protestant organization that sponsors the study, documentation and development of indigenous and minority languages across the world. ILV in Mexico was formally established in 1948, with a stated focus on the study and documentation of the indigenous languages of Mexico and involvement with Mexico's indigenous peoples' affairs generally. The Institute publishes dictionaries, grammars and other literacy and education materials in many of the indigenous languages, and it is also a sponsor of language workshops, presentations and conferences. As a body with ongoing degrees of association and sponsorship of Christian missionary activities and goals, ILV also works to produce translations of Biblical texts in local languages.
While its work in the fields of linguistics and cultural anthropology has been lauded and recognized as substantial and positive contributions in many quarters, some of the ILV's activities have also attracted criticism and controversy with a number of anthropologists and other commentators severely criticizing its relations with Evangelical proselytism, and also alleging political involvement, pro-U.S. stance and acculturation policies.

</doc>
<doc id="18960742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960742" title="Battle of Pinhoe">
Battle of Pinhoe

The Battle of Pinhoe was a battle between the Danes and the Devons of Pinhoe.
The battle.
In 1001 Vikings laid a siege to Exeter. But due to the strong fortification of Athelstan they started pillaging nearby villages. Men from Devon and Somerset fought the Danes to stop their invasion. The battle was hard and the defenders nearly used up all their ammunition. 
The priest of Pinhoe.
A priest of Pinhoe wanted to supply his troops with ammunition. He sneaked through the Danish lines and ran to Exeter to get arrows and arms. He successfully returned to the defending Saxons and supplied them with the weapons.
The burning of Pinhoe.
The weapons were not sufficient for the Saxons to defeat the Vikings. The Vikings infiltrated Pinhoe and burned it to the ground. This was as a warning for the citizens of Exeter.
The legacy of the priest.
The priest was awarded for his outstanding bravery an annual payment of 16 shillings which was as high as the Vicar of Pinhoe earned.

</doc>
<doc id="18960783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960783" title="2000 Heineken Open – Singles">
2000 Heineken Open – Singles

Magnus Norman defeated Michael Chang 3-6, 6-3, 7-5 to win the 2000 Heineken Open singles competition. Tommy Haas was the defending champion.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18960784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960784" title="Bill Ricker">
Bill Ricker

William Edwin (Bill) Ricker, (August 11, 1908 – September 8, 2001) is an important founder of fisheries science. He is best known for the Ricker model, which he developed in his studies of stock and recruitment in fisheries. The model can be used to predict the number of fish that will be present in a fishery. He also had an international standing as an entomologist and a scientific editor. He published 296 papers and books, 238 translations, and 148 scientific or literary manuscripts.
Achievements.
Born in Waterdown, Ricker was an authority in the taxonomy of stoneflies, and evolved an elegant classification which his fellow entomologists praised as "a thing of beauty and simplicity that made evolutionary sense". 
In fisheries, he researched issues centred on Canadian fisheries and how to manage them. He is known particularly for his 1954 paper on recruitment and stock. He is also known for his "Handbook of Computation for Biological Statistics of Fish Populations", published in 1958. This 348 page handbook became the standard reference for students and professionals around the world. It is still used in China as the standard text for fisheries science. 
In 1950 Ricker became editor of the "Journal of the Fisheries Research Board", and during his twelve-year tenure developed this into perhaps the most influential fisheries science journal in the world. 
In his 1969 paper, "Food from the sea", he reasoned that the quantity of food that could be harvested from the sea would be 150–160 million tonnes or 2.5 times the level in 1968. He demonstrated that an estimate of 100 million tonnes was too low and an estimate of 200 million tonnes was too high. 
Ricker taught himself Russian so he could read the original papers of Feodor Baranov, a Russian fisheries scientist. In 1973 he published a 428 page Russian–English dictionary on terminology in hydrobiological science for students of fisheries and aquatic biology (Ricker 1973). This dictionary remains the only specialized text on fisheries terminology.
Honours.
His medals and awards include: in 1970 the Flavelle Medal, in 1966 the Professional Institute of the Public Service of Canada Gold Medal, and in 1983 the F.E.J. Fry Medal. In 1969, he received the first Award of Excellence of the American Fisheries Society. On his death in 2001, the Society established the William E. Ricker Resource Conservation Award. The University of Manitoba, Dalhousie University, and the University of Guelph, awarded him honorary doctoral degrees, and in 1986 he was appointed to the Order of Canada. 
The Canadian Coast Guard fisheries research vessel CCGS "W.E. Ricker" is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18960791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960791" title="PB Max">
PB Max

PB Max was a candy bar made in the United States by Mars, launched in 1989 or 1990. They were made of creamy peanut butter and oats on top of a square-shaped whole grain cookie, enrobed in milk chocolate.
The peanut butter in PB Max was sweetened with sugar and mixed with hydrogenated vegetable oil to prevent separation. The label's serving suggestion was "1 piece" weighing 42 g, containing 240 calories, 5 g protein, 20 g carbohydrates, 16 g fat, and 150 mg sodium.
Early television commercials for PB Max declared that the "PB" in its name didn't stand for things such as "piggy banks, polka band, portly ballerina, platinum blonde, penguin black-belt, pig basketball, plow boy, pure bliss, parachuting buffalo," or "pink baboon" — but that it in fact stood for "peanut butter."
According to former Mars executive Alfred Poe, PB Max was discontinued due to the Mars family's distaste for peanut butter, despite $50 million in sales.
Ingredients.
Peanut butter (peanuts, sugar, hydrogenated vegetable oil, salt), milk chocolate (sugar, cocoa butter, milk, chocolate, soy lecithin, vanillin), partially hydrogenated vegetable oil (canola, soybean and cottonseed), oats, flour, sugar, mono and diglycerides, baking soda, high fructose corn syrup, TBHQ.

</doc>
<doc id="18960806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960806" title="William Bulmer">
William Bulmer

Sir William Peter 'Bill' Bulmer, KStJ, DL, ERD (20 May 1920 – 28 November 2012) was Lord Lieutenant of West Yorkshire from 1978 to 1985. Having escaped from a POW camp during World War II, he went on to become managing director of the family business, Bulmer & Lumb, between 1963 and 1985. He has been described as 'a leading figure in the textile industry'.
Early life.
Bulmer was born on in Cullingworth, near Bradford. He was educated at Bradford Grammar School, an independent school in Frizinghall, Bradford, and Wrekin College, a public school in Wellington, Shropshire. While at Wrekin College, he reached the rank of Cadet Company Quartermaster Sergeant in the school's Officer Training Corps. He then attended Bradford Technical College on a two-year course in textile subjects.
Military service.
On 10 June 1939, Bulmer was commissioned as a second lieutenant into the Royal Regiment of Artillery's supplementary reserve of officers. He transferred to the Regular Army Reserve of Officers on 10 June 1949 in the rank of captain.
Honours and decorations.
On 15 December 1942, it was noted in The London Gazette that Bulmer had been Mentioned in Despatches 'in recognition of gallant and distinguished services in the Middle East during the period November, 1941, to April, 1942'. On 3 August 1944, it was noted in The London Gazette that Bulmer had been further Mentioned in Despatches 'in recognition of gallant and distinguished services in the field'. He was awarded the Army Emergency Reserve Decoration (ERD) in 1996.
It was announced in the 1974 Queen's Birthday Honours, that he was to be honoured as a Knight Bachelor 'for services to export'. On 17 July 1974, he was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace. In December 1978, he was appointed Knight of the Venerable Order of Saint John (KStJ).
On 26 March 1974, he was appointed High Sheriff of West Yorkshire for a year. On 30 September 1977, he was appointed Deputy Lieutenant for the West Yorkshire. On 5 April 1978, he was appointed Lord Lieutenant of West Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18960812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960812" title="George Fury">
George Fury

George Fury (born 31 January 1945 in Hungary) is a retired Australian rally and racing car driver. For the majority of his career Fury was associated with Nissan, twice winning the Australian Rally Championship, and twice runner up in the Australian Touring Car Championship. Fury, a farmer living and working in the New South Wales country town of Talmalmo, was nicknamed "Farmer George" or "The Talmalmo Farmer".
Rallying.
Fury rose to prominence during the 1970s as part of the Howard Marsden run Datsun Rally Team, racing Datsun Violet 710 SSS and Datsun 1600s, winning the 1977 Australian Rally Champion (tied on points with Ross Dunkerton), then later driving a Datsun Stanza, he won the Australian Championship in 1980. Fury also twice won the Southern Cross Rally in 1978 and 1979.
Touring cars.
Group C.
A shift in emphasis in 1981 saw the Datsun Rally Team abandoned in favour of a circuit racing program for a turbo charged Nissan Bluebird. Fury joined Fred Gibson as drivers and proved instantly competitive, though he was still seen more as a rally driver and less as a circuit racer. By 1983 the Bluebird competitive with the outright Holden Commodore's, Ford Falcon's and Mazda RX-7's, and with the benefit of running in the "Up to and including 3000cc" class which gave bonus points for outright placings, Fury narrowly lost the 1983 Australian Touring Car Championship by six points to Allan Moffat after the Nissan team decided not to attend the final round of the series. Helped by the controversial point scoring system (Fury had scored more points for finishing second in the opening round at Calder than Moffat had for winning), Fury led the entire championship despite not winning a race until the Nissan team boycotted the final round at Lakeside in Brisbane.
Fury scored his first two race wins with the opening two rounds of the 1983 Australian Endurance Championship at Amaroo Park (Silastic 300) and 2 weeks later at the Oran Park 250, before going on to qualify 2nd for the James Hardie 1000 at Bathurst. Fury would give the Bluebird program its finest moment at the 1984 James Hardie 1000, qualifying on pole position for the final Group C Bathurst 1000 with a time of 2:13.85 in Hardies Heroes. The Bluebird was the only Group C car to ever lap the old 6.172 km (3.835 mi) Mount Panorama Circuit under 2:14.00 (Peter Brock got closest with a 2:14.03 in his V8 Holden Commodore in the same Hardies Heroes). As a mark of its continued development and competitiveness, the turbocharged Bluebird had qualified 3rd at Bathurst in 1982 (Masahiro Hasemi), 2nd in 1983 (Fury) and 1st in 1984 (Fury).
Fury's lap time at Bathurst was not bettered by a touring car until qualifying for the 1990 Tooheys 1000 by Tony Longhurst in a Group A Ford Sierra RS500. Longhurst's time of 2:13.84 was set after the circuit was extended to 6.213 km in 1987. Fury's time was not bettered in the Top 10 runoff until 1991 when Mark Skaife recorded a 2:12.63 in a Nissan GT-R.
George Fury gave both Nissan and turbo charging its first win in the ATCC in 1984 when he won Round 7 of the championship at Lakeside in Brisbane. With the Nissan team missing several rounds of the championship to concentrate on engine development of the 1.8 litre Straight-4 turbo engine to improve both power and reliability, Fury could only finish 11th in the championship. Fury later claimed pole for the 1984 Castrol 500 at Sandown Raceway in Melbourne before going on to claim pole at Bathurst. Fury's pole time of 1:46.2 would remain the fastest ever touring car lap of the new 3.9 km International Circuit at Sandown.
Driving his Bluebird turbo, George Fury won the last ever competitive Group C Touring Car race on the Australian mainland when he won the Group C support race at the 1984 Australian Grand Prix at Calder Park in Melbourne on 18 November. Fury won the 25 lap race from the previously unbeaten HDT VK Commodore of Peter Brock with the VK Commodore of Warren Cullen finishing third.
Group A.
In 1985 the adoption of International Group A put Fury on the sidelines for a year while the Nissan team developed the Nissan Skyline RS DR30 into a racing touring car. Fury did perform some guest drives for the Frank Gardner run JPS Team BMW, finishing 2nd with Neville Crichton at Sandown but scoring a DNF at Bathurst. Returning to racing with the Fred Gibson run Peter Jackson Nissan team in 1986 where in its first year of competition Fury, driving the new Skyline, lost the 1986 Australian Touring Car Championship by just five points to Robbie Francevic despite winning 5 races of the 10 round championship to Francevic's 3. Retirements at Round 1 at Amaroo Park and again in Round 4 at Adelaide hurt his chances as Francevic only failed to finish at Calder Park for Round 7.
Fury won four of the six rounds of the 1986 Australian Endurance Championship, including winning the Castrol 500 at Sandown, but could only finish second behind Jim Richards after not starting the opening race at Amaroo Park and failing to finish at Bathurst where he had qualified third on the grid.
The emergence of Glenn Seton as a touring car driver, and two retirements in rounds three and four of the 1987 ATCC (despite finishing 3rd in the opening round at Calder behind winner Seton, and winning Round 2 a week later at Symmons Plains), saw pushed Fury into a supporting role for Seton for the remainder of the championship, but Fury still finished third in the championship behind Seton and Jim Richards who won his second ATCC driving a BMW M3.
George then teamed with Sydney driver Terry Shiel to win his second consecutive Sandown 500, before the pair went on to finish third at Bathurst which in 1987 was a round of the inaugural World Touring Car Championship.
1988 was a frustrating year for Nissan with an abbreviated program forced by development of the new R31 model Skyline into a competitive car. Jim Richards joined Nissan in 1989 replacing Seton who had departed to start his own team, but with the emergence of another young driver in Mark Skaife, Fury saw a diminished role for himself and left the team at the end of the year. George Fury's final win ATCC win came in Round 7 of the 1989 ATCC when he scored a surprise win in wet conditions at the tight Winton Motor Raceway in country Victoria.
Without a regular touring car drive in 1990, Fury returned to rallying, dominating the early rounds of the 1990 Australian Rally Championship until a lack of funding ended his run. He then joined former Nissan team mate Seton for the 1990 Australian Endurance Championship, where Fury and Seton won the 1990 Sandown 500 in a Ford Sierra RS500. It would prove be George Fury's last touring car win.
In 1991 Fury qualified third for the 1991 James Hardie 12 Hour at Bathurst in a Mitsubishi Galant VR4. During the race the car encountered a problem with its engine computer when it didn't recognise the use of unleaded fuel. To repair the problem the battery had to be disconnected to erase its memory. Driving with Rod Jones and Brisbane touring car privateer Alf Grant, Fury finished the first Bathurst 12 Hour in 9th place.

</doc>
<doc id="18960827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960827" title="Russian ship Caesar Kunikov (BDK-64)">
Russian ship Caesar Kunikov (BDK-64)

"Caesar Kunikov" (BDK-64) () is a Project 775 (NATO reporting name: Ropucha-I) class large landing ship ("Bol'shoy Desatnyy Korabl") of the Russian Navy. She is named after Caesar Lvovich Kunikov, the commanding officer of a landing party that captured the beach-head of Malaya Zemlya, a Hero of the Soviet Union.
The ship was built at the Stocznia Pólnocna shipyard in Gdańsk, Poland, and launched on 30 October 1986.
She is currently in service with Black Sea Fleet's 197th Landing Ship Brigade, of the 30th Division of Surface Ships, and homeported in Sevastopol. She is under the patronage of the city of Zelenograd.
Combat action.
"Caesar Kunikov" was the flagship of the Russian squadron that participated in the battle off the coast of Abkhazia during the 2008 South Ossetia war.

</doc>
<doc id="18960854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960854" title="Tong Xin">
Tong Xin

Tong Xin (born 1982) is a female Chinese sport shooter. She competes in the 25 metre pistol and 10 metre air pistol, of which she has been most successful in the latter. She placed sixth in the 2005 ISSF World Cup Final and has won three medals at World Cup events: a silver in Changwon 2005, a gold in Changwon 2009 and a silver in Munich 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18960860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960860" title="Belluno Airport">
Belluno Airport

Belluno Airport is an airport located in Belluno, Italy. The airport is also known as Arturo Dell'Oro Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="18960879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960879" title="Bobby Moynihan">
Bobby Moynihan

Robert Michael "Bobby" Moynihan, Jr. (born January 31, 1977) is an American actor and comedian, and since 2008 a cast member on "Saturday Night Live".
Early life.
Moynihan was born and raised in Eastchester, New York, to parents Irene and Robert, Sr. He graduated from the University of Connecticut in 1999 with a Bachelor's degree in theater. At Eastchester High School he was a part of the tech club and the players club.
Career.
Before joining the cast of "SNL", Moynihan had been performing as an improvisational comedian with the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre (UCB) in New York City for about ten years. At UCB he was a member of the improv sketch groups "Police Chief Rumble" and "The Stepfathers". Moynihan was also part of the sketch-comedy trio "The Buffoons" with comedians Charlie Sanders and Eugene Cordero. The trio performed regularly at UCB for many years and were a featured act at Montreal's "Just For Laughs" Comedy Festival in 2007.
Moynihan has also frequently performed with the Derrick Comedy sketch group and appeared in many of their popular internet videos and various projects. He also filmed a supporting role in the group's feature film "Mystery Team", which premiered at Sundance in 2009 before a limited theatrical release.
In the mid-2008, Moynihan had a supporting role in the popular web-series "The Line", an online video project funded by Lorne Michaels' production company, directed by "SNL" head writer Seth Meyers, and starring "SNL" cast members Bill Hader and Jason Sudeikis. He acted as a sketch regular on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" for a number of years and was a contributing writer on MTV's "Human Giant", and in years past, he often submitted scripts to "SNL" with comedy partner Charlie Sanders. Moynihan has also acted in a number of comedy shorts for the website "collegehumor.com", including their recent web-series "Every Week on Entourage" where he plays "Turtle" from Entourage.
During the summer of 2008, Moynihan gained a bit of recognition when he was featured in a national television ad campaign for ESPN Radio with Yankees broadcaster Michael Kay. In the summer of 2009, Moynihan starred in the music video for Colbie Caillat's single, "Fallin' For You". He also appeared in three of The Lonely Island's music videos; Boombox, Shy Ronnie 2 and Threw It On The Ground. He made a memorable guest appearance as the drug addicted Conrad Bellingham on "Mercy". He also appeared in the films "The Invention of Lying", "When in Rome", and "Certainty".
Moynihan currently stars in the titular role in the FX animated comedy "Chozen", which premiered on January 13, 2014.
Personal life.
Moynihan is an avid reader of comics, and once invited comics creators Dave Johnson, J. Scott Campbell and Amanda Conner to the same "Saturday Night Live" after-party to which co-star Taran Killam invited his "Illegitimates" co-writer Marc Andreyko and members of the IDW Publishing staff, which Andreyko characterized as a "mini-comic con."

</doc>
<doc id="18960908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960908" title="NHS Direct Wales">
NHS Direct Wales

NHS Direct Wales is a 24-hour telephone and internet health advice service provided by NHS Wales to enable people to obtain advice when use of the national emergency telephone number (999 or 112) does not seem to be appropriate but there is some degree of urgency; it also functions as a confidential advice service for some medical matters which a patient might be reluctant to discuss with their own General Practitioner (GP) and has subsidiary helplines for specific health matters such as human papillomavirus (HPV).
It does not replace any of the existing emergency or non-emergency medical services but complements those already existing and enables callers who might not be fully able to diagnose themselves to be directed to care of an appropriate level of urgency, including transport to hospital if the diagnosis merits that action.
Organisation and history.
This service was originally provided as part of NHS Direct covering both England and Wales until it was transferred to Welsh control in June 2001. On 1 April 2007 management of NHS Direct Wales was transferred from Swansea NHS Trust to the Welsh Ambulance Services NHS Trust.
NHS Direct Wales once provided the out-of-hours service for GPs in Anglesey, Gwynedd and Swansea Local Health Board areas.
Contact methods.
Telephone.
The telephone number for NHS Wales is 0845 46 47 (the same number as used for the equivalent service in England).
NHS Direct Wales also has integrated services with many of the A&E departments in Wales where symptomatic callers phoning their A&E department will be transferred to NHS Direct for clinical triage. The service also fronts many of the helplines on behalf of Public Health dealing with issues such as the cryptosporidia outbreak in North Wales, HPV, smoking etc.
The textphone service is on 0845 606 4647.
Access via RNID Typetalk is on 18001 0845 4647.
Callers receive a recorded announcement describing the services available and when appropriate will be transferred to a call handler with an option for Welsh language who will take their details and pass them on to another person with relevant skills or will arrange for them to be called back within three hours. If a problem appears serious enough then an ambulance will be sent. Callers can stay anonymous if they wish.
Internet.
The NHS Direct Wales website provides a gateway to a number of resources in English, Welsh and other languages including a health encyclopaedia and the locations of GP surgeries, dentists, pharmacists, opticians, and other services.
The website does not provide an online diagnosis for current symptoms, but you can use the online enquiry service to ask a non-symptomatic question about anything else related to health, e.g. questions about health costs, questions about how to make a complaint, questions about what travel vaccinations are required.

</doc>
<doc id="18960922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960922" title="Coot (program)">
Coot (program)

The program Coot (Crystallographic Object-Oriented Toolkit) is used to display and manipulate atomic models of macromolecules, typically of proteins or nucleic acids, using 3D computer graphics. It is primary focussed on the building and validation of atomic models into 3-dimensional electron density maps obtained by X-ray crystallography methods, although it has also been applied to data from electron microscopy.
Overview.
Coot displays electron density maps and atomic models and allows model manipulations such as idealization, real space refinement, manual rotation/translation, rigid-body fitting, ligand search, solvation, mutations, rotamers, and Ramachandran idealization. The software is designed to be easy-to-learn for novice users, achieved by ensuring that tools for common tasks are 'discoverable' through familiar user interface elements (menus and toolbars), or by intuitive behaviour (mouse controls). Recent developments have enhanced the usability of the software for expert users, with customisable key bindings, extensions, and an extensive scripting interface.
Coot is free software, distributed under the GNU GPL. It is available from the Coot web site at the University of York. Pre-compiled binaries are available for Linux and Windows from York, and for Mac OS X through Fink. Additional support is available through the Coot wiki.
The primary author is Paul Emsley (University of Oxford). Other contributors include Kevin Cowtan, Bernhard Lohkamp and Stuart McNicholas (University of York) and William Scott and Eugene Krissinel.
Features.
Coot can be used to read files containing 3D atomic coordinate models of macromolecular structures in a number of formats, including pdb, mmcif, and Shelx files. The model may then be rotated in 3D and viewed from any viewpoint. The atomic model is represented by default using a stick-model, with vectors representing chemical bonds. The two halves of each bond are coloured according to the element of the atom at that end of the bond, allowing chemical structure and identity to be visualised in a manner familiar to most chemists.
Coot can also display electron density, which is the result of structure determination experiments such as X-ray crystallography and EM reconstruction. The density is contoured using a 3D-mesh. The contour level controlled using the mouse wheel for easy manipulation - this provides a simple way for the user to get an idea of the 3D electron density profile without the visual clutter of multiple contour levels. Electron density may be read into the program from ccp4 or cns map formats, how it is more normal to calculate an electron density map directly from the X-ray diffraction data, read from an mtz, hkl, fcf or mmcif file.
Coot provides extensive features for model building and refinement - i.e. adjusting the model to better fit the electron density, and for validation - i.e. checking that the atomic model agrees with the experimentally derived electron density and makes chemical sense. The most important of these tools is the real space refinement engine, which will optimise the fit of a section of atomic model to the electron density in real time, with graphical feedback. The user may also intervene in this process, dragging the atoms into the right places if the initial model is too far away from the corresponding electron density.
Model building tools.
Tools for general model building:
Tools for moving existing atoms:
Tools for adding atoms to the model:
Validation tools.
In macromolecular crystallography, the observed data is often weak and the observation-to-parameter ratio near 1. As a result it is possible to build an incorrect atomic model into the electron density in some cases. To avoid this, careful validation is required. Coot provides a range of validation tools, listed below. Having built an initial model, it is usual to check all of these and reconsider any parts of the model which are highlighted as problematic before deposition of the atomic coordinates with a public database.
Program architecture.
Coot build upon a number of libraries. Crystallographic tools include the Clipper library for manipulating electron density and providing crystallographic algorithms, and the MMDB for the manipulation of atomic models. Other dependencies include FFTW, and the GNU Scientific Library.
Much of the program functionality is available through a scripting interface, which provides access from both the Python and Guile scripting languages.
Relation to CCP4mg.
The CCP4mg molecular graphics software from Collaborative Computational Project Number 4 is a related project with which Coot shares some code. The projects are focussed on slightly different problems, with CCP4mg dealing with presentation graphics and movies, whereas Coot deals with model building and validation.
Impact in the crystallographic computing community.
The software has over the past 5 years gained considerable popularity, overtaking widely used packages such as 'O', XtalView, and Turbo Frodo. The primary publication has been cited in over 10,000 independent scientific papers since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18960931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960931" title="Hilowle Imam Omar">
Hilowle Imam Omar

Dr. Hilowle Imam Omar is a Somali politician who hails from the Harti abgaal clan (a subclan of abgaal). He took part in the Somali National Reconciliation Conference in Kenya. He was a member of the USC a former Mogadishu based faction.

</doc>
<doc id="18960934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960934" title="List of airlines of Bangladesh">
List of airlines of Bangladesh

<noinclude>
This is a list of airlines which have an Air Operator Certificate issued by the Civil Aviation Authority of Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="18960938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960938" title="6 Hours of Vallelunga">
6 Hours of Vallelunga

The 6 Hours of Vallelunga ("6 Ore di Vallelunga" in Italian) is an endurance sports car racing event held annually at the ACI Vallelunga Circuit in Vallelunga, Italy. 
First established in 1973, the six hour race was initially held as a round of the World Championship for Makes until 1980, when it was no longer included in the World Championship calendar. It was not until 1994 that a six hour race returned to Vallelunga, briefly part of the Italian GT Championship calendar in 1995 and later in 1999. It was also part of the brief Italian Endurance Challenge in 1997 and 1998. The Vallelunga Circuit was extended in 2005 from to .
The event, currently organized by Peroni Promotion, now runs as a non-championship endurance held as a double weekend in the late autumn and is attended by several international teams. The Vallelunga Silver Cup is held by touring cars, mostly from one-makes cups and Super Production, while the Vallelunga Gold Cup, held one week later, allows for a variety of competitors, mixing sports prototypes and grand tourers.

</doc>
<doc id="18960942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960942" title="Tiger game played with forty">
Tiger game played with forty

Meurimueng-rimueng peuet ploh is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Sumatra, Indonesia. The last part of the name, ploh, is sometimes spelled "plo". It is specifically played by the Acehnese. It is also played in Java, Indonesia where it is called Dam-daman. However, Dam-daman is also a general term for draughts or checkers in Indonesia. The game is also played in India especially in Punjab where it is called Ratti-chitti-bakri. The game is basically an enlarged version of Alquerque. It is specifically four times the size of an Alquerque board which is the same board used for Zamma. The rules are exactly those of Alquerque, except that captures are not compulsory.
Meurimueng-rimueng peuet ploh translates to "tiger game played with forty".
Goal.
The player who captures all their opponent's pieces is the winner.
Equipment.
The board is a 9 x 9 square grid, or a 8 x 8 square board with pieces played on the intersections with diagonal lines running throughout the board. Each player has 40 pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other player plays the white pieces.
Game Play and Rules.
1. Players decide what colors to play, and who starts first.
2. The board is filled in the beginning with all the players pieces. The only point vacant on the board is the middle point called the pusat (navel) in Achenese. Each player's pieces are placed on their half of the board, and also lined up on the right-hand side of the 5th. rank (the middle horizontal line of the grid board) from the view of each player. 
3. Players alternate their turns. In a turn, a piece may be moved (in any direction) along a marked line onto a vacant adjacent point on the board. 
4. Alternatively, a piece may capture an enemy piece by the short leap as in draughts and Alquerque. It must be adjacent to the enemy piece, leap over it in a straight line, and land onto a vacant point immediately beyond following the pattern on the board. When possible, multiple jumps are allowed, and a player can decide when to stop leaping. Captures can be done in any direction as long as it follows the pattern on the board. "Captures are not compulsory". Captured piece(s) are removed from the board.

</doc>
<doc id="18960947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960947" title="Dreaming of Joseph Lees">
Dreaming of Joseph Lees

Dreaming of Joseph Lees is a 1999 British romantic drama film directed by Eric Styles and starring Rupert Graves, Samantha Morton and Nicholas Woodeson. It is an adaptation of a story written by Catherine Linstrum set in rural England in the late 1950s. The film was distributed by the Fox Entertainment Group. Samantha Morton's performance in the film won the "Evening Standard" Award British Film Award for Best Actress.
Synopsis.
Set in rural England in the 1950s Eva (Samantha Morton) fantasises about her handsome, worldly cousin Joseph Lees (Rupert Graves), with whom she fell in love as a girl. However, stuck in a closed community she becomes the object of someone else's fantasy, Harry (Lee Ross). When Harry learns that Eva is planning to leave the village in order to live with and look after the injured Lees, he devises a gruesome scheme in order to force her to stay and look after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18960953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960953" title="Kip Corrington">
Kip Corrington

Kip Alan Corrington (born in Ames, Iowa) is a former American football player. After playing college football at Texas A&M University, he spent two seasons in the NFL with the Denver Broncos. Corrington was a three-time Academic All-American as well as a two-time all-SWC safety in college. He is currently a family practitioner in the Greensboro, North Carolina area.

</doc>
<doc id="18960979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960979" title="Bohemian Sporting Club">
Bohemian Sporting Club

The Bohemian Sporting Club was an association football club based in Manila, Philippines. It was one of the first clubs in the country. It was the club of Paulino Alcántara from 1916–1918, who also played for FC Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="18960982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960982" title="Hans Hoßfeld">
Hans Hoßfeld

Hans Hoßfeld (23 March 1912 – 19 November 1944) was a "Korvettenkapitän" with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and posthumous recipient of the Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Hoßfeld was killed in action by a tank grenade in defence of the Sõrve Peninsula on 19 November 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18960983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960983" title="Cornelius O'Leary">
Cornelius O'Leary

Cornelius O'Leary (30 September 1927 – 7 September 2006) was an Irish historian and political scientist. 
O'Leary was born in Limerick but was raised in Cork, where he attended University College Cork, gaining a first-class honours degree in history and Latin in 1949. He subsequently studied for a PhD at Nuffield College, Oxford as the first student to be supervised by the psephologist David Butler. While researching his PhD, he worked at a number of secondary schools in London.
His thesis was published as "The Elimination of Corrupt Practices in British Elections, 1868-1911" (Clarendon Press, 1962) and in the same year he was appointed lecturer at Queen's University Belfast in Northern Ireland. He was made professor of political science in 1979, having been controversially denied such a post previously. He was the first Catholic to hold such a chair at the university and explained that, when he was appointed in 1960, he saw Queen's as part of the Unionist establishment. According to an obituary written by Bernard Crick, O'Leary suffered from alcoholism, which resulting in him often being absent from the university and colleagues having to cover for him. At one point he lived in hotels and lodging houses rather than at a fixed address.
Aside from his PhD thesis, O'Leary's main publications were "Belfast: Approach to Crisis. A Study of Belfast Politics, 1613-1970" (with Ian Budge, Macmillan, 1973), "The Northern Ireland Assembly, 1982-1986: A Constitutional Experiment" (with Sydney Elliott and R.A. Wilford, Hurst, 1988) and "Controversial Issues in Anglo-Irish Relations, 1910-1921" (with Patrick Maume, Four Courts, 2004). He had planned a work on 20th century Irish politics but this never materialised.
Despite being from the Republic of Ireland, O'Leary developed an interest in Unionism, and was an advisor to the Ulster Defence Association. He subsequently wrote a paper on Northern Irish independence at the request of John McMichael. During the 1960s and 1970s he was a regular commentator on Northern Ireland in the media. In his later life, he served as the vice-chairman of the pro-life campaign surrounding the Eighth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland, which introduced a constitutional ban on abortion. This brought him into opposition with many feminists.
O'Leary died on 7 September 2006 after a short illness. He is buried at Timoleague Abbey Cemetery in County Cork.

</doc>
<doc id="18960989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960989" title="Martletwy">
Martletwy

Martletwy is a village and community in the county of Pembrokeshire, Wales.
Martletwy lies in south of the county, the nearest town is Narberth some 7 miles distant to its north and east. The Martletwy community lies mainly to the west of the A4075 road, which links Carew in the south with the Canaston Bridge junction at the A40 road, although part of the Cross Hands area bridges the main road. To the west and south, the area's boundary is the Eastern Cleddau, to the southeast the River Cresswell forms its boundary. 
Martletwy consists of the following parishes: Martletwy, Coedcanlas, Minwear, Newton North and Lawrenny.
The village is best known for being home to the Oakwood theme park.

</doc>
<doc id="18960994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960994" title="Belizean society">
Belizean society

Belizean society is marked by enduring differences in the distribution of wealth, power, and prestige. However, because of the small size of Belize's population and the intimate scale of social relations, the social distance between the rich and the poor, while significant, are nowhere as vast as in other Caribbean and Central American societies, such as Jamaica and El Salvador. Indeed, Belize lacks the violent class and racial conflict that has figured so prominently in the social life of its Central American neighbors.
Still, political and economic power remain vested in the hands of a relatively small local elite, most of whom are either white, light-skinned Creole, or Mestizo. The sizable middle group, however, is composed of peoples of different ethnic backgrounds. This middle group does not constitute a unified social class, but rather a number of middle-class and working-class groups, loosely oriented around shared dispositions toward education, cultural respectability, and possibilities for upward social mobility. These beliefs, and the social practices they engender, help distinguish the middle group from the grass roots majority of the Belizean people.
The upper sector.
The elite is a small, socially distinct group whose base of social power lies not in landownership, but in its control of the institutions that mediate relations between Belize and the outside world. The principal economic interests of the elite include commercial and financial enterprises, retail trade, local manufacturing, the state apparatus, and, to a much lesser extent, export agriculture.
The Belizean elite consists of people of different status, prestige, and ethnicity. At the top of the power hierarchy are local whites and light-skinned descendants of the nineteenth-century Creole elite. The next group consists of Creole and Mestizo commercial and professional families whose ancestors first came to political and economic prominence during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. Next in status are some of the Lebanese and Palestinian merchant families who immigrated to Belize in the early twentieth century.
The more recently arrived Chinese and Indian families comprise another elite group, distinguished from the remaining upper sector by length of residence in the country and by cultural differences. Groups within the elite socialize primarily among themselves.
Shared economic interests and business dealings bond the different segments of the elite. Other cultural factors also play a role. Intermarriage binds several of the elite families together, although usually without transgressing ethnic or religious boundaries. Religion also serves as a partial unifying force; a number of the oldest and most prominent Creole families share the Catholicism of the Mestizo commercial elite.
Because Belize City is the center of the nation's commercial life, the majority of elite families live or maintain a residence there, although some prominent families are based in the district towns. In Belize City, elite families live in the same ocean-front neighborhoods, belong to the same social clubs, and enjoy a similar lifestyle centered around the extravagant conspicuous consumption of imported goods.
Education also serves to unify the upper sector of society. Religious affiliation formerly largely determined which schools children attended. With the decline of the Anglican and Methodist school systems, most elite children, regardless of faith, attend two of Belize's premier Catholic institutions, which provide secondary and post-secondary education. Even after the expansion of secondary and postsecondary schooling in the districts, many of the elite district families continue to send their offspring to Belize City for higher education.
Despite the establishment of a local institution of higher education in 1985, most elite youth attend universities abroad. Their choice of institutions reflects the changing dominant metropolitan cultural orientation of Belizean society. British universities attracted many of the college-bound members of the Belizean elite in the colonial period, but by 1990 the majority pursued their higher education in the United States or, to a lesser extent, in the West Indies.
The middle sector.
The middle sector of Belizean society is considerably larger, more diverse, and less cohesive than the elite. People in this group lack the jobs, social status, or economic assets that are typical of the elite, but they are still better off than the rest of society. Some families are "poor relations" of the elite class; others have acquired wealth and prestige over a few generations through higher education or economic success. This large group encompasses the traditional middle class as well as elements of the working classes: not only small businessmen, professionals, teachers, and mid-level civil servants, but also other government workers, smallholders, skilled manual workers, and commercial employees.
The middle sector is stratified according to wealth, level of education, and the status difference between manual and nonmanual occupations. Still, a shared belief system that emphasizes cultural respectability, upward social mobility, and the importance of education unifies this group. Even more than middle-class families, some working-class families often make great sacrifices to ensure that their children received the best and most extensive education possible.
The middle sector of Belizean society is largely the product of the massive expansion of educational opportunities and the corresponding growth of the "modern" sector of the economy between 1950 and 1980. But as an increasing number of Belizeans earned degrees from education institutions and as the local job market became saturated, families in this group became more concerned in the 1970s and 1980s with maintaining their social position than with upward social mobility. Faced with limited economic prospects in Belize, large numbers emigrated to the United States.
The middle sector is culturally diverse and includes members of all Belizean ethnic groups, although not in proportion to their numbers in the general population. Relatively few Mayan or Kekchí families, for example, belong to either the middle or upper working classes. Historical correlations between occupation and ethnic identity endure despite social changes. Middle-sector Creoles are most likely to work in the professions, especially law and accounting, the civil service, and the skilled trades. Considerable numbers of Mestizos are employed by the government, as well as in small business and farming. Garifuna are particularly well established in the teaching profession.
Ethnic and religious sentiments divide the middle sector to a certain extent. The nationalist movement of the 1950s drew most of its leaders from the Catholic-educated Creole and Mestizo middle class. The Protestant-educated Creole middle class, however, opposed the movement's anti-British, multicultural ethos and the projection of a Central American destiny for Belize. Still, political affiliation defies narrow ethnic or racial lines.
British and North American ideas, particularly those of the United States, largely shape the beliefs and practices of the middle sector. These influences stem not only from the formal education system, but also from the popular culture of North America conveyed through cinema, magazines, radio, television, and migration. These cultural ideas are as much African-American as Anglo-American. Beginning with the Black Power movement of the late 1960s and early 1970s, middle- and working-class Creole youth increasingly adopted an Afrocentric cultural consciousness that distinguished them both from their elders and other ethnic groups in Belizean society.
The lower sector.
This sector comprises the bulk of the Belizean population and is popularly known as the grass roots or roots class. It, too, is stratified by occupation and ethnicity. The lower sector consists of unskilled or semiskilled urban workers, subsistence farmers, agricultural laborers, and the unemployed. These people share, in addition to poverty and generally poor living conditions, severely limited access to land, higher education, or any other opportunity to change their marginal status. Possibilities for mobility are a main dividing line between the middle and lower sectors of Belizean society.
The ethnic composition of the lower sector varies by region. Most of the country's urban poor lived in predominantly Creole Belize City. With a population four times the size of the next largest urban area, Belize City was home to over half of all unemployed Belizeans in 1980. Many of the employed are engaged in ketch an kill jobs, temporary unskilled manual labor.
Educational opportunities beyond the primary level are scarce for most poor urban families. Many children drop out of school before completing their primary education. Children who finish school often lacked the grades or financial resources to attend secondary school. Because the government generally awards scholarships according to academic performance rather than financial need, most poor Belizean families continued to lack access to education beyond the primary level.
In further contrast to the upper and middle sectors, many lower-sector households in Belize City are headed by single parents, usually women. Female workers generally receive lower incomes than their male counterparts, and women experience a much higher unemployment rate than men. In numerous cases, migration of both parents results in children being raised by siblings, older relatives, or friends of the family. Some of the more privileged members of Belizean society perceive that increases in juvenile delinquency, crime, and drug use among Belizean urban youth are directly attributable to breakdowns in family structure.
As with the population in general, a large percentage of the urban poor are young. Youth unemployment is high, and many unemployed youths in Belize City congregate on street corners or meet in storefronts known as "bases." These young people are known as baseboys and basegirls. More privileged members of Belizean society tend to categorize baseboys and basegirls as criminals and delinquents, although the only thing many are guilty of is lacking opportunities for education and meaningful work.
Still, the lack of educational and employment prospects for the rural and urban poor in the 1980s did lead to dramatic increases in crime, especially in the drug trade. By the middle of the decade, Belize had become the fourth largest exporter (after Mexico, Colombia, and Jamaica) of marijuana to the United States. By 1987, crack cocaine and gangs had established a foothold among the youthful population of Belize City. By 1991, both gang membership and gang warfare had escalated dramatically, moving off the street corners of the poorer neighborhoods into the schools and major public spaces of Belize City. Gangs, drugs, and violence were the dominant realities with which nearly all Belizean urban youth, especially the poor, had to deal.
Extremely limited access to education and well-paying jobs characterize conditions for the poor in the district towns of Belize. But many people perceive the conditions in these towns as less severe than in Belize City. One exception was Orange Walk, which was known as Rambo Town, owing to the intensity of drug-related violence there in the mid-1980s.
The most limited opportunities for education and economic advancement are found in rural areas. Rural primary schools have much higher rates of absenteeism and attrition than urban schools, and all but three secondary schools are located in Belize City or the major district towns. Furthermore, the demands of agricultural work often prevent many children from attending school.
The rural poor are mostly Mayan and Mestizo subsistence farmers and agricultural laborers, although some Creole and Garifuna families are also included in this category. At the very bottom of both the rural and urban social hierarchies, however, are the Central American aliens who are employed in the lowest paid, least desirable occupations, such as unskilled labor in the sugar, citrus, banana, and marijuana industries.
Social dynamics.
Belize has adopted wholeheartedly, and with much popular support, the rhetoric and practices of the ideologies of development and consumerism, twin hallmarks of a modernizing society. Far-reaching changes have occurred in Belizean society since 1960. The growth of educational opportunities and government employment has facilitated the emergence of a sizable middle-class with expanding horizons of consumption. The meaning of education has also changed. Once revered as a scarce privilege guaranteeing social advancement, education is now perceived as a birthright and an essential tool for entering the job market.
Education, migration, and shifts in economic activity have enhanced the power and influence of previously marginal social groups and regions, particularly the Mestizos who inhabited the northern districts. Intermarriage and political mobilization have helped at times to cut across ethnic boundaries and create a nascent sense of national identity. Satellite television, tourism, and emigration have strengthened an already close connection with North America, while immigration has anchored Belize more firmly within Central America and its culture.
But not all of the changes have been positive. Many Belizeans of more than thirty years of age noted the breakdown of traditional notions of authority, respect, and propriety and the obsessive fascination of Belizean youth with North American material culture. Other blamed mass emigration for the dissolution of the Belizean family and a subsequent rise in juvenile delinquency and crime.
Ethnic tensions still regularly intruded into many areas of social interaction and indeed showed signs of intensifying. Possibilities for social mobility existed, but only for some individuals. The school system produced continuously growing numbers of graduates for whom jobs did not exist, while it simultaneously excluded growing numbers of the poor from educational opportunity. Emigration to metropolitan countries often siphoned off people with the highest qualifications and the most ambitions, while immigration from neighboring republics promised to reshape the cultural orientation and, quite literally, the complexion of Belizean society.

</doc>
<doc id="18960995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960995" title="Forest Park Magnet School of Global Studies">
Forest Park Magnet School of Global Studies

Forest Park Magnet School of Global Studies is a junior high school in Longview, Texas. It is one of the few IB schools in Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18960996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18960996" title="Manila Sporting Club">
Manila Sporting Club

The Manila Sporting Club, also known as All Manila, was an association football club based in Manila, Philippines. It was one of the first clubs in the country, and won the first Philippines Championship in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="18961003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961003" title="Palladium (Australian band)">
Palladium (Australian band)

Palladium was an Australian band from Brisbane that was active from 1997 to 2003. The band consisted of members Chris Chalk (drums), Andrew Morris (guitar and vocals), Justin Sykes (bass) and Brant Ward (guitar and vocals).
Palladium released their bebut EP, "Hoarsey", in 2001. Their debut album, the obscurely named "Sister Flute and the Sunday Best", was released later in the year. They released another EP, "Everybody Loves New Fashion", in early 2003 and the title track reached No. 92 on the ARIA Top 100 Singles chart.
The band received significant national ariplay on Triple J with songs such as "Hoarsey" and "Good Girls".
They played their last show in October 2003 after Ward had decided to part ways. Morris, Sykes and Chalk were already working together on a new project. The band were recording a new album at the time. In 2009 the material that the band was working on at the time of their break-up had remained unreleased.

</doc>
<doc id="18961016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961016" title="Yusuf al-Maghribi">
Yusuf al-Maghribi

Al-Maghribi's dictionary reflects a wider trend in early 17th century Ottoman Egypt towards colloquial writing.

</doc>
<doc id="18961035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961035" title="Eravathur">
Eravathur

Eravathur is a small village situated towards the south end of Thrissur district of Kerala state in India. This village is situated nearly away from Ernakulam city and nearly from Thrissur city.
Transport.
The nearest railway stations are Chalakudy and Angamaly.
The nearest bus stations are at Chalakudy, Mala, and Aluwaye.
The nearest airport is Cochin International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="18961049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961049" title="Vuk Kostić">
Vuk Kostić

Vuk Kostić (Serbian Cyrillic: Вук Костић; born November 22, 1979, in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian actor, famous of his roles in films "Apsolutnih 100", "Stvar srca" and "Klopka".
Private life.
He is the son of actor Mihajlo Kostić and actress Tamara Krčunović.

</doc>
<doc id="18961052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961052" title="United States men's national water polo team">
United States men's national water polo team

The United States men's national water polo team is the representative for the United States of America in international men's water polo.
The team competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where they won silver medal in the final, losing to Hungary 14–10.

</doc>
<doc id="18961061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961061" title="Nelson Rugby Union">
Nelson Rugby Union

Nelson Rugby Union was founded in 1885, and played provincial rugby until 1967 when they decided to merge with the Golden Bay-Motueka Rugby Union to create Nelson-Bays.
Nelson in Ranfurly Shield.
In the history of the Nelson Rugby Union, Nelson has contested the Ranfurly Shield twice:

</doc>
<doc id="18961065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961065" title="Gideon Patt">
Gideon Patt

Gideon Patt (, born 22 February 1933) is a former Israeli politician who served in several ministerial positions between the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Biography.
Born in Jerusalem during the Mandate era, Patt served in the Nahal brigade and studied economics at New York University, gaining a BA.
For the 1969 elections he was placed 27th on the Gahal list, but missed out on a seat when the alliance won only 26 seats. However, he entered the Knesset on 29 January 1970 as a replacement for the deceased Aryeh Ben-Eliezer. He was re-elected in 1973 and 1977, and was appointed Minister of Housing and Construction in Menachem Begin's government. In January 1979 he switched to the Industry, Trade and Tourism portfolio.
Following the 1981 elections the Tourism and Industry and Trade portfolios were separated, though Patt continued to hold both until August 1981 when he gave up the Tourism post.
After the 1984 elections he became Minister of Science and Development, and reverted to Minister of Tourism after the 1988 elections. Although he retained his seat in the 1992 elections, the government was formed by Labor, and Patt lost his place in the cabinet. He was not re-elected in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18961068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961068" title="Jewish Communist Party of Austria">
Jewish Communist Party of Austria

The Jewish Social Democratic Party "Poale Zion" (), later renamed Jewish Socialist Workers Party Poale Zion in German Austria ("Jüdische sozialistische Arbeiterpartei Poale Zion in Deutschösterreich") and Jewish Communist Party of Austria ("Jüdische Kommunistische Partei Oesterreichs"), was a political party in Austria. The party published "Freie Tribune" 1919-1921. The party was part of the international Jewish Communist Union (Poalei Zion), the left wing of the Labour Zionist "Poale Zion" movement.

</doc>
<doc id="18961094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961094" title="Catherine Linstrum">
Catherine Linstrum

Catherine Linstrum is a writer and film director who now lives in Wales.
"California Dreamin' (Endless)", a film which she co-wrote, won the Un Certain Regard Award at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival, and "Nadger" (2010) won a BAFTA Cymru award for best Short Film in 2011. She is married to the artist David-John Newman.

</doc>
<doc id="18961100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961100" title="Anders Ekström">
Anders Ekström

Anders Ekström (born 16 January 1981) is a Swedish sailor who has participated in two Summer Olympics. He and Fredrik Lööf sailed together in the Star class, winning the Star world championship, the Star European championship, finishing 14th at Athens in 2004, and winning the bronze medal at Beijing in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18961109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961109" title="Mouille Point">
Mouille Point

Mouille Point ("MOO-lee") is an affluent suburb of Cape Town, situated between the V&A Waterfront and Granger Bay to the east, Green Point to the south and the Atlantic Ocean to the north and west. The suburb hugs the coastline, and consists primarily of high-end apartment blocks.
It is a very small suburb, having only two major roads (Beach Road and Bay Road). It is also home to the Mouille Point promenade; a paved promenade on the coast that is used daily by thousands of Capetonians. Behind it lies the Green Point Common, where numerous playing fields and a golf course are situated. The new Green Point Urban Park & Biodiversity Garden is just behind Mouille Point and has an entrance in Bay Road.
The name comes from the French word for anchoring ground. In the early 18th century, wrecks were common in Table Bay and the then governor decided that a breakwater (mouille in French) was needed to protect vessels. Work began in 1743. All farmers who delivered their goods to the city were required to load up their wagons with stones, drive out to Mouille Point and offload. Slaves and convicts were also used to build the breakwater, but after three years of labour and high seas, just 100m had been built and the project was abandoned. In 1781 the French arrived and built a battery near the unfinished mouille, naming it Mouille Point Battery.
The Green Point lighthouse is prominently located here, but despite this, on 1 July 1966, during a fierce winter storm, a cargo ship, the S. A. Seafarer ran aground between Mouille Point and Three Anchor Bay. Everybody on board was rescued by helicopters of 17 squadron from AFB Ysterplaat. The Mouille Point lighthouse is no longer in existence and was situated at the far end of the suburb, near Granger Bay. When a new lighthouse was erected it could therefore not have the same name and was called the Green Point lighthouse. 
For many years, opposite the lighthouse was a drive-in roadhouse, 'The Doll's House', where many people used to go for a snack and coffee during the day, or after a movie at night. The local seagulls were wise to this, and many a patron lost their sandwiches from the tray clipped to their window, to a robber gull that had landed on their car roof.

</doc>
<doc id="18961112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961112" title="Bruno Prada">
Bruno Prada

Bruno Prada (born 31 July 1971 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian sailor.
In June 2006, he and Brazilian Robert Scheidt won the silver medal in the two-person racing keelboat Star Class at the 2006 Kiel Week in Germany, behind American Mark Mendelblatt and crewman Mark Strube. In August 2006, he and Scheidt won a silver medal at the Star European Championship against 93 boats in Neustadt, Germany, again behind Mendelblatt and Strube.
He won a silver medal in the Star class with Robert Scheidt at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18961115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961115" title="Kilmanagh, Michigan">
Kilmanagh, Michigan

Kilmanagh is an unincorporated community in Huron County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The community is situated at . at the corners of four townships:
History.
Kilmanagh was first called Thompson's Corners, for Francis Thompson, an Irish homesteader who arrived in 1861. The name Kilmanagh was first used to describe the nearby Shebeon Creek, which would overflow each spring. A post office named Kilmanagh operated from February 1873 until June 1904.
Government.
Kilmanagh has no government of its own and is governed by the townships that the community is within. School District serving the community are Elkton-Pigeon-Bay Port Schools and Owendale-Gagetown Area Schools. The community is served by the Sebewaing based Post Office, Zip Code 48759.

</doc>
<doc id="18961127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961127" title="Bob Wyllie">
Bob Wyllie

Robinson Gourlay Nicholl "Bob" Wyllie (4 April 1929 – May 1981) was a Scottish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Wyllie began his career with hometown club Dundee United and made nearly 100 league appearances before moving to English side Blackpool. After just eleven league appearances, Wyllie moved on to West Ham United and after a similar number of matches, moved on again, this time to Plymouth Argyle. Playing in just a handful of matches at Plymouth, Wyllie saw out his career at Mansfield Town, becoming a regular at Field Mill and by the time he retired from the senior game in 1962, he had made over 200 career league appearances.
Wyllie died in 1981 after settling in Alfreton, Derbyshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18961132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961132" title="Alliance for the Caucasus">
Alliance for the Caucasus

The Alliance for the Caucasus is a potential organization proposed by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan for cooperation and peace in the Caucasus. Possible members are Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Russia and Turkey. It would provide a forum for bilateral peace talks between Azerbaijan and Armenia over Nagorno-Karabakh dispute.

</doc>
<doc id="18961138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961138" title="CP decomposition">
CP decomposition

In multilinear algebra, the canonical polyadic decomposition (CPD), historically known as PARAFAC and later CANDECOMP, is a generalization of the matrix singular value decomposition (SVD) to tensors, with many applications in statistics, signal processing, psychometrics, linguistics and chemometrics. It originates from psychometrics though going back to Hitchcock in 1927.
Calculating the CPD.
Alternating algorithms:
Algebraic algorithms:
Optimization algorithms:
Direct methods:
Applications of the CPD.
Chemometrics.
Multi-way data are characterized by several sets of categorical variables that are measured in a crossed fashion. Chemical examples could be fluorescence emission spectra measured at several excitation wavelengths for several samples, fluorescence lifetime measured at several excitation and emission wavelengths or any kind of spectrum measured chromatographically for several samples. Determining such variables will give rise to three-way data; i.e., the data can be arranged in a cube instead of a matrix as in standard multivariate data sets.
Other decompositions.
PARAFAC is one of several decomposition methods for multi-way data. The two main competitors are the Tucker3 method, and simply unfolding of the multi-way array to a matrix and then performing standard two-way methods as principal component analysis (PCA). The Tucker3 method should rightfully be called three-mode principal component analysis (or "N"-mode principal component analysis), but here the term Tucker3 or just Tucker decomposition will be used instead. PARAFAC, Tucker and two-way PCA are all multi- or bi-linear decomposition methods, which decompose the array into sets of "scores" and "loadings", that hopefully describe the data in a more condensed form than the original data array. There are advantages and disadvantages with all the methods, and often several methods must be tried to find the most appropriate.
In the field of chemometrics, a number of diagnostic tools and techniques exist to help a PARAFAC user determine the best fitting model. These include the core consistency diagnostic (CORCONDIA), split-half analyses, examination of the loadings, and residual analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="18961141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961141" title="Nullum tempus occurrit regi">
Nullum tempus occurrit regi

Nullum tempus occurrit regi ("no time runs against the king"), sometimes abbreviated "nullum tempus", is a common law doctrine originally expressed by Bracton in his "De legibus et consuetudinibus Angliae" in the 1250s. It states that the crown is not subject to statute of limitations. This means that the crown can proceed with actions that would be barred if brought by an individual due to the passage of time. The doctrine is still in force in common law systems today, in a republic it is often referred to as nullum tempus occurrit reipublicae.

</doc>
<doc id="18961143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961143" title="Vincent Rice">
Vincent Rice

Vincent Rice (died 1955) was an Irish politician and lawyer. Rice was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a National League Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South constituency at the June 1927 general election. In August 1927 joined the Cumann na nGaedheal party. Other former independents who joined "Mr Cosgrave's ranks" included Labour independent John Daly and Bryan Cooper.
He lost his seat at the September 1927 general election but was elected as a Cumann na nGaedheal TD for the Dublin North constituency at a by-election on 3 April 1928 caused by the disqualification of James Larkin due to bankruptcy. He lost his seat again at the 1932 general election but was re-elected at the 1933 general election. He stood as a Fine Gael candidate at the 1937 general election but did not retain his seat. He also stood unsuccessfully as an independent candidate at the 1943 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18961157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961157" title="Kilmanagh">
Kilmanagh

Kilmanagh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18961186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961186" title="Knox County Courthouse (Ohio)">
Knox County Courthouse (Ohio)

The Knox County Courthouse is a historic building located on High Street in Mount Vernon, Ohio, United States. It was built in 1855 in the Greek Revival style of architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18961191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961191" title="RQW Heavyweight Championship">
RQW Heavyweight Championship

The Real Quality Wrestling (RQW) Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling championship in Real Quality Wrestling. It is currently the highest ranked championship in the company. Title reigns are determined by professional wrestling matches with different wrestlers, involved in pre-existing scripted feuds, plots and storylines. Wrestlers are portrayed as either villains or fan favorites as they follow a series of tension-building events, which culminate into a wrestling match or series of matches for the championship.
History.
The RQW Heavyweight Championship was created in the United States by the Reggies Park Championship Belts Organisation and were seen by the public on April 26, 2006. The first champion, Robbie Brookside was crowned at A Night of Champions in an evening that also saw the RQW Women's Championship awarded. Brookside was later stripped due to inactivity. The longest reigning champion, Martin Stone won the vacant belt at Not Just For Christmas in an inter-promotional tournament. He defeated Pac in the final. He held the belt for 420 days. The current champion is German wrestler Ulf Herman. Herman won the belt in a Winner Takes All match against Stone, with his ACW World Championship also on the line at a cross-promoted event with Athletik Club Wrestling.
Title History.
As of , .

</doc>
<doc id="18961204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961204" title="The Kapurthala Royal Collateral Families">
The Kapurthala Royal Collateral Families

The Royal Family of Kapurthala State is unique for having a number of significant collateral branches. All of these branches emerged as separate powerful entities in their own right due to different historical circumstances.
The family of Harnam Singh.
Harnam Singh was a Member of the Council of the Governor-General of India and of the Legislative Council of Punjab, Member of the Hemp Drugs Commission 1893/94, Member of the Council of State for India.
He was the second son of Raja Randhir Singh and the younger brother of Raja Kharak Singh. He embraced Christianity at an early age. He was given extensive Estates in Oudh and large properties in Lucknow. He was granted the hereditary title of Raja. His offspring have distinguished themselves in different fields.
The family of Bikrama Singh.
Bikrama Singh was the second son of Raja Nihal Singh. He was one of the main progenitors of the 19th Century Sikh Renaissance, being one of the founders of the Singh Sabha Movement. He founded the Khalsa Press Lahore as well as the "Khalsa Akhbar", the first journal for the Sikhs. He was instrumental in saving the lives of the royal musicians at the Mughal Court of Delhi during the Indian Rebellion of 1857; he gave them shelter at his court in Kapurthala, thus laying the foundation of the Kapurthala Gharana of Hindustani Classical Music.
He was involved in a lengthy litigation with his brother Raja Randhir Singh regarding the terms of the Will of Raja Nihal Singh. This dispute was finally settled by a permanent allowance being granted to Bikrama Singh in the form of a Privy Purse from the Kapurthala State. He was also the joint owner of extensive Estates in Oudh along with his brother Raja Randhir Singh. He sought a partition which was denied and, after a long litigation, monetary compensation was paid to him through which large Estates were acquired in the Districts of Sitapur and Rae Bareli. These Estates were confirmed by an Act of the Government of India, the Bikrama Singh's Estates Act of 1883.
Pratap Singh of Kapurthala was a member of this branch. So, too, is Vishvjit Singh.
The family of Suchet Singh.
Suchet Singh was the third son of Raja Nihal Singh. He too was involved in a lengthy litigation with his brother Raja Randhir Singh regarding the terms of the Will of Raja Nihal Singh. This dispute was finally settled by a permanent allowance being granted to Suchet Singh in the form of a Privy Purse from the Kapurthala State. The family also acquired extensive Estates in the erstwhile United Provinces.
Suchet Singh's first had one son, Raja Sardar Charanjit Singh (1883-1970) who was granted the personal title of Raja on 3 June 1932. He had three sons Ajit Singh (b. 1901), Sarabjit Singh (1902), Ripjit Singh (b. 1906) and one daughter, Pamela Devi (b. 1916).

</doc>
<doc id="18961205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961205" title="Penang Po Leung Kuk">
Penang Po Leung Kuk

In 1878, a group of local Chinese in Hong Kong presented a petition to the Governor of Hong Kong, John Pope Hennessy, to set up the Po Leung Kuk to rescue the kidnapped victims. The main objective of Po Leung Kuk is to care for the young and protect the innocent. 
The Penang Po Leung Kuk was founded in 1889 by Foo Tye Sin, Koh Seang Tat, Khaw Sim Bee, Ong Boon Teik and Ong Beng Teik. The Penang Po Leung Kuk was the first Anglo-Chinese welfare organisation in Penang dedicated to protecting Chinese female immigrants from exploitation and sexploitation.
The Po Leung Kuk homes in Singapore, Malacca and Penang were controlled by committees of Chinese gentlemen, and financed by endowment funds raised from public subscriptions.
The Penang Cheshire Home was set up in 1978, in a wing of the former Penang Po Leung Kuk Home.
Rosalind Hoalim, wife of Lim Cheng Ean and a well-known figure in colonial Penang, was sympathetic to the plight of unfortunate servant girls and helped various escapees from cruel households re-establish themselves at the Penang Po Leung Kuk. Later, her daughter, Datuk Lim Phaik Gan better known as P. G. Lim, led the Penang Po Leung Kuk in the 1920s and 1930s, helping to train and rehabilitate Chinese prostitutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18961210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961210" title="Golden Bay-Motueka Rugby Union">
Golden Bay-Motueka Rugby Union

Golden Bay-Motueka Rugby Union was founded in 1920, and played provincial rugby until 1967 when they decided to merge with the Nelson Rugby Union to create Nelson Bays.
Golden Bay-Motueka in Ranfurly Shield.
In the history of the Golden Bay-Motueka Rugby Union, they contested the Ranfurly Shield one time.
McGlashen Cup.
The McGlashen Cup was contested between the Golden Bay-Motueka, and Nelson Rugby Unions.

</doc>
<doc id="18961235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961235" title="Louie Rolko">
Louie Rolko

Louie Rolko (born September 7, 1984 in Hudson, Ohio) is an American soccer player, currently playing for Pittsburgh Riverhounds in the USL Professional Division.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Rolko attended Hudson High School in Hudson, Ohio before entering Baldwin-Wallace College in 2003. He played four years of college soccer with the Jackets from 2003 to 2006.
In 2005 and 2006, Rolko also played for the Sioux Falls Spitfire in the fourth division USL Premier Development League during the collegiate off season.
Professional.
Rolko turned professional in March 2007 when he signed with the Charleston Battery of the USL First Division after impressing durin pre-season trials. He spent two seasons playing with the Battery, scoring one goal in 24 games, before being released after the end of the 2008 season.
On March 22, 2010, after two years out of the professional game, the Pittsburgh Riverhounds of the USL Second Division announced the signing of Rolko to a contract for the 2010 season. Rolko is the team captain for the 2012 campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="18961239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961239" title="Geoff Eales">
Geoff Eales

Geoff Eales (born March 13, 1951) is a Welsh jazz pianist,improviser and composer.
Musical education.
Born in Aberbargoed in the south Wales valleys, Eales began his musical education at the age of eight, in the late 1950s. His father Horace, pianist in a well-known local dance band, taught him to play the 12-bar blues. He was also introduced to piano masters Erroll Garner, George Shearing and Oscar Peterson, as well as Bud Powell, Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie.
Eales also underwent a more conventional musical education while a pupil at Lewis School, Pengam, learning classical piano and the French horn. He played the latter with the Glamorgan Youth Orchestra and, in 1968, with the National Youth Orchestra of Wales. He achieved a B.Mus (first-class honours) and a master's degree at Cardiff University and in 1980 was awarded a Ph.D for his large scale orchestral work "An American Symphony" and a setting of Dylan Thomas' poem "In the Beginning" for tenor, horn and piano. He also wrote a thesis entitled "Structure in the Symphonic Works of Aaron Copland".
Career.
Throughout his long career Geoff Eales has worked with pop stars, rock legends, country and blues singers, opera divas and artists from the world of musical theatre as well as vocalists and instrumentalists from the jazz world. He has played on countless soundtracks, TV shows and jingles, been a featured soloist with symphony orchestras and has composed a symphony, a piano concerto, A Sussex Rhapsody ( the latter commissioned by the BBC Concert Orchestra ) and numerous chamber works.
Early in his career he cruised the world on a Greek liner. During this period he spent a great amount of time in New Orleans where he played with many American jazzmen such as Buddy Tate, Jimmy McPartland, Earl Warren and Major Holley. He then moved to London, where he joined Joe Loss's band. The following year he became the pianist in the BBC Big Band, where he remained for over four years.
For the next 15 years Eales worked with a vast array of conductors, composers and singers including Henry Mancini, Lalo Schifrin, Jerry Goldsmith, Andrew Lloyd Webber, Rosemary Clooney, Adelaide Hall, Tammy Wynette, Shirley Bassey, Andy Williams, Kiri Te Kanawa and José Carreras.
By the end of the 1990s he felt the need to return to jazz, since when he has performed at some of the world's leading jazz clubs, among them the Blue Note Clubs in Osaka and Fukuoka, New York's Birdland, The Jazz Bakery in Los Angeles, Louisville's Jazz Factory and London's Ronnie Scott's, and at many major jazz festivals including Zagreb, Belgrade, Cork, Brecon and Edinburgh.
His work has met with critical acclaim, such as:
<br>
and :
Jazz critic Dave Gelly, writing in "The Observer" in 2005, referred to him as "phenomenally accomplished".

</doc>
<doc id="18961265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961265" title="Nelson Bays Rugby Union">
Nelson Bays Rugby Union

Nelson Bays Rugby Union was a New Zealand rugby union team that played from 1968-2005. 
Nelson Bays was founded in 1968 when Nelson merged with Golden Bay-Motueka and played until 2005 when they joined with Marlborough to become Tasman Rugby Union in 2006.
Ranfurly Shield.
Nelson Bays challenged for the Ranfurly Shield 6 times but were never successful.
All Blacks.
Nelson Bays had only one All Black in their existence, Trevor James Morris. Morris managed 20 games as an All Black, including three test matches, between 1972-73.

</doc>
<doc id="18961277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961277" title="Vimala Nagar, Wayanad">
Vimala Nagar, Wayanad

Vimala Nagar is a village in Mananthavady taluk, Wayanad district, Kerala, India.
Vimala Nagar is a small place in Thavinjal grama panchayat in the Mananthavady thaluk.
It is mainly a rural area inhabited by ethnic groups like the Paniyas and Kurumas. There are age old Kurichya families here as well.
Other people from Hinduism and Christianity are the descendants of early migrators from the parts of old Travancore and malabar.
95% of the people are agriculturaists.
The main agricultural crops in this area are black pepper, coffee, tea, aracanut palms, banana, etc.
Other Details:
School :St.Thomas U.P.School,Poroor Sarvodayam UP School,Fr.G.K.M.High School,Kaniyaram
Temple :Aduvat Mahavishnu Temple, Ambalakkolly Muthirery Siva Temple,Muthirery
Church :St.Mary's Church,Little Flower Church,Muthirery,
Post Office :P.O.Vimalanagar. Pin-670645
Vimalanagar is a new name given to the old Thavinhal.
Hilly terrain,with beautiful landscape,rivers valleys and paddy fields

</doc>
<doc id="18961280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961280" title="Just How Stupid Are We?">
Just How Stupid Are We?

Just How Stupid Are We? Facing the Truth About the American Voter is a political book by author Rick Shenkman published by Basic Books in June 2008.
The book argues that although the American government has gained global political power since the late 19th century, American voters have become increasingly ignorant of politics and world affairs, and are dangerously susceptible to political manipulation. The book claims that Americans are largely incapable of critically assessing domestic and international issues, and therefore lack the knowledge and ability to participate effectively in the political process or to select political leaders in line with the national or even their own best interests. Shenkman argues that voters are repeatedly and systematically misled and manipulated by politicians, and he analyzes the "dumbing down" of American politics arising from the saturation of marketing, spin machines and misinformation in American political culture.

</doc>
<doc id="18961285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961285" title="Lifestyling">
Lifestyling

Lifestyling is the practice of reducing the risk of a pension or other investment as the end of the term approaches, typically by shifting to less volatile and lower risk investment funds.

</doc>
<doc id="18961289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961289" title="Macchia (Giarre)">
Macchia (Giarre)

Macchia is a "frazione" of the "comune" of Giarre, province of Catania, in the island of Sicily, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18961294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961294" title="BYOP">
BYOP

BYOP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18961304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961304" title="John Keating (Irish politician)">
John Keating (Irish politician)

John Keating (2 August 1869 – 8 July 1956) was an Irish politician and farmer. Keating was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a National League Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Wexford constituency at the June 1927 general election. He lost his seat at the September 1927 general election but was elected as a Cumann na nGaedheal TD at the 1932 general election and was re-elected at the 1933 general election. He was elected as a Fine Gael TD at the 1937 and 1938 general elections. He lost his seat at the 1943 general election but was re-elected at the 1944 general election. He stood as an independent candidate at the 1948 general election but did not retain his seat. 
He was born at Sarshill, Kilmore in County Wexford, Ireland on 2 August 1869, the second son of Nicholas Keating and Maria Codd Keating. He died on 8 July 1956 and is buried in Grahormick Cemetery, County Wexford.

</doc>
<doc id="18961310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961310" title="Open wagon">
Open wagon

Open wagons form a large group of railway goods wagons designed primarily for the transportation of bulk goods that are not moisture-retentive and can usually be tipped, dumped or shovelled. The International Union of Railways (UIC) distinguishes between ordinary wagons (Class E/UIC-type 5) and special wagons (F/6). Open wagons often form a significant part of a railway company's goods wagon fleet; for example, forming just under 40% of the Deutsche Bahn's total goods wagon stock in Germany.
UIC standard goods wagons.
Since the 1960s, the majority of goods wagons procured by European railway administrations has been built to standards laid down by, or based on, those established by the UIC. In addition to open wagons the table also shows wagons with opening roofs (Class T), whose design is based on open wagons.
Class E - Ordinary open high-sided wagons.
These wagons have a level floor and solid sides with at least one door on each side. They are mainly used for transporting bulk goods, coal, scrap, steel, wood and paper. The majority of wagons have folding sides and end walls, otherwise they are given the letters "l" (fixed sides) or "o" (fixed end walls). Wagons may have one or two folding end walls. 
Steel rings enable ropes, nets or covers to be attached to secure the load.
Some of these wagons can also be completely tipped over, in other words, at certain places they can be lifted up and emptied by being turned about their longitudinal axis. This requires a very robust underframe. This type of unloading is particularly widespread in the US in the transportation of bulk goods; the wagons being fitted with rotatable couplings so that they do not have to be individually uncoupled.
In 1998 the DB had about 16,000 four-axle Class E wagons. They have increasingly retired their twin-axled E wagons since the 1990s and they are now rarely seen.
Class F - Special open high-sided wagons.
The majority of these are self-discharging hoppers which use gravity-unloading (hopper wagons and saddle-bottomed wagons), but in addition there are also:
In 1998 the Deutsche Bahn had about 12,000 hopper wagons, 10,000 saddle-bottomed wagons and 1,000 side-tipping wagons. In addition to hopper and saddle-bottomed wagons there were also wagons with opening roofs.
Typical loads for these wagons are all sorts of bulk goods, like coal, coke, ore, sand or gravel. Because bulk goods are often moved in large quantities, these wagons are frequently used in so-called unit or block trains that only comprise one type of wagon and only shift one type of product from the dispatcher to the recipient.
Hopper wagons.
Hopper wagons can only be unloaded by gravity with no external assistance and are therefore also classed as self-discharging wagons. The majority may be filled, when at rail or road level, by high-level discharge chutes (whose ends are more than 70 cm above the top of the rails) or conveyor belts. Because a controlled amount of the load can be discharged at any place the wagons may be sent anywhere and are even used individually. Railway companies also use hoppers as departmental wagons in maintenance of way trains for ballasting the track.
Since the 1990s there has been a trend for new hopper wagons to be built as bogie wagons which have not yet been standardised by the UIC.
Saddle-bottomed wagons.
Saddle-bottomed wagons are large-volume hoppers are exclusively unloaded by gravity and are therefore classed as self-discharging hoppers. Unlike normal hopper wagons, however, their discharge cannot be controlled and the entire load must be dropped. To unload the flaps on the side swing out allowing the load to empty. This is aided by the floor which slopes downwards on both sides like a gable roof. The discharging chutes on either side are relatively high up. These wagons are frequently seen in unit trains for transporting bulk goods such as coal or mineral ore from mines or ports to steelworks or power stations.
The most modern type of four axle saddle-bottomed wagon in the DB is the four axle Falns 121 with a loading volume of 90 m³. It was built from 1992 in several batches. By February 2008 another 100 of these wagons were to have been delivered to the DB and another 300 by 2010. These latest wagons will have an axle load of 23.5 t and an unladen weight of no more than 24.5 t, resulting in a load limit of 69.5 t.
Side-tipping wagons.
Side-tipping wagons have hydraulic, pneumatic or electric tipping equipment, that enables the wagon body to be lifted on one side. Depending on the design, they may be tipped to both sides or just one side only. In order to prevent wagons from falling over during the tipping operation, some are equipped with track pinch bars with which they can be securely anchored to the trackbed. These wagons are often seen in unit trains being used to remove excavated material from major construction sites.
Modalohr road trailer carriers.
Modalohrs are specialized railroad cars for carrying road trailers and road tractors on the AFF route from France to Italy and Luxembourg to Spain and vice versa; there are plans to expand this service. A deck between the bogies (trucks) pivots (swings) 30°, allowing the trailers to be loaded from the sides. For details see the official sites or. The cars are built by Lohr Industrie.

</doc>
<doc id="18961319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961319" title="Long Way from Home">
Long Way from Home

"Long Way from Home" is a 1979 single by British hard rock band Whitesnake. The song was written by lead singer, David Coverdale, and "Walking in the Shadow of the Blues" is the B-side. The song was the first single from their "Lovehunter" album, and was the lead-off track. The single charted at number 55 on the UK Singles Chart.
In the chorus, the line "Long Long Way From Home" is used, with the word "Long" used twice, however the song is simply titled "Long Way From Home." This was likely done to avoid confusion with Foreigner's 1977 hit, "Long, Long Way from Home".
The B-Side of the single was "Walking in the Shadow of the Blues", which went onto become a far more popular song than "Long Way from Home," making this a rare instance of a song released as a B-Side becoming more popular than it A-Side counterpart. 
The song reached #55 on the UK Singles Chart in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18961322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961322" title="Peter Scoones">
Peter Scoones

Peter Scoones is the Emmy Award winning underwater cameraman who brings the oceans into our homes. His work, always perfect and always evocative has inspired many people to dive and inspired many divers to take up underwater photography.
Peter is one of those very rare filmmakers who cannot only visualise a new and exciting way to reveal a different side to his subjects, he can also invent the technology to make his vision reality. His naturalistic images are testimony not just to his imagination with a camera but also to his innovative equipment designs. 
Peter Scoones has been diving and taking underwater photographs since 1959. originally trained as a naval architect and,with a keen interest in dinghy racing, his service with the RAF in the Far East initiated his underwater interests.
Filmography.
Earth - (Cinematographer/2009/Lensing/Awaiting Release)
Deep Blue - (Cinematographer/2005)
TV Credits.
Planet Earth ( 2006 / Released ): Photography
Golden Seals of the Skeleton Coast ( 2001 / Released ): Photography
Greatest Wildlife Show on Earth ( 2000 / Released ): Photography
Humpback Whales ( 2000 / Released ): Photography
Otters -- In the Stream of Life ( 2000 / Released ): Photography
Warnings From the Wild ( 2000 / Released ): Photography
Battle of the Sexes ( 1999 / Released ): Photography
Wild Indonesia ( 1999 / Released ): Photography
Crocodiles! ( 1998 / Released ): Photography
India: Land of the Tiger ( 1998 / Released ): Cinematographer
In the Wild ( 1995 / Released ): Photography
The Great White Shark ( 1995 / Released ): Photography
Antarctica: Life in the Freezer ( 1994 / Released ): Camera
Lifeforce ( 1992 / Released ): Photography
The Trials of Life ( 1991 / Released ): Camera
Awards.
Peter's work first came to notice when he won the Gold Medal for the Best Amateur Film at the first Brighton International Film Festival. Since then he has gone on to win many awards including Underwater Photographer of the Year at Brighton (twice) and Best British Underwater Photographer at Birmingham (twice) to name just some of the awards. In 2002, he was awarded the Colin Mcleod Award for “Furthering international co-operation in diving” by the British Sub Aqua Club.
Peter currently works as a freelance cameraman working extensively in both TV and other fields.

</doc>
<doc id="18961326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961326" title="Othona">
Othona

Othona or Othonae was the name of an ancient Roman fort of the Saxon Shore at the location of the modern village Bradwell-on-Sea in Essex, England. The Anglo-Saxon name "Ythanceaster" for the locality derives from the Roman name.
History.
The fort of Othona is in a typical late 3rd century style, and was possibly constructed in during or shortly prior to the Carausian Revolt, making it contemporary with the forts at "Dubris", "Portus Lemanis" and "Garrianum" According to the "Notitia Dignitatum", which is the only contemporary document mentioning Othona, the fort was garrisoned by a "numerus Fortensium" ("numerus of the brave ones").
Location and construction.
Othona's location at the edge of the Dengie peninsula was ideal for control of the estuaries of the rivers Blackwater and Colne, the latter leading to the important city of "Camulodunum" (Colchester). The fort's shape is roughly trapezoidal, with rounded corners. The stone rampart was 4.2 meters thick, indicating a tall superstructure, and enclosed over 2 ha. A single exterior ditch surrounded the site. Although some of the Roman building material was re-used in the 7th century church of St Peter-on-the-Wall, enough of the rampart survived until the 17th century, when it was described by Philemon Holland as a "huge ruin".

</doc>
<doc id="18961342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961342" title="George of Lencastre, 1st Duke of Torres Novas">
George of Lencastre, 1st Duke of Torres Novas

Jorge de Lencastre, or George of Lencastre (Azeitão, 1594 – Lisbon, 1632) was the older son of Dom Álvaro and Juliana of Lencastre, 3rd Dukes of Aveiro.
As heir of the Dukes of Aveiro, he was 3rd Marquis of Torres Novas and, due to King Philip I’s special grant, he also became the 1st Duke of Torres Novas.
However, he never inherited the Dukedom of Aveiro, once he died before his mother.
He married twice:
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil” – Vol. III, page 446. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18961346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961346" title="Canberra A-League Bid">
Canberra A-League Bid

A-League4Canberra was the working name for a proposed Canberra-based A-League association football club. The club is most likely to adopt the name of the current participating W-League Canberra-based club, Canberra United FC.
History.
A-League4Canberra, a Canberra-based consortium led by TransACT CEO Ivan Slavich, was determined to apply for and receive a license to compete in the A-League, commencing in the 2010-11 season. However, A-League4Canberra failed to secure the 12th license they had applied for as Western Sydney Wanderers FC was later given the license instead. The Slavich-led consortium then moved forward with the intention of competing for the 13th licence. The first formal step in that process was to present an application to the A-League License Review Committee in August 2008. At the time, Canberra was one of ten bids expected by Football Federation Australia (FFA) for up to four available licenses, but was considered to be strongly positioned to succeed and had support from the highest levels within FFA.
On Thursday, 5 March 2009, Canberra Stadium hosted an Asian Cup Qualifier game between the Socceroos and Kuwait. FFA officials said that, if Canberra attract over 20,000 to this game then they will be the likely destination for the twelfth A-League licence.
Despite the poor Socceroos performance, the trial in Canberra was a success, with 20,032 fans attending the match. In September 2009, however, a poor crowd to an A-League game at Canberra Stadium was recorded and doubts surfaced about the viability of the bid.
Bid Suspended.
On Thursday, 10 May 2012, A-League4Canberra announced that it was suspending its efforts to secure an A-League club for the Australian capital city. The decision came in the wake of Football Federation Australia's announcement that expansion of the A-League beyond ten teams was on hold until 2015 in the wake of the establishment of a West Sydney-based side in time for the 2012-2013 season. A-League4Canberra CEO Heather Reid told "FourFourTwo (Australia)", "The ALeague4Canberra bid group is being wound up and foundation memberships will be offered back to those who signed up."
Notable supporters.
Politics

</doc>
<doc id="18961358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961358" title="Tafí Viejo, Tucumán">
Tafí Viejo, Tucumán

Tafí Viejo is an Argentine town in the Province of Tucumán. The municipality's population, as of the , was 48,459 inhabitants. Tafí Viejo is located 15 km (9 mi) north of the city of San Miguel de Tucumán, just west of National Route 9; today, it is an important suburb in the larger city's metro area.
Overview.
Located about 600 m (2000 ft) above sea level at the feet of the Aconquija Mountains to the west, the area was originally populated by Aymará-speaking peoples, who gave the site its name with a term meaning "where the cold winds blow." The arrival of the Northern Central Railway in 1882 made the location a popular weekend getaway for San Miguel de Tucumán gentry during the late nineteenth century, and on May 3, 1900, it was founded as "San José de Calasanz". The hamlet was chosen as the site for one of Argentina's largest railway equipment factories in 1904 and the facility was inaugurated in May 1910.
The growing town was formally reestablished with its original name, "Tafí Viejo", on June 2, 1939. Following the railways' nationalization by President Juan Perón in 1948, the facility was modernized and expanded; during the 1950s, it employed over 5,600 workers, who turned out 24 freight cars, 11 passenger cars and two steam locomotives monthly. In the interest of trimming the state-owned railways concern "Ferrocarriles Argentinos"' chronic deficits, however, the dictatorship at the time had the facility closed in 1980, dealing Tafí Viejo a serious economic blow.
Reopened by President Raúl Alfonsín in 1984, the facility could not recover its role as the city's largest employer and, in 1996, Governor Antonio Domingo Bussi had the installation shuttered yet again. Ultimately, President Néstor Kirchner had the factory re-opened shortly after taking office in 2003.
Continuing to prosper despite past setbacks, Tafí Viejo has also developed thriving services and tourism sectors. Limited in the past to weekend visits from metro area residents, the city has been attracting wider interest through the Alpa-Puyo resort, a compound of cabins, guided tours and excursions, as well as a small zoo.

</doc>
<doc id="18961379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961379" title="Aurora Borealis (band)">
Aurora Borealis (band)

Aurora Borealis is an American black metal band from Waldorf, Maryland. The band was founded by guitarist Ron Vento and drummer Tony Laureano in 1994. In 1996 they released their first EP, "Mansions of Eternity".

</doc>
<doc id="18961383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961383" title="Noel Chamberlain">
Noel Chamberlain


</doc>
<doc id="18961392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961392" title="Sébastien Siani">
Sébastien Siani

Sébastien Siani (born December 21, 1986 in Dakar) is a Senegalese born Cameroonian footballer who currently plays for K.V. Oostende in Belgian Second Division.
Career.
Siani played four years for the Kadji Sports Academy, before transferred to Union Douala in July 2004. He moved than in July 2005 from Union Douala to R.S.C. Anderlecht and was one year later loaned for a half year to S.V. Zulte-Waregem. In the season 2007/2008 played one season on loan at R. Union Saint-Gilloise and one year later moved on loan to Sint-Truiden, in summer 2009 moved permanently to Sint-Truidense VV.

</doc>
<doc id="18961397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961397" title="Market Bosworth High School">
Market Bosworth High School

The Market Bosworth School (formerly Market Bosworth High School) is a middle school in the small town of Market Bosworth in Leicestershire, England. The school was rated 'Outstanding' in its 2011/2012 OFSTED inspection.
Market Bosworth was established in 1969, as a comprehensive school for both sexes of any ability between the ages of 11 and 14. The school is next door to Dixie Grammar School. The pupils leave the school at the age of 14 and they transfer to Bosworth Academy in Desford or elsewhere.
Students start after leaving primary schools in villages such as Barlestone, Newbold Verdon and Desford.
In October 2012 a question posed by students at Market Bosworth High School was the first to be used in the world's first live broadcast of a science lesson at the Royal Albert Hall, in London. The broadcast was streamed live via the internet to classrooms across the world over 15 minutes to an online audience of thousands, including pupils from the Leicestershire school. The question posed by pupils was "can sound warm objects up?" It was selected by organisers as their favourite and was answered by Dallas Campbell and Dr Yan Wong, presenters of BBC1 show Bang Goes The Theory.
In March 2013 TMBS won the National Science and Engineering Week Award for Best Secondary School Event of the year. Their four-day 'TMBS Year 5 Science Fairs' were host to 250 Year 5 pupils from local primary schools and opened by former Leicester City Football Club captain Steve Walsh.
In July 2013 the school was visited by East Midlands Capital FM presenters Dino and Pete, who joined pupils for some of their science lessons.

</doc>
<doc id="18961400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961400" title="Volusia County Schools">
Volusia County Schools

Volusia County Schools is the public school district for Volusia County, Florida. The district serves the 16 cities of Daytona Beach, DeBary, DeLand, De Leon Springs, Deltona, Edgewater, Enterprise, Holly Hill, Lake Helen, New Smyrna Beach, Oak Hill, Orange City, Ormond Beach, Osteen, Pierson, and Port Orange. The district is the 57th largest school district in the United States and serves 62,000 students. The district is composed of 46 elementary schools, 12 middle schools, eight high schools and seven alternative schools.
Leadership.
Volusia County Schools is run by the current Superintendent Dr. Margaret A. Smith and 5 elected members, 1 from each district in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="18961404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961404" title="Revaz Mindorashvili">
Revaz Mindorashvili

Revaz Mindorashvili (, born July 1, 1976) is a Georgian wrestler, who has won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18961409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961409" title="Abdelillah Nhaila">
Abdelillah Nhaila

Abdelillah Nhaila (born December 2, 1981) is a Moroccan amateur boxer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics but lost his first bout to Samir Mammadov.

</doc>
<doc id="18961412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961412" title="Yusup Abdusalomov">
Yusup Abdusalomov

Yusup Abdusalomov (born November 8, 1977) is a Tajik wrestler, who won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Career.
Having won the freestyle wrestling title in his weight category at the 2003 Asian championship, Abdusalomov made his Olympic debut at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens where he finished 9th overall in the men's freestyle 74kg category. He followed this the following year with a relatively disappointing 13th place in the 2005 FILA Wrestling World Championships in Budapest. Abdusalamov was to improve on this at the 2007 World Championships in Baku where he claimed second place, having moved up to the 84 kg weight category. At the next Olympics in Beijing 2008, he repeated his good form from the world championships to claim the silver medal in the 84kg category.

</doc>
<doc id="18961413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961413" title="Helmut Beckmann">
Helmut Beckmann

Professor Helmut Beckmann (May 22, 1940 – September 3, 2006) was a German psychiatrist. He was one of the founders of neurodevelopmental theory of schizophrenia and biologically based psychiatry in Germany.
Beckmann's major scientific interests were psychopharmacology, neuropathology of endogenous psychoses, and differentiated psychopathology, in the tradition of Carl Wernicke, Karl Kleist and Karl Leonhard.
He continuously insisted and claimed that psychoses with schizophrenic and schizophrenia-like symptoms did not appear to be a continuum of disorders, but seemed rather to consist of different, clinically sharply distinguished subgroups with different genetic, somatic and psychosocial origins.
Professional engagement.
In 1979, Helmut Beckmann was a Constitutional Committee Member of the German Society of Biological Psychiatry, became President in 1987–1990, and was an Honorary Fellow from 2000. He served as treasurer of the World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) from 1991 to 1997, and as President of Collegium Internationale Neuro-Psychopharmacologicum (CINP) from 1998 to 2000. 
In 1989, he was co-founder of the International Wernicke-Kleist-Leonhard Society (WKL), appointed as president and confirmed in this position until his death. 
Helmut Beckmann’s publications include more than 350 papers, books and new editions of Leonhard’s textbooks. 
He received the Kurt Schneider Prize for his twin studies together with E. Franzek. 
He served on the Editorial Board of many psychiatric journals, including Psychopathology, Journal of Neural Transmission, Biological Psychiatry, and World Journal of Biological Psychiatry.
Clinical work and contribution to psychodiagnostics and psychopathology.
Helmut Beckmann trained a generation of psychiatrists in evidence-based treatment and psychopathology, and thus promoted a generation of academics, many of whom are leaders in the field today.
Helmut Beckmann became acquainted with K. Leonhard’s work through his doctoral advisor H. Dietrich, Munich, very early in his professional career. 
Early in his academic career, he thus came to the conclusion that one of the reasons for the lack of progress in psychiatric research could be – although worked out with good intention – the anosological diagnostic methodology carried out through expert consensus. On his appointment to Würzburg he invited K. Leonhard for lectures and visited him several times in the former Eastern part of Germany absorbing his outstanding knowledge on endogenous psychoses.
Inspired by him, he contrasted the anosological approach with a classification of the endogenous psychoses based on a clinical-empirical approach derived from lifelong observations of the patients in highly differentiated descriptions.
He insisted that a certain diagnosis can be provided only when all the characteristic symptoms of a clinical picture are clearly present.
Re-classification of psychoses and environmental factors in the etiology of schizophrenia syndrome.
Helmut Beckmann proposed to go back on the painstaking road of psychopathological differentiation in order to obtain the most homogeneous groups for investigation, thus enabling sophisticated modern biomedical techniques to bring more certainty to the field.
In a series of reports, he and his co-workers pinpointed the nosological autonomy of cycloid psychoses, unsystematic and systematic schizophrenias by inter-rater reliability analysis and long-term follow-up studies.
He emphasized that the phenomenon of birth seasonality is confined to an excess of winter and spring births in cycloid psychoses and systematic schizophrenias (both groups with low familial loading of psychosis).
Subsequent studies on maternal recall of gestational infections documented a direct relationship between flu-like and febrile affections in the first trimester of maternal gestation with the later occurrence of cycloid psychoses and second trimester affections with manifestations of systematic schizophrenias.
The autonomy of the cycloid psychoses was substantiated by neurophysiological and morphometric studies. In a systematic twin study, he provided evidence that in cycloid psychosis monozygotic pairs had similar concordance rates to dizygotic pairs, pointing to a low heritability. These findings were confirmed by a controlled family study, where first-degree relatives of patients with cycloid psychoses were found to show a similar low frequency of secondary cases to relatives of a population-based control sample.
Neurodevelopmental theory of schizophrenia.
Driven by his pioneering neuropathological findings of early prenatal cytoarchitectural malformations in the brains of patients with schizophrenic psychoses, he is one of the fathers of the neurodevelopmental theory of these psychoses.
In 1986 with C. Jakob, he reported on cortical and subcortical developmental disturbances in schizophrenic psychoses, particularly in the entorhinal area.
These cytoarchitectural abnormalities were mainly or exclusively localized in the upper cortical layers of the limbic allocortex, including circumscribed malformations, nerve cell alterations as well as cytoarchitectural deviations attributable to disruptions of neural migration in the second trimester of gestation.
Psychomotor psychoses.
Clinically, his major affinity was to the psychomotor psychoses. His examinations were based on the profound knowledge of his predecessors, and he taught us to meticulously observe the clinical pictures.
This resulted in a profound progress towards an etiological differentiation of the catatonic psychoses, which finally demonstrated a confirmed and significant linkage of periodic catatonia to chromosome 15q15, despite considerable genetic heterogeneity.
In the light of these findings, the spectrum of psychoses with schizophrenic and schizophrenia-like symptoms did not appear to be a continuum of disorders, but seemed rather to consist of different, clinically sharply distinguished subgroups with different genetic, somatic and psychosocial origins.
Although his findings were not readily accepted, he always hoped that reservations about a nosological differentiation of endogenous psychoses would one day give way to a fruitful discussion of its findings and implications.
In Helmut Beckmann, the psychiatric community loses a person who translated brilliant ideas into practical research to advance scientific and clinical knowledge on the etiology of mental disorders and treatment of patients with mental disorders.
Education and work.
After the study of medicine in Cologne, Düsseldorf, Heidelberg and Munich, he trained in psychiatry at the Psychiatric District Hospital of Haar/Munich and moved to the Department of Psychiatry, University of Munich, as research assistant in 1971.
Under the aegis of H. Hippius and N. Matussek, he was involved in clinical and biochemical studies in the emerging field of psychopharmacology, including a research fellowship at F.K. Goodwin’s group at the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), Bethesda, MD, USA.
In 1978, he received an appointment as university lecturer in ‘Clinical Psychiatry’ at the University of Munich [‘Habilitation’]. In the same year, he moved to the Central Institute of Mental Health, Mannheim (Head H. Häfner), where he was appointed Professor at the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Heidelberg in 1978 and Vice-Director in 1983.
Two years later, in 1985, he became head of the Department of Psychiatry and Psychotherapy at the University of Würzburg, a position he held until his retirement in May, 2006.
References.
Text from Psychopathology 2007;40:67–68 
Prof. Dr. Gerald Stöber, MD
Department of Psychiatry and Psychotherapy, University of Würzburg
Füchsleinstrasse 15
DE–97080 Würzburg (Germany)
E-Mail stoeber_g@klinik.uni-wuerzburg.de
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/produkte.asp?Aktion=ShowPDF&ArtikelNr=98485&Ausgabe=232797&ProduktNr=224276&filename=98485.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="18961419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961419" title="Taras Danko">
Taras Danko

Taras Hryhoriyovych Danko (Тарас Григорійович Данько; born July 3, 1980 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian wrestler, who has won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18961424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961424" title="Georgy Ketoyev">
Georgy Ketoyev

Georgy Ketoyev (born 19 November 1985 in Tbilisi, Georgian SSR) is a Russian wrestler, who has won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18961440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961440" title="Chess Kids">
Chess Kids

Chess Kids is an Australian company (registered business name Chess World Australia Pty Ltd ) that provides a range of chess-related products and services to schools, individuals and chess clubs. Services include coaching and recreational programs, and vacation-seminars they refer to as "incursions". Their affiliated retailer, "Chess World" sells chess equipment and accessories to schools.
Chess Kids organises extensive local and regional chess tournaments for students in more than 645 schools across Australia, including the annual "National Interschool Chess Championships", with over 9,000 students competing on the regional and national level in 2007.
The company was founded in 1998 by chess enthusiast David Cordover, who was only 20 years old at the time. The start-up funds were provided by the cash prize when Cordover won the Nescafé "Big Break Award" contest for his business plan vision of bringing chess to every school student in Australia. In an article in "Teacher: the National Education Magazine", Cordover described the educational and character-development benefits of chess competition for young children; and wrote that "Research has shown that chess confers many educational benefits, including developing problem-solving ability, abstract analytical skill, spatial ability, memory and concentration."
Tournaments.
Chess Kids runs tournaments in Tasmania, Victoria, Western Australia, South Australia and occasionally the Northern Territory. Most of the participants are between 7 and 14 years of age. In the April 2008 issue of "Teacher" magazine, Chess Kids' founder and chess enthusiast, David Cordover wrote that during the five years since the founding of the tournaments, participation in the tournaments had grown from 821 children the first year to over 9,000 students competing.
The tournaments are set up as regional tournaments, with students from various primary and secondary schools competing on behalf of their schools and organized to that students from the same schools do not compete against each other. Tournaments are run in the Swiss Format with 7 games played by competitors. Each win is worth 1 point, a draw 0.5 points, and a loss 0 points. The events use the free Swiss tournament management software (created by Chess Kids) from www.swisstournament.com. The regional winners compete in the finals at Monash University in December each year.
Chess Kids has presented the "National Interschool Chess Championship" for five years in conjunction with Monash University, with the most recent event held in December 2009 at the Monash Clayton campus. The 48 hour tournament hosted 221 student players, from 48 schools. Monash University has committed to host the event through until 2012.
Business model.
Chess Kids offers coaching for individuals, chess clubs and school programs, runs educational holiday programs for children. The cost of the programs are paid on either an hourly or package basis, depending on the type of program and the organization purchasing the package. Chess equipment and supplies sold through their affiliated retail outlet, "Chess World", include chess boards and pieces, books, chess clocks, and chess tables.
The company started franchising the concept as a method of expanding to other areas. After reaching 5 franchises in Melbourne and Adelaide the business model changed and all franchises were bought back by the company. Chess Kids New Zealand was started in late 2009 to replicate the business model.

</doc>
<doc id="18961442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961442" title="Ze'ev Sherf">
Ze'ev Sherf

Ze'ev Sherf (, 21 April 1904 – 18 April 1984) was an Israeli politician who held several ministerial portfolios in the 1960s and 1970s.
Biography.
Born in Czernowitz in Austria-Hungary (today Chernivtsi, Ukraine), Sherf made aliyah in 1925. He was a member of Poale Zion's youth movement, and was a founder of the "Socialist Youth" movement.
During World War II he was a member of the Haganah command, and following the war, worked for the Jewish Agency for two years. 
In 1947 he was appointed secretary of the Situation Committee, which helped create the administrative apparatus of the new state. Following independence, he served as secretary of the government until 1957.
In the 1965 elections he was voted into the Knesset on the Alignment's list. In November 1966 he was appointed Minister of Trade and Industry, and in August 1968 also became Minister of Finance. He held both posts until after the 1969 elections, when he became Minister of Housing. He was not re-elected in the 1973 elections and lost his place in the cabinet the following year when Golda Meir stepped down from the Prime Ministership.

</doc>
<doc id="18961449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961449" title="British National Team Pursuit Championships">
British National Team Pursuit Championships

The British National Team Pursuit Championships are held annually as part of the British National Track Championships organized by British Cycling. Prior to 1996, there were two separate team pursuit championship events for amateur and professional riders. A women's championship was later added, competing over a shorter 3 km distance with three riders, until 2013 when this was increased to 4 km with 4 riders as in the men's event.

</doc>
<doc id="18961463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961463" title="Denton, Northamptonshire">
Denton, Northamptonshire

Denton is a small village and civil parish on the A428 road about south-east of Northampton. It has a pub, the Red Lion, a village hall, a Church of England parish church and a primary school. 
The 2001 Census recorded the parish population as 767.
Parish church.
The Church of England parish church of St Margaret has 13th-century origins but was mostly rebuilt 1827–8.
The interior of the church is decorated with biblical murals by the Northampton artist, Henry Bird. Plans were made for the works in 1960 and they were painted from February 1975 until the summer of 1976. They are on 16 panels with 31 life-size figures, many based on local people.

</doc>
<doc id="18961465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961465" title="British National Team Sprint Championships">
British National Team Sprint Championships

The British National Team Sprint Championships are held annually as part of the British National Track Championships organized by British Cycling. A women's championship was held for the first time in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18961469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961469" title="Gu Su">
Gu Su

Gu Su (顾肃, born April 1, 1955, Jiangsu, China), is a Chinese liberal political philosopher and was professor of Philosophy and Law at Nanjing University, China. After graduating from Nanjing University, he studied at Duke University between 1983 and 1986. After then he taught at Nanjing university as a faculty member. His main work is "Essential Ideas of Liberalism", published in China and Taiwan several times, introducing main ideas of liberalism and their implications to Chinese political and social practice. He has edited a series of books and written many articles in the national press, newspapers, magazines and journals on political and legal issues. He was a Liberal Arts Fellow at Harvard Law School, and a visiting scholar at both the London School of Economics and the University of Melbourne. He is member of editorial Board of the journal "NanoEthics".
Su Gu is now a Professor and Senior Fellow of the IAS at Fudan University.
Writings.
Book chapters
Books: 

</doc>
<doc id="18961472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961472" title="Greg Reyna">
Greg Reyna

"Greg Reyna" (born October 20, 1949) is an American animator and director.
Biography.
Reyna was born in Chicago, Illinois.
In 1969, Reyna began his career as assistant animator (inbetweener) for Amby Paliwoda on Fine Arts Films production of "Shinbone Alley".
During the 1970s he worked as layout artist for DePatie-Freleng, Ron Campbell, Hanna-Barbera, where he worked on a number of TV shows including "Captain Caveman and the Teen Angels", "Scooby's All-Star Laff-A-Lympics", and "The Smurfs", Orsatti Productions, and most memorably, Peter Aries' notorious Kling Street studio.
During the 1980s, he worked as animator on various projects such as the "Harry Canyon" segment of the film "Heavy Metal"; "She-Ra" and "The Real Ghostbusters" for Filmation; "Super Mario Brothers" for DIC; and as layout artist and animator on the first season of "The Simpsons".
During the 1990s Reyna worked as layout supervisor and director for Warner Bros. on "Tiny Toons", "Animaniacs", "Pinky and the Brain", and as timing director on "Baby Blues", and "Histeria!".
Since the turn of the century, Reyna has worked as slugger and timing director for "Sony-Adelaide": "Dilbert", "Sammy"; Warner Bros.: "Zeta"; Sunbow Productions: "Generation O", "The Cramp Twins"; Nickelodeon Studios: "Oh Yeah!", "The Pied Piper", BKN: "Roswell", "Capertown Cops"; "Tom T. Animation": "Baldo", "Biker Mice From Mars"; and SD Entertainment: "Alien Racers", "Care Bears", "Angelina Ballerina".

</doc>
<doc id="18961481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961481" title="Amaranthus powellii">
Amaranthus powellii

Amaranthus powellii is a species of amaranth known by the common names Powell's amaranth and green amaranth. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, but it is common throughout most of the rest of the temperate Americas as a naturalized species. It has also been introduced to other continents, including Australia and Europe. This is an erect annual herb growing to a maximum height near two meters. It has leaves up to 9 centimeters long, those on the upper part of the plant lance-shaped and lower on the stem diamond or roughly oval in shape. The inflorescence holds several long, narrow clusters of both male and female flowers interspersed with spiny green bracts. The fruit is a smooth dehiscent capsule about 3 millimeters long containing shiny reddish black seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="18961484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961484" title="British National Madison Championships">
British National Madison Championships

The British National Madison Championships are held annually as part of the British National Track Championships organized by British Cycling. There were two separate championship events for amateur and professional riders previously.

</doc>
<doc id="18961490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961490" title="Ryton, Shropshire">
Ryton, Shropshire

Ryton is a village and civil parish in Shropshire, England in the district of Bridgnorth. It lies about one mile north north west of Beckbury. The civil parish originates during Norman times, and appears as "Ruitone" in the Domesday book of 1086. Ryton was part of the Saxon parish of Shifnal, but became separate at some point during the 12th century because there is mention of a priest at Ryton named Bernard in 1186.
In 1643 John Craven was created Baron Craven of Ryton, named after this village, but the title died out with his death in 1648.
It is believed Reverend Robert William Eyton (1815–1881), author of "The Antiquities of Shropshire", was Rector at Ryton.
Colonel William Kenyon-Slaney (1847–1908), sportsman and politician, whose family home, Hatton Grange, is in the parish, is buried in the churchyard.
Italian Romolo Piazzani is also buried here. He is credited with building Ryton Hall, and as well as being a landscape gardener, he has a portrait in the Scottish National Portrait Gallery. The hall was for a time a boarding school, and is now apartments, with houses built in the garden.
Ryton is home to St Andrew's church, in which records first appear of its existence in 1710 as well as a popular public house, named "The Fox Inn"
Population.
In 1801, the recorded population of Ryton was 160, with 81 males and 79 females.
Between 1801 and 1861 the population rose to 264, with 163 of these being male.
However there wasn't a steady, consistent rise to the population, instead there were a number of periods where it actually dropped, for example between 1811 and 1821 the population dropped from 170 to 131.
Another example is between 1881 and 1901, where the population dropped from 212 to 121.
As of 2001, the total population stood at 156, with 82 being male.
Being a location with such a small population, it is perhaps no surprise that there are very large changes in the percentage of population, as it would not have taken a lot of people to make a large change. Interesting to note that the time in which Ryton's population increases the most, is at a time when England and Wales' decline, which also falls at the time of World War I.
The population density of Ryton is a much lower population density compared to the average of England and Wales, which is expected due to its rural location. England and Wales show a steady increase in population density, whereas Ryton hardly changes at all between 1880 and 1960.
Population Graph of Ryton
Industry.
Historically, the majority of the working population of Ryton have worked in agriculture, unsurprising considering the rural location. In 1831, 30 out of 53 economically active males aged over 20 worked as agricultural labourers.
This therefore gives us an idea of the social status of the majority of people at this time, as the vast majority of people were either a labourer or a servant.
In 1881, with economically active males again agriculture is the most common sector. With females however, the most common is of an unknown occupation, followed closely by domestic service or offices.
In more recent times however, employment is more evenly split, with 30 working in the Extractive and Manufacturing industries, and 43 working in the service industries.
Pie Chart of Occupational structure of men in Ryton, 1831
Chart of Occupational structure of men and women in Ryton, 1881
Housing.
Between 1831 and 1961 there was only an increase of 14 households in Ryton, signalling that there was not a great deal of change or development in the area.
The biggest increase seen was between 1931–1951, with 17 new houses built, possibly due to post war development.
Another point which re-emphasises the lack of development in Ryton, is that between 1831 and 1961 there were no houses under construction.
During the same time, the vast majority of houses were occupied, with vacant houses peaking at only 7 in 1901, suggesting a very stable community.
As of 2001, the total dwelling count stood at 57, with no vacant household spaces and an average household size of 2.84 people.
St. Andrew's Church.
Although there is evidence of medieval stonework within the church, the first record dates back to 1710, in which a tablet in the tower wall commemorates the church wardens who possibly were responsible for the building of the tower.
Originally there were three bells, but then a further two were added in 1887 to mark Queen Victoria's 50th Jubilee, and a sixth bell was added in 1993.
The font is unusual, in that it is recessed into the tower arch and the style of its carved decorations suggests that it is a 14th-century creation.

</doc>
<doc id="18961506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961506" title="Saturday Night at the Blue Note">
Saturday Night at the Blue Note

Saturday Night at the Blue Note is a 1990 live album by Oscar Peterson. 
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Oscar Peterson, unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18961510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961510" title="Subhash Awchat">
Subhash Awchat

Subhash Awchat is an Indian artist and author based in Mumbai.
Literary career.
Awchat wrote the novel "Madam" in memory of Smita Patil, a collection of short stories, and a book of essays.
His book "Studio" was collated from diaries that Awchat wrote over a period of 20 years. 
"Studio" is dedicated to Smita Patil and opens with a poem dedicated to Patil, who was a childhood friend of Awchat's. Awchat talks about the book: ""Studio" does not explicitly deal with my art, but the undercurrent of art is forever present. Here, in my own way, I have expressed my idea about art, among other things. I have tried to explore the need for an artist to step out of the immediate urban microcosm, and into the rural India."
Career as an artist.
Awchat started off as a graphic designer, but left the world of advertising to take up painting. 
Awchat intermittently worked on canvases from his Clown series from 1986 to 1991. Awchat's writing is an offshoot of his art in that each time he struggles with his artwork he returns to writing as a creative outlet. 
Subhash Awachat acted in the award winning Marathi film "22 June 1897" (1979).
Awchat is working on a commission. he is planning on moving to Alibaug, Maharashtra.

</doc>
<doc id="18961548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961548" title="Stjepan Janić">
Stjepan Janić

Stjepan Janić (; born 24 November 1980 in Bačka Palanka, Serbia), is a Croatian sprint canoer.
In 1998, he won his first silver medal as a member of the Serbia and Montenegro (then under Yugoslavia) crew which took the K-2 1000 m title at the World Championships in Szeged, Hungary. In 2004, he started competing for Croatia.
Janić is a member of the Kajak klub Jarun from Zagreb. He is 6’0” (1.84 m) tall and weighs 190 lbs (86 kg). He is the son of the late legendary Serbian canoer Milan Janić. His sister is Nataša Janić, a multiple canoe Olympic gold medalist for Hungary.
Janić competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, finishing seventh in the K-1 1000 m and ninth in the K-1 500 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="18961550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961550" title="Sean Bowden">
Sean Bowden

Sean Bowden (born 22 September 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Football career.
Bowden was drafted by Richmond with pick 103 in the 1988 draft and started the 1990 season by becoming the 920th player to debut the Tigers. He played the first five games of the season and then one final game in 1991.
He was the second in his family to pull on the yellow-and-black following father Michael and was followed by brothers Joel and Patrick.

</doc>
<doc id="18961556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961556" title="Sajjad Haider Karim">
Sajjad Haider Karim

Sajjad H. Karim (nickname "Saj"; born 11 July 1970) is a Member of the European Parliament for North West England.
He was elected in 2004 for the Liberal Democrats, but joined the Conservative Party on 26 November 2007, He was the first British Muslim elected to the European Parliament.
Early life.
Sajjad Haider Karim was born in Blackburn, Lancashire on 11 July 1970. His father was a Conservative councillor. Sajjad Haider Karim attended the College of Law in Chester studying Law. He qualified as a Solicitor of the Supreme Court of England and Wales in 1997 and rose to becoming an equity partner very quickly specialising in cases of serious fraud defence work. Sajjad was elected a member of Pendle Borough Council in 1994 and served until 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18961558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961558" title="Spalding Township">
Spalding Township

Spalding Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18961572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961572" title="State university and college (Philippines)">
State university and college (Philippines)

State Universities and Colleges (SUC) in the Philippines, refers to any public institution of higher learning that was created by an Act passed by the Philippine Congress. These institutions are fully subsidized by the national government, and may be considered as a corporate body.
Endowment.
SUCs lamented the Philippine government's inadequate financial aid. For the 2003-2004, SUCs only had PHP 16.8 billion, and about 40 percent of it went to the University of the Philippines and the Mindanao State University. However, in 2008, the Philippine Congress allotted PHP 20.8 billion in subsidy for the operations of state universities and colleges.
Collectively, SUCs have a student population of approximately 865,000, which means that every student is subsidized by an average of PHP 24,000 per school year. Each Filipino family contributes PHP 1,185 a year to run these schools through their tax payments. Of the total amount, PHP 15.4 billion 
for the salaries of faculty members and employees.
Naming Conventions.
During the growth and restructuring of the state systems, names such as "University of the Philippines" have changed their meanings over time.
Challenges.
SUCs are confronted by similar problems such as poor education spending and annual budget cutbacks. As a result, these schools impose enrolment quotas and increase fees. In recent years, tuition rate and miscellaneous fees in the SUCs have seen the biggest increases. 
In 2007, the University of the Philippines hiked its tuition by 300 percent, from PHP 300 to PHP 1,000 per unit, while Eulogio "Amang" Rodriguez Institute of Science and Technology implemented a 600 percent tuition hike, from PHP 15 per unit to PHP 100 per unit, resulting in a 50 percent drop in enrollment. During the same period, the Polytechnic University of the Philippines was poised to increase its rate by 525 percent, but because of massive student demonstration the administration had to shelve the plan.
SUCs are also forced to accept only a limited number of students due to budget cuts. In 2007, some 66,000 high school graduates took the UPCAT but only around 12,000 were admitted. The same is true in PUP where only 10,000 to 13,000 are admitted from more than 50,000.
Enrollment rate.
Only 10 percent of college students were in state-run schools in 1980, but this rose to 21 percent in 1994 and to almost 40 percent at present.
List of SUCs per Region.
The SUCs are banded together in one organization called the Philippine Association of State Universities and Colleges (PASUC). As of 2004, PASUC's membership comprises 111 SUCs and 11 satellite associations. There are 436 state universities and colleges in the Philippines (including satellite campuses).

</doc>
<doc id="18961604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961604" title="Clifden Suspension Bridge">
Clifden Suspension Bridge

The Clifden Suspension Bridge is an historic suspension bridge near Clifden, New Zealand. Built in 1899, it spans the Waiau River and is 111.5 m long. aka the "Iron Bridge"
The bridge has been accessible to pedestrians only since 1978. In April 2010 the bridge was closed to pedestrian traffic due to safety concerns outlined in a report commissioned by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust, the organisation that cares for the bridge. The safety issues were identified after a routine inspection of the bridge after an earthquake the previous year.
The bridge, constructed of twenty-seven steel cables attached to concrete pillars (clad to resemble stone pillars), still has its historic wooden decking. It is listed as a Category I Historic Place by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="18961608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961608" title="Matt Illingworth">
Matt Illingworth

Matt Illingworth (born 25 July 1968, Westcliff, Essex).) is a road and track racing cyclist, in individual and team pursuits and time-trials track and road. He rode for England in the team time-trial at the 1994 Commonwealth Games, coming second. He was also a member of the silver-medal pursuit team and won bronze in the individual pursuit at the 1998 Commonwealth Games.
He broke the 10-mile record in 1992 and the 30-mile in 1998.
He lives with New Zealand road cyclist Anne Murrell in Perth, Australia where he takes part in triathlons.

</doc>
<doc id="18961609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961609" title="Alberts Vaters">
Alberts Vaters

Alberts Vaters (190? – 3 November 1928) was a Latvian football forward and midfield who played 5 international matches for the Latvia national football team in 1928, shortly before his death.
Biography.
Vaters was known as a sportsman in Latvia since 1921, however his career in football really took off in 1925 when he played with JKS Riga which in that year finished second in the top Riga football league (Vaters was more of a reserves player then though). The following season was less successful for JKS and at the end of it Vaters moved to a stronger side - LSB Riga. In 1926 he also played in several matches for the Riga garrison selected team alongside more famous footballers like Arvīds Jurgens, Pēteris Lauks, Arvīds Bārda and Arkādijs Pavlovs.
In 1927 Vaters was called up to the national team for a friendly match against Sweden, however he wasn't chosen to play in the match. Still Vaters played for the Riga selected team in several matches.
In 1928 Vaters was chosen to play in the national team in the Baltic Cup and in the first game of the tournament against Lithuania he scored two goals, thus making one of the brightest débuts in the history of the national team. After coming out victorious from the Baltic Cup Vaters also capped in the next 3 international friendlies for Latvia in 1928.
In the autumn of 1928 Vaters left LSB Riga and joined Vanderer Riga, but he didn't appear in any matches for the side as he was giving away to a cocaine addiction and he died of an overdose on 3 November 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="18961611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961611" title="Lienzo Vischer I">
Lienzo Vischer I

The Lienzo Vischer I is an indigenous Mexican map of the "altepetl" of Tecamachalco and its surroundings, completed in 1557. It is painted on deerskin, and measures . Like other indigenous maps, it contains historical as well as geographical information, including several generations of the dynasty that ruled Tecamachalco.
The lienzo is named after Swiss collector Lukas Vischer, who brought it from Mexico to Basel in Switzerland, where it now resides in the Museum of Cultures. It is also known as the Lienzo de Tecamachalco, or Mapa de Tecamachalco.

</doc>
<doc id="18961645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961645" title="Alberto Alcocer">
Alberto Alcocer

Alberto Alcocer Torra (born December 17, 1942, in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish businessman. He is owner, with his cousin Alberto Cortina, of Alcor Holding, a patrimonial society owner of 12,5% of Grupo ACS, the major Spanish construction company, and of 21% of the wastebasket company, Ence. As of March 2011, according to Forbes, he is ranked 13th richest in Spain and 993rd globally with an estimated net worth of $1.2 billion.
Biography.
Alcocer studied Law in the Universidad Complutense de Madrid. In 1969 he married in separation of goods with Esther Koplowitz. After it, the cousins started being employed at the company Constructions and Contracts, which the father of his wives had founded.
In 1976, Alberto Alcocer and Alberto Cortina were already managing directors, transforming the company in a group of more than 30 societies. In 1978 they were acquiring 5% of the Development bank, belonging to the Central Bank and, three years later, the cousins acquire some participations in the cement company Portland Valderrivas, which was property of Banesto.
In 1982, they acquire the Bank Zaragozano and, in 1987, they get in the mass media across with the group Estructura. One year later, close to the Group KIO, to that they sold the majority of control of the society Urbanor in exchange for 12% that the Kuwaiti group had in the Central Bank (causative operation of the spectacular revaluation of Urbanor's actions), they create the society Cartera Central. But in 2003 both had to sell his participation of the control in the Bank Zaragozano to Barclays because one of his associates in Urbanor, the architect Pedro Sentieri, denounced them for racket, giving place to the case Urbanor.
The judgment was appealed in protection before the Constitutional Court for having violated the judicial effective guardianship of Cortina and Alcocer, and in June, the Supreme Court made the same, granting them the right to recover 50 million Euros paid to his ex-associates as indemnification.
Some weeks after the absolution of the case Urbanor, the magazine Forbes included Alberto Alcocer between 1000 major fortunes of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18961661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961661" title="List of canal tunnels in the United Kingdom">
List of canal tunnels in the United Kingdom

List of Canal Tunnels.
This is a list of canal tunnels in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="18961662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961662" title="Genie with the Light Pink Fur">
Genie with the Light Pink Fur

Genie with the Light Pink Fur is the 22nd cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
The Pink Panther picks up a lamp while taking a stroll. He rubs it, and hears a voice offering him to be a chance to be genie. The Pink Panther is reluctant, but the lamp forces him, and soon he becomes a genie.
Then as a Genie, he tries to find a person to rub the lamp. All his efforts fail and in the end he lands up in the garbage dump, where he hears another lamp. He smashes the other lamp and walks off.

</doc>
<doc id="18961665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961665" title="Frame injection (disambiguation)">
Frame injection (disambiguation)

Frame injection may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18961673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961673" title="Mark Blum">
Mark Blum

Mark Blum (born 14 May 1950) is an American actor in movies, on television and stage.
Career.
Blum started acting on stage in the 1970s. Beginning in the 1980s as an actor in movies like "Lovesick", "Desperately Seeking Susan" and "Crocodile Dundee", he later appeared in television series as guest, with the failed show "Capital News" in 1990 being his only stint as a series regular.
Blum won an Obie Award for his performance as Al in the Playwrights Horizons production of Albert Innaurato's play "Gus and Al" in the 1988–1989 season.
Blum currently is on the faculty of HB Studio in New York City.
Personal life.
Blum was born in Newark, New Jersey. He is married to actress Janet Zarish who appeared in 1981 as Natalie Bannon on "As the World Turns" and from 1986 to 1987 as Lee Halpern on "One Life to Live". He also co-starred on the short-lived TV series "Sweet Surrender" in 1987 and "Capital News" in 1990. He is a graduate of University of Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18961685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961685" title="Treasurer of Victoria">
Treasurer of Victoria

The Treasurer of Victoria is the title held by the Cabinet Minister who is responsible for the financial management of the budget sector in the Australian state of Victoria. This primarily includes:
Partial list of Treasurers prior to 1935
List of Victorian Treasurers (since 1935).
Prior to 1979, the roles of Premier and Treasurer were usually held by the same person.

</doc>
<doc id="18961686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961686" title="Clan Gillanders">
Clan Gillanders

Clan Gillanders, also known in Scottish Gaelic as Clann Ghille Ainnriais, is a Scottish clan whose genealogy is preserved in the 15th-century manuscript "MS 1467". 
"MS 1467".
Summary.
According to this manuscript, the clan's chief was Paul Mactire, a man who appears in contemporary records in the 1360s. The manuscript records that Paul's great-great-grandfather was Gillanders, who was in turn eight generations in descent from Gilleoin of the Aird, who is also recorded within as the progenitor of the Mackenzies and the Mathesons. Gilleoin of the Aird is thought to have flourished around 1140, and is thought to have governed a large expanse of land in the north of Scotland, independent of the 12th century mormaers of Moray. According to Alexander Grant, he is likely to have filled the vacuum in southern Ross, left by the reduction of Norse power in the later part of the 11th century.
According to Skene, this manuscript shows that Paul descended from a brother of Fearchar, Earl of Ross. W.D.H. Sellar pointed out that there are too many generations between Paul and Gilleoin of the Aird. Sellar considered that the genealogy combined the descendants of Gilleoin of the Aird with the ancestors of Paul; thus, that the genealogy should actually start with the "Paul" who appears in the manuscript as Gillander's grandfather. However, according to William Matheson, it is possible that this "Paul" is Páll Bálkason, a 13th-century sheriff of Skye. Matheson considered that Páll Bálkason's father was an ancestor of the MacPhails, MacKillops, and the MacLeods.
The personal name "Gillanders" is an Anglicised form of a Gaelic name meaning "the servant of (St) Andrew". The Gaelic name was a common one in mediaeval Scotland. According to Grant, there are two men who appear in contemporary records in the 13th century, that may belong to the clan. These men are Gillanders MacIsaac, and Isaac MacGillanders, who are thought to be father and son. According to Grant, since Gillanders MacIsaac flourished in about 1231, this could make him a contemporary of the "Gillanders" recorded in the manuscript, and possibly could mean they are the same individual. Grant suggested that the lands of Gillanders MacIsaac may have been on the Black Isle, or lower Strathconon, or around Dingwall.
Clan Ross.
A 17th-century tradition stated that the daughter of Paul Mactire married a Ross of Balnagown, and from then on the Rosses were known in Gaelic as "Clan Leamdreis".

</doc>
<doc id="18961690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961690" title="Novi asistent">
Novi asistent

Novi asistent is a 1964 Yugoslavian television series based on A. J. Cronin's stories about the fictional hero, Dr. Finlay. The series was directed by Mirjana Samardzic and starred Dejan Dubajic, Ljiljana Jovanovic, Nikola Simic, and Milan Srdoc.

</doc>
<doc id="18961693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961693" title="The Pink Quarterback">
The Pink Quarterback

The Pink Quarterback is the 44th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
The Pink Panther is leisurely walking on the street when he sees a 25¢ coin. He picks it up and goes to buy a hotdog, when he changes his mind and goes to buy a hamburger. Confused between the two, he decides to toss the coin and see. The coin falls and rolls away. After many attempts, including climbing 40 floors of a building, jumping a subway turnstile picking up the coin in a bank and fighting with a beggar, the coin lands on wet cement and starts becoming bigger and bigger as it rolls downhill. The Panther then quickly orders a hotdog, and the cemented coin crashes into the vendor's outlet.
Laugh track.
"The Pink Panther Show" contained a laugh track when the Pink Panther cartoons were broadcast on NBC. At present, the laugh track version airs on Boomerang, and Gulli France channel.

</doc>
<doc id="18961694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961694" title="Yehoshua Rabinovitz">
Yehoshua Rabinovitz

Yehoshua Rabinovitz (, born 12 November 1911, died 14 August 1979) was an Israeli politician who served as a government minister and mayor of Tel Aviv.
Biography.
Born in Vishneva in the Russian Empire (today in Belarus), Rabinovitz attended high school in Vilnius, and went on to train as a teacher in the same city. He worked as a teacher and headmaster, and was a member of the HeHalutz movement. He made aliyah to the Mandate Palestine in 1934 and studied in the economics and law school of Tel Aviv University. Prior to independence, he worked for Mashbir HaZarhan, and was involved in the Haganah.
In 1955 he was elected onto Tel Aviv city council, serving until 1959. That year he became Deputy Mayor in charge of Finances, a position he held until becoming mayor in 1969. He served as mayor until 1974.
Although not a member of the Knesset, he was appointed Minister of Housing in March 1974 by Golda Meir. After Meir resigned, he became Minister of Finance in Yitzhak Rabin's government, serving until 1977. In the 1977 elections he was voted into the Knesset on the Alignment's list, but lost his cabinet post as Likud formed a right-wing government. He died whilst still a Knesset member at the age of 67 on 14 August 1979. His seat was taken by Esther Herlitz.
Commemoration.
Yarkon Park in Tel Aviv, officially named "Ganei Yehoshua," is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="18961714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961714" title="Azize Tanrıkulu">
Azize Tanrıkulu

Azize Tanrıkulu (born February 9, 1986 in Bismil, Diyarbakır, Turkey) is a Turkish taekwondo athlete, who competed in the Women's 57 kg class at the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, China and won the silver medal. She lost the final match against Lim Su-Jeong by 0-1. She is competing for the İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyesi S.K.. She studied at Akdeniz University.
She graduated from physical education and sports at Akdeniz University. Her brother, Bahri Tanrıkulu is Turkey National Team member in Taekwondo and Olympic silver medalist, and her sister-in-law is Tina Morgan, an Australian former Olympic taekwondo competitor.

</doc>
<doc id="18961716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961716" title="Oasis Academy Mayfield">
Oasis Academy Mayfield

Oasis Academy Mayfield is a city academy in Southampton, England, run by Oasis Community Learning (a foundation established by the Oasis Trust) with approximately 900 pupils.
The Academy was established in 2008, when two local secondary schools merged; Woolston School Language College in Porchester Road, Woolston, and Grove Park Business and Enterprise College in the Grove, Weston. Due to the number of combined students, the Academy initially operated as a split site with the Key Stage 3 students (Years 7, 8 & 9) being taught at The Grove and Key Stage 4 students (Years 10 & 11) being taught at Porchester Road.
In the early months of forming a new Academy, both students and staff faced a number of challenges as they adjusted to teaching and learning across the split site. Following a meeting between parents and local MP, John Denham, acting Head Ruth Johnson was replaced by John Toland on 24 November 2008, who officially took up the post of Principal on 2 March 2009.
On 21 February 2012, students and staff moved into their new £15 million state-of-the-art building which was officially opened by the Mayor and Mayoress of Southampton. Their most recent Ofsted confirmed that 'achievement is rapidly improving' and praised the hard work of staff and students since their last visit.

</doc>
<doc id="18961719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961719" title="Alberto Cortina">
Alberto Cortina

Alberto Cortina (born on January 20, 1947, in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish businessman. He is co-owner, with his cousin Alberto Alcocer, of Alcor Holding, a patrimonial society owner of 12.5% of Grupo ACS, the major Spanish construction company, and of 21% of Ence, a leading European producer of paper pulp and renewable energy production from biomass.
Biography.
Cortina studied Law at the Universidad Complutense de Madrid. His life has run parallel to that of his cousin Alberto Alcocer. In Spain both cousins are commonly referred to as "The Albertos". In 1969 he married Alicia Koplowitz. After that, he and his cousin started working for Fomento de Construcciones y Contratas, the company founded by Alicia's father.
By the year 1976 he became CEO of the company.
Driven by the talent of Cortina and Alcocer, and through a never before tried diversification from its core building business into other sectors, the company grew more than 660 times in market value over a period of 18 years. This growth was accomplished in spite of the Spanish crisis that took place between the years of 1973 and 1985. The value of the company went from 450 million pesetas in 1972 to 300,000 million pesetas. The company that was having a turnover of 1,000 million pesetas when Alberto joined it, became a diversified group of over 30 companies, with a total turnover of close to 300,000 million pesetas.
In 1978, both Albertos acquired 5% of Banco de Fomento, belonging to Banco Central. Three years later, they acquire a significant stake in Portland Valderrivas, a cement company owned by Banesto, on which they placed Alberto Cortina's brother, Alfonso Cortina, as head of the company.
In 1982 they acquired Banco Zaragozano. Later, in 1988, together with KIO Group they created Cartera Central which had a significant stake in Banco Central and a seat on its Board of Directors.
In July 2000 Alberto gets married to Elena Cue. They had their first child in the year 2006, and are at present happily married.
In 2010 Forbes Magazine included Alberto Cortina in their billionaires list ranking as the 828th wealthiest man in the world.
In 2012 Alberto and his wife Elena Cue dissolve their African charity foundation Ol Jogi and create a new foundation "Alberto and Elena Cortina Foundation". Its main objective is to help through various projects those in need and in risk of social exclusion, especially children, both in Spain and in non-developed countries.
Business titles.
Alberto Cortina has held the following titles:
In January 2007 he presented his resignation as Member of the Board for Terra.com.

</doc>
<doc id="18961727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961727" title="Elmer Brunner">
Elmer Brunner

Elmer David Brunner (died 3 April 1959) was a convicted American murderer and was the last defendant executed by West Virginia.
On 27 May 1957, Ruby Miller was killed with the claw-end of a hammer in Huntington, West Virginia during a burglary of her home. Brunner was arrested and charged with first degree murder. Brunner was convicted in July 1957 and was sentenced to death by electric chair.
Brunner's case was appealed twice to the Supreme Court of West Virginia and once to the United States Supreme Court, but all of his appeals were rejected. He was executed on 3 April 1959 by electrocution in "Old Sparky", the electric chair in the West Virginia State Penitentiary in Moundsville, West Virginia.
West Virginia abolished the death penalty in 1965. No one has been executed by West Virginia since Brunner's death.

</doc>
<doc id="18961737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961737" title="Margaret Edwards">
Margaret Edwards

Margaret Edwards (born 28 March 1939) was an Olympic swimmer for Team GB at the 1956 Summer Olympics where she won a bronze medal in the women's 100 meter backstroke in the time of 1:13.1. Also, at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games, she won a silver medal in the women's 110 yard backstroke, and was a member of the British team which won a gold medal in the 4x100 yard medley.
References.
Member of Heston Swimming Club

</doc>
<doc id="18961744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961744" title="Gadarmala">
Gadarmala

Gadarmala, also known as Bhopalgarh, is a taluk in Bhilwara district, Rajasthan.
Geography.
It is located at .
Demographics.
It is a small village with a population about 5,000 people.
History.
The village is named after the King Bhopal Singh. The king Bhopal Singh was an adopted son of king Kesar Singh. The monument of the king is now sold to one of person of the village and is now not open for tourists. 
Gadarmala is a "thikana" (titled estate or "jagir") held by the descendants of Puranmal, the eleventh son of Maharana Pratap Singh I (1572–1597). Their title is "Baba". The parent house was Mangrop (Magrop), which was given to Puranmal. Two generations later, Puranmal's grandson, Mohkam Singh, received the village of Gurla as a "jagir" from his father, Nath Singh of Mangrop. Mohkam Singh gave one of his sons, Amar Singh, the "jagir" of Gadarmala, which is an offshoot of Gurla.
Location.
It is situated approximately 20 km away from Bhilwara. It is nearer to Pur suburb.
Administration.
Gadarmala has a gram panchayat consisting of small villages such as Chawanderi, Dholikhera, Nogawa.

</doc>
<doc id="18961747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961747" title="People's Postcode Lottery">
People's Postcode Lottery

'People’s Postcode Lottery' is a postcode-based subscription lottery which operates across Great Britain. It is run by 
Novamedia BV, an international charity lottery operator based in The Netherlands. The first draws in Great Britain started in 2005.
History.
The Postcode Lottery format was introduced by Dutch company Novamedia BV, which launched its first postcode lottery in The Netherlands in 1989. Novamedia now runs five charity lotteries, Nationale Postcode Loterij Vrienden Loterij and BankGiro Loterij in The Netherlands, Svenska Postkod Lotteriet in Sweden and People’s Postcode Lottery in Great Britain. Together, they have contributed over €5 Billion to charitable organisations around the world.
People’s Postcode Lottery launched in the North of England in 2005 as a pilot-scheme. After a successful launch, it expanded into Scotland in 2007 and launched in Wales in July 2010. The Lottery was established to raise money for charity and increase awareness of the work of the various charities and good causes supported by its players.
Charities.
45p from every £2 ticket (22.5%)goes to charities and good causes across Great Britain and the money raised stays local to players. In contrast, in the period up to March 2013, around 28% of total National Lottery revenue (25% more than the Post Code Lottery) is expected to go to the Good Causes. 
People's Postcode Lottery players support the following Trusts – 'Postcode Green Trust', 'Postcode Care Trust', 'People’s Postcode Trust' and 'Postcode Culture Trust'. The Trusts support a variety of charities, including: 
As of January 2013, players of People’s Postcode Lottery have raised over £24.7 million for charity. As the Lottery expands in players, so too will the number of charities benefitting from the funds raised.
Ambassadors.
People’s Postcode Lottery has a number of celebrity ambassadors. Current ambassadors include: Dame Ellen MacArthur, Kaye Adams, Lorraine Kelly, Aggie MacKenzie, Colin McCredie and Mark Beaumont amongst many others.
Street Prize presenters Judie McCourt and Scott Quinnell visit People’s Postcode Lottery winners to present them with their cheques, attend Postcode Million events and take part in People’s Postcode Lottery advertising campaigns.
Fiona Phillips became an ambassador for People's Postcode Lottery at the end of 2012, leading the organisation's DRTV campaigns.
How it works.
People’s Postcode Lottery is a subscription lottery. Players sign up to pay monthly in advance by Direct Debit, credit card, debit card or PayPal. There are five draws a month with prizes every day.
Prizes:
In accordance with Gambling Act 2005 restrictions, the maximum amount which can be won by a single People’s Postcode Lottery ticket is £400,000, or 10% of the total draw proceeds.
Postcode Challenge.
From 2008-2010, People’s Postcode Lottery sponsored the Postcode Challenge, a quiz show hosted by Angus Purden on STV. The programme ceased in 2010.
TV Sponsorship.
Over the years, parent company Novamedia has worked with a number of leading TV production companies and public and commercial broadcasters to support the promotion of their Lotteries. Novamedia inspired and paid Endemol to produce TV game shows such as ‘Deal or No Deal’ and ‘1 vs 100’.

</doc>
<doc id="18961769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961769" title="Giorgi Gogshelidze">
Giorgi Gogshelidze

Giorgi Gogshelidze (born 7 November 1979 in Gori) is a Georgian wrestler, who has won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18961774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961774" title="Khetag Gazyumov">
Khetag Gazyumov

Khetag Gazyumov (born 24 April 1983) is an Azerbaijani freestyle wrestler of Ossetian origin. Competing in the 96 kg weight category he won two bronze medals at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics, as well as four gold and two silver medal at the European and world championships in 2009–2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18961775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961775" title="Jan Góra">
Jan Góra

Jan Wojciech Góra OP (born 8 February 1948 in Prudnik) – Dominican, Roman Catholic Priest, Doctor of Theology, academic chaplain. Since 1997, he has been the organiser of the Polish Youth Meeting Lednica 2000 at the Lednica Fields. Animator for the academic chaplaincy centre "Respublica Dominicana" in Jamna. Author of numerous books and articles. 
In 1966, he entered the Dominican Order; during the years 1967-1974, he studied at the Dominican College of Philosophy and Theology in Cracow. During the years 1977-1987, he was chaplain to secondary school pupils in Poznań and since 1987 he is an academic chaplain in Poznań at the Queen of the Holy Rosary church. 
His first evangelising work was the annual summer youth colloquia in Ustronie-Hermanice. In 1991, he was co-organizer of the VI World Youth Days at Jasna Góra. It was then that the words of the hymn entitled "Abba Ojcze" were composed for this meeting. During the winter of 1992, he set up the "Dom Świętego Jacka" – a chaplaincy centre on the Jamna Mountain near Tarnów. Initially the "School of Faith" started in the old building of the school and later on, due to the personal intervention of Pope John Paul II, he built the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Unfailing Hope. 
In 1997, he organized for the first time the Polish Youth Meeting Lednica 2000 nearby the Lednica Lake near Gniezno. Since that time youth meetings by the Fish-Gate have taken place, initially on the Eve of Pentecost and now on the first Saturday of June. Since 2004, annually, at the beginning of September, he also organizes Lednica for Seniors. He is founder of the Museum of the history of Lednica in Poznań and of the John Paul II House on the Lednica Fields. 
Father Jan Góra propagates the idea of Small Nations, works closely with many Catholic and cultural publications and publishing houses. He has received numerous prizes and honours for his work up to now: 

</doc>
<doc id="18961781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961781" title="Anatoli Isayev">
Anatoli Isayev

Anatoli Konstantinovich Isayev () (born July 14, 1932 in Moscow) is a retired Soviet football player and Soviet and Russian coach.
International career.
Isayev made his debut for USSR on August 21, 1955, in a friendly against West Germany. He played in the 1958 FIFA World Cup qualifiers but was not selected for the final tournament squad.

</doc>
<doc id="18961783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961783" title="Taimuraz Tigiyev">
Taimuraz Tigiyev

Taimuraz Tigiyev (born 15 January 1982) is a Kazakhstani wrestler from Moscow of Ossetian origin, who won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he lost in the second round to Abdusalam Gadisov.

</doc>
<doc id="18961784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961784" title="Urbanor">
Urbanor

Name of the society who constructed the famous towers KIO of the Plaza de Castilla, in Madrid, and considered yet, 20 years later, as one of the major economic scandals of the 80s in Spain. 
The “Case Urbanor " turned into an extraordinary judicial case since the plaintiffs (the architect Pedro Sentieri and the builder Julio San Martín) obtained multimillionaire benefits when their investments multiplied by more than 27 times their value, in only nine months, as the portal published. [http://www.e-defensor.com/seccions/grandes_escandalos/escandalos_completa.asp?Titular=CASO+URBANOR
In the opposite side, the defendants (Alberto Cortina and Alberto Alcocer, known popularly as " The Albertos "), had to pay 50 million Euros according to judicial judgment. A case that turned them protagonists of an intense press debate during more than 10 years, up to being finally absolved - first for the Constitutional Court in February, 2008 and then for the Supreme Court in June of the same year, since before had done the Provincial Hearing of Madrid-. The mentioned absolution granted them also the right to claim to their ex-associates the indemnification millionaire that they had paid. Question that supports alive the polemic of the Case Urbanor because Pedro Sentieri and Julio San Martín continue appealing the case.

</doc>
<doc id="18961786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961786" title="Succour (album)">
Succour (album)

Succour is the second studio album by British experimental rock/electronic band Seefeel. Released in 1995 on Warp Records, the album is much more rooted in experimental electronic music than their previous album "Quique". "Succour" was released on CD, cassette, and a double-vinyl LP. The final track on the album also contains a hidden track beginning at 5:08 titled "Tempean", the title of which is esoterically located on the inside of the front cover.
A video for the track "Fracture" is available on the Warp Records DVD compilation "WarpVision" (2004).

</doc>
<doc id="18961791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961791" title="Shirvani Muradov">
Shirvani Muradov

Shirvani Gadzikurbanovich Muradov () (born 20 June 1985 in Dagestan) is a Russian wrestler, who has won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Shirvani is Lak.

</doc>
<doc id="18961805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961805" title="Hand net">
Hand net

A hand net, also called a scoop net, is a net or mesh basket held open by a hoop. It may or may not be on the end of a handle. Hand nets have been used since antiquity and can be used for scooping fish near the surface of the water, such as muskellunge or northern pike. 
A hand net with a long handle is often called a dip net. There are popular contemporary dip net Sockeye Salmon fisheries in Chitina, Kenai River,and Kasilof River Alaska, typically lasting two to three weeks, and is regarded as a subsistence fishery for Alaska residents only. Dip nets can also be used to scoop crabs in shallow water. The basket is made of wire or nylon mesh, rather than cloth mesh, since crabs fight, bite, twist and turn when they are caught.
When a hand net is used by an angler to help land a fish it is called a landing net. 
Because hand netting is not destructive to fish, hand nets are often used for tag and release, or to capture aquarium fish.
History.
Hand nets have been widely used by traditional fishermen. Small fish are caught both in the shallow water of lagoons and in the open sea. They are made in different sizes ranging from small nets held in one hand to large scoop nets worked by several men. Historically, the Karuk people of the upper Klamath River harvested fish with dip nets.
In England, hand netting is the only legal way of catching eels and has been practised for thousands of years on the River Parrett and River Severn.

</doc>
<doc id="18961820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961820" title="Tualatin Station">
Tualatin Station

Tualatin Station is a train station along the Westside Express Service (WES) commuter rail line in Tualatin, Oregon, United States. The station is the second of five stops northbound of the line that connects to the city of Beaverton to the north and to Wilsonville in the south. Opened in January 2009 with regular service beginning in February, the station includes a 130 car park and ride lot and is served by one TriMet bus line.
History.
Planning for a commuter rail line between Beaverton and Wilsonville in Washington County began as early as 1996. In 2001, the Federal Transit Administration authorized the project, and in 2004 they approved the project. Plans for the location of a station in Tualatin were finalized as early as 2001 when a location along Boones Ferry Road was selected in the city’s transportation plan. Construction on the rail line began in October 2006.
In 2006, the Haggen Food & Pharmacy store adjacent to the station began an effort to change the location of the rail stop. They contended the station did not have enough parking, original plans for the station included 111 parking spaces, and increased traffic would further increase congestion. Haggen’s arguments led to a delay in construction of the station, which was scheduled to begin in July 2007. The city and TriMet countered that the location had been selected in 2001 and re-affirmed in 2005 without objection by Haggen, with TriMet later threatening to forgo having a station in the city.
In August 2007, the two sides compromised with the station location remaining as planned, but with increased parking. On January 9, 2008, construction on the station began with a groundbreaking ceremony that included local dignitaries such as the head of TriMet, Tualatin mayor Lou Ogden, and county commissioner Tom Brian. The public artwork was installed on September 3, 2008. The line and station opened in January 2009.
Details.
The Westside Express Service connects to the Beaverton Transit Center where passengers can connect to MAX Light Rail. The station in Tualatin is one of five on the rail line that utilizes Portland and Western Railroad’s freight rail line. Located in downtown Tualatin on southwest Boones Ferry Road at Nyberg Road, the station and line only transports rail passengers during the morning and evening commute times from Monday through Friday. The station connects to TriMet's existing number 76-Beaverton/Tualation bus line.
Tualatin Station has 130 park and ride spaces on site with 24 additional spots in a neighboring connected parking lot for a total of 154 parking spaces. Bicycle amenities include 24 covered bike rack spots and six bike lockers. Design elements of the station's covered passenger area include enhancements over TriMet's standard design including a clock tower and red brick columns designed to fit in with existing architectural styles in the neighborhood. The platform measure in length and wide. Covering about , the platform sits four feet above ground level. The Tualatin Development Commission contributed $491,000 for construction to pay for the enhancements.
Public art at the station consists of an interactive sculpture created by Frank Boyden and Brad Rude. The sculpture features bronze heads and a vehicle designed to represent the train and the variety of people who ride the line. The vehicle moves along a track and has an animal figure displayed in a scene atop the piece. Additionally, glass in the windbreak is etched with a willow pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="18961825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961825" title="Fleet Reserve Association">
Fleet Reserve Association

The Fleet Reserve Association (FRA) is a non-profit organization chartered by the United States Congress that represents the interests of enlisted Navy, Coast Guard, and Marine veterans and active duty personnel in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18961827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961827" title="500A">
500A

500A may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18961844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961844" title="Marid Mutalimov">
Marid Mutalimov

Marid Mutalimov (born 22 February 1980 in Makhachkala, Dagestan) is a Kazakhstan wrestler, who has won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18961857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961857" title="Penymynydd">
Penymynydd

Penymynydd is a small village in Flintshire, Wales, merging with the larger neighbouring village of Penyffordd. The name Penymynydd is Welsh, meaning "top" or "end of the mountain".
The village consists of a number of modern housing estates (Well House Drive, Coed Terfyn, Coed Y Graig), and also housing on Penymynydd Road (most of which is in Penyffordd). Penymynydd has one church: St John The Baptist's Church. A second church formerly existed in the village and has since been redeveloped. St John The Baptist's Primary School is church aided and takes children between the ages of 3 and 11.

</doc>
<doc id="18961861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961861" title="2001 Heineken Open – Singles">
2001 Heineken Open – Singles

Magnus Norman was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Dominik Hrbatý won in the final 6–4, 2–6, 6–3 against Francisco Clavet.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18961872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961872" title="Viktor Kanevskyi">
Viktor Kanevskyi

Viktor Izrailyovych Kanevskyi (, ; born 3 October 1936 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a retired Ukrainian and Soviet football player and coach. He is Jewish.[http://www.yivoencyclopedia.org/article.aspx/Sport/Jews_in_Sport_in_the_USSR] He emigrated to the United States in 1988 and, as of 2008, lived in Brooklyn.
International career.
Kanevskyi made his debut for the USSR on 30 August 1958 in a friendly against Czechoslovakia. He participated in the 1962 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18961880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961880" title="Victor Kanevsky">
Victor Kanevsky

Victor Kanevsky may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18961890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961890" title="Frank J. Marshall (engineer)">
Frank J. Marshall (engineer)

Frank J. Marshall is a private investor and a member of the Silicon Valley Advisory Council. He holds a B.S. in EE from Carnegie Mellon. He has been written about or mentioned in various executive profiles, news stories, and IEEE papers.

</doc>
<doc id="18961894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961894" title="English Journey">
English Journey

English Journey is a work of non-fiction by J.B. Priestley published in 1934.
Commissioned by publisher Victor Gollancz to write a study of contemporary England, Priestley recounts his travels around England in 1933. He shares his observations on the social problems he witnesses, and appeals for democratic socialist change. "English Journey" was an influential work, inspiring George Orwell's "The Road to Wigan Pier", and "has even been credited with winning the 1945 election for the Labour Party".
In a 1983 book of the same title, Beryl Bainbridge retraces Priestley's steps to capture the changes that half a century has brought to their shared native land.

</doc>
<doc id="18961922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961922" title="Martina Zubčić">
Martina Zubčić

Martina Zubčić (born June 3, 1989 in Zagreb) is a Croatian taekwondo athlete, who competed in the Women's 57 kg class at the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, China and won the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18961926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961926" title="2009 V8 Supercar season">
2009 V8 Supercar season

The 2009 V8 Supercar season is the thirteenth series in which V8Supercars contested the senior Australian touring car series. It is the 50th year of touring car racing in Australia since the first runnings of the Australian Touring Car Championship, known today as the V8 Supercar Championship Series, and the fore-runner of the present day Bathurst 1000, the Armstrong 500.
The season began on 21 March at the Clipsal 500 on the streets of Adelaide and will finish on 6 December at the Homebush Street Circuit. 2009 features the eleventh V8 Supercar Championship Series, consisting of 14 rounds covering all states and the Northern Territory of Australia as well as an event in New Zealand and a non-championship event supporting the 2009 Australian Grand Prix. It also features the tenth second tier Development Series, this year referred to as the Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series, all seven rounds were held as a support category for the V8 Supercar Championship Series. For the second year a third tier series was run, known as the Shannons V8 Touring Car National Series. Its five rounds will be held at rounds of the Shannons Nationals Motor Racing Championships.
Review.
The season in the primary series was dominated by the season long rivalry between the leading Ford team, Triple Eight Race Engineering and its drivers Jamie Whincup and Craig Lowndes and the leading Holden team, the Holden Racing Team and its drivers, Will Davison and Garth Tander. Between them they won 22 of the seasons 26 point scoring races. HRT won the most of the seasons prizes, winning the teams prize, leading the charge to Holden regaining the manufacturers prize, the drivers combining to win the Bathurst 1000 and the Phillip Island 500, but Triple Eight won the biggest prize with Jamie Whincup retaining the drivers' championship. Whincup personally won half of the 22 races the two team won together, the backbone of his title retention with his season beginning Adelaide 500 as his centrepiece and Lowndes chipped in by dominating Winton and winning the non-championship event held on the Australian Grand Prix support program. Lowndes was fourth in the championship behind Tander, but Davison was the revelation of the season, stepping up to HRT after a strong season with Dick Johnson Racing in 2008, Davison pushed Whincup almost all the way to the title until Davison faded over the final two events at Barbagallo and the new Sydney 500.
Best of the rest was an arm wrestle between two Ford teams. Mark Winterbottom won at Surfers Paradise and finished fifth in the drivers championship for Ford Performance Racing while at Dick Johnson Racing, Steven Johnson finished sixth and his team mate James Courtney took two street circuit victories at the Townsville 400 and Sydney 500. The only upset win was Michael Caruso's debut win at Hidden Valley Raceway. Caruso's win for Garry Rogers Motorsport was also the only Holden race win not scored by the Holden Racing Team as the three top Ford team shared honours.
Ford also had success in the second tier series with MW Motorsport driver Jonathon Webb charging to the series crown, utterly dominant in the second half of the series as Ford drivers swamped the top seven positions in the development series. James Moffat was series runner up from David Russell with TV personality racer Grant Denyer putting his best ever season to finish a strong fourth position. The emerging third tier series was won strongly by Adam Wallis in his self-run Holden Commodore.
References.
Linked articles contain additional references.

</doc>
<doc id="18961932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961932" title="Combustion Resources">
Combustion Resources

Combustion Resources, Inc. is a consulting company based in Provo, Utah, United States. It provides consulting services in the fields of fuel and combustion, such as testing of flow and mixing systems, reactor design, gas and particle sampling, gasification modeling, and shale oil extraction design and testing. The company was incorporated in 1995 as a spin-off from the Center for Advanced Combustion Engineering Research, joint collaboration between Brigham Young University and the University of Utah.
Shale oil extraction.
Combustion Resources is working under a grant from the US Department of Energy to research and optimize current designs of shale oil extraction. It seeks to eliminate carbon dioxide emissions from the shale oil production process. Pyrolysis occurs in a rotating kiln heated by hot gas flowing through an outer annulus. The hot gas is created by burning hydrogen generated in a separate unit by coal gasification followed by carbon dioxide separation. The geometry of the annulus enables the transfer of heat to the moving shale through a wall.
Clean coke processing.
Combustion Resources has developed an alternative coke making process. As part of this process, waste coals and other materials are blended and then bound together and briquetted. The green coke briquettes are then calcined in a furnace yielding metallurgical quality coke. 

</doc>
<doc id="18961934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961934" title="Bakhtiyar Akhmedov">
Bakhtiyar Akhmedov

Bakhtiyar Akhmedov (born 5 August 1987 in Buynaksk ) is a wrestler of Kumykian origin, representing the Russian Federation, and who has won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18961951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961951" title="Regencies in Egypt">
Regencies in Egypt

Regencies in Egypt date back to Pharaonic times. Throughout Egypt's long history, there have been several instances of regents assuming power due to the reigning monarch's minority, physical illness or poor mental health. There have also been several cases of coregencies where two monarchs ruled simultaneously.
Ancient Egypt.
Regencies were very frequent during the Pharaonic era. The most famous Ancient Egyptian regent is probably Hatshepsut, who initially served as regent for her young stepson Thutmose III before taking the throne herself and reigning for more than twenty years. Nefertiti is also thought to have acted as regent at some point, although this has never been fully confirmed. Coregencies were also very common, and aging monarchs often appointed their sons and heirs as coregents towards the end of their reigns.
Medieval Egypt.
During the Middle Ages, Egypt was ruled by a succession of Islamic dynasties, and regencies were not uncommon. A famous example of a female regent is that of the Fatimid Sitt al-Mulk, who became regent for her nephew Ali az-Zahir in 1021.
Modern Egypt.
The Muhammad Ali Dynasty, which ruled Egypt from 1805 until 1953, witnessed three different regencies.
Regency during Muhammad Ali's illness.
Ibrahim Pasha presided the Regency Council that was formed on 15 April 1848 to run Egypt due to Muhammad Ali Pasha's declining physical and mental health. Legal documents were still written in the latter's name; however, Ibrahim Pasha became the "de facto" ruler of the country from this moment on. On 20 July of the same year, an extraordinary envoy of Ottoman Sultan Abdülmecid I arrived in Alexandria with the "firman" by which the Porte recognized Ibrahim Pasha as Egypt's new "wāli". The latter then travelled to Istanbul, where his investiture took place on 25 August in the presence of the Ottoman Sultan. However, his reign was very brief, and his death occurred shortly after his return to Cairo. He died on 10 November 1848 due to ill health, thus predeceasing his father.
Regency during Farouk I's minority.
A Regency Council was established following the death of King Fuad I, since his son Farouk was still a minor. Prior to his death, Fuad I had named in a formal document the three members who were to serve on the Regency Council: Adli Yakan Pasha (a former Prime Minister who had already died by the time Farouk I became King), Tawfiq Nasim Pasha (another former Prime Minister) and Mahmoud Fakhri Pasha (a former Foreign Minister married to Fuad I's eldest daughter Princess Fawkia). However, Parliament rejected King Fuad I's choices, and appointed three totally different regents: Prince Muhammad Ali (son of the late Khedive Tawfiq Pasha and thus first cousin of King Farouk I), Aziz Ezzat Pasha (a former Foreign Minister married to Behiye Yakan Hanem, another cousin of Farouk I) and Sherif Sabri Pasha (Farouk I's maternal uncle). The Regency Council was formally sworn in on 8 May 1936 in front of a joint session of Parliament. King Farouk I assumed his full constitutional powers upon reaching his age of majority (fixed at 18 years and calculated according to the Islamic calendar) on 29 July 1937.
Regency during Fuad II's minority.
The Revolution of July 1952 did not immediately lead to the abolition of the monarchy. King Farouk I abdicated in favour of his six-month-old son Ahmad Fuad, who ascended the throne as King Fuad II. However, the latter only reigned as a nominal king-in-exile. Initially, his powers were assumed during a week by the Cabinet, headed at the time by Ali Maher Pasha. On 2 August 1952, a temporary regency "body" (not a formal Regency Council) was created. Headed by Prince Muhammad Abdel Moneim (son of the late Khedive Abbas Helmi II and Fuad II's second cousin), the three-member Regency Body also included Bahey El Din Barakat Pasha (a former Minister of Education and Speaker of Parliament) and Rashad Mehanna (a colonel appointed as representative of the Army). The Regency Body was dissolved on 7 September 1952, and Prince Muhammad Abdel Moneim was appointed as sole Prince regent. However, throughout this period, real powers lay in the hands of the Revolutionary Command Council. The monarchy was formally abolished on 18 June 1953: Egypt was declared a republic for the first time in its history, and Muhammad Naguib became its first ever President.

</doc>
<doc id="18961953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961953" title="Ichitsubo Station">
Ichitsubo Station

Layout.
from the opposite side of Botchan Stadium
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="18961954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961954" title="Marcellus Gilmore Edson">
Marcellus Gilmore Edson

Marcellus Gilmore Edson (February 7, 1849 - March 6, 1940) of Montreal, Quebec was the first person to patent peanut butter, in 1884. Peanut flour already existed. His cooled product had "a consistency like that of butter, lard, or ointment" according to his patent application. He included the mixing of sugar into the paste so as to harden its consistency.
Edson, a chemist (pharmacist), developed the idea of peanut paste as a delicious and nutritious foodstuff for people who could hardly chew on solid food, a not uncommon state back in those days. Peanut paste was initially sold for six cents per pound.
Biography.
He was born in Bedford, Quebec in 1849.
He was issued with United States patent #306727 in 1884. The patent describes a process of milling roasted peanuts until the peanuts reached "a fluid or semi-fluid state."

</doc>
<doc id="18961962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961962" title="Crosby, Stills, Nash &amp; Young discography">
Crosby, Stills, Nash &amp; Young discography

The core discography of American/British/Canadian supergroup Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young consists of eight studio albums, three live albums, five compilation albums, four video albums, and nineteen singles.
Originally formed in 1968, the group released one album as the trio Crosby, Stills & Nash before recruiting Neil Young into the band for their first concerts in 1969. Of the band's eight studio albums, three have also included Young; and of the group's numerous tours, the quartet configuration has made concert tours in 1970, 1974, 2000, 2002, and 2006.
The group's second album, "Déjà Vu", remains the group's most successful album, selling more than seven million copies. All of the group members were songwriters with some of their biggest hits—"", "Teach Your Children", and "Ohio"—being written by Stephen Stills, Graham Nash, and Young respectively. The group has also recorded songs by other writers, such as the hit single "Woodstock" written by Joni Mitchell.

</doc>
<doc id="18961965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961965" title="Kita-Iyo Station">
Kita-Iyo Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="18961973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961973" title="Abhijit Banerjee">
Abhijit Banerjee

Abhijit Vinayak Banerjee (born 1961) is an Indian economist. He is currently the Ford Foundation International Professor of Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Banerjee is a co-founder of the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab (along with economists Esther Duflo and Sendhil Mullainathan) and a Research Affiliate of Innovations for Poverty Action, and a Member of the Consortium on Financial Systems and Poverty. Banerjee is a past president of the Bureau for the Research in the Economic Analysis of Development, a Research Associate of the National Bureau of Economic Research, a Research Fellow at the Centre for Economic Policy Research, International Research Fellow of the Kiel Institute, Fellow at the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and a Fellow at the Econometric Society. He has also been a Guggenheim Fellow and an Alfred P. Sloan Fellow. Together with Esther Duflo, he is the co-author of Poor Economics.
Early life.
Abhijit Banerjee was born in Kolkata, India to Dipak Banerjee, Professor and Head of Department of Economics, Presidency College, Calcutta and Nirmala Banerjee, Professor of Economics, Centre for Studies in Social Sciences, Calcutta.
He attended South Point School and Presidency College, Calcutta, where he completed his B.Sc degree in Economics in 1981. Later, he completed his M.A. in Economics at the Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi in 1983. Later he went on to obtain a Ph.D. in Economics at Harvard University in 1988. The subject of his doctoral thesis is "Essays in Information Economics".
Career.
Abhijit Banerjee is currently the Ford Foundation International Professor of Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Prior to joining MIT, he taught at Harvard and Princeton.
His work focuses on development economics. Together with Esther Duflo, Michael Kremer, John List and Sendhil Mullainathan, he has proposed field experiments as an important methodology to discover causal relationships in economics.
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2004. He was also honored with the Infosys Prize 2009 in the Social Sciences category of Economics. He is also the recipient of the inaugural Infosys Prize in the category of Social Sciences (Economics).
In 2013, he was named by UN Secretary General, Ban Ki-Moon, to a panel of experts tasked with updating the Millennium Development Goals after 2015 (their expiration date).
Publications.
Papers, other publications and unpublished works.
Since 2010.
June 2010
Abhijit Banerjee, Esther Duflo, Rachel Glennerster and Cynthia Kinnan
May 2010
Abhijit Banerjee, Vivi Alatas, Rema Hanna, Benjamin Olken and Julia Tobias
April 2010
Abhijit Banerjee and Sendhil Mullainathan
March 2010
Abhijit Banerjee and Esther Duflo
2000 to 2009.
November 2009
Abhijit Banerjee and Esther Duflo
2009
Abhijit Banerjee, Esther Duflo, Maitreesh Ghatak and Jeanne Lafortune
Abhijit Banerjee, Esther Duflo, Rachel Glennerster and Cynthia Kinnan
May 2009
Abhijit Banerjee and Rohini Pande
2009
Abhijit Banerjee, Rema Hanna and Sendhil Mullainathan
February 2009
Abhijit Banerjee and Benjamin Moll
February 2009
A. Banerjee
2008, M. Kinsley, Creative Capitalism: A Conversation with Bill Gates and Warren Buffett and Other Economic Leaders, pp. 161–165.
September 2008
Abhijit Banerjee
Abhijit Banerjee
September 2008
Abhijit Banerjee and Esther Duflo
September 2008
Abhijit Banerjee, Rukmini Banerji, Esther Duflo, Rachel Glennerster, Stuti Khemani
August 2008
Abhijit Banerjee and Esther Duflo
June 2008
Abhijit Banerjee, Sebastian Galiani, Jim Levinsohn, Zoe McLaren and Ingrid Woolard
June 2008
Abhijit Banerjee and Ruimin He
May 2008
Abhijit Banerjee and Esther Duflo
May 2008
May 2010
Abhijit Banerjee, Esther Duflo, Rachel Glennerster and Dhruva Kothari
Abhijit Banerjee and Sendhil Mullainthan
January 2008
Abhijit Banerjee and Esther Duflo
December 2007
Abhijit Banerjee and Esther Duflo
December 2007
A. Banerjee, L. Iyer and R. Somanathan
September 2006, Handbook of Development Economics, Vo. 4
A. Banerjee and E. Duflo
April 2006, Journal of Economic Perspectives, Vo. 21(1), pp. 141–167
with Esther Duflo
April 2006, India Policy Forum, Vo. 2
A. Banerjee
July 2006, Journal of Monetary Economics, Vo. 53(5), pp. 1021–1026
A. Banerjee and R. Somanathan
April 2006
A. Banerjee and E. Duflo
December 2005, Published: Handbook of Development Economics, Vol. 1a. Amsterdam: Elsevier, pp. 473–552
A. Banerjee, S. Cole, E. Duflo and L. Linden
December 2005, NBER Working paper 11904
Addressing Absence
A. Banerjee and E. Duflo
May 2005, Published: Journal of Economic Perspectives, Vo. 20 (1), pp. 117–132
A. Banerjee, S. Cole and E. Duflo
2005, India’s and China’s Recent Experience with Reform and Growth, Wanda Tseng and David Cowen, eds.
A. Banerjee, S. Cole and E. Duflo
2005, India’s and China’s Recent Experience with Reform and Growth, Wanda Tseng and David Cowen, eds.
A. Banerjee
December 2004
A. Banerjee
October 2004, Marjit, S. and N. Banerjee (Eds.) Development, Displacement and Disparity: India in the Last Quarter of the Century, pp. 139–159
A. Banerjee, L. Iyer and R. Somanathan
2004
A. Banerjee and L. Iyer
October 2004
A. Banerjee and E. Duflo
September 2004
A. Banerjee and E. Duflo
August 2004
A. Banerjee, S. Cole and E. Duflo
June 2004
A. Banerjee, S. Cole and E. Duflo
October 2003
A. Banerjee and T. Piketty
June 2003
A. Banerjee, P. Bardhan, K. Basu, M. Ghatak and et al.
October 2002, Economic and Political Weekly of India, Oct. 12, 2002
A. Banerjee
May 2002
A Corporate Balance-Sheet Approach to Currency Crises
P. Aghion, P. Bacchetta and A. Banerjee
November 2001
A. Banerjee and R. Somanathan
September 2001
Before 2000.
A. Banerjee
Unpublished Mimeo, May 1989
A. Banerjee and L. Summers
Harvard University Discussion Paper, 1337, September, 1987

</doc>
<doc id="18961975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961975" title="Sultanate of Egypt">
Sultanate of Egypt

The Sultanate of Egypt () is the name of the short-lived protectorate that the United Kingdom imposed over Egypt between 1914 and 1922.
History.
Opposition to European interference in Egypt's affairs resulted in the emergence of a nationalist movement that coalesced and spread after the British military intervention and occupation of 1882. The immediate causes of what is known to Egyptians as the 1919 Revolution, however, were British actions during the war that caused widespread hardship and resentment. Specifically, these included Britain's purchase of cotton and requisitioning of fodder at below market prices, Britain's forcible recruitment of about 500,000 peasants into the Egyptian Labour Corps and the Egyptian Camel Transport Corps in the Egyptian Expeditionary Force, and its use of the country as a base and a garrison populated by British, Australian, and other troops. After the war, Egypt felt the adverse effects of soaring prices and unemployment.
When the war ended, the nationalists began to press the British again for independence. In addition to their other reasons, the Egyptians were influenced by American president Woodrow Wilson, who was advocating self-determination for all nations. In September 1918, Egypt made the first moves toward the formation of a wafd, or delegation, to voice its demands for independence at the Paris Peace Conference. The idea for a wafd had originated among prominent members of the Umma Party, including Lutfi as Sayyid, Saad Zaghlul, Muhammad Mahmud Pasha, Ali Sharawi, and Abd al Aziz Fahmi.
On November 13, 1918, thereafter celebrated in Egypt as Yawm al Jihad (Day of Struggle), Zaghlul, Fahmi, and Sharawi were granted an audience with General Sir Reginald Wingate ('Wingate Pasha'), the British High Commissioner. They demanded complete independence with the proviso that Britain be allowed to supervise the Suez Canal and the public debt. They also asked permission to go to London to put their case before the British Government. On the same day, the Egyptians formed a delegation for this purpose, Al Wafd al Misri (known as the Wafd), headed by Saad Zaghlul. The British refused to allow the Wafd to proceed to London. 
On March 8, Zaghlul and three other members of the Wafd were arrested and thrown into Qasr an Nil prison. The next day, they were deported to Malta, an action that sparked the popular uprising of March/April 1919 in which Egyptians of all social classes participated. There were violent clashes in Cairo and the provincial cities of Lower Egypt, especially Tanta, and the uprising spread to the south, culminating in violent confrontations in Asyut Province in Upper Egypt.
The deportation of the Wafdists also triggered student demonstrations and escalated into massive strikes by students, government officials, professionals, women, and transport workers. Within a week, all of Egypt was paralyzed by general strikes and rioting. Railway and telegraph lines were cut, taxi drivers refused to work, lawyers failed to appear for court cases, and demonstrators marched through the streets shouting pro-Wafdist slogans and demanding independence. Violence resulted, with many Egyptians and Europeans being killed or injured when the British attempted to crush the demonstrations with force.
On March 16, between 150 and 300 upper-class Egyptian women in veils staged a demonstration against the British occupation, an event that marked the entrance of Egyptian women into public life. The women were led by Safia Zaghlul, wife of Wafd leader Saad Zaghlul; Huda Sharawi, wife of one of the original members of the Wafd and organizer of the Egyptian Feminist Union; and Muna Fahmi Wissa. Women of the lower classes demonstrated in the streets alongside the men. In the countryside, women engaged in activities like cutting rail lines.
The upper-class women participating in politics for the first time assumed key roles in the movement when the male leaders were exiled or detained. They organized strikes, demonstrations, and boycotts of British goods and wrote petitions, which they circulated to foreign embassies protesting British actions in Egypt.
The women's march of March 16 preceded by one day the largest demonstration of the 1919 Revolution. More than 10,000 teachers, students, workers, lawyers, and government employees started marching at Al Azhar and wound their way to Abdin Palace where they were joined by thousands more, who ignored British roadblocks and bans. Soon, similar demonstrations broke out in Alexandria, Tanta, Damanhur, Al Mansurah, and Al Fayyum. By the summer of 1919, more than 800 Egyptians had been killed, as well as 31 Europeans and 29 British soldiers.
General Wingate, the British High Commissioner, understood the strength of the nationalist forces and the threat the Wafd represented to British dominance and had tried to persuade the British Government to allow the Wafd to travel to Paris. However, the British Government remained hostile to Zaghlul and the nationalists and adamant in rejecting Egyptian demands for independence. General Wingate was recalled to London for talks on the Egyptian situation, while Sir Milne Cheetham was appointed Acting High Commissioner in January 1919.
Egyptian Revolution of 1919.
When the 1919 Revolution began, Cheetham soon realized that he was powerless to stop the demonstrations and admitted that matters were completely out of his control. Nevertheless, the government in London ordered him not to give in to the Wafd and to restore order, a task that he was unable to accomplish.
London decided to replace Wingate with a strong military figure, Field Marshal Sir Edmund Allenby (later created 1st Viscount Allenby in October of that year), one of the greatest British heroes of World War I. He was named special high commissioner and arrived in Egypt on March 25. The next day, he met with a group of Egyptian nationalists and ulama. After persuading Field Marshal Allenby to release the Wafd leaders and to permit them to travel to Paris, the Egyptian group agreed to sign a statement urging the people to stop demonstrating. Allenby, who was convinced that this was the only way to stop the revolt, then had to persuade the British government to agree. On April 7, Zaghlul and his colleagues were released and set out for Paris.
In May 1919, Lord Milner was appointed to head a mission to investigate how Egypt could be granted "self-governing institutions" while maintaining the protectorate and safeguarding British interests. The mission arrived in Egypt in December 1919 but was boycotted by the nationalists, who opposed the continuation of the protectorate. The arrival of the Milner Mission was followed by strikes in which students, lawyers, professionals, and workers participated. Merchants closed their shops, and organizers distributed leaflets urging the Egyptians not to cooperate with the mission.
Milner realized that a direct approach to Zaghlul was necessary, and in the summer of 1920 private talks between the two men took place in London. As a result of the so-called Milner-Zaghlul Agreement, the British Government announced in February 1921 that it would accept the abolition of the protectorate as the basis for negotiation of a treaty with Egypt.
On April 4, 1921, Zaghlul's return to Egypt was met by an unprecedented welcome, showing that the vast majority of Egyptians supported him. Allenby, however, was determined to break Zaghlul's political power and to build up a pro-British group to whom Britain could safely commit Egyptian independence. On December 23, Zaghlul was deported to the Seychelles via Aden. His deportation was followed by demonstrations, violent clashes with the police, and strikes by students and government employees that affected Cairo, Alexandria, Port Said, Suez, and provincial towns like Tanta, Zifta, Az Zaqaziq, and Jirja.
Egyptian Independence (1922).
On February 28, 1922, Britain unilaterally declared Egyptian independence without any negotiations with Egypt. Four matters were "absolutely reserved to the discretion" of the British Government until agreements concerning them could be negotiated: the security of communications of the British Empire in Egypt; the defense of Egypt against all foreign aggressors or interference, direct or indirect; the protection of foreign interests in Egypt and the protection of minorities; and Sudan. 
Sultan Ahmad Fuad became King Fuad I, and his son, Faruk, was named as his heir. Field Marshal Lord Allenby remained on, until 1925, as British High Commissioner. On April 19, a new constitution was approved. Also that month, an electoral law was issued that ushered in a new phase in Egypt's political development—parliamentary elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18961987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961987" title="Khedivate of Egypt">
Khedivate of Egypt

The Khedivate of Egypt (, ; "Hıdiviyet-i Mısır") was an autonomous tributary state of the Ottoman Empire, established and ruled by the Muhammad Ali Dynasty following the defeat and expulsion of Napoleon Bonaparte's forces which brought an end to the short-lived French occupation of Lower Egypt.
History (1798–1867).
Rise of Muhammad Ali.
Upon the conquest of the Sultanate of Egypt by the Ottoman Empire in 1517, the country was governed as an Ottoman eyalet (province). The Porte was content to permit local rule to remain in the hands of the Mamluks, the Egyptian military caste of Circassian, and Turkic origin who had held power in Egypt since the 13th century. Save for military expeditions to crush Mamluk Egyptian uprisings seeking to re-establish 
the independent Egyptian sultanate, the Ottomans largely ignored Egyptian affairs until the France invasion of Egypt in 1798.
Between 1799 and 1801, the Ottoman Porte (government), working at times with France's main enemy, the United Kingdom, undertook various campaigns to restore Ottoman rule in Egypt. By August, 1801, the remaining French forces of General Jacques-François Menou withdrew from Egypt.
The period between 1801 and 1805 was, effectively, a three way civil war in Egypt between the Egyptian Mamluks, the Ottoman Turks, and troops the Ottoman Porte dispatched from Rumelia (the Empire's European province), under the command of Muhammad Ali Pasha, to restore the Empire's authority.
Following the defeat of the French, the Porte assigned Husrev Pasha as the new Wāli (governor) of Egypt, tasking him to kill or imprison the surviving Egyptian Mamluk beys. Many of these were freed by or fled with the British, while others held Minia between Upper and Lower Egypt.
Amid these disturbances, Husrev Pasha attempted to disband his Albanian bashi-bazouks (soldiers) without pay. This led to rioting that drove Husrev Pasha from Cairo. During the ensuing turmoil, the Porte sent Muhammad Ali Pasha to Egypt.
However, Muhammad Ali seized control of Egypt, declaring himself ruler of Egypt and quickly consolidating an independent local powerbase. After repeated failed attempts to remove and kill him, in 1805, the Porte officially recognised Muhammad Ali as Wāli of Egypt. Demonstrating his grander ambitions, Muhammad Ali Pasha claimed for himself the higher title of Khedive (Viceroy), ruling the self-proclaimed (but not recognised) Khedivate of Egypt. He murdered the remaining Mamluk beys in 1811, solidifying his own control of Egypt. He is regarded as the founder of modern Egypt because of the dramatic reforms he instituted in the military, agricultural, economic and cultural spheres.
Reforms.
During Muhammad Ali's absence in Arabia his representative at Cairo had completed the confiscation, begun in 1808, of almost all the lands belonging to private individuals, who were forced to accept instead inadequate pensions. By this revolutionary method of land nationalization Muhammad Ali became proprietor of nearly all the soil of Egypt, an iniquitous measure against which the Egyptians had no remedy.
The pasha also attempted to reorganize his troops on European lines, but this led to a formidable mutiny in Cairo. Muhammad Ali's life was endangered, and he sought refuge by night in the citadel, while the soldiery committed many acts of plunder. The revolt was reduced by presents to the chiefs of the insurgents, and Muhammad Ali ordered that the sufferers by the disturbances should receive compensation from the treasury. The project of the Nizam Gedid (New System) was, in consequence of this mutiny, abandoned for a time.
While Ibrahim was engaged in the second Arabian campaign the pasha turned his attention to strengthening the Egyptian economy. He created state monopolies over the chief products of the country. He set up a number of factories and began digging in 1819 a new canal to Alexandria, called the Mahmudiya (after the reigning sultan of Turkey). The old canal had long fallen into decay, and the necessity of a safe channel between Alexandria and the Nile was much felt. The conclusion in 1838 of a commercial treaty with Turkey, negotiated by Sir Henry Bulwer (Lord Darling), struck a deathblow to the system of monopolies, though the application of the treaty to Egypt was delayed for some years.
Another notable fact in the economic progress of the country was the development of the cultivation of cotton in the Delta in 1822 and onwards. The cotton grown had been brought from the Sudan by Maho Bey, and the organization of the new industry from which in a few years Muhammad Ali was enabled to extract considerable revenues.
Efforts were made to promote education and the study of medicine. To European merchants, on whom he was dependent for the sale of his exports, Muhammad Ali showed much favor, and under his influence the port of Alexandria again rose into importance. It was also under Muhammad Ali's encouragement that the overland transit of goods from Europe to India via Egypt was resumed.
Invasion of Libya and Sudan.
In 1820 Muhammad Ali gave orders to commence the conquest of eastern Libya. He first sent an expedition westward (Feb. 1820) which conquered and annexed the Siwa oasis. Ali's intentions for Sudan was to extend his rule southward, to capture the valuable caravan trade bound for the Red Sea, and to secure the rich gold mines which he believed to exist in Sennar. He also saw in the campaign a means of getting rid of his disaffected troops, and of obtaining a sufficient number of captives to form the nucleus of the new army.
The forces destined for this service were led by Ismail, the youngest son of Muhammad Ali. They consisted of between 4000 and 5000 men, being Turks and Arabs. They left Cairo in July 1820. Nubia at once submitted, the Shagia Arabs immediately beyond the province of Dongola were defeated, the remnant of the Mamluks dispersed, and Sennar was reduced without a battle.
Mahommed Bey, the defterdar, with another force of about the same strength, was then sent by Muhammad Ali against Kordofan with like result, but not without a hard-fought engagement. In October 1822, Ismail, with his retinue, was burnt to death by Nimr, the mek (king) of Shendi; and the defterdar, a man infamous for his cruelty, assumed the command of those provinces, and exacted terrible retribution from the inhabitants. Khartoum was founded at this time, and in the following years the rule of the Egyptians was greatly extended and control of the Red Sea ports of Suakin and Massawa obtained.
Greek campaign.
Muhammad Ali was fully conscious that the empire which he had so laboriously built up might at any time have to be defended by force of arms against his master Sultan Mahmud II, whose whole policy had been directed to curbing the power of his too ambitious vassals, and who was under the influence of the personal enemies of the pasha of Egypt, notably of Husrev Pasha, the grand vizier, who had never forgiven his humiliation in Egypt in 1803.
Mahmud also was already planning reforms borrowed from the West, and Muhammad Ali, who had had plenty of opportunity of observing the superiority of European methods of warfare, was determined to anticipate the sultan in the creation of a fleet and an army on European lines, partly as a measure of precaution, partly as an instrument for the realization of yet wider schemes of ambition. Before the outbreak of the War of Greek Independence in 1821, he had already expended much time and energy in organizing a fleet and in training, under the supervision of French instructors, native officers and artificers; though it was not till 1829 that the opening of a dockyard and arsenal at Alexandria enabled him to build and equip his own vessels. By 1823, moreover, he had succeeded in carrying out the reorganization of his army on European lines, the turbulent Turkish and Albanian elements being replaced by Sudanese and "fellahin". The effectiveness of the new force was demonstrated in the suppression of an 1823 revolt of the Albanians in Cairo by six disciplined Sudanese regiments; after which Mehemet Ali was no more troubled with military mutinies.
His foresight was rewarded by the invitation of the sultan to help him in the task of subduing the Greek insurgents, offering as reward the pashaliks of the Morea and of Syria. Mehemet Ali had already, in 1821, been appointed by him governor of Crete, which he had occupied with a small Egyptian force. In the autumn of 1824 a fleet of 60 Egyptian warships carrying a large force of 17,000 disciplined troops concentrated in Suda Bay, and, in the following March, with Ibrahin as commander-in-chief landed in the Morea.
His naval superiority wrested from the Greeks the command of a great deal of the sea, on which the fate of the insurrection ultimately depended, while on land the Greek irregular bands, having largely soundly beaten the Porte's troops, had finally met a worthy foe in Ibrahim's disciplined troops. The history of the events that led up to the battle of Navarino and the liberation of Greece is told elsewhere; the withdrawal of the Egyptians from the Morea was ultimately due to the action of Admiral Sir Edward Codrington, who early in August 1828 appeared before Alexandria and induced the pasha, by no means sorry to have a reasonable excuse, by a threat of bombardment, to sign a convention undertaking to recall Ibrahim and his army. But for the action of European powers, it is suspected by many that the Ottoman Empire might have defeated the Greeks.
Wars against the Turks.
Although Muhammad Ali had only been granted the title of wali, he proclaimed himself khedive, or hereditary viceroy, early on during his rule. The Ottoman government, although irritated, did nothing until Muhammad Ali invaded Ottoman-ruled Syria in 1831. The governorship of Syria had been promised him by the sultan, Mahmud II, for his assistance during the Greek War of Independence, but the title was not granted to him after the war. This caused the Ottomans, allied with the British, to counter-attack in 1839. 
In 1840, the British bombarded Beirut and an Anglo-Ottoman force landed and seized Acre. The Egyptian army was forced to retreat back home, and Syria again became an Ottoman province. As a result of the Convention of London (1840), Muhammad Ali gave up all conquered lands with the exception of the Sudan and was in turn granted the hereditary governorship of the Sudan.
Muhammad Ali's successors.
By 1848, Muhammad Ali was old and senile enough for his tuberculosis-ridden son, Ibrahim, to demand his accession to the governorship. The Ottoman sultan acceded to the demands, and Muhammad Ali was removed from power. However, Ibrahim died of his disease months later, outlived by his father, who died in 1849.
Ibrahim was succeeded by his nephew Abbas I, who undid many of Muhammad Ali's accomplishments. Abbas was assassinated by two of his slaves in 1854, and Muhammad Ali's fourth son, Sa'id, succeeded him. Sa'id brought back many of his father's policies but otherwise had an unremarkable reign.
Sa'id ruled for only nine years, and his nephew Isma'il, another grandson of Muhammad Ali, became wali. In 1867, the Ottoman sultan acknowledged Isma'il's use of the title khedive.
British occupation.
In 1882 opposition to European control led to growing tension amongst native notables, the most dangerous opposition coming from the army. A large military demonstration in September 1881 forced the Khedive Tewfiq to dismiss his Prime Minister. In April 1882 France and Great Britain sent warships to Alexandria to bolster the Khedive amidst a turbulent climate, spreading fear of invasion throughout the country.
By June Egypt was in the hands of nationalists opposed to European domination of the country. A British naval bombardment of Alexandria had little effect on the opposition which led to the landing of a British expeditionary force at both ends of the Suez Canal in August 1882. The British succeeded in defeating the Egyptian Army at Tel El Kebir in September and took control of the country putting Tewfiq back in control. The purpose of the invasion had been to restore political stability to Egypt under a government of the Khedive and international controls which were in place to streamline Egyptian financing since 1876. 
British occupation ended nominally with the deposition of the last "khedive" Abbas II on 5 November 1914 and the establishment of a British protectorate, with the installation of "sultan" Hussein Kamel on 19 December 1914.
Sanctioned khedival rule (1867–1914).
European influence.
By Isma'il's reign, the Egyptian government, headed by the minister Nubar Pasha, had become dependent on Britain and France for a healthy economy. Isma'il attempted to end this European dominance, while at the same time pursuing an aggressive domestic policy. Under Isma'il, 112 canals and 400 bridges were built in Egypt.
Because of his efforts to gain economic independence from the European powers, Isma'il became unpopular with many British and French diplomats, including Evelyn Baring and Alfred Milner, who claimed that he was "ruining Egypt."
In 1869, the completion of the Suez Canal gave Britain a faster route to India. This made Egypt increasingly reliant on Britain for both military and economic aid. Isma'il made no effort to reconcile with the European powers, who pressured the Ottoman sultan into removing him from power.
Tewfik and the loss of Sudan.
Isma'il was succeeded by his eldest son Tewfik, who, unlike his younger brothers, had not been educated in Europe. He pursued a policy of closer relations with Britain and France but his authority was undermined in a rebellion led by his war minister, Arabi Pasha, in 1882. Arabi took advantage of violent riots in Alexandria to seize control of the government and temporarily depose Tewfik.
British naval forces shelled and captured Alexandria, and an expeditionary force under General Sir Garnet Wolseley was formed in England. The British army landed in Egypt soon afterwards, and defeated Arabi's army in the Battle of Tel el-Kebir. Arabi was tried for treason and sentenced to death, but the sentence was commuted to exile. After the revolt, the Egyptian army was reorganized on a British model and commanded by British officers. 
Meanwhile, a religious rebellion had broken out in the Sudan, led by Muhammad Ahmed, who proclaimed himself the Mahdi. The Mahdist rebels had seized the regional capital of Kordofan and annihilated two British-led expeditions sent to quell it. The British soldier-adventurer Charles George Gordon, an ex-governor of the Sudan, was sent to the Sudanese capital, Khartoum, with orders to evacuate its minority of European and Egyptian inhabitants. Instead of evacuating the city, Gordon prepared for a siege and held out from 1884 to 1885. However, Khartoum eventually fell, and he was killed. 
The British Gordon Relief Expedition was delayed by several battles, and was thus unable to reach Khartoum and save Gordon. The fall of Khartoum resulted in the proclamation of an Islamic state, ruled over first by the Mahdi and then by his successor Khalifa Abdullahi.
Reconquest of the Sudan.
In 1896, during the reign of Tewfik's son, Abbas II, a massive Anglo-Egyptian force, under the command of General Herbert Kitchener, began the reconquest of the Sudan. The Mahdists were defeated in the battles of Abu Hamid and Atbara. The campaign was concluded with the Anglo-Egyptian victory of Omdurman, the Mahdist capital. 
The Khalifa was hunted down and killed in 1899, in the Battle of Umm Diwaykarat, and Anglo-Egyptian rule was restored to the Sudan.
End of the Khedivate.
Abbas II became very hostile to the British as his reign drew on, and, by 1911, was considered by Lord Kitchener to be a "wicked little Khedive" worthy of deposition. 
In 1914, when World War I broke out, the Ottoman Empire joined the Central Powers, which were at war with the Allied nations, including Britain. As Egypt was still a nominal vassal state of the Ottoman Empire, the British proclaimed a Sultanate of Egypt and abolished the Khedivate on 5 November 1914. Abbas II, who supported the Central Powers and was in Vienna for a state visit, was deposed from the Khedivate throne in his absence by the enforcement of the British military authorities in Cairo and was banned from returning to Egypt. He was succeeded by his uncle Hussein Kamel, who took the title of Sultan on 19 December 1914. Abbas II finally accepted the new order of things and formally abdicated on 12 May 1931, spending the rest of his life in Geneva, Switzerland, until his death on 19 December 1944 (on the 30th anniversary of Hussein Kamel's reign.)
Economy.
Currency.
During the khedivate, the standard form of Egyptian currency was the Egyptian pound. Because of the gradual European domination of the Egyptian economy, the khedivate adopted the gold standard in 1885.
Adoption of European-style industries.
Although the adoption of modern industrial techniques was begun under Muhammad Ali in the early 19th century, the policy was continued under the khedives. 
Machines were imported into Egypt, and, by the abolition of the khedivate in 1914, the textile industry had become the most prominent one in the nation.

</doc>
<doc id="18961994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18961994" title="Iyo-Yokota Station">
Iyo-Yokota Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="18962012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962012" title="Athanasia of Aegina">
Athanasia of Aegina

Saint Athanasia of Aegina (born circa 790 in Aegina - died 14 August 860, Timia, Greece) was a saint who lived in the Byzantine Empire and was for a while adviser to the Empress Theodora II.
Life.
The life of Athanasia is contained only in a vitae, which is held in the manuscript, Vaticanus Graecus 1660, of 916 AD. The author is unknown but most likely a man who wrote soon after St. Athanasia's death.
Athanasia was the daughter of Christian nobles, Niketas and Irene, and experienced a mystical union of a star merging with her heart while weaving at the loom when she was a young girl. She wanted a spiritual life but an imperial edict required all single women of marriageable age to marry soldiers. At 16 years old, at her parents urging, she complied and married a young officer. Sixteen days after her wedding, her husband was killed in a battle with raiding Arabs. She again married this time to a deeply religious man who felt drawn to become a monk and left with her blessing to do so.
Athanasia then gave away the bulk of her possessions, converted their home into a convent and began building churches. She served as an abbess and was known for her miraculous healing of the sick and those seen as possessed. Her community later moved to Timia near the ancient church of Stephen the Protomartyr. Here crowds flocked to see her. As her fame grew she moved to Constantinople seeking solitude as an Anchoress in a cell for seven years. While walled away, she was an adviser to the Empress Theodora II. After seven years, she returned to Aegina, where she died of natural causes three days later at Timia on 14 August 860.
Her relics are preserved at Timia in a specially made reliquary, and are revered for their reputed healing powers.
Romani people.
Contemporary scholars have suggested that one of the first written references to the Romani people, under the term "Atsinganoi", (Greek), dates from the Byzantine era during a time of famine in the 9th century. In 800 CE, Saint Athanasia gave food to "foreigners called the Atsinganoi" near Thrace.

</doc>
<doc id="18962016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962016" title="Torinoki Station">
Torinoki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="18962022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962022" title="Empress of Australia">
Empress of Australia

Three ships have borne the name Empress of Australia:

</doc>
<doc id="18962031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962031" title="Iyoshi Station">
Iyoshi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="18962043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962043" title="Mukaibara Station">
Mukaibara Station


</doc>
<doc id="18962068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962068" title="Kōnokawa Station">
Kōnokawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="18962087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962087" title="Iyo-Kaminada Station">
Iyo-Kaminada Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="18962097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962097" title="Shimonada Station">
Shimonada Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="18962103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962103" title="Labor Minister of Israel">
Labor Minister of Israel

The Labor Minister of Israel (, "Sar HaAvoda") was the political head of the Israeli Ministry of Labor and a position in the Israeli cabinet. The post was established in 1948 as the Minister of Labour and Construction (, "Sar HaAvoda VeHaBinui"). The following year it was renamed the Minister of Labour and Social Security (, "Sar HaAVoda VeHaBituah HaAmami"), until adopting its later name in 1951.
In 1977 the post was merged with the Welfare Minister, becoming the Minister of Labor and Social Welfare. In 2003 the labor function was transferred to the Minister of Industry and Trade, which was renamed Industry, Trade and Labor Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="18962107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962107" title="Kushi Station">
Kushi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="18962128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962128" title="Larry Stewart Leadership and Inspiration Award">
Larry Stewart Leadership and Inspiration Award

The Larry Stewart Leadership and Inspiration Award is awarded by the Entertainment Industries Council at the PRISM Awards to an entertainment industry professional for leading and inspiring the industry to make a difference on drug, alcohol, tobacco, and/or mental health issues.[http://www.prismawards.com/about/] The award is named in the memory of veteran writer/producer/director Larry Stewart. 

</doc>
<doc id="18962147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962147" title="Water use">
Water use

Water use can mean the amount of water used by a household or a country, or the amount used for a given task or for the production of a given quantity of some product or crop. The term "water footprint" is often used to refer to the amount of water used by an individual, community, business, or nation.
World water use has been growing rapidly in the last hundred years (see graph from New Scientist article). From 1900 to 2000, water use for agriculture went from about 500 to 2,500 cubic kilometers per year, while total use rose from around 600 to more than 3,000 cubic kilometres per year. Agriculture uses 70% of water resources.
In the U.S, the typical single family home uses about 69.3 gallons (262 litres) of water per day (2008 estimate). This includes (in decreasing order) toilet use, washing machine use, showers, baths, faucet use, and leaks.
Water footprint.
The water footprint of an individual, community or business is defined as the total volume of freshwater used to produce the goods and services consumed by the individual or community or produced by the business. Water use is measured in water volume consumed (evaporated) and/or polluted per unit of time. A water footprint can be calculated for any well-defined group of consumers (e.g., an individual, family, village, city, province, state or nation) or producers (e.g., a public organization, private enterprise or economic sector). The water footprint is a geographically explicit indicator, not only showing volumes of water use and pollution, but also the locations. However, the water footprint does not provide information on how the embedded water negatively or positively affects local water resources, ecosystems and livelihoods.
History.
The water footprint concept was introduced in 2002 by Arjen Y. Hoekstra from UNESCO-IHE as an alternative indicator of water use. and the 2008 book "Globalization of Water", and the 2011 manual “The water footprint assessment manual: Setting the global standard”. Cooperation between global leading institutions in the field has led to the establishment of the Water Footprint Network in 2008 that aims to coordinate efforts to further develop and disseminate knowledge on water footprint concepts, methods and tools.
Components.
A water footprint consists of three components: blue, green, and grey. The blue water footprint is the volume of freshwater that evaporated from the global blue water resources (surface water and ground water) to produce the goods and services consumed by the individual or community. The green water footprint is the volume of water evaporated from the global green water resources (rainwater stored in the soil as soil moisture). The grey water footprint is the volume of polluted water that associates with the production of all goods and services for the individual or community. The latter can be estimated as the volume of water that is required to dilute pollutants to such an extent that the quality of the water remains at or above agreed water quality standards.
Calculation.
There is an elaborate Water Footprint Assessment Manual produced by the Water Footprint Network on how to calculate a water footprint
Online water footprint calculators are available:
International standard.
In February 2011, the Water Footprint Network, in a global collaborative effort of environmental organizations, companies, research institutions and the UN, launched the Global Water Footprint Standard. ISO is working on a procedural standard on how to incorporate water footprint in a product LCA. This ISO standard will be linked to the Global Water Footprint Standard, which can be applied for different sorts of Water Footprint Assessment: for products, companies, countries or river basins.
Water footprint of products.
The water footprint of a product is the total volume of freshwater used to produce the product, summed over the various steps of the production chain. The water footprint of a product refers not only to the total volume of water used; it also refers to where and when the water is used (Source: WFN Glossary). The Water Footprint Network maintains a global database on the water footprint of products: WaterStat
An individual’s daily diet of fruits, vegetables and grains requires more than of water, as compared to needed for a daily diet rich in animal protein. Research by the Cranfield University calculated the amount of water required to produce various common foods in the United Kingdom:
For more product water footprints: see the Product Gallery of the Water Footprint Network
Water footprint of individual consumers.
The water footprint of an individual refers to the sum of his or her direct and indirect freshwater use. The direct water use is the water used at home, while the indirect water use relates to the total volume of freshwater that is used to produce the goods and services consumed.
The average global water footprint of an individual is 1,385 m3 per year.The average consumer in the United States has a water footprint of 2,842 m3 per year, while the average resident in China and India has a water footprint of 1,071 and 1,089 m3 per year, respectively.
Water footprint of companies.
The water footprint of a business, the 'corporate water footprint', is defined as the total volume of freshwater that is used directly or indirectly to run and support a business. It is the total volume of water use to be associated with the use of the business outputs. The water footprint of a business consists of water used for producing/manufacturing or for supporting activities and the indirect water use in the producer’s supply chain.
Water footprint of nations.
The water footprint of a nation is the water used to produce the goods and services consumed by the inhabitants of the nation. The internal water footprint is the appropriation of domestic water resources; the external water footprint is the appropriation of water resources in other countries. About 65% of Japan's total water footprint comes from outside the country; about 7% of the Chinese water footprint falls outside China.
Criticism.
The application and interpretation of water footprints may sometimes be used to promote industrial activities that lead to facile criticism of certain products. For example, the 140 litres required for coffee production for one cup might be of no harm to water resources if its cultivation occurs mainly in humid areas, but could be damaging in more arid regions. Other factors such as hydrology, climate, geology, topography, population and demographics should also be taken into account. Nevertheless, high water footprint calculations do suggest that environmental concern may be appropriate.
According to Dennis Wichelns of the International Water Management Institute: "Although one goal of virtual water analysis is to describe opportunities for improving water security, there is almost no mention of the potential impacts of the prescriptions arising from that analysis on farm households in industrialized or developing countries. It is essential to consider more carefully the inherent flaws in the virtual water and water footprint perspectives, particularly when seeking guidance regarding policy decisions."
The use of the term "footprint" can also confuse people familiar with the notion of a carbon footprint, because the water footprint concept includes sums of water quantities without necessarily evaluating related impacts. This is in contrast to the carbon footprint, where carbon emissions are not simply summarized but normalized by CO2 emissions, which are globally identical, to account for the environmental harm. The difference is due to the somewhat more complex nature of water; while involved in the global hydrological cycle, it is expressed in conditions both local and regional through various forms like river basins, watersheds, on down to groundwater (as part of larger aquifer systems).
The water footprint of a business, the'corporate water footprint', is defined 
as the total volume of fresh water that is used directly or indirectly to run and support a business. It is the total volume of water use to be associated with the use of the business outputs.The water footprint of a business consists of water used for producing/manufacturing or for supporting activities and the indirect water use in the producer’s supply chain. Water Credit for conserving water: Nagpur based innovator Shripad Vaidya's idea of giving water credit's, much like carbon credits, to those who save and conserve water is gaining ground. These water credits can be marketed or sold to those in need of surplus water for social,agricultural or industrial ventures.

</doc>
<doc id="18962157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962157" title="Helena (wife of Julian)">
Helena (wife of Julian)

Helena (died 360) was the wife of Julian, Roman Emperor in 360–363. She was briefly his Empress consort when Julian was proclaimed Augustus by his troops in 360. She died prior to the resolution of his conflict with Constantius II.
Family.
Helena was a daughter of Constantine I and Fausta. She was sister to Constantine II, Constantius II, Constans and Constantina and half-sister of Crispus.
Her paternal grandparents were Constantius Chlorus and Helena. Her maternal grandparents were Maximian and Eutropia.
Marriage.
On 6 November 355, Julian was declared Caesar by Constantius II. The new Caesar was a paternal first cousin to Helena and her siblings. He was a son of Julius Constantius and his second wife Basilina. His paternal grandparents were Constantius Chlorus and his second wife Flavia Maximiana Theodora. At the time of his declaration Julian was the only viable candidate for this position, at least within the ranks of the Constantinian dynasty. The various other males of the family had died out.
The marriage of Helena and Julian took place days after his proclamation. The marriage confirmed the alliance of Julian to her brother. According to Ammianus Marcellinus:"This happened on the sixth of November of the year when Arbetio and Lollianus were consuls. Then, within a few days, Helena, the maiden sister of Constantius, was joined in the bonds of wedlock to the Caesar." Zosimus reports: "Constantius declared him Caesar, gave him in marriage his sister Helena, and sent him beyond the Alps. But being naturally distrustful, he could not believe that Julian would be faithful to him, and therefore sent along with him Marcellus and Sallustius, to whom, and not to Caesar, he committed the entire administration of that government."Eutropius narrates: "Constantius then remained sole ruler and emperor over the Roman dominions. He then sent into Gaul, with the authority of Caesar, his cousin Julian, the brother of Gallus, giving him his sister in marriage, at a time when the barbarians had stormed many towns and were besieging others, when there was everywhere direful devastation, and when the Roman Empire was tottering in evident distress." According to Socrates of Constantinople: "The emperor recalled him and after created him Caesar; in addition to this, uniting him in marriage to his own sister Helen, he sent him against the barbarians. For the barbarians whom the Emperor Constantius had engaged as auxiliary forces against the tyrant Magnentius, having proved of no use against the usurper, were beginning to pillage the Roman cities. And inasmuch as he [Julian was young he ordered him to undertake nothing without consulting the other military chiefs."
Sozomen apparently confused Helena with her sister, calling her Constantia He narrates:"Constantius recalled him and proclaimed him Caesar, promised him his sister Constantia in marriage, and sent him to Gaul; for the barbarians whose aid had been hired by Constantius previously against Magnentius, finding that their services were not required, had portioned out that country. As Julian was very young, generals, to whom the prudential affairs were turned over, were sent with him; but as these generals abandoned themselves to pleasure, he was present as Caesar, and provided for the war."
Philostorgius reports: "He summoned Gallus' brother Julian from Ionia and appointed him Caesar in Milan, giving his own sister Helena to him as his wife and taking oaths with him. He then sent him to Gaul to watch over the realm there.". The marriage is also recorded in the "Chronicon Paschale".
None of the primary sources mention the age of Helena at the time of her marriage. The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire by Edward Gibbon does comment on her age. "If we recollect that Constantine, the father of Helena, died above eighteen years before, in a mature old age, it will appear probable, that the daughter, though a virgin, could not be very young at the time of her marriage."
Constantine I had died in 337. Fausta had died in 326. Which would mean Helena was at least twenty-nine years old at the time of her marriage.
Caesar's wife.
Helena seems to have followed her husband to Gaul and is next reported being pregnant with his child. This pregnancy ended in a miscarriage. Ammianus reports on further miscarriages: "Meanwhile Constantius' sister Helena, wife of Julian Caesar, had been brought to Rome under pretence of affection, but the reigning queen, Eusebia, was plotting against her; she herself had been childless all her life, and by her wiles she coaxed Helena to drink a rare potion, so that as often as she was with child she should have a miscarriage. For once before, in Gaul, when she had borne a baby boy, she lost it through machination: a midwife had been bribed with a sum of money, and as soon as the child was born cut the umbilical cord more than was right, and so killed it; such great pains and so much thought were taken that this most valiant man might have no heir." In the historical study "Ammianus Marcellinus and the Representation of Historical Reality" (1998) by Timothy Barnes, the birth of this stillborn son is estimated to 356. The miscarriage in Rome to 357. Barnes considers the story of the potion-induced miscarriages to be an allegation without further reference. Gibbon had not completely dismissed the report:"even the fruits of his [Julian's] marriage-bed were blasted by the jealous artifices of Eusebia herself, who, on this occasion alone, seems to have been unmindful of the tenderness of her sex, and the generosity of her character" ... "For my own part I am inclined to hope that the public malignity imputed the effects of accident as the guilt of Eusebia." He left the question of the existence of such a poison open and to be determined by physicians rather than historians. "A History of Medicine" (1995) by Plinio Prioreschi dismisses the account as an example of a very common error in accounts of ancient medicine, "the attribution to drugs of properties that they could not have". In this case, a potion which is consumed just once and keeps having effect for years. Prioreschi regards it as "an obvious impossibility in the light of modern pharmacology".
"The Propaganda of Power: The Role of Panegyric in Late Antiquity" (1998) contains a number of essays on the subject of panegyrics. Among them is "In praise of an Empress:Julian's speech of thanks to Eusebia" by Shaun Tougher, discussing a "Panegyric In Honour Of Eusebia" written by Julian himself. Tougher examines the relationship of Julian and Eusebia, commenting on whether Helena was affected by it. The historian considers that the image of a politically influential but "kind-hearted and philanthropic" Eusebia is directly based on her depiction in the works of Julian. According to Tougher, later historians have tended to accept this depiction with little to no questioning of it. He regards Eusebia to be the greatest threat to Julian for the duration of his term as Caesar. This rank effectively made Julian heir presumptive to the imperial throne. His position as such relied solely on Constantius and Eusebia remaining childless. Had an heir been born to the imperial couple, Julian could find himself outliving his usefulness to his imperial patrons. Tougher follows the example of senior historian Noël Aujoulat in considering the story of Helena's miscarriages being the result of abortifacients to be entirely plausible. Both historians consider Ammianus' allegations, casting Eusebia as the orchestrator of such a plot, should be taken into consideration and "not be lightly dismissed".
Whatever the case, "The Cambridge Ancient History" notes that the occasion of her presence in Rome were the Vicennalia of Constantius II, a celebration in honor of completing twenty years on the throne. Constantius and his Milan court moved to Rome for the occasion, marking the first and only known visit of this particular Augustus in the ancient capital of the Roman Empire. Constantius was following the examples of Diocletian and Constantine I who also visited Rome during their own Vicennalia. The presence of Constantius, Eusebia and Helena marked this as a dynastic display.
Empress.
By 360, Julian had restored peace to Gaul and reached a ceasefire with the Alamanni in particular. This secured the local borders for a while. Meanwhile Constantius was involved in a conflict against Shapur II of the Sassanid Empire, another phase of the Roman–Persian Wars. He took advantage of the peace achieved by Julian, sending orders that would transfer many officers and units from Gaul to the Persian borders. The Petulantes, one of the units ordered to the eastern border, revolted and proclaimed Julian to be their Augustus. Soon their cause was joined by the rest of the Gallic troops. Julian accepted his proclamation with some initial reluctance. The exact date of his proclamations in unknown, estimated to February or March, 360. Helena served as his Empress consort. She is mentioned being alive at the time of his proclamation in Julian's "Letter To The Senate And People of Athens".
The Letter was written in 361. At the time Julian and his forces were marching east to face Constantius. Julian took the time to write a series of public letters which explained and justified his course of action. These letters were addressed to several cities of the empire which Julian was attempting to win over, including (at least) Athens, Corinth, Rome and Sparta. The letter to Athens happens to be the only one preserved to modern times. Among other subjects, Julian narrates the conditions of his proclamation to the throne by army revolt.
Julian was attempting to convince his audience that Constantius was to blame for their conflict, not himself. His narrative suggests Helena was alive early in his new reign, attended by soldiers and in close proximity to her husband at Gaul. As an officer of her guard was able to contact Julian with no prolonged journey mentioned. He does however claim to have slept alone without stating a reason. Her role in the conflict between her husband and brother is left unmentioned.
Death.
Helena is next mentioned by Ammianus as already deceased for some time: Julian "being now an Augustus, he celebrated quinquennial games; and he wore a magnificent diadem, set with gleaming gems, whereas at the beginning of his principate he had assumed and worn a cheap crown, like that of the director of a gymnasium attired in purple. While these games were going on, he had sent to Rome the remains of his deceased wife Helena, to be laid to rest in his villa near the city on the Via Nomentana, where also her sister Constantina, formerly the wife of Gallus, was buried." In his assessment of Julian, Ammianus claims Julian practiced chastity and avoided sexual intercourse for the rest of his life. "He was so conspicuous for inviolate chastity that after the loss of his wife it is well known that he never gave a thought to love: bearing in mind what we read in Plato, that Sophocles, the tragic poet, when we was asked, at a great age, whether he still had congress with women, said no, adding that he was glad that he had escaped from this passion as from some mad and cruel aster. Also, to give greater strength to this principle, Julianus often repeated the saying of the lyric poet Bacchylides, whom he delighted to read, who declares that as a skilful painter gives a face beauty, just so chastity gives charm to a life of high aims. This blemish in the mature strength of manhood he avoided with such care, that even his most confidential attendants never (as often happens) accused him even of a suspicion of any lustfulness." Barnes notes that Ammianus offers much praise of both Julian and Eusebia. In contrast, there is no such praise for Helena, nor an actual assessment of her.
The "Funeral Oration upon the Emperor Julian" by Libanius elaborates on the subject of Julian's chastity:"This was the pleasure our emperor reaped from the length of the nights, whilst others were following the business of Venus. But he was so far from inquiring where there was a fair daughter, or wife, that had he not once been tied by Juno with the bond of marriage, he would have ended his days knowing nothing of sexual intercourse but by name. But as it was he regretted his wife, yet did not touch another woman, either before or after her; being by his constitution enabled to be continent, and his constant occupation in the art of soothsaying concurring to require this restraint. ... Being exhorted by his relations to marry, that he might get children for heirs to his power, "It was out of fear of this very thing," replied he, "that I have neglected to do so, lest they, succeeding by hereditary right, should turn out bad and ruin the state, experiencing the same fate with Phaethon." Thus did he regard his own want of children as a lighter calamity than the chance of mischief to the provinces."
Gibbon notes that Helena's "pregnancy had been several times fruitless, and was at last fatal to herself." Gibbon used as his source another work by Libanius, "a very weak apology, to justify his hero from a very absurd charge of poisoning his wife, and rewarding her physician with his mother's jewels." An entry of the Liber Pontificalis, the one covering Pope Liberius, mentions Helena being a devout Christian and an adherent of the Nicene Creed. However, like Sozomen, the entry writer confused her with her sister and calls her "Constantia Augusta".

</doc>
<doc id="18962163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962163" title="Heinrich Hoffmann (naval officer)">
Heinrich Hoffmann (naval officer)

Heinrich Hoffmann (17 August 1910 – 29 January 1998) was a "Korvettenkapitän" with the "Kriegsmarine" during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
With only three serviceable torpedo boats, "T-28", "Jaguar" and "Möwe", at his disposal, Hoffmann attacked the Allied Invasion fleet, including the HMS "Warspite" and HMS "Ramillies", near the Bay of the Seine on the morning of D-Day on 6 June 1944. During the attack, 18 torpedoes were launched, resulting in the sinking of the Norwegian destroyer HNoMS "Svenner".
After World War II he rejoined the military of the Bundeswehr. In 1961 he became commander of the 1. "Zerstörergeschwader" (1st Destroyer Squadron), which included three former U.S. destroyers of the Fletcher-class, "Z-1", "Z-2" and "Z-3".

</doc>
<doc id="18962167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962167" title="Asrael Symphony">
Asrael Symphony

The "Asrael Symphony" for large orchestra in C minor (Czech: „Asrael“, Symfonie pro velký orchestr C moll), Op. 27 (1905–1906), was written by Josef Suk in memory of his father-in-law and teacher, Antonín Dvořák (died 1904), and his wife (Dvořák's daughter) Otilie Suková (née Dvořáková) (died 1905).
Background.
Suk began to compose his funeral symphony at the beginning of 1905, about eight months after Dvořák's death. The composition was titled after the Old Testament angel of death Asrael. The work is in five movements; the sketches of three movements were finished less than a half year later. On 6 July 1905, while Suk was in the middle of the work, his wife Otilie died. Although the composition was to be also a celebration of Dvořák's life and work, the desolated composer rejected the optimistic tone of the rest of the work. The complete score was finished on 4 October 1906. The work was dedicated "to the exalted memory of Dvořák and Otilie". Suk dedicated the last two movements to Otilie.
The symphony was premièred on 3 February 1907 at the Prague National Theatre, conducted by Karel Kovařovic. Karel Hoffmann and Jiří Herold, members of the Czech Quartet, attended the premiere as the concertmasters of the orchestra of the National Theatre.
Norman Lebrecht has singled out Václav Talich's 1952 recording of the "Asrael Symphony" with the Czech Philharmonic Orchestra on Supraphon as No. 19 in his list of the 100 best recordings of the century.
Structure.
The composition is in five movements:
The influence of Dvořák's composing style, apparent in Suk's previous work, is not noticeable in this composition. Suk leads his musical language rather to the modern polyphonic and harmonic techniques.
The "Asrael Symphony" represents a significant milestone in the context of Suk's oeuvre. The composer's bright and optimistic character of musical expression shifts to fundamental questions of human existence.
Instrumentation.
The symphony is scored for piccolo, 2 flutes, 2 oboes, cor anglais, 2 clarinets in B-flat (A, E-flat), bass clarinet, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, 6 horns (horns V and VI ad lib), 3 trumpets in C, 3 trombones, tuba, timpani, triangle, cymbals, bass drum, harp, and strings.

</doc>
<doc id="18962173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962173" title="Boletus pinophilus">
Boletus pinophilus

Boletus pinophilus, commonly known as the pine bolete or pinewood king bolete, is a basidiomycete fungus of the genus "Boletus" found throughout Europe. The large, edible fruiting bodies known as mushrooms appear under pine trees, generally in summer and autumn. It has a matte brown to maroon-coloured cap and its stem is often large and swollen, and the overall colour may have an orange-red tinge. As with other boletes, the size of the fruiting body is variable. "Boletus pinophilus" is edible, and may be preserved and cooked.
For many years, "Boletus pinophilus" was considered a subspecies or form of the porcini mushroom "B. edulis". In 2008, "B. pinophilus" in western North America were reclassified as a new species, "Boletus rex-veris".
Taxonomy.
"Boletus pinophilus" was for many years considered a variety of "Boletus edulis", and before that as "Boletus pinicola". This species, while no longer treated as a variety of "B. edulis", is classified in "Boletus" section "Boletus", and hence, as a close relative of "B. edulis". It gained its current name in 1973, described by Czech mycologists Albert Pilát and Aurel Dermek. Its specific epithet is a mix of Latin "pinus" "pine", and Ancient Greek "philus" "loving". "Boletus pinicola" is a synonym subsequently found to be an invalid name. Common names include the pine bolete, and the pinewood king bolete.
In 2008, a taxonomic revision of western North American populations of this species was published, formally establishing it as a distinct species, "Boletus rex-veris". Phylogenetic analysis has shown "B. pinophilus" as a member of a clade, or closely related group, with the North American species "B. subcaerulescens", "Gastroboletus subalpinus", "B. regineus", "B. fibrillosus", and "B. rex-veris".
Description.
The fruiting body has a convex-shaped cap, at first small in relation to its stipe, expanding in volume as it matures. The skin of the cap is dry, matte and can be coloured from maroon to chocolate brown with a reddish tint. These characteristics distinguish it visually from relatives such as "Boletus edulis", "Boletus reticulatus" and "Boletus aereus". The young, immature cap may have a pale pink colour and a white, powdery flush. Measuring 4–10 cm (1.6–4 in) tall by 3–8 (1.2–2.2–in) cm wide, the bulbous stipe is often large, swollen and imposing, bearing a network. The overall colour may have an orange-red tinge which is more obvious in the lowest parts, although this is also common in other species. As with all boletes, the size of the fruiting body can be very variable. The cap diameter can be as much as 30 cm (12 in) and stem height 15 cm (6 in).
Like other boletes, "Boletus pinophilus" has small pores on the underside of its cap rather than gills. These are coloured white at first, becoming yellow with age and olivaceous-brown at full maturity. The spores are cylindric-ellipsoid, smooth, with oil drops and dimensions 15.5–20 by 4.5–5.5 µm. They produce an olivaceous brown spore print.
Distribution and habitat.
In Europe, "Boletus pinophilus" is found in Britain, where it is more common in Scotland, and in France, where it is more common in the south. It is sold commercially in Finland.
"Boletus pinophilus" forms ectomycorrhizal relationships with pine ("Pinus"), fir ("Abies") and spruce ("Picea"). It can therefore be located wherever those trees grow, particularly with Scots pine in Britain, preferring the poor, acidic, and sandy soils associated with coniferous forests. It appears to favour "Pinus", while the form of the mushroom occurring in association with "Abies" and "Picea" has been labeled "Boletus pinophilus" var. "fuscoruber". However, it is not confined to coniferous trees and may also be found fruiting in deciduous forests, such as under chestnut trees. Fruiting bodies can occur singly, or in small groups throughout the summer and autumn months, although they are known to appear as early as April in Italy.
Edibility.
The "Boletus pinophilus" is edible, and may be used fresh, preserved, dried and cooked in a manner similar to that of other edible boletes. The flesh is white, soft in mature specimens and does not change colour upon bruising. The taste and smell is pleasant. It is easily misidentified as the porcini "Boletus edulis", due to the similar habitat and appearance.
"Boletus pinophilus" is known to be a bioaccumulator of the heavy metal mercury. To reduce exposure, authorities recommend avoiding mushrooms from polluted areas such as those near mines, smelters, roadways, incinerators and disposal sites. Furthermore, pores should be removed as they contain the highest concentrations of pollutants.

</doc>
<doc id="18962178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962178" title="Schnidejoch">
Schnidejoch

The Schnidejoch is a mountain pass in the Bernese Alps, at above sea level, cutting across the ridge connecting the Schnidehorn and the Wildhorn.
Archaeological artifacts, their dates spread over six millennia (from the Neolithic to the Late Middle Ages), have been discovered near the pass. They suggest that the pass was in regular use as a short route across the Bernese Alps, connecting the Bernese Oberland and the Valais, throughout this period. The nearest easier passes across the massif are the Sanetschpass () and the Rawilpass (), situated a short distance to the west and east, respectively.
In September 2003, Bronze Age or Neolithic artifacts were discovered at the icefield just below the pass, at ca. . The discovery was made possible by the melting away of the formerly permanent ice field during the exceptionally hot summer of 2003.
Further searches in 2004 and 2005 yielded more than 400 objects dating to various epochs, about half of them placed by carbon dating to between 29th and the 27th centuries BC (Corded ware period). The objects include hunting weapons and clothing. A yew bow found at the site and taken home by a German tourist in 2003 was returned to the Bernese cantonal archaeologists in 2005.
The 3rd millennium dates of the oldest artifacts were revised to the mid 5th millennium BC (linear pottery period) in a 2008 press release. The revised dates would establish the artifacts as older than Ötzi the Iceman.

</doc>
<doc id="18962190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962190" title="Raimundo of Lencastre, 4th Duke of Aveiro">
Raimundo of Lencastre, 4th Duke of Aveiro

"Dom" Raimundo of Lencastre ( ? – Cadiz, 1666) was the older son of George of Lencastre, 1st Duke of Torres Novas, and grandson of Álvaro and Juliana of Lencastre, 3rd Dukes of Aveiro.
Once his father died before his grandmother, in 1632, he succeed him as heir of the House of Aveiro, as 4th Marquis of Torres Novas and 2nd Duke of Torres Novas. He also became 4th Duke of Aveiro when his grandmother, the 3rd Duchess, died in 1636.
When the Braganzas expelled the Habsburgs from the Portuguese throne, in 1640, he was nominee member of the Portuguese State Council. However, after 1659, he fled to Brest, in Brittany, and from there he travelled to Spain, where he supported the Spanish Habsburgs rights to the throne of Portugal.
He was quite welcomed in Madrid by King Philip IV of Spain, who granted him the new Spanish title of Duke of Ciudad Real, but, in spite his mother and sister also lived in Madrid, he didn’t feel comfortable among the conservative Spanish nobility.
Meanwhile, in Portugal, Dom Raimundo of Lencastre was condemn for treason (in 1663) and the King of Portugal, John IV, confiscated the Dukedom and granted it to Raimundo’s uncle, Peter of Lencastre, a Braganza supporter, who was recognised as 5th Duke of Aveiro and 5th Marquis of Torres Novas.
In 1665, the Spanish tried a last effort to conquer Portugal and "Dom" Raimundo advised a simultaneous naval expedition, leaving from Cadiz, against the Portuguese cost, which he led. The expedition was not successful and Raimundo died in Cadiz in 1666.
He had married Louise Claire of Ligne (1640–1684), daughter of Claude-Lamoral, 3rd Prince of Ligne. They had no issue.
Raimundo had three natural children:
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil” – Vol. II, pages 344 and 345; Vol. III, pages 446 and 447. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18962192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962192" title="Standing passenger">
Standing passenger

In urban public transport, provision is made for standing passengers, often called straphangers to rationalize operation, and to provide extra capacity during rush hour. While most travelers may be seated during off-peak services, only a limited proportion will be seated during the peak services. The longer the journey, the less willing passengers are to stand. On intercity rail or coach services, the willingness among passengers to stand is often low or it may be prohibited, with reserved seating to ensure that all passengers can be seated.
In aviation, safety measures require all passengers and crew to be seated during take-off and landing, so airlines do not allow passengers to travel without a seat. However, in 2010, Ryanair, a low-cost airline proposed a 'vertical seat' design for use by standing passengers on its aircraft.
Seated to standing ratio.
The seated to standing ratio is the ratio between the number of passengers that can be seated and the number of standing passengers on a public transport vehicle. A higher standing ratio allows for more passengers in a given area, but detracts the perceived quality of the transport, in particular over long distances. Its application is normally limited to urban mass transit due to intercity transport normally only offering seated travel. On longer haul services, bilevel cars are often used to allow for increased seating, though this increases the dwell time at stations making increased seating ratio and service time tradeoffs.
Passengers per square metre.
Passengers per square metre is a unit used to determine the standard of comfort provided to standing passengers in a commuter vehicle. Multiplying this number by the total available standing area on a vehicle gives the total standing passenger capacity. Bus services in Europe operate at about four passengers per square metre.
Hand holds.
Various types of hand holds are provided for standing passengers:
Safety.
Standing passengers are susceptible to suffering falls and other injuries, particularly elderly people.

</doc>
<doc id="18962202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962202" title="Niccolò dei Conti di Segni">
Niccolò dei Conti di Segni

Niccolo Conti di Segni - Italian cardinal allegedly created by Pope Gregory IX with the title of San Marcello in the consistory of December 1228 (or 1230) and subsequently sent as papal legate to Armenia to mediate in the conflicts between king Hethum I of Armenia and the Principality of Antioch; king Hethum I considered him partial in favor of the Principality of Antioch and asked pope for his recalling. He is said to have died in 1239.
Some scholars doubt the existence of this cardinal because he did not subscribe any papal bulls and his legation in Armenia is not attested in the contemporary sources. Agostino Paravicini Bagliani indicates that he's confused with Niccolo da Anagni (1206-72), nephew of Pope Gregory IX, who was only the lower official of the Roman Curia during his pontificate. He was never promoted to the cardinalate, despite serving as camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church under Pope Alexander IV (1254-61).
Bibliography.
Agostino Paravicini Bagliani, "Cardinali di curia e "familiae" cardinalizie. Dal 1227 al 1254", vol. II, Padova 1972, p. 531-532

</doc>
<doc id="18962222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962222" title="Live at the Blue Note (Oscar Peterson album)">
Live at the Blue Note (Oscar Peterson album)

Live at the Blue Note is a 1990 live album by Oscar Peterson.

</doc>
<doc id="18962223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962223" title="Dungeon Definition Language">
Dungeon Definition Language

Dungeon Definition Language (DDL) was created in the summer of 1981 by Bruce Adler, Chris Kostanick, Michael Stein, Michael Urban, and Warren Usui, members of the University of California, Los Angeles Computer Club (UCLA CC).
DDL is object-oriented (untyped objects) and uses a Lisp-like syntax 
DDL is the forerunner of the Adventure Definition Language (ADL).

</doc>
<doc id="18962240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962240" title="Freeman Etudes">
Freeman Etudes

Freeman Etudes are a set of etudes for solo violin composed by John Cage. Like the earlier "Etudes Australes" for piano, these works are incredibly complex, nearly impossible to perform, and represented for Cage the "practicality of the impossible" as an answer to the notion that resolving the world's political and social problems is impossible.
Details.
In 1977 Cage was approached by Betty Freeman, who asked him to compose a set of etudes for violinist Paul Zukofsky (who would, at around the same time, also help Cage with work on the violin transcription of "Cheap Imitation"). Cage decided to model the work on his earlier set of etudes for piano, "Etudes Australes". That work was a set of 32 etudes, 4 books of 8 etudes each, and composed using controlled chance by means of star charts and, as was usual for Cage, the "I Ching". Zukofsky asked Cage for music that would be notated in a conventional manner, which he assumed Cage was returning to in "Etudes Australes", and as precise as possible. Cage understood the request literally and proceeded to create compositions which would have so many details that it would be almost impossible to perform them. An example from one of the more difficult etudes follows:
In 1980 Cage abandoned the cycle, partly because Zukofsky attested that the pieces were unplayable. The first seventeen etudes were completed, though, and Books I and II (Etudes 1–16) were published and performed (the first performance of Books I and II was done by János Négyesy in 1984 in Turin, Italy). Violinist Irvine Arditti expressed an interest in the work and, by summer 1988, was able to perform it at an even faster tempo than indicated in the score, thus proving that the music was, in fact playable. Arditti continued to practice the etudes, aiming at an even faster speed, apparently misreading Cage's indication in the score to play every measure in "as short a time-length as his virtuosity permits", in which Cage simply meant that the duration is different for each performer. Inspired by the fact that the music was playable, Cage decided to complete the cycle, which he finally did in 1990 with the help of James Pritchett, who assisted the composer in reconstructing the method used to compose the works (which was required, because Cage himself forgot the details after 10 years of not working on the piece).
The first complete performance of all Etudes (1–32) was given by Irvine Arditti in Zurich in June 1991. Négyesy also performed the last two books of the Etudes in the same year in Ferrara, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18962264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962264" title="Eurasian Home">
Eurasian Home

"Eurasian Home" analytical and information resource is an open forum for dialogue and reflection, bringing together experts, politicians and journalists from the New Independent States, Russia, European Union, Asia and America. The website is first of all a platform where representatives of different countries can freely discuss issues concerning global and regional integration in Eurasia.
Among priority topics of the website are political and economic processes in Eurasia and America; integration concepts and strategies in the world; integration between the countries of the former Soviet Union; the search for models of effective economic integration; economic and political interaction between the countries of the CIS as well as with the rest of the world (EU, USA etc.).
The Eurasian Home website was launched in 2004 by the Russian non-profit Eurasia Heritage Foundation.
Goals.
The goals of the "Eurasian Home" website are the involving experts from different countries in discussion of the major political and economic issues which are currently of high priority for Russia, New Independent States, and members of the EU;
presenting research results along with analytical and expert assessments to the governmental agencies, international organizations, NGOs, private companies.
Structure.
"Eurasian Home" provides expert opinions, comments of prominent journalists, analytical reports and researches conducted by the leading think tanks, the most relevant publications on Eurasia. Besides, the website provides the unique profiles of the regional integration organizations in the post-Soviet space, as well as the profiles of the New Independent States.
The website’s audience are users from over seventy countries. Eurasian Home actively participates in involving members of the world expert community in discussions of the current processes in the post-Soviet space and introduces expert opinion from Russia and New Independent States to the foreign users.
Eurasian Home Columnists.
Jules Evans, British journalist, London
Kevin O'Flynn, British freelance journalist, Moscow
John Marone, American journalist, Kiev
Ivan Gayvanovych, Ukrainian journalist, Kiev
Boris Kagarlitsky, Director of the Institute of Globalization and Social Movements, Moscow
Akram Murtazaev, Russian journalist, Moscow
Aleh Novikau, Belarusian journalist, Minsk

</doc>
