<doc id="18906959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18906959" title="Corner in Celebrities Historic District">
Corner in Celebrities Historic District

Corner in Celebrities Historic District is a neighborhood located in the north section of Frankfort, Kentucky that is designated an historic district because of the high concentration of structures that previously belonged to notable residents. The area contains the historic homes of George M. Bibb, Benjamin G. Brown, James Brown, John Brown, John J. Crittenden, Thomas Crittenden, James Harlan, John Marshall Harlan, Robert P. Letcher, Thomas Metcalfe, Charles Slaughter Morehead, Hugh Rodman, Thomas Todd, George G. Vest, and John C. Watson. The area was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
Founding of Frankfort.
The town of Frankfort, Kentucky was founded in 1786 on of land on the north side of the Kentucky River on property owned by General James Wilkinson. After Kentucky became the fifteenth American state in 1792, Frankfort was named the state capital.
Wapping Street.
Wapping Street is a public thoroughfare located in northern Frankfort that runs east and west parallel to the Kentucky River through the Corner in Celebrities historic district. The street was named for the "Old Wapping Stairs" in London by homesick Englishman, John Instone, a friend of the town's founder.
Thomas Todd House.
The Thomas Todd House is located at 320 Wapping Street. The Federal style structure was built in 1812 by either Hayden Edwards or William Walker with the Victorian style features added later.
After serving in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, Thomas Todd studied law and land surveying under his cousin Harry Innes. In 1784 Todd move to Kentucky when Judge Harry Innes was appointed to begin the federal court in Danville, Kentucky. During his time in Danville, Todd served as a clerk for five Constitutional Conventions regarding Kentucky's statehood. After being admitted to the bar in 1788, Todd was a clerk to federal Judge Innes and served as the clerk of the Kentucky House of Representatives until 1799 when the Kentucky Supreme Court was created and Todd was appointed its chief clerk. Kentucky Governor James Garrard appointed Todd to fill the a newly added seat to the Court, and five years later he was named Chief Justice of the Kentucky Court. In 1807, United States President Thomas Jefferson appointed Todd, then age forty-one, to United States Supreme Court where he served until his death in 1826. After his appointment to the Supreme Court, Todd remained active in local and state affairs. 
In 1818, while serving on the U.S. Supreme Court, Todd purchased the house on Wapping Street and lived there with his second wife Lucy (Payne) Washington, sister of Dolley Madison. Todd died on February 7, 1826 and was buried in the Innes family cemetery. Later Todd was reinterred in the at Frankfort Cemetery.
Vest-Lindsey House.
The Vest-Lindsey House is located at 401 Wapping Street. The building, a twelve room Federal style house, was constructed in approximately 1798 making the structure one of the oldest houses in Frankfort. The House was the childhood home of United States Senator George Graham Vest. Vest served in the Senate for 25 years until his death in 1903. Vest is best remembered for his closing trial remarks where he coined the line "Dog is man's best friend."
Daniel Lindsey, a Union Army General during the American Civil War and Adjutant General and Inspector General of Kentucky's military forces, bought the building from Vest in 1846. The Lindsey family owned the property until it was purchased by the Commonwealth of Kentucky in 1965.
Bibb-Burnley House.
The Bibb-Burnley House, also called Gray Gables, is located at 411 Wapping Street. 
In 1856, John Bibb relocated to Frankfort from Logan County after being elected to the Kentucky Legislature. Bibb bought the property on Wapping Street that had a home built by John Instone, one of the first houses built in the town. Bibb built a new twenty-one room Gothic Revival house on the site using material from the original structure. 
Mary Anne Burnley, a niece of Bibb, lived in the house. Burnley's interest in culture and the arts associates the house with several prominent writers and musicians including John Fox, Jr. and Robert Burns Wilson.
Wilkinson Street.
Wilkinson Street is a public thoroughfare named for town founder, General Wilkinson, who ran a ferry on the northern bank of the Kentucky River where the street started. The street runs north through the Corner in Celebrities historic district.
Crittenden-Garrard House.
The Crittenden-Garrad House, also called the Hoge House, is located at 302 Wilkinson Street. The Federal style structure was constructed in approximately 1810. Property records show that Frankfort Judge Jacob Swigert and his wife Rebecca were early owner of the house. In 1855, the Swigert's sold the property to Thomas Crittenden. Crittenden, the son of John J. Crittenden, was a Major General for the Union Army in the American Civil War. Additionally, Crittenden was U.S. Consul to Liverpool and later Kentucky State Treasurer.
In 1859, James H. Garrard, the grandson of Kentucky's second Governor, purchased the property. Garrard served as a General for the Union Army in the American Civil War. Garrard represented Clay, Letcher, and Perry Counties in the Kentucky Constitutional Convention Later, Garrard was the Kentucky State Treasurer from 1857 to 1865.
After James' death, his wife Letitia continued to live in the home. The Garrard family retained the property until 1902 when the house was sold to Callaway Hoge, wife of Will H. Hoge. The Hoge family keep the home until after 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18906960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18906960" title="United States Navy Facility, Barbados">
United States Navy Facility, Barbados

The Naval Facility (NAVFAC) Barbados, TWI was a naval base which was commissioned on 1 October 1957, with a complement of about 12 officers and about 88 enlisted personnel. It was located at site of Harrison's Point, in the Parish of Saint Lucy in the British colonial territory of Barbados of the West Indies. The facility opened about one-month following the U.S. Navy Facility established in the island of Eleuthera in The Bahamas. NAVFAC Barbados was operated by the United States Navy for twenty-two years and was officially decommissioned on 31 March 1979.
Motto: Arcana Maris Quaerere

</doc>
<doc id="18906966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18906966" title="Priscilla Lord">
Priscilla Lord

Priscilla Lord Faris is an American lawyer and Democratic politician. She was a candidate for the Democratic nomination in the 2008 Minnesota U.S. Senate election.
Biography.
Lord Faris was born in Minneapolis to Miles and Maxine Lord. Her father would later serve as Minnesota Attorney General from 1955 to 1960 and then as Chief Judge, United States District Court for the District of Minnesota and as U.S. Attorney. Her late brother, Jim Lord, served as a state senator and State Treasurer (1975–1983). 
A graduate of the University of Minnesota, she worked for Hubert Humphrey, as both Senator and Vice President, and Young Life before teaching third grade and special education. She worked in investment real estate for ten years, and once sat on the Sunfish Lake City Council.
Lord Faris, who obtained a law degree from Hamline University, opened her own practice as a personal injury lawyer in 1993. In 2006 and 2007, she was named a Minnesota Super Lawyer by Minnesota Law & Politics.
In July 2008, she announced that she would be challenging Al Franken, who had been endorsed by the state Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, for the party's nomination in the U.S. Senate election. She lost the September 9 primary. 
Lord Faris is married to fellow attorney Wayne Faris, with whom she had three children. Her teenaged son was killed by a drunk driver in 1989, after which she spent two years lobbying for MADD and advocating social host legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="18906983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18906983" title="Out of the Clouds">
Out of the Clouds

Out of the Clouds is a 1955 British drama film directed by Basil Dearden, and starring Anthony Steel, Sid James and James Robertson Justice. An Ealing Studios film, it follows the lives of the passengers and crew on a day at an airport that was filmed in Heathrow Airport.
Description.
The film was released on 15 February 1955, in the UK, 2 May 1955, in Sweden and 31 July 1957, in the USA. The film is loosely based on the novel "The Springboard" by Jean Fores and was adapted by Rex Reinits. The screenplay was written by Michael Relph and John Eldridge. The Ministry of Transport and Civil Aviation co-operated with the film. Technical assistance was provided by BOAC, British European Airways, and Pan-American World Airways. The shooting started in early June 1954. There was a temporary production office at Heathrow Airport. The film used one of Ealing Studios' largest ever sets to create the interior of the terminal building. An exact replica set of the Heathrow visual control room (air traffic control tower cab) was also built as filming at the actual location was impractical. The authors of "The Cinema of Basil Dearden and Michael Relph" said that the background and setting are more interesting than the characters. Bernadette Ibbetson was the hair stylist for the film and Richard Addinsell composed the music. The author Charles Barr described the film as an acquired value as a period piece. The film is the last disc in "Ealing Classics 2009, volume 1".
Plot summary.
The film is composed of small stories that are woven together. Gus is a gambler who resorts to smuggling. Nick is a chief officer who wants to get back in the sky and is in a love triangle with Gus and the stewardess Penny. Bill and German Leah cross paths on opposite journeys and fall in love.

</doc>
<doc id="18907000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907000" title="Frode Bovim">
Frode Bovim

Frode Bovim (born 22 August 1977) is a Norwegian sailor.
He received a silver medal in the "49er class" at the 2003 world championships, together with Christoffer Sundby. He competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens together with Christoffer Sundby, where they finished 4th in the "49er class". At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, he competed in the same class together with Christopher Gundersen.
He was born in Oslo, but represents the club Soon SF. He is married to Ingvill Måkestad Bovim.

</doc>
<doc id="18907001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907001" title="American Seating Company Factory Complex">
American Seating Company Factory Complex

American Seating Company Factory Complex is a historic manufacturing plant in Grand Rapids, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="18907010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907010" title="Babel Middleware">
Babel Middleware

Babel is an open source middleware system 
serving the scientific computing community. As language interoperability tool, Babel enables arbitrary mixing of software libraries written in C/C++, 
Fortran, Python, and Java. As distributed computing platform, Babel provides a language-neutral
Remote Method Invocation (RMI) scheme similar to Java RMI that allows third-party plug-ins to specify custom data encodings and network protocols.
How it works.
Babel requires developers to use an interface description language 
to specify the platform and language neutral interface to code. 
Babel uses a custom dialect called SIDL (Scientific Interface Definition Language), 
which has adaptations specific to computational science and engineering applications.
The Babel tool parses the SIDL specification to generate source code 
which provides the glue between programming languages. 
Babel works on all known POSIX and Unix variants, including Linux, Mac OS X, 
AIX, IRIX, Solaris, Tru64, Cray's XT4, IBM's Blue Gene, 
and many commodity clusters. Babel does not require special compiler or linker
technology and works with GNU, Intel, IBM, PathScale, PGI, and many other compilers. 
Babel is distributed under an LGPL license.
Impact.
Babel won an R&D 100 Award in 2006.
It has been used in diverse computational applications such as accelerator beam dynamics, 
cell biology, chemistry, climate, electron effects, fusion, geomagnetics, materials, 
nuclear power plants, radio astronomy, and subsurface transport as well as 
infrastructure such as frameworks, meshing, solvers, sparse linear algebra, and sourcecode
refactoring. 
Babel is also redistributed with some customer applications, the CCA framework, and Debian Linux.
History.
Babel was started as an internal research project on software components at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in 1999.
The first public (alpha) release of Babel was in 2001.
Also in 2001 it secured funding from SciDAC (Scientific Discovery Through Advanced Computing)
along with its collaborators in the CCA Forum (Common Component Architecture Forum).
Community.
Babel development and maintenance is currently funded by United States Department of Energy, 
but relies heavily on an open source community. Contributors hail from Sandia National Laboratories, 
Argonne National Laboratory, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Tech-X Corp, 
MIT, University of Utah, and more. The Babel development team maintain open software repositories, 
mailing lists, and issue trackers.

</doc>
<doc id="18907012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907012" title="L.A.con">
L.A.con

L.A.con is the name given to four of the six Worldcons held in or near Los Angeles, California. All four were held in Anaheim.

</doc>
<doc id="18907055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907055" title="The Green Helmet">
The Green Helmet

The Green Helmet is a 1961 British film starring Bill Travers, Ed Begley and Sid James. The film is centred around a British motor racing team. It is based on a novel by Australian author Jon Cleary.
Original novel.
Cleary wrote the original novel in the 1950s. He had written a book about Australian politics, "The Mayor's Nest", but his English publisher was worried it would not appeal to an international audience, and suggested a book on motor racing. Cleary and his wife had lived in Italy for a year and became familiar with the motor races there. He wrote it in Spain in twenty days at a chapter a day, and it became a best seller on its publication in 1957.
Production.
Film rights were bought by MGM who hired Cleary to adapt his own novel. Although most of the movie was set in Italy, it was shot in Wales. Sid James was cast as an Australian.
Reception.
Box Office.
According to MGM records the film earned $375,000 in the US and $575,000 internationally, making a profit of $124,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18907065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907065" title="Karch">
Karch

Karch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18907081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907081" title="Vyacheslav Shyrshov">
Vyacheslav Shyrshov

Vyacheslav ("Slava") Viktorovych Shyrshov () (born July 9, 1979) is a freestyle swimmer from Ukraine, who won the gold medal in the men's 50 metres freestyle event at the 2003 Summer Universiade in Daegu. He represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000 in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18907092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907092" title="Seagulls Over Sorrento">
Seagulls Over Sorrento

Seagulls Over Sorrento, released as Crest of the Wave in the United States, is a 1954 British wartime drama film made by the Boulting Brothers based on the play of the same name by Hugh Hastings. The film stars Gene Kelly and was one of three made by Kelly in Europe over an 18-month period to make use of frozen MGM funds. The cast features John Justin, Bernard Lee and Jeff Richards. Although the film finished shooting in July 1953, MGM could not release it in the UK until the play finished its London run, which delayed the film's release for almost a year.
Plot.
A small group of British sailors stationed on a Scottish island engaged in top-secret research on a new and dangerous torpedo are joined by a US Navy scientist, Lt. Brad Bradville (Gene Kelly), and his assistants. When several tests of the weapon fail, and men are killed, tensions within the group mount. Bradville must prove that the torpedo can work and win over the British, especially Lt. Rogert Wharton (John Justin), before the Admiralty pulls the plug on the project.
Cast.
Cast notes.
Bernard Lee played the same role in the London stage production.
Original Play.
The original stage play was written by Australian playwright Hugh Hastings and was based on his experiences in World War II. It opened in London's West End on 14 June 1950, and was a hit there, but played for only two weeks on Broadway in New York City. 
The play ran for over 1,600 performances in London. Film rights were sold to the Boulting Brothers for £10,000.
Production.
Because the play – in which all the characters were British, and the emphasis was more on the enlisted men than in the film – was a hit, MGM retained the title for the film everywhere except in the US and Canada, where the title "Crest of the Wave" was used.
Although set on a Scottish island, the movie was filmed on Jersey and at Fort Clonque on Alderney in the Channel Islands, with interiors filmed at MGM's British studios at Boreham Wood, Elstree. Production took place between 4 May and late July 1953.
Ernesto de Curtis's song "Torna a Sorrento" ("Come Back to Sorrento"), is performed on the concertina by David Orr, and was also used as background music throughout the film.
MGM was contractually obligated not to release the film until "Seagulls Over Sorrento" finished its West End run, which delayed the film's release until 13 July 1954, almost a year after filming completed. The film then premiered in New York City on 10 November of that year, and went into general American release on 6 December.
An Australian television production of the stage play was produced by Crawford Productions for Melbourne's HSV-7, airing on 1 May 1960. The cast included Brian James, Bill Hodge, Stuart Wagstaff, Frank Taylor, Peter Aanensen, Carl Bleazby, Don Crosby, Mark Kelly, and John Norman. Hodge, James, Taylor, and Bleazby had appeared in the 1952 J.C Williamson production of the play. A kinescope recording of the production exists
Reception.
According to MGM records the film earned $349,000 in the US and Canada and $59,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $58,000.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18907106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907106" title="Ethylhexyl triazone">
Ethylhexyl triazone

Ethylhexyl triazone (INCI) is an organic compound used in sunscreens to absorb UVB radiation. It is marketed as Uvinul T 150 by BASF. Ethylhexyl triazone has an absorption maximum of 314 nm.

</doc>
<doc id="18907108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907108" title="There Goes My Baby (Trisha Yearwood song)">
There Goes My Baby (Trisha Yearwood song)

"There Goes My Baby" is a song written by Annie Roboff and Arnie Roman, and recorded by American country music singer, Trisha Yearwood. It was released in April 1998 as the lead single from her studio album, "Where Your Road Leads." The song was the first single in which Yearwood acted as a co-producer, along with Tony Brown. The entire album the song came from was also produced by Yearwood and Brown together.
Content.
"There Goes My Baby" is a ballad written by Annie Roboff and Arnie Roman. The song tells the story of a woman who has just been dumped by her lover. She explains the lover loved her unselfishly and everyone knew how great of a man he was except herself. She realizes that she took the relationship for granted and refers to herself as a "fool" for doing so. In the chorus of the song, she explains how each night will be a lonely night and that his leaving is like the sun is falling out of the sky.
Critical reception.
Deborah Evans Price, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably, saying that the song has a "soaring chorus" and that it "gives her a chance to show off her range, and she delivers the perfect amount of emotional punch during the verses."
Music video.
A music video for the song was released in 1998 as well. The video featured a controversial scene at the beginning where Yearwood exits a bath and is seen returning to her bedroom to sit on the bed while wearing only a towel wrapped around her. As the video progresses, Yearwood is seen getting dressed and leaving the house, where she is eventually soaked by the pouring rain as her former lover passes by. It aired on CMT upon its official release. The video was a departure from the wholesome image of her previous videos. Yearwood has since admitted that she was very uneasy about her family (particularly, her father) seeing her in such a provocative fashion.
Chart performance.
"There Goes My Baby" was released in mid-1998, and peaked at number 2 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart later that year. It also became her first single since 1993 to reach a peak in the Billboard Hot 100 at number 93. The single would set the trend for Yearwood's next single to also chart among the Hot 100 also. 

</doc>
<doc id="18907121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907121" title="Jamsrangiin Sambuu">
Jamsrangiin Sambuu

Jamsrangiin Sambuu (; June 27, 1895–May 21, 1972) was a Mongolian politician and diplomat who, as chairman of the presidium of the Mongolian People's Republic People's Great Khural, served as the effective president of the Mongolian People's Republic from 1954 until his death in 1972.
Early life and career.
Sambuu was born in 1895 in what is now Büren sum of Töv Province. The son of a shepherd and cattle farmer, he became a clerk in local and provincial administrations at age 16. Following the outer Mongolian Revolution of 1921, he joined the Mongolian People's Party (MPP) and secured an important position in the Ministry of Finance in 1922. Aligning himself with the leftist faction of the party early on, Sambuu supported the purges and executions of both Dogsomyn Bodoo in 1922 and party leader Soliin Danzan in 1924. In 1926 he was named chief accountant for state receipts and expenditures and called for a tax hike on foreigners (i.e. Chinese merchants) to reduce their control of the economy. 
In 1928, the Seventh Party Congress ushered in the “Leftist Period.” Sambuu supported and played an active role in implementing Soviet backed leftist policies of more rapid collectivization, land expropriation, and persecution of the Buddhist Church. He was dispatched to Arkhangai Province in 1930 to oversee collectivization of herders and confiscation of property belonging to nobles and the Buddhist Church. When violent uprisings in western Mongolia forced the curtailment of such policies in 1932, Sambuu deftly avoided the political blowback for the debacle that felled many of the party's most extreme leftists including Ölziin Badrakh, Zolbingiin Shijee and Prime Minister Tsengeltiin Jigjidjav. Between 1932 and 1936 Sambuu went on to work in provincial party administrative offices in Dundgovi, and Ömnögovi Provinces. In 1936, he led a department in the Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock.
Diplomat.
Ambassador to the USSR.
Although he had no prior diplomatic experience (he had never traveled abroad), Sambuu was appointed Ambassador of the Mongolian People's Republic to Moscow in 1937, where he managed Mongolia's most important bilateral relationship. Sambuu had been an early supporter of Soviet leadership in Mongolian affairs (he often referred to the Soviet Union as Mongolia's "big brother") and was viewed by Mongolia's supreme leader Khorloogiin Choibalsan as someone he could depend on to carry out the party line without deviation. Throughout World War II Sambuu played a key role in funneling Mongolian monetary and material assistance to the Soviet Red Army fighting German troops. He also took a keen interesting in supporting Mongolian students (including future leader Yumjaagiin Tsedenbal) who were studying in Russia, seeing them as the key to Mongolia's future, and cultivated many of Mongolia's future diplomats. However, Sambuu was also his country's chief diplomatic representative during the Stalinist repressions in Mongolia during which several of Mongolia's top leaders arrested, transported to the Soviet Union and executed, many at the Butovo firing range just outside Moscow.
Advice to Herdsman.
Sambuu published his most popular work "Advice to Herdsmen" ("Malchdad Ökh Zövlölgöö") in 1945. The book contained advice on herding that Sambuu had collected from experts and local herders. It combined effective practices drawn from traditional folklore and modern scientific methods. The work was widely admired in Mongolia and was reprinted in 1999 and 2000 when Mongolian herders suffered through difficult winters.
Ambassador to the DPRK.
Returning to Mongolia with a heightened reputation from his wartime work with the Soviets and "Advice to Herdsmen", Sambuu was appointed Deputy Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1946. From 1950 to 1952 he served as Ambassador to Pyongyang ( DPRK ) during the height of the Korean War. From 1952 to 1954 he was Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs as well as (from 1953 to 1954) Vice Chairman of the Mongolian-Soviet Friendship Society.
President of Mongolia.
In 1951 Sambuu was elected to the Great People's Khural and on July 7, 1954 was named Chairman of the Presidium of the Great People's Khural (the largely ceremonial position of titular head of state or President of Mongolia - a position he would hold until his death). From 1954 Sambuu served concurrently in the Central Committee and as a member of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the MPRP.
Books.
In addition to "Advice to Herders", Sambuu also wrote "On the Question of Religion and Lamas" ("Shashin Ba Lam Naryn Asuudald") in 1961, and his autobiography "From Life's Path" ("Am'dralyn Zamnalaas"), published in two parts in 1965 and 1970.
Awards.
He was awarded the Order of Sükhbaatar medal four times, the Soviet Order of the Red Banner of Labour twice, the Order of the Polar Star as well as the Order of Lenin and the Lenin Peace Prize in 1966.
Death.
Sambuu died of cancer on May 21, 1972 at the age of 76 and was given a state funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="18907123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907123" title="2008 Friends Provident Trophy">
2008 Friends Provident Trophy

The 2008 Friends Provident Trophy was an English county cricket tournament, held between 20 April and 16 August 2008. The tournament was won by Essex.
Format.
Unlike in 2007, the 18 English counties, Ireland and Scotland were divided into four groups of five, based on geographical location. Each side played the other four teams home and away, with the top two sides from each group progressing to the quarter-final stage. A spokesman for the England and Wales Cricket Board, which instigated the changes, explained that the changes "provides more local derbies and less travel for players". The recommendations of the "Schofield Report"; an investigation into England's 5–0 Ashes defeat, were also cited as a cause for the changes.

</doc>
<doc id="18907125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907125" title="Flint &amp; Kent">
Flint &amp; Kent

Flint & Kent was an upscale department store based in Buffalo, New York. It had its roots in a dry good store opened in 1832 by Benjamin Fitch at 288 Main Street in that city. It was named Flint & Kent in 1865. In 1897, it moved to its flagship store at 554 Main Street, to a building that was designed by noted Buffalo architect Edward Austin Kent, who would perish on the "RMS Titanic". In 1954, the company was sold to Charles Jack Hahn, whose father owned Sattler's. The company was sold in 1956, to The Sample.

</doc>
<doc id="18907126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907126" title="Metal Office Furniture Company (Steelcase) Plants No. 2 and 3">
Metal Office Furniture Company (Steelcase) Plants No. 2 and 3

The Metal Office Furniture Company (Steelcase) Plants No. 2 and 3 are historic manufacturing plants in Grand Rapids, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="18907138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907138" title="Anthia sexguttata">
Anthia sexguttata

Anthia sexguttata, or the six-spot ground beetle, is a beetle of the Family Carabidae.
Appearance.
Adults measure approximately 4 cm (1.5 inches), are black with six relatively large, white, dorsal spots (four over the elytra and two on the thorax). Other patterns are possible although the pattern is always symmetrical.
The larva has a flattened form, a large head capsule, and prominent mandibles.
Distribution.
The species occurs in the drier parts of South Asia. It is common in the scrub forests of southern India.
Diet.
Adult "A. sexguttata" feed on other insects and snails.

</doc>
<doc id="18907146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907146" title="John Knight (died 1718)">
John Knight (died 1718)

Sir John Knight (died February 1718) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1689 to 1695.
Knight was the eldest surviving son of John Knight, of St Augustine’s Back, Bristol and his first wife called Parsons of Somerset. His father was a sugar refiner and a cousin of Sir John Knight MP for Bristol. He succeeded his father 1678.
Knight was appointed sheriff of Bristol in September 1681, and in this office he persecuted Dissenters, arousing great controversy in the city. He was presented to King Charles II in March at Newmarket and knighted on 12 March 1682. In April 1686 Knight alerted the mayor and the sheriffs of a Catholic meeting, resulting in the arrest of a priest. When the news reached the Catholic King James II's court of Knight's behaviour, he was arrested by late May and had to explain himself before the Privy Council. A writ of habeas corpus failed to release him but a Bristol jury acquitted him in November.
Having stood unsuccessfully at a by-election in December 1685, Knight was elected MP for Bristol in the Convention Parliament in 1689. He disagreed with the Whig doctrine that King James's flight from England had left the throne vacant. He therefore opposed making William and Mary monarchs.
In 1693 he opposed the Naturalisation Bill which aimed to grant English citizenship to foreign Protestants resident in England. In a speech against the Bill, Knight said: "Let us first kick the bill out of the House; and then let us kick the foreigners out of the kingdom". Knight's speech was printed as a pamphlet and tens of thousands of copies circulated. But when the House of Commons saw the pamphlet they voted it as a "false, scandalous, and seditious" and to be burnt by the hangman. Knight disclaimed all knowledge of the pamphlet.
Knight was called a "violent tory" by Narcissus Luttrell and a "coarse-minded and spiteful Jacobite, who, if he had been an honest man, would have been a nonjuror" by Thomas Babington Macaulay.
Knight married Anne Smith, daughter of Thomas Smith of Long Ashton and had a son and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="18907149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907149" title="Muhammad Emin Er">
Muhammad Emin Er

Muhammad Emin Er (c. 1914 – 27 June 2013) was an Islamic scholar trained in the Ottoman tradition and former student of Bediüzzaman Said Nursi. He was born in the Ottoman province of Diyarbakır and his family belonged to a Kurdish tribe called Miran.
Emin Er has published a large number of books in Arabic, focusing on the basic disciplines within Arabic linguistics (such as morphology, syntax, and logic), as well as more advanced disciplines (such as Islamic law, especially in relation to spiritual psychology, or Sufism). He has stated that a major goal of his scholarship is to adapt the traditional religious sciences of Islam to present-day needs and concerns.
Emin Er is known for statements concerning the compatibility of Islamic thought with the teachings of the Judeo-Christian tradition, in particular that the rigorous emulation of the life of the Prophet Muhammad necessarily leads the believer to the emulation of Jesus and Moses.

</doc>
<doc id="18907159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907159" title="The Glass Cage">
The Glass Cage

The Glass Cage can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18907167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907167" title="Rockwell Commander 112">
Rockwell Commander 112

The Rockwell Commander 112 is an American four-seat single-engined monoplane designed and built by North American Rockwell (later Rockwell International) in the 1970s. A further developed version was also built by Commander Aircraft as the Commander 114 series in the 1990s and early 2000s, and as of late 2008 the type was due to go into production again in the near future as a Commander 115 series. However, as of 2012, financial issues had delayed production indefinitely.
Development.
In 1970 Rockwell designed and built two versions of a four-seat low-wing monoplane, the fixed tricycle landing gear Commander 111 and the retractable tricycle landing gear Commander 112. The 111 was marketed at $17,950 and 112 at $22,100. Only two prototype Commander 111s were built; the company decided that only the Commander 112 would go into production. A prototype Commander 112 crashed after the tail failed during testing, which led to a redesign of the tail unit; this delayed the delivery of the first production aircraft until late in 1972.
The 112 prototype was powered by a 180 hp (134 kW) Lycoming O-360 engine; this was replaced by a 200 hp (149 kW) IO-360 engine in production aircraft. After 123 production aircraft had been built a number of improvements were made to the 112 in 1974, including an internally redesigned wing with increased fuel capacity and a 100 lb increase in maximum takeoff weight (MTOW) to 2,650 lb; 112s built to this standard were marketed as Commander 112As. After another 30 112s were built, Rockwell offered an option for increased fuel capacity (68 US gallon vs. 48 gallon standard tanks).
The 1976 Commander line introduced two new models, the Commander 112TC with a turbocharged engine of 210 hp and MTOW of 2,850 lb, and the Commander 114 with a six-cylinder Lycoming IO-540 engine of 260 hp. The 112, 112TC and 114 were all subsequently upgraded, to the 112B, 112TCA and 114A respectively. The final year of production was 1979, by which time the marketing name Alpine Commander was used for the 112TCA and Gran Turismo Commander for the 114A.
Following the end of production Rockwell sold the design rights to Gulfstream American in 1981 along with other designs in the Rockwell stable, but Gulfstream did not restart production as it was interested only in the Turbo Commander. 
In 1988 Gulfstream sold the rights to Randall Greene, who set up Commander Aircraft to provide support for existing aircraft and build new aircraft. The new aircraft were designated Commander 114Bs, with deliveries commencing in 1992. Production ceased again in 2002 after about 200 114Bs and turbocharged 114TCs had been built, and Commander Aircraft was subsequently liquidated. 
In 2005 the Commander Premier Aircraft Corporation (CPAC) was formed by over 50 owners of Commanders, in order to provide spare parts support for their aircraft. Commander Premier purchased the assets of Commander Aircraft from the bankruptcy trustee in mid-2005 and moved all production equipment from Oklahoma City to a new facility in Cape Girardeau, Missouri., with plans to build a new model in three variants; the Commander 115, the 115TC and the 115AT. CPAC was sold to Ronald G. Strauss in 2009, and was to fall under the ownership of Aero-Base, a firm which Strauss owned. While CPAC had failed to establish a stable aircraft manufacturing operation in the city-financed factory at the Cape Girardeau Regional Airport, it did at least manufacture parts and provide aircraft service. In October 2011, CPAC was evicted from its city-owned hangar for unpaid lease obligations. By May 2012, CPAC was back in bankruptcy, the deal by Canadian fiancier Strauss having failed to achieve traction, with an unnamed firm not associated with Strauss showing interest in purchasing the company.

</doc>
<doc id="18907169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907169" title="Western Australian state election, 1968">
Western Australian state election, 1968

Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 23 March 1968 to elect all 51 members to the Legislative Assembly and 15 members to the 30-seat Legislative Council. The Liberal-Country coalition government, led by Premier Sir David Brand, won a record fourth term in office against the Labor Party, led by Opposition Leader John Tonkin.

</doc>
<doc id="18907171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907171" title="Christoffer Sundby">
Christoffer Sundby

Christoffer Sundby is a Norwegian sailor and world champion.
He received a gold medal in the "Europe class" at the 1997 world championships.
He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney together with Vegard Arnhoff, where they finished thirteenth in the "49er class". At the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens he competed together with Frode Bovim, finishing fourth in the "49er class".

</doc>
<doc id="18907183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907183" title="Emochila">
Emochila

Emochila, Inc. is a Web 2.0 company that operates a custom website development service for Certified Public Accountants and lawyers. It was acquired in 2011 by Thomson Reuters. As of mid-year 2011, the company represents over 2600 individual, private firms throughout the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, and the Bahamas. This is approximately three percent (3%) of all registered private CPA firms licensed to practice in the United States. When combining Emochila.com and the CPA websites hosted for their customers, Emochila experiences over 1.2M unique visitors and 2.5M page visits annually. The name "mochila" is the Portuguese and Spanish word for "backpack".
History.
Emochila launched its namesake web site into the national market in August 2003 under the direction of founders Chad Brubaker and Justin Curzi, both of whom were living abroad in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The company utilized bootstrap funding to pay for the expenses of all software development, hosting, marketing, and sales. As of July 2009, Emochila has not utilized any venture capital and is still held 100% by the founders. Emochila expanded from its San Francisco roots to open a Houston, Texas office in March 2004, and an east coast office in Buenos Aires, Argentina in the second half of 2007. In 2009, Chad Brubaker was named a contributing author to both AccountingWEB and The Progressive Accountant, an online magazine from the editors of The CPA Technology Advisor. Additionally, Emochila was named the exclusive website affinity partner of the Ohio Society of Certified Public Accountants.
In December 2011, Emochila was acquired by Thomson Reuters for an undisclosed sum.
Secure file sharing.
Emochila was a pioneer and one of the first website template services to offer encrypted HTTPS protocol. Chad Brubaker was the head Internet Security consultant with PricewaterhouseCoopers Internet Security Group in 2000. After being loaned to DaimlerChrysler (now DaimlerAG), American Airlines, and Transora to build secure internal networks, Brubaker used open source software to construct the ability to template and include HTTPS protocol in a replicatable, turnkey environment. At market, Emochila realized the most traction in the Certified Public Accountant space because of QuickBooks, a bookkeeping software, and the CPAs interest in trading this file within a HTTPS environment.

</doc>
<doc id="18907194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907194" title="Gritman Medical Center">
Gritman Medical Center

Gritman Medical Center is a community hospital located in Moscow, ID in Latah County.

</doc>
<doc id="18907205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907205" title="The Glass Cage (1955 film)">
The Glass Cage (1955 film)

The Glass Cage, released in the United States under the title The Glass Tomb, is a 1955 British Film noir, directed by Montgomery Tully and starring John Ireland, Honor Blackman and Sid James. It was made by Hammer Film Productions.
Plot.
A carnival is interrupted by a couple of murders, causing the police to investigate.

</doc>
<doc id="18907206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907206" title="Junkers Ju 60">
Junkers Ju 60

__NOTOC__
The Junkers Ju 60 was a single engine airliner built in prototype form in Germany in the early 1930s. It was designed to meet a requirement issued by the "Reichsverkehrministerium" (Reich Transport Ministry) for a German-built equivalent to the Lockheed Vega with which to equip Deutsche Luft Hansa. The result was a sleek, cantilever monoplane of conventional configuration, with wings skinned in the corrugated duralumin that had been a hallmark of Junkers designs up to this time, although this would be the last Junkers aircraft to have this feature. The main units of the tailwheel undercarriage were retractable.
The Ju 60 was evaluated by Deutsche Luft Hansa against the Heinkel He 70. With the latter able to demonstrate a top speed 75 km/h (47 mph) better than the Ju 60, development of the Junkers design was halted before the third prototype had been completed. The two examples that had already been constructed eventually saw service with the "Luftwaffe" as liaison aircraft until 1942. The work done on the design would later form the basis of the Ju 160.

</doc>
<doc id="18907211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907211" title="Lebanese people in Ecuador">
Lebanese people in Ecuador

There is a significant number of people of Lebanese background in Ecuador. 
Migration history.
Migration from Lebanon to Ecuador started as early as 1875. Early impoverished migrants tended to work as independent sidewalk vendors, rather than as wage workers in agriculture or others' businesses. Though they emigrated to escape Ottoman Turkish oppression, they were called "Turks" by Ecuadorians because they carried Ottoman passports. There were further waves of immigration in the first half of the 20th century; by 1930, there were 577 Lebanese immigrants and 489 of their descendants residing in the country, primarily at Quito and Guayaquil.
Demography.
The number of Lebanese descendants in Ecuador is not too clear. A 1982 estimate from Lebanon's Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated 20,000, while another private estimate from 1986 put it as high as 97,500. They reside mostly in Quito and Guayaquil. They are predominantly of the Christian Catholic faith.
Notable people.
People of Lebanese background are very well represented in business and politics of the country. Some of them have reached the presidency and vice-presidency of Ecuador. Their prominence in politics provoked some backlash, with one politician warning of the "Bedouinization" of Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="18907222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907222" title="Skyhammer (Transformers)">
Skyhammer (Transformers)

Skyhammer is the name of several fictional characters in the Transformers series.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Skyhammer is high ranking Autobot who is described as a know-it-all do-gooder.
Animated series.
Skyhammer was created after the animated Transformers series ended in the US, so his only animated appearance was as in toy commercials for his toy. In it, he is seen fighting the Decepticon Roadblock.
Fun Publications.
Skyhammer appears in the 2012 BotCon "Invasion" lithograph by Casey Coller and Josh Perez.
In "Tranformers Invasion" Skyhammer is among the Autobots in Japan who help get people to safety from an Earthquake caused by "Shattered Glass" Ultra Magnus using the Terminus Blade.
Transformers: Universe.
Nineteen years after the original Skyhammer was released, Hasbro reused the name. This Skyhammer is a Decepticon allied Mini-Con who turns into a jet. His deco is similar to that of a G.I. Joe Rattler.
Transformers: Power Core Combiners.
Reviewers have commented how the head of Skyhammer looks like a Cylon from Battlestar Galactica.
When Maketoys released promotional images of their Missile Launcher Jungle Type toy they included photos of it combined with Skyhammer.

</doc>
<doc id="18907233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907233" title="Bugly">
Bugly

Bugly is a fictional character from the various Transformers series. He is a Decepticon Pretender.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Bugly is Decepticon Pretender, released as a toy in 1988. He is described as a deadly martial artist who is very cruel.
Reception.
Bugly is unusual for a Transformers because of his mysticism.
Marvel Comics.
Bugly and the other Decepticon Pretenders were presumably with the Scorponok's Decepticons through "" series, but were not depicted. His first appearance was in issue 40 of the U.S. comic in a story called "Pretender to the Throne", where Scorponok created the first six Decepticon Pretenders.
Bugly continued to appear after this as one of Scorponok's troops. Bugly appeared in issue #49, "The Underbase Saga Part 3: Cold War!" In this story he was a member of the Decepticon forces under Scorponok's command. They were tricked into fighting the Decepticon forces under Ratbat's command by Starscream, who used the battle to steal Scorponok's ship and get to the Underbase.
Bugly appeared in issue #50, "The Underbase Saga Part 3: Dark Star".
Bugly appeared in issue #54, "King Con!" In this story the Decepticon Pretenders were assigned to protect a power converter Scorponok was building in the meadowlands of New Jersey.
His last appearance in the U.S. Marvel series was in issue #55, "The Interplanetary Wrestling Championship!"
Dreamwave Productions.
Bugly was one of the members of the Chaos Trinity in the second "War Within" series.
When Megatron and Autobot leader Optimus Prime disappeared in an accident with a Space Bridge, the Autobot and Decepticon forces splintered into smaller factions. Bludgeon became leader of the Chaos Trinity, which was composed of him, Bugly, and Mindwipe. The Chaos Trinity was devoted to expanding its members' knowledge of the mystic arts. The Chaos Trinity acted as master manipulators, tricking others into doing their work for them. For instance, when Shockwave's faction developed Trypticon, the Chaos Trinity tipped off the Autobots under Prowl where it was being tested. The Chaos Trinity came into the service of the Fallen, an ancient Transformer who betrayed Primus and was now an agent of Unicron. The Fallen promised to expand their mystic powers in return for their loyalty, after threatening to kill them if they didn't join him. Attacking a meeting between Jetfire and Shockwave, hypnotising the former and incapacitating the latter, they were then beaten by Grimlock, who had come because he believed that Jetfire was betraying them. However, this was all part of a bigger set-up by the Fallen, who easily defeated the Dinobot leader. Then battling the Protectobots and kidnapping Hot Spot, the Trinity took him to the Fallen for an arcane ritual. However, they were attacked by Shockwave's Decepticons. Shockwave personally gunned down Mindwipe, with Bugly falling to a combined barrage. Bludgeon fled, but was blasted by a teleporting Skywarp.
IDW Publishing.
Bugly appeared amongst Bludgeon's acolytes "", as he and his followers kidnapped Jetfire and the Technobots, hoping to dissect them and use their parts to replicate the same grafting process that created Thunderwing, giving them their own Pretender shells. Hacking into the monster's mind Bludgeon implanted a subconscious suggestion for Thunderwing to seek out and destroy entire planets, believing their sacrifice would enable Cybertron to be reborn, before unleashing the monster on Nebulos. However, their plans were stopped by the Wreckers, who took out his cult. In desperation, Bludgeon underwent the grafting process only to find out, far too late, that the shell hadn't been neuro-aligned; the psychic backlash destroyed his mind.
Bugly and the Decepticon Pretenders seen here have completely different robot forms to their toys and bear resemblance to the original toys' Pretender shells.

</doc>
<doc id="18907239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907239" title="Kany García discography">
Kany García discography

This is a comprehensive listing of official releases by Kany García, a Puerto Rican Latin pop singer. Kany García has released three studio albums, nine singles, three promotional singles and eight music videos for Sony BMG.

</doc>
<doc id="18907242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907242" title="Gerard Moultrie">
Gerard Moultrie

Gerald Moultrie was a Victorian public schoolmaster and Anglican hymnographer born on September 16, 1829, at Rugby Rectory, Warwickshire, England. He died on April 25, 1885, Southleigh, England, aged 55.
Biography.
His father, John Moultrie was also a hymn writer. He was educated at Rugby School and Exeter College, Oxford. He received his BA in 1851 and his MA in 1856 from Oxford.
Taking Holy Orders, he held a number of positions, including chaplain of Shrewsbury School, curate of Brightwaltham, vicar of Southleigh and warden of St. James College of Southleigh. He wrote multiple hymns, along with some hymn translations, including Let All Mortal Flesh Keep Silence. His published works include:
He died April 25, 1885, Southleigh, England, aged 55.
Hymn lyrics.
Moultrie composed hymns of traditional Christian piety based on devotion to Mary the mother of Jesus, the Angelic Hosts and the Communion of Saints at the Eschaton in the vein of High Church reverence for the transcendent prevalent in the celebration of liturgy in his time. A sampling includes
The lyrics for which he is most renowned are his translation from the Greek of the Offertory chant of the Cherubic Hymn taken from the 4th century AD Byzantine Divine Liturgy of St. James, popularly known by the first line of the first verse ""Let All Mortal Flesh Keep Silence"" arranged by Ralph Vaughan Williams to the tune Picardy.

</doc>
<doc id="18907243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907243" title="Catilla">
Catilla

Catilla is a genus of fungus in the family Cyphellaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="18907246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907246" title="Snarler">
Snarler

Snarler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18907252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907252" title="1st Flying Training Centre">
1st Flying Training Centre

1st Training Centre (Polish: 1 Osrodek Szkolenia Lotniczego - 1.OSL) is a training unit of Polish Air Force directly under command of Polish Air Force Academy. Unit is stationed on 6th Air Base in Dęblin and operates various training aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="18907290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907290" title="Esmaeil Elmkhah">
Esmaeil Elmkhah

Esmaeil Elmkhah (, December 30, 1936 – 1989) was an Iranian weightlifter. He was born in Rasht.

</doc>
<doc id="18907291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907291" title="David Brett (footballer)">
David Brett (footballer)

David Brett (born 8 April 1961, Chester) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He played in The Football League for Chester City and enjoyed a long association with non–league side Colwyn Bay.
Playing career.
Brett represented Flintshire as a schoolboy and then became part of a Chester youth setup which also included Ian Rush and other future first team players such as Richie Gendall, Paul Needham and Peter Zelem. But he was not offered a professional contract at the end of his apprenticeship and he spent time playing for Colwyn Bay and in Chester Sunday League football before rejoining Chester on a part–time basis ahead of 1983–84. His made his league debut for Chester in a 1–1 draw with Northampton Town on the opening day of the season, with his first goal following against Bristol City on 31 December 1983.
His final appearance for Chester came in a 6–3 win at Preston North End on 12 October 1985, when he played the whole match despite suffering an eye injury. At the end of the season he returned to Colwyn Bay, where he would play for several years and became club captain. His spell back at the club included playing in a surprise Welsh Cup victory at Wrexham in 1992.
Away from football, Brett has worked as a heating and plumbing engineer.

</doc>
<doc id="18907294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907294" title="Terror Titans">
Terror Titans

The Terror Titans are a supervillain group in the DC Comics. They are a mirror group to the Teen Titans, composed of "legacy" villains. They first appeared as a team in "Teen Titans" #56 (February 2008), though Clock King and Dreadbolt appeared in shadow form at the end of #55.
Publication history.
The Terror Titans first appeared in "Teen Titans" #56, the first in Sean McKeever's Terror Titans story arc. Subsequently,
a six-part "Terror Titans" limited series was released October 2008 with Joe Bennett on art duties.
Fictional team biography.
The Terror Titans make their first strike as Kid Devil throws an impromptu party at Titans Tower. Dreadbolt, in his civilian identity, plants several surveillance/teleportation/jamming devices around the tower, and later lures Kid Devil into an ambush. Kid Devil is defeated and captured by the Terror Titans. Copperhead, Persuader and Disruptor then infiltrate the tower and attack Ravager. During the battle, a gas line is ruptured, destroying a portion of the tower. Disruptor is then sent to capture Miss Martian, who is thrown into a ring with Kid Devil, whom Clock King had been conditioning into a bestial savage, to be sold to "The Dark Side Club". Clock King attempts to close the deal with "Boss Dark Side", but is refused on the grounds that he promised all the Titans. The Terror Titans return to base, and Ravager, who survived the explosion, follows them. Back at the Tower, Robin triggers a message in one of Clock King devices. The message tells him to bring all the remaining Titans to an abandoned church. Meanwhile, Eddie and M'gann have been imprisoned within a cell. M'gann discover that Fever has also been captured, and Eddie is brought to the ring to fight Hardrock. When the rest of the Titans arrive at the church, Dreadbolt and Disruptor teleport Wonder Girl and Blue Beetle into the clutches of their teammates. Robin takes on Clock King, only to discover that his foe has the precognitive ability to see 4.6692 seconds into the future. Able to predict the Boy Wonder's every move, Clock King soundly defeats Robin, and prepares to stab him with a knife. Within the Dark Side Club's arena, Eddie, with help from Megan's telepathy, manages to regain his rational mind, and the two escape. As Wonder Girl is being badly beaten by Disruptor and Persuader, Rose saves her, and Blue Beetle, having defeated Dreadbolt and Copperhead, joins them in helping Robin. Ravager attacks Clock King, only to find that her precognitive abilities are in perfect synch with his. Clock King offers her a chance to join him, but she turns him down; as the Titans prepare to attack as one Clock King removes them from his base, and begins planning anew. 
Some time later, Clock King takes over the Dark Side Club, planning to use the brainwashed young metahumans for his own plans. Ravager, who had accepted Clock King's offer, helps to train the Terror Titans physically, as Clock King trains them mentally. He has Dreadbolt kill his father and take his name, reunites Persuader with her father, then kills him, and has Copperhead care for an injured combatant named TNTeena, earning her trust, then has him kill her. All this was Clock King's way of conditioning the Terror Titans into ruthless soldiers. It is eventually revealed that Clock King has made the brainwashed metahumans into his own Martyr Militia, and set them on Los Angeles, having them destroy the city simply for his own amusement. Ravager, disgusted, turns against the Terror Titans, and with Miss Martian, who had been posing as one of the combatants, frees the brainwashed metahumans, who turn on the Terror Titans. They come to Clock King for help, but instead he kills Disruptor and leaves the rest at the mercy of the incoming metahumans. Ravager confronts Clock King, and manages to defeat him, although she is unable to keep him from escaping. The three remaining Terror Titans escape from custody two weeks later, and set out to get revenge on Clock King.
Characters.
The team are taking up the mantle of other older supervillains, as McKeever explains: "what I've done with the Terror Titans is create a team of bad teenagers using the idea of legacy characters"
At the end of "Teen Titans" #60 Ravager left the Teen Titans and will have a role in the limited series although, according to McKeever, not necessarily as part of the team: "She won't necessarily be on the Terror Titans team, but she's front and center in the Terror Titans mini-series. It really is like she's sharing the mini-series with the Terror Titans.". Eventually, during the series she's convinced by Clock King to take part in the Dark Side Club and train the Terror Titans, not by mind control but out of simple persuasion, but still keeps a hidden agenda, and not everyone in the Terror Titans team trust her fully

</doc>
<doc id="18907332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907332" title="Aguedal">
Aguedal

Aguedal is a village in the commune of El Ouata, in Béchar Province, Algeria. The village is located on the northeast bank of the Oued Saoura southeast of El Ouata. It is connected to El Ouata by a local road along the side of the river, along with the other villages Ammas, El Maffa and El Beïda.
References.
Neighbouring towns and cities

</doc>
<doc id="18907340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907340" title="TBK">
TBK

TBK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18907374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907374" title="Bedřich Antonín Wiedermann">
Bedřich Antonín Wiedermann

Bedřich Antonín Wiedermann (November 10, 1883, Ivanovice na Hané, Moravia – November 5, 1951, Prague) was a Czech organist, composer, and teacher.
He spent his early years in study under Josef Klička and Vítězslav Novák, and taught such notable pupils as Jiří Ropek, Bedřich Janáček, and Josef Černocký. Wiedermann gained great reputation as an organist, he performed in England (1924), New York (1924), Germany (1925), Sweden (1926), and Belgium (1935).
Selected works.
His compositional output comprises 350 opus numbers of varied instrumentation and vocal formations.
Organ
Violin
Songs
Choirs
Cantatas
Sacred Music

</doc>
<doc id="18907383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907383" title="2nd Flying Training Centre">
2nd Flying Training Centre

2nd Training Centre (Polish: 2 Osrodek Szkolenia Lotniczego - 2.OSL) is a training unit of Polish Air Force. Unit is stationed in 1st Airport Station in Radom and operates PZL-130 trainer.

</doc>
<doc id="18907389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907389" title="Sernada do Vouga">
Sernada do Vouga

Sernada do Vouga is a small Portuguese village in the parish of Macinhata do Vouga, in Águeda Municipality in Aveiro District.
Placed a few meters, downstream, of the estuary of Caima River and is bathed by Vouga River. Since the beginning of the 20th century, a centre for railroad activity, through the construction of Linha do Vale do Vouga and its location at the junction of the three 'legs' of the route, i.e. Espinho, Aveiro and Viseu. With the closure, in January 1990, of the link Sernada - Viseu, it lost part of its role but it retains the EMEF workshop for the Vouga line's rolling stock. The Vouga Line is now Portugal's only active narrow-gauge railway and is under threat of closure.
To see.
Fluvial beach, the area of sport fishing, the railway station, the dedicated chapel to Sait Amaro, and the primary school.
Some fountains are also interest, detaching that is found in main square.
As curiosity, they are the bridges: on the river Vouga, with special characteristic the fact that is for mixed traffic (sharing in the same level the rail and road traffic, having barriers that cut the road traffic when trains are using the bridge); and on the river Caima (reconverted bridge from rail traffic to road traffic).

</doc>
<doc id="18907392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907392" title="Luigerahu">
Luigerahu

Luigerahu is a small, moraine-based Baltic Sea island that belongs to the country of Estonia.
Luigerahu covers approximately 0.2 hectares and lies half a kilometer off the western coast of the island of Ahelaid. The island is adiministered by Hiiu County, and along with a number of other islands, makes up the Hiiumaa Islets Landscape Reserve ().

</doc>
<doc id="18907397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907397" title="Discon">
Discon

Discon is the name given to the two Worldcons held in Washington, D.C..

</doc>
<doc id="18907410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907410" title="Campbell's Kingdom">
Campbell's Kingdom

"Campbell's Kingdom" is a 1957 British adventure film directed by Ralph Thomas, based on the 1952 novel of the same name by Hammond Innes. The film stars Dirk Bogarde and Stanley Baker, with Michael Craig, Barbara Murray, James Robertson Justice and Sid James in support. The story is set in Alberta, Canada, and largely follows the principles of the Northwestern genre of film-making.
Plot.
Recently diagnosed with a terminal disease, Bruce Campbell (Dirk Bogarde) unexpectedly finds himself the owner of a small valley in the Canadian Rocky Mountains as the result of a bequest from his grandfather. After travelling from England, Bruce arrives at "Campbell's Kingdom" (as the locals disparagingly call it) to find its existence under threat from the construction of a new hydroelectricity dam. Convinced that his grandfather was right and that the Kingdom may be prospective for oil, the race is on to prove that there is oil under Campbell's Kingdom before the mining company building the dam can flood the valley. Standing in his way is corrupt construction contractor Owen Morgan (Stanley Baker), who resorts to dirty tricks in order to prevent Campbell from succeeding in his quest. However, Bruce is ably and enthusiastically assisted by love interest Jean Lucas (Barbara Murray), geologist Boy Bladen (Michael Craig) and drilling contractor James MacDonald (James Robertson Justice). Unfortunately for Campbell the residents of the nearby town of Come Lucky invested heavily in his grandfather's schemes, only to feel cheated when his projects came to nothing. Gradually Bruce manages to turn them around by exposing the fraud and lies of Morgan and the mining company.
Production.
Although the story is set in Alberta, the landscape exteriors were shot in the Italian Dolomites and the rest was shot at Pinewood Studios outside London.

</doc>
<doc id="18907412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907412" title="Artistic gymnastics at the Summer Olympics">
Artistic gymnastics at the Summer Olympics

Artistic gymnastics has been contested at the Summer Olympics since the first modern Olympic games in Athens. Thirty-three distinct nations have won medals at the Olympics. Athletes representing the former Soviet Union have captured 200 medals (including medals won by the Unified Team at Barcelona), almost 25% of the total medal count; Athletes representing Japan, the United States, Germany, and Romania have captured a further 35% of awarded medals in artistic gymnastics. 

</doc>
<doc id="18907448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907448" title="Wicked as They Come">
Wicked as They Come

Wicked as They Come (Portrait in Smoke in the United States) is a 1956 British film starring Arlene Dahl, Philip Carey and Herbert Marshall. The film was directed by Ken Hughes.
Plot.
Poor girl from the slums Katherine Allenbourg trades on her looks. She enters a beauty contest, then charms the elderly gentleman running it, Sam Lewis, into fixing it so she will win first prize, a trip to Europe. She promptly abandons Sam.
Changing her name to Kathy Allen, she is attracted to Tim O'Bannion, a passenger on the plane to London who works for an ad agency. But she's determined to land someone wealthier and photographer Larry Buckham fills the bill. Invited to use his charge account at a department store for a wedding dress, Kathy makes many purchases, pawns the merchandise and leaves Larry without a word.
She gets a job at Tim's advertising firm and seduces the married Stephen Collins, who runs it. Tim arouses more passion in her, but Kathy's strictly out for herself. She demands Collins divorce his wife Virginia, whose father John Dowling owns the agency. Virginia tries to pay her off, but Kathy requests a transfer to the agency's Paris headquarters, where she immediately uses her wiles to get Dowling to marry her.
Anonymous threats begin by mail and phone. Someone in the shadows begins stalking her. Kathy picks up a gun and shoots, killing her husband instead. No one believes her tale of a prowler and Kathy is tried, convicted and sentenced to die.
Tim realizes that it is Larry who is behind all this. He reveals an explanation for Kathy's cruel treatment of men, the fact that she was brutally assaulted as a girl. Larry has a change of heart and confesses to stalking her. Kathy's prison sentence is reduced, and she hopes Tim will give her another chance once she gets out.

</doc>
<doc id="18907458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907458" title="Tonatiuh">
Tonatiuh

In Aztec mythology, Tonatiuh (Nahuatl: Ōllin Tōnatiuh "Movement of the Sun") was the sun god. The Aztec people considered him the leader of Tollan, heaven. He was also known as the fifth sun, because the Aztecs believed that he was the sun that took over when the fourth sun was expelled from the sky. 
Description.
Aztec theology held that each sun was a god with its own cosmic era, the Aztecs believed they were still in Tonatiuh's era. According to the Aztec creation myth, the god demanded human sacrifice as tribute and without it would refuse to move through the sky. It is said that 20,000 people were sacrificed each year to Tonatiuh and other gods, though this number is thought to be inflated either by the Aztecs, who wanted to inspire fear in their enemies, or the Spaniards, who wanted to vilify the Aztecs. The Aztecs were fascinated by the sun and carefully observed it, and had a solar calendar similar to that of the Maya. Many of today's remaining Aztec monuments have structures aligned with the sun.
In the Aztec calendar, Tonatiuh is the lord of the thirteen days from 1 Death to 13 Flint. The preceding thirteen days are ruled over by Chalchiuhtlicue, and the following thirteen by Tlaloc.

</doc>
<doc id="18907470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907470" title="Diethylamino hydroxybenzoyl hexyl benzoate">
Diethylamino hydroxybenzoyl hexyl benzoate

Diethylamino hydroxybenzoyl hexyl benzoate (INCI) is an organic compound used in sunscreens to absorb UVA radiation. It is marketed as Uvinul A Plus by BASF. DHHB has an absorption maximum of 354 nm.
DHHB has excellent photostability and compatibility with other UV absorbers and other cosmetic ingredients.
DHHB has been approved for the use in sunscreens in the European Union since 2005 with a maximum of 10 per cent and is also approved in South America, Mexico, Japan and Taiwan. In the United States it can be used for product protection.

</doc>
<doc id="18907500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907500" title="Soi Arab">
Soi Arab

Soi Arab is an alleyway in Bangkok. It is a center for Middle Eastern visitors and expatriates, with numerous Arabic restaurants and shops. The official name of the street is Sukhumvit Soi 3/1, located in North Nana between Sukhumvit Soi 3 and Sukhumvit Soi 5, not far from the Nana Plaza night-life area and the Grace Hotel popular among Arabs. Several restaurants in the area offer outdoors water pipe smoking, and shops offer expensive agarwood for sale.

</doc>
<doc id="18907532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907532" title="Ramsbottom Rides Again">
Ramsbottom Rides Again

Ramsbottom Rides Again is a 1955 British western comedy film starring Arthur Askey as the title hero Bill Ramsbottom, with Sid James, pop singer Frankie Vaughan (in his movie debut) and Campbell Singer in supporting roles.
It was included by John Howard Reid in his book "Great Hollywood Westerns".

</doc>
<doc id="18907535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907535" title="Taylorville, Alberta">
Taylorville, Alberta

Taylorville is an unincorporated community in Cardston County, Alberta, Canada. It is located on Highway 501 ten miles southeast of Cardston. The first school opened May 17, 1900 and then later served as a chapel for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).

</doc>
<doc id="18907541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907541" title="Zeta Phoenicis">
Zeta Phoenicis

Zeta Phoenicis (ζ Phe, ζ Phoenicis) is a 280 light-year distant star in the constellation Phoenix. It is an Algol-type eclipsing binary star and its apparent magnitude fluctuates between 3.9 and 4.4 with a period of 1.66977 days. Zeta Phoenicis is most likely a four-star system: it has two other telescopic components with an apparent magnitude of 7.2 and 8.2 at an angular separation of 0.8 and 6.4 arcseconds from the main pair.

</doc>
<doc id="18907551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907551" title="Crest of the Wave">
Crest of the Wave

Crest of the Wave may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18907552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907552" title="Hans-Ulrich Grapenthin">
Hans-Ulrich Grapenthin

Hans-Ulrich Grapenthin (born September 2, 1943) is a German former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for FC Carl Zeiss Jena in 308 Oberliga matches. He was an East Germany international between 1975 and 1981, winning 21 caps, and was part of the gold-medal winning squad at the 1976 Olympics. He was East German Footballer of the Year in 1980 and 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18907553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907553" title="Marceline, Pasadena, California">
Marceline, Pasadena, California

Marceline is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California, whose central feature is Pasadena City College. It has an area of roughly half a square mile and is bordered by Walnut Street to the north, Orlando Road to the south, Hill Avenue to the west, and Allen Avenue to the east. The neighborhood is named for a short-lived railroad cutoff which ran through the center of the neighborhood at the turn of the 20th century.
Landmarks.
The vast majority of commercial activity is centered around the PCC Campus, especially on Colorado Boulevard. There are no parks in the neighborhood, though Marceline borders the Huntington Library.
Transportation.
The Metro Gold Line has a station on Allen Avenue, two blocks from Marceline's edge. Pasadena City College is the eastern terminus of Metro Rapid line 780, and Metro Local lines 177, 180, 181, 256, 267, and 687 run through the neighborhood, as well as Pasadena ARTS routes 10 and 60 and Foothill Transit route 187.

</doc>
<doc id="18907595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907595" title="Peder Christian Hersleb Kjerschow">
Peder Christian Hersleb Kjerschow

Peder Christian Hersleb Kjerschow (29 June 1786 - 24 November 1866) was a Norwegian clergyman.
He was a bishop in the State Church of Norway for twenty-seven years; first in the Diocese of Tromsø from 1830 to 1848 and later in the Diocese of Bjørgvin from 1848 to 1857. Before his appointment as bishop, he was vicar in Aker. His father, who was a vicar in Brønnøy, had migrated to Norway from Jutland.
Peder Kjerschow married Johanne Benedicte Collett (1802-1851), daughter of mining director Christian Ancher Collett and cousin of Peter Jonas and Johan Christian Collett. They had seven children of which two died young. Their son Christian Collett Kjerschow became a County Governor, while their daughter married businessman Jacob Andreas Michelsen. His grandson Peter Christian Hersleb Kjerschow Michelsen was named after him, but is better known as Christian Michelsen, statesman and Prime Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="18907597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907597" title="Campbell Singer">
Campbell Singer

Campbell Singer (16 March 1909 - March 1976) was a British character actor who featured in a number of film and television roles during his long career.
He was a regular in British post-war comedy films, often playing policemen. From the early 1960s he switched to appearing in more television roles. He made two appearances in different roles in the popular television show Dad's Army, including a corrupt politician Sir Charles McAllister. He also featured as Mr Finney in a "Some Mothers Do Ave Em" Christmas Special, and played a lodger in an episode of On the Buses (The Lodger).

</doc>
<doc id="18907616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907616" title="Susumu Yokota discography">
Susumu Yokota discography

Susumu Yokota is a Japanese electronic music composer. He has released under many aliases, often switching between different aliases for different record labels.

</doc>
<doc id="18907623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907623" title="Polita Grau">
Polita Grau

Polita Grau (born Maria Leopoldina Grau-Alsina on 19 November 1915 in Havana, Cuba - 22 March 2000 in Miami, Florida) was a First Lady of Cuba, a Cuban political prisoner, and the "godmother" of Operation Peter Pan, a program to help children leave Cuba.
Family life.
Grau was the daughter of Paulina Alsina and Francisco Grau-San Martin. Her siblings were Paulina Grau-Alsina, Francisco Grau-Alsina (a Senator of Cuba), and Ramon Grau-Alsina (a Representative of Cuba). Her uncle, Ramon Grau-San Martin, was President of Cuba from 1933–1934 and again from 1944-1948. She served as first lady of Cuba during her uncle’s presidencies. She was married twice, first to Roberto Lago-Pereda and then in 1939 to Jose Aguero-Cairo. She had two children, Ramon Francisco (who married Zoila de la Torre) and Hilda Maria Aguero-Grau.
Politics.
Grau was involved in politics from her adolescence and spent four separate periods in exile. She opposed the Machado regime and the Batista regimes. She later supported the Cuban Revolution, but then opposed the Castro regime.
In 1961, Grau and her brother Ramon, along with Monsignor Bryan O. Walsh of the Archdiocese of Miami, started Operation Peter Pan. From 1961-1965, they helped more than 14,000 children leave Cuba without their parents, and later assisted with giving out 28,000 visas to those children's parents.
In 1965, Grau and her brother Ramon were accused of being CIA spies because of their work in Operation Peter Pan. She was also accused of involvement in a plot to poison Castro with a milkshake. They were tried, and each was sentenced to 30 years in prison. Grau was released after serving 14 years in prison, and her brother Ramon was released after serving 21 years. She was released during the wider release of political prisoners in 1978, thanks to the assistance of Bernardo Benes.
She died at the Villa Maria Nursing Center located on the grounds of Mercy Hospital in Coconut Grove, Miami, Florida, of congestive heart disease.
In 2008, the City of Miami named a street after her: "Ramon and Polita Grau-Alsina Avenue".

</doc>
<doc id="18907626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907626" title="Nevada Attorney General">
Nevada Attorney General

The Nevada Attorney General is the top legal officer for the state of Nevada. The functions of the office are set forth in Nevada Revised Statutes, Chapter 228. The Attorney General represents the people of Nevada in civil and criminal matters before trial, appellate and the supreme courts of Nevada and the United States. The Attorney General also serves as legal counsel to state officers and, with few exceptions, to state agencies, boards and commissions.
The Attorney General may also work with or help district attorneys, local law enforcement, and federal and international criminal justice agencies in the administration of justice. In addition, the Attorney General establishes and operates projects and programs to protect Nevadans from fraud or illegal activities that target consumers or threaten public safety, and enforces laws that safeguard the environment and natural resources.
Under the state Constitution, the Attorney General is elected to a four-year term. To meet its statutory obligations the office is divided into the following:
The current Nevada Attorney General is Catherine Cortez Masto, who succeeded George Chanos.

</doc>
<doc id="18907627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907627" title="Jean Michel Claude Richard">
Jean Michel Claude Richard

Jean Michel Claude Richard (August 16, 1787 - 1868) was a noted French botanist and plant collector active in Senegal, Madagascar, Mauritius, and Réunion, and a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur.
Richard was born in Volon, Haute-Saône. He was sent to Senegal in 1816 as the colony's gardener-in-chief, but served without obvious distinction until the arrival in 1822 of Baron Jacques-François Roger (1787-1849) who entrusted to Richard the creation of an experimental garden on the left bank of the Sénégal River, near the village of Nghiao, and named it "Richard Toll" (toll means "garden" in the Wolof language). Richard was responsible for all plants, buildings, and facilities, and under his direction a number of new species were introduced to Senegal, including bananas, manioc, oranges, sugar cane, and coffee. In February 1824 Richard was sent to Cayenne. Directed on July 30, 1824 to keep a diary of his experiences, he developed a catalog of the garden's species, and left Senegal in 1825.
In January 1831 Richard became second director of the Jardin du Roy (now the Jardin de l'État) in the Île Bourbon (now Réunion), succeeding Nicolas Bréon. Under his leadership the garden achieved its golden age. He introduced some 3,000 plant species to the colony, by his reckoning, while studying cryptogams, ferns, and orchids. He also sent lichens from Mauritius to the German specialist Ferdinand Christian Gustav Arnold (1828-1901).
In retrospect, Richard's life has been marred by controversy. In 1841, when the young slave Edmond Albius (1829-1880) discovered the process of artificial insemination of vanilla, Richard claimed to have discovered the technique three or four years earlier. His story created serious doubts about Albius' claims, despite the support for Albius of Féréol Marie Bellier de Beaumont (1759-1831), naturalist Eugene Volcy Focard, and Méziaires of Lepervanche. By the end of the 20th century, Albius was considered the true discoverer.

</doc>
<doc id="18907634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907634" title="Gwamegi">
Gwamegi

Gwamegi is a Korean half-dried Pacific herring or Pacific saury made during winter. It is mostly eaten in the region of North Gyeongsang Province such as Pohang, Uljin, and Yeongdeok where a large amount of the fish are harvested. Guryongpo Harbor in Pohang is the most famous.
Fresh herring or saury is frozen at -10 degrees celsius and is placed outdoors in December to repeat freezing at night and defreezing in the day. The process continues until the water content of the fish drops to approximately 40%.
There are records of "gwamegi" in the Joseon era document "Ohjuyeonmunjangjeonsango" (hangul:오주연문장전산고, hanja:五洲衍文長箋算稿) which mentions: "herring is smoked in order to prevent rotting". In another document "Gyuhapcheongseo" (hangul:규합총서, hanja:閨閤叢書), it is written: "herring with clear eyes are chosen to be dried, which give an unusual taste".
The city of Pohang holds an annual Gwamegi Festival to promote the local specialty food.

</doc>
<doc id="18907649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907649" title="Linha do Vouga">
Linha do Vouga

Linha do Vouga "(the Vouga line)" is the last surviving metre gauge railway line in Portugal still operated by Comboios de Portugal. The other remaining metre gauge lines (the Corgo, Tâmega and Tua lines) all closed in 2009. The line is, however, also under the threat of closure.
The Vouga line serves Aveiro, Agueda, Sernada do Vouga, Albergaria-a-Velha, Oliveira de Azeméis, São João da Madeira, Santa Maria da Feira, and Espinho.
Since 2002, services on the line have largely been operated by CP's Série 9630 diesel multiple units, which replaced the previous ex-Yugoslav Série 9700 diesel multiple units and the Dutch-built Série 9300 railcars.
The section between Sernada do Vouga and Viseu is closed.
History.
After the line was opened by Manuel II of Portugal in 1908, the Companhia do Vale do Vouga operated it from 1907 to 1946. The first section, between Espinho and Oliveira de Azeméis, opened to traffic on 21 December 1908; the next section to be completed was between Ul and Albergaria-a-Velha. The line between this location and Macinhata Vouga, and the Aveiro extension, opened on 8 September 1911. The remainder of the line opened in 1913.
On 30 December 1946, it was nationalised and taken over by the CP.

</doc>
<doc id="18907666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907666" title="Shutlanger">
Shutlanger

Shutlanger is a small village and civil parish in south Northamptonshire, England. The village is east of Towcester and south of Northampton. 
In 1881 Shutlanger parish's total population was 403. In 1901 it was 339 and by 1971 it had dropped to 233. At the time of the 2001 census, it was 270 people.
There was a great medieval house here called the Monastery, but it was just a house and not a monastery in the normal sense. The village is close to Stoke Park Pavilions and originally part of the Stoke Park estate with the first Palladian-style English country house.
Shutlanger has its own Parish Council and belongs to the church grouping with Stoke Bruerne and Grafton Regis. The village has a pub (named The Plough) and a village hall. The nearest primary school and church are at Stoke Bruerne one mile east of Shutlanger.

</doc>
<doc id="18907674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907674" title="Atractopyge">
Atractopyge

Atractopyge is a genus of trilobite that lived in what would be Asia and Europe from the middle Ordovician to the early Devonian from 472—412.3 mya, existing for approximately .
Taxonomy.
"Atractopyge" was named by Hawle and Corda (1847). It was assigned to "Phacopida" by Sepkoski (2002); and to "Encrinuridae" by Jell and Adrain (2003).
Fossil distribution.
Fossil distribution is confined to the strata of the Early Llanvirn to Rawtheyan ages. Fossils have been recovered from Yunnan Province, China to the Stinchar River, United Kingdom to Ringerike, Norway.
History.
A cranidium of "Atractopyge" was already illustrated by the Welsh scientist Edward Lhuyd in 1698.

</doc>
<doc id="18907677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907677" title="Yusuf bin Alawi bin Abdullah">
Yusuf bin Alawi bin Abdullah

Yusuf bin Alawi bin Abdullah, Arabic: يوسف بن علوي بن عبد الله (born 1945 in Salalah) is an Omani politician. He has been the Minister of Foreign Affairs since 1982.
Alawi studied and worked in Kuwait. In 1970 he met sultan Qaboos bin Said al Said for the first time, shortly after his take-over. From 1973 till 1974 he was ambassador in Beirut and in 1974 he became Secretary of State.

</doc>
<doc id="18907709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907709" title="Rosensaft">
Rosensaft

Rosensaft is a German surname which may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18907710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907710" title="The Anatomy of Power">
The Anatomy of Power

The Anatomy of Power is a 1983 book by Harvard economist John Kenneth Galbraith. It sought to classify three types of power: "compensatory power" in which submission is bought, "condign power" in which submission is won by making the alternative sufficiently painful, and "conditioned power" in which submission is gained by persuasion. It further divided power by source: power either stems from "personality" or leadership, "property" or wealth, or "organisation".
The book goes on to detail a brief history of the use of power, noting the broad arc of history in moving away from condign and towards compensatory and then conditioned power, and from personality and property towards organisation. Finally, it details what Galbraith views as the main sources of power in the modern world: government, the military, religion and the press.

</doc>
<doc id="18907723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907723" title="Cheri Maracle">
Cheri Maracle

Cheri Maracle is a Canadian actress and musician. A member of the Six Nations of the Grand River First Nation, she is best known for her roles in the television series "Blackfly" and "Moccasin Flats", the 2007 film "Tkaronto" and stage productions of Tomson Highway's "Ernestine Shuswap Gets Her Trout".
As a musician, she has performed as a backing vocalist for Jerry Alfred and the Medicine Beat, Tamara Podemski and Sandy Scofield, and as both a lead and supporting vocalist for Tiyoweh and The Showbiz Indians.

</doc>
<doc id="18907724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907724" title="Australops">
Australops

Australops is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida, which existed in what is now Argentina. It was described by Baldis in 1972, and the type species is "Australops australis".

</doc>
<doc id="18907738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907738" title="Independent Schools Association">
Independent Schools Association

Independent Schools Association may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18907749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907749" title="Gilli (prime minister)">
Gilli (prime minister)

Gilli was the first Prime Minister of the Faroe Islands. He served in that capacity beginning around 1000, and continuing until an unknown date. Little else is known about him.

</doc>
<doc id="18907752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907752" title="Jan Chipchase">
Jan Chipchase

Jan Chipchase is the Executive Creative Director of Global Insights at Frog Design, leading the firm’s global research practice in both mainstream and emerging markets.
Before joining Frog Design in 2010, Chipchase was Principal Scientist at Nokia, based out of Tokyo but frequently traveling. The goal of his research was to understand the ways technology works in different cultures, with a focus on understanding technology 3 to 15 years out. out. He mostly consults for Fortune 500 companies and their local equivalents. He is widely considered a thought leader in the space of consumer and user behaviour, and how insights can be applied to the innovation process.
Most of Chipchase's research is commissioned by commercial clients and confidential.
He has lived in London, Berlin, San Francisco, Shanghai, Los Angeles, and almost a decade in Tokyo. To date, he holds 25 patents granted and pending.
Early life and education.
Chipchase was born in London to a German mother and British father. He was raised in London, Brighton, and Berlin. 
Chipchase received a BA in Economics and a MSc in User Interface Design from London Guildhall University. He has described himself as a "failed economist" and a "failed academic".
Publications.
Chipchase rarely publishes formal research papers, citing a disinterest in "trying shoe-horn ‘life’ into lifeless journal submission formats." 
In 2010, Chipchase published "Mobile Money Afghanistan," a report on the nascent use of money through mobile phones.
In 2011, Chipchase published the results of an 6-month experiment "Red Mat" to explore the dynamics of crowd-sourcing in China. The expermient engaged hundreds of people in the act of making a giant Chinese flag out of pieces sourced from across China, without revealing what they were making to the participants. The experiment explores the question of whether it’s possible to engage hundreds of people in an act of subversion without any of the people knowing what they are subverting against, until that moment when the subversive act becomes clear. The experiment explores notions of nationalism, the state, morality, corporate ethics and behavior.
Chipchase has written for numerous international publications including Die Zeit, The Atlantic, Fast Company, National Geographic and a monthly column for China's Economic Observer, with his field-photography also appearing in GEO magazine. His book Hidden in Plain Sight, published by Harper Business, will be released in April 2013.
Appearances and advisory roles.
Chipchase has presented his work at the TED Conference, the World Bank, Pop!Tech, International CES, and The Economist’s Human Potential Conference. 
His research has been featured in the New York Times Magazine, Businessweek, and The Economist, among others. 
In 2010, Fortune Magazine featured Chipchase as a prominent designer in "The Smartest People in Tech". 
He sits on advisory boards for several organizations, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="18907764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907764" title="Avalanchurus">
Avalanchurus

Avalanchurus is an extinct genus of trilobite. It contains three species: "A. garfunkeli"; "A. lennoni"; and "A. simoni".

</doc>
<doc id="18907772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907772" title="Break 'Em All">
Break 'Em All

"Break 'Em All (also known as Simple DS Series Vol. 4: The Block Kuzushi in Japan & Brick 'Em All DS" in Europe) is an Arkanoid clone released in 2005 for the Nintendo DS. The game features several single player modes, as well as single-cart multiplayer for up to 8 players. The game utilized the system's touch screen to control the paddle, as well as activate power-ups. Power-Ups could also be activated by pressing left on the D-Pad or by pressing the L Button.
The game was originally released on October 27, 2005 in Japan as part of the "Simple DS" line of products. In early 2006, D3 Publisher announced that it would be releasing a localized version of the game in North America under the name "Break 'Em All".
Game modes.
Tokoton Mode.
Tokoton mode is one of the two single player modes in the game. It has two play options: "Standard Play" and "Random Play". Standard play consists of 50 stages. As the player progresses through the stages, they begin to gain levels. The player begins at the "amoeba" level and slowly works their way to the "superior being" level. In "Random Play", the game randomly generates each level, with a total of over 3 million different combinations. In Tokoton Mode, the player is given three lives at the beginning, and can earn more as the game progresses.
Quest Mode.
The game's second single-player mode is Quest Mode. Quest Mode consists of 12 levels, with each level having three regular stages and one special boss stage. To defeat the boss, the player must find and exploit its weak point. Quest Mode can also be played as a multiplayer portion. Up to four players can play through the mode separately, with the player with the highest score being the winner.
Survival Mode.
Survival Mode is the game's multiplayer mode. Up to eight players can participate. At the beginning of the round, they each chose one of four unique paddles to play as. Each paddle is shaped differently than the standard flat paddle found in most Breakout-style games. This mode chooses to forego the normal Arkanoid brick-breaking mode of play. Instead, players must dodge balls and obstacles thrown at them. The last player to survive the round without being hit is the winner.
Power-Ups.
Like many other brick-breaking games, Break 'Em All utilizes a power-up system that allows players to modify gameplay to help them progress. The game's 12 power-ups are divided into six pairs of two, and at the beginning of each game the player must choose one of each pair. During the game, the power-ups become available in order of usefulness as the player's points increase, although only the most recently gained powerup is available for use. If a player completes a stage without using a powerup, it will carry over to the next stage. While most powerups are meant to make the game easier, some powerups make the game more difficult, but give the player a boost in points.
Reception.
Upon its release, the game was generally met with mixed to poor reviews. Many criticized the game's low production quality, as evidenced by its poor visuals, low sound quality and lackluster, rushed translation from the Japanese version. Many also felt that the game failed to add anything new to the genre, instead acting as a retread of what other games have done in the past.
However, many critics were impressed by the game's range of options, modes, and its inclusion of 8-player single-cart multiplayer. Some reviews also took the game's low $19.99 price into account, believing the game to be of sufficient value for the price. In his review, GameSpot's Alex Nevarro also praised the game's tight, responsive controls and intuitive use of the system's touch screen to control the paddle.
As of August 17, 2008 the game holds a 68/100 rating at Metacritic.

</doc>
<doc id="18907774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907774" title="Mark (dinghy)">
Mark (dinghy)

The Mark is a single-hander class of small sailing dinghy. The design probably first appeared in the 1960s, at about the same time as the Laser, but never took off as a popular racing class. The Mark is in length, with forward and side buoyancy compartments. A free standing rotating mast stepped far forward in the front buoyancy compartment supports a mainsail.

</doc>
<doc id="18907777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907777" title="Bill McClard">
Bill McClard

Bill W. McClard (born October 15, 1950 in Purcell, Oklahoma) is a former professional football player.
A kicker, McClard played college football for the University of Arkansas, where he was named American Football Coaches Association All-America after the 1970 season and by "The Sporting News" in 1971. He kicked a then-NCAA record 60-yard field goal in 1970. This was only about one week before Tom Dempsey, with his half-foot, kicked the first 60+-yard field goal in the NFL. Both were responsible for changes in rules regarding returning field goal attempts.
Out of college, McClard was drafted in the 3rd round of the 1972 NFL Draft by the San Diego Chargers. He played one year for the Chargers, kicking two field goals during his rookie season. For the next three seasons, McClard played for the New Orleans Saints, where he was successful on 26 of 51 field goal attempts and 31 of 32 extra points.
Since retiring from football, McClard has been a commercial real estate broker in Rogers, Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="18907785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907785" title="Let all mortal flesh keep silence">
Let all mortal flesh keep silence

Let all mortal flesh keep silence () is an ancient chant of Eucharistic devotion based on words from Habakkuk 2:20, "Let all the earth keep silence before him". The original was composed in Greek as a Cherubic Hymn for the Offertory of the Divine Liturgy of St James; it probably antedates the rest of the liturgy and goes back at least to 275 AD, with local churches adopting arrangements in Syriac. In modern times, the Ralph Vaughan Williams arrangement of a translation from the Greek by Gerard Moultrie to the tune of "Picardy", a French medieval folk melody, popularized the hymn among other Christian congregations.
The Moultrie translation is written in 87.87 Trochaic meter. Therefore, "winged" in the first line of the fourth stanza ought to be read or sung as a single syllable. However, the two-syllable variant "wingèd" has become commonly accepted, especially outside of the United Kingdom.
Text.
English.
Let all mortal flesh keep silence,
And with fear and trembling stand;
Ponder nothing earthly minded,
For with blessing in His hand,
Christ our God to earth descendeth
Our full homage to demand.
King of kings, yet born of Mary,
As of old on earth He stood,
Lord of lords, in human vesture,
In the body and the blood;
He will give to all the faithful
His own self for heavenly food.
Rank on rank the host of heaven
Spreads its vanguard on the way,
As the Light of light descendeth
From the realms of endless day,
That the powers of hell may vanish
As the darkness clears away.
At His feet the six winged seraph,
Cherubim with sleepless eye,
Veil their faces to the presence,
As with ceaseless voice they cry:
Alleluia, Alleluia
Alleluia, Lord Most High!
Notes and references.
Notes
References

</doc>
<doc id="18907795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907795" title="Bainella">
Bainella

Bainella is an extinct genus of Devonian trilobite from off the coast of Gondwana in what is present day Brazil, Bolivia and South Africa. It contains three species: "B. africana"; "B. baini"; and "B. cristagalli". 

</doc>
<doc id="18907801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907801" title="Embalmer (band)">
Embalmer (band)

Embalmer is an American death metal band from Cleveland, Ohio. They were formed in 1989 by Toby Wulff (bass/vocals), Roy Stewart (drums), Mark Davis (guitar) and Duane Morris (guitar). From 1991 to 1995 they released "Into The Oven", "Rotting Remains" and "There Was Blood Everywhere", with many lineup changes along the way. In 1997 they released the compilation album "There Was Blood Everywhere", and later on in the year going on hiatus, which lasted eight years. They came back in 2005, with the lineup of Rick Fleming (vocals), Jocko Jermann (guitar), Stewart, Davis, and newcomer Rob Lesniak (bass), and immediately started writing new material, finally after a year releasing their first full-length album, "13 Faces Of Death".
Biography.
Formation and Early Releases (1989-1992).
In 1989, Toby Wulff (Bass/Vocals), Roy Stewart (Drums), and Mark Davis (Guitar) formed the band, originally called Corpsegrinder. They released their first demo, "Into The Oven" independently in 1991, by that time under the name Embalmer.During this time "Into The Oven" was noticed by the underground worldwide, and they began to distribute the demo through tape trade. After this release, the band underwent many a couple line-up changes. At the end of the recording of Into the Oven Scott Cunningham (Guitar) stepped in to play 2nd guitar but was quickly replaced with Duane Morris (Guitar). But late 1992 saw the departure of Toby Wulff and Duane Morris.
Rotting Remains to Hiatus (1993-1997).
In 1993 they independently released the demo "Rotting Remains", with Roy and Mark of the original group, and Rick Fleming (Vocals), Brian Holmberg (Bass), and Jocko Jermann (Guitar) joining them. In 1994 the demo caught the attention of Relapse Records and they began distributing it through their catalog worldwide. Late 1994 Brian Holmberg left the band, to be replaced by first the short Return of Toby Wulff, and then Dave Phillips (Bass), and in 1995 released the EP "There Was Blood Everywhere" on 7" vinyl under Relapse Records, containing four tracks. Two years later they released a compilation album under the same name, which re-released "Rotting Remains" and "There Was Blood Everywhere" on one album. Dave Phillips left and was replaced by Greg Jucuum (Bass) in early 1996 and then in late 1997 Rick Fleming left and was briefly replaced by Frank Walls (Vocals) Shortly following, they went on hiatus, and would not return for eight years.
Rebirth and New Album (2005-2007).
After a very long break which many (including the band) thought was the end of Embalmer, the band got back together in 2005 and immediately began work on new material. The band at this point consisted of Roy, Rick, Mark, Jocko and newcomer Rob Lesniak. The band was voted one of the top ten Gore metal albums for There Was Blood Everywhere. In early 2006,both Mark and Jocko left the band, leading to Don Wolff (Lead Guitar) joining the band, and eventually the return disappointing return of Duane Morris. In 2007 they played several shows alongside fairly notable bands of their genre. Soon they were in the studio, recording 13 Faces Of Death, which would be released on Friday, October 13, 2006, under the label Potatohead Productions. It would be their first full-length album. Critics said 13 Faces Of Death is "guaranteed to peel back your face".
Band members.
Current Lineup.
Paul Gorefiend - Vocals (2012–present)Joe Wunderle - Bass (2012–present)Brian Baxter - Guitar (2010–present) Chillin Dylan Gordon - Guitar (2012–present) Roy Stewart - Drums (1990–2007 - 2011–present)
Former members.
Mark Davis - Guitar (1990–1998, 2005–2006)Greg Jucuum - Bass (1996–1998)Brian Holmberg - Bass (1993–1994)Jocko Jermann - Guitar (1993–1998, 2005–2006)Dave Phillips - Bass (1995)Tim Powell - drums (2007 - 2010)Frank Walls - Vocals (1998)Duane Morris - Guitar (1991–1992, 2006–2008)Toby Wulff - Vocals/Bass (1989–1992, 1995)Scott Cunningham - Guitar (1991)Lee Andrews - drums (2007) Daron Schmidt - Bass (2009) Rick Fleming - Vocals (1993-1997, 2007-2012) Lou Spencer - Bass (2010–2012)
Discography.
Demos and EPs.
"Into The Oven" 1991"Rotting Remains" 1993"There Was Blood Everywhere" 1996"Promo 2009" 2009
Other releases.
"There Was Blood Everywhere (Compilation)" 1997
"13 Faces of Death" 2006

</doc>
<doc id="18907810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907810" title="Charles Girault">
Charles Girault

Charles-Louis Girault (1851–1932) was a French architect. 
Born in Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire, he studied with Honoré Daumet at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris. He received the first Prix de Rome, awarded him in 1880 on the basis of a design for a hospital for sick children along the Mediterranean Sea. Consequently, he became a member of the French Academy in Rome, staying there from 1881 until 1884. 
He supervised the work of three other architects at the 1897-1900 Grand Palais, and worked at the Petit Palais from 1896 until 1900. He was elected to membership in the Académie des Beaux-Arts in 1902. Girault designed the Royal Galleries of Ostend, built from 1902-1906. In 1905 he was chosen by Leopold II of Belgium to design the Arcades du Cinquantenaire in Brussels; also for Brussels, he designed the Royal Museum for Central Africa, begun in 1904 and finished in 1910. 
Girault died in Paris in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="18907813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907813" title="Territorial Directorate &quot;North&quot;">
Territorial Directorate &quot;North&quot;

The Territorial Directorate "North" was created on the basis of Northern Operational Command by the directive №322/1/010 of the Minister of Defence of Ukraine on 20 May 2005
The previous Northern Operational Command was based on the 1st Army Corps that continued the traditions of the 1st Guard Red-Banner Army. It encompassed six oblasts: Poltava, Sumy, Kiev, Zhytomyr, Chernihiv, and Cherkasy. The command consisted of units and military formations of the 8th Army Corps.
On 15 August 2005, temporary Chief of the Directorate Colonel Yuriy Horoliuk signed the first Order within the Directive. This day is considered the creation date for the Directorate. The Territorial Directorate "North was the first to switch to a new system of control.
Organization.
The Directorate is responsible for territory spanning over , in which 15,000,000 people live. The oblasts (provinces) of Kharkiv, Poltava, Sumy, Kiev, Zhytomyr, Chernihiv, and Cherkasy all are under the Directive control. The Directorate is in charge of 7 oblast and Kiev City Military Commissariat, 135 regional military commissariats, 530 military units and bases.
Mission.
Main mission of the Directorate is:

</doc>
<doc id="18907820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907820" title="Bathycheilus">
Bathycheilus

Bathycheilus is a trilobite in the order Phacopida. It was described by Holub in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="18907823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907823" title="Christian Ancher Collett">
Christian Ancher Collett

Christian Ancher Collett (30 April 1771 – 10 January 1833) was a Norwegian engineer.
He was born as the oldest child of Peter Collett and Johanne Henriche Ancher. He had two older half-siblings, as well as eight younger siblings, of whom one died before reaching the age of one.
He married Anna Karine Bie (1775–1856). The couple had five children. Their daughter Johanne Benedicte married Peder Christian Hersleb Kjerschow, bishop of the diocese of Bjørgvin. Through this marriage Christian Ancher Collett had the great-grandson Christian Michelsen, statesman and Prime Minister.
An engineer, Christian Ancher Collett was a director of Kongsberg Silver Mines. In 1816 King Charles II appointed him as a consultant ("Statlig bygningsinspektør") to manage the royal buildings around Christiania. The construction of the Royal Palace commenced during this period. He held this position until his death in 1833, and was succeeded by Christian Heinrich Grosch. The position is considered the predecessor of the government agency Statsbygg.

</doc>
<doc id="18907832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907832" title="Raley, Alberta">
Raley, Alberta

Raley, Alberta is an unincorporated community in Cardston County, Alberta, Canada. The population of Raley was 5 in 1966. The community is located about 4 km north of Highway 3, and about 15 km east of the Town of Cardston. Raley is named after C. Raley, of Lethbridge.
Alberta Pacific Elevator Co. Ltd. elevator.
The Alberta Pacific Elevator at Raley was built as a 35,000 bushel elevator and is likely the oldest standing elevator in Alberta constructed shortly after the St. Mary Railway line (succeed by Canadian Pacific Railway) was constructed in 1900 from Stirling to Cardston and finished in 1902. The post office opened in 1910. The elevator was built in 1905 by the Alberta Pacific Elevator Co. Ltd. A permanent cribbed annex was added to the elevator in 1940. In 1967 the elevator became part of the Federal Line of elevators. Then in 1972 the elevator was taken over by the Alberta Wheat Pool but was closed very shortly afterwards and taken over by the Hutterite colony at Raley. This elevator has high architectural significance as it is an excellent and the only unaltered example of an Alberta Pacific Elevator Co. 35,000 bushel capacity elevator.
The Alberta Pacific elevator at Raley was the first of a number of elevators operating by 1911. It is the only one that has survived, probably because it is now in private hands. By 1911 there were two other elevators at Raley, one was a 30,000 bushel elevator built by A.G. Robertson and the other a 15,000 bushel elevator operated by Sunny Belt Grain Elevator Co. Ltd. This was upgraded to a 30,000 bushel house in 1917.
In 1924 the Raley Hutterite colony took over the A.G. Robertson elevator and in 1940 the Alberta Pacific Grain Co. took over the Sunny belt elevator, by this time owned by the N. Bawlf Grain Co. It was operated in conjunction with the original elevator. Both elevators went to the Alberta Wheat Pool in 1972. There was a fourth elevator at Raley, an Alberta Pool Elevator 40,000 bushel house built in 1929. This elevator disappears from the records by the late 1930s. The Sunny belt and A.g. Robertson elevators were demolished sometime after 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="18907838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907838" title="Diego Occhiuzzi">
Diego Occhiuzzi

Diego Occhiuzzi (born 30 April 1981 in Napoli) is an Italian fencer and olympic medal winner in team sabre competition. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's sabre where he lost to Áron Szilágyi in the final round to win the silver medal. He was also part of the Italian men's sabre team that won the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18907841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907841" title="Giampiero Pastore">
Giampiero Pastore

Giampiero Pastore (born 7 May 1976 in Salerno) is an Italian fencer and Olympic medal winner in team sabre competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18907848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907848" title="Severino Varela">
Severino Varela

Severino Varela Puente (September 14, 1913 - July 29, 1995) was an Uruguayan football striker who played for the Uruguay national team on 24 occasions, scoring 19 goals.
Varela started his playing career in 1932 playing for River Plate de Montevideo. In 1935 he signed for Peñarol where he was part of the team that won four successive league titles between 1935 and 1938.
Varela was part of the Uruguay national football team that won the South American Championship, still remaining the equal 3rd highest scorer in the history of Copa América with 15 goals.
In 1942 Varela joined Boca Juniors of Argentina for $32.800. Boca also transferred Emeal and Laferrara to Peñarol as part of the transaction. During the first year of his career in the club of La Ribera, Varela continued living and working in Uruguay (where he shipped each Sunday after the match). Due to the many goals he had scored for Boca Juniors in that year, the club offered him to sign a new contract with a much better salary, but under the condition he had to move to Buenos Aires to live there and to train with the rest of the squad. Varela refused the offer explaining that he could not leave his current job, because, unlike football, it would be his job for the rest of his life.
As a footballer, Varela was a great header, skilled to control the ball, with a fierce attitude to play. He also never missed when shooting a penalty kick. His wearing of a white beret on the field gave him a distinctive range. During his tenure in Boca Juniors, he scored 43 goals within 3 years. 16 of them were headers, 14 from penalty kicks (he did not miss anyone) and 13 of free-kicking shots.
Varela gained recognition amongst Boca Juniors' fans because of his goals to River Plate (playing a total of 6 derbies and scoring in 5). The most remembered of his goals happened in September 26, 1943, when Varela headed the ball after a long pass by Carlos Sosa, diving into the goal and scoring before the ball went outside the field. This goal (defined by "Crónica newspaper" as "El golazo del misterio" - "The great goal of mystery") allowed Boca to win that match 1-0 and therefore the Xeneizes became new Argentine champions, acclaiming Varela as its new great idol.
After winning the titles of 1943 and 1944 with Boca Juniors, the club asked him for the salary he wanted to earn: Varela replied that "he would not take the money he could not win by himself". He left Boca Juniors as a free agent.
Once his run in Boca Juniors was finished, Varela returned to Peñarol where he played out his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18907864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907864" title="Terence James Elkins">
Terence James Elkins

Terence James Elkins (born 1936) is an Australian-born American physicist. In 1960, he participated in an expedition from Mawson Station which conducted the first geological surveys of the Napier Mountains in Antarctica. The highest of this group of mountains, Mount Elkins, was subsequently named after him. In 1979, he received the Harold Brown Award, the Air Force's highest honour for research and development, for research he conducted that contributed to the development of the AN/FPS-118 over-the-horizon backscatter (OTH-B) air defence radar system. This system, consisting of six one-megawatt transmitters and their associated horizontal linear phased array antennas, is currently the largest radar system in the world.
Education.
Elkins earned his Bachelor of Electrical Engineering degree from University of Melbourne in 1957. He earned his Masters Degree in Physics and Astronomy from Boston University in 1967. He earned his PhD from the same institution in 1970, publishing a thesis entitled "Studies of Ionospheric Irregularity Using Radio Astronomical Techniques".
Mawson Station (1960–1961).
After completion of his Bachelor's degree, Elkins joined the ANARE team that wintered over at Mawson Station in Australian Antarctic Territory, East Antarctica in 1960. The wintering party comprised 33 expeditioners including 12 members of the RAAF Antarctic Flight; the Officer-in-Charge was Hendrick Geysen. That year, Elkins was part of a mechanised and sledging field party that travelled from Mawson Station to the Napier Mountains in Enderby Land, East Antarctica. The men of this expedition, led by fellow Antarctic explorer Syd Kirkby, conducted the first geological surveys of that area of the continent. The highest of this small group of mountains, Mount Elkins, was subsequently named after Dr. Elkins.
Other survey teams that year visited the Framnes Mountains, conducted geological and survey work in the Prince Charles Mountains, and visited the Emperor penguin colonies at Taylor Glacier and Fold Island.
ANARE has since been renamed the Australian Antarctic Program, managed by the Australian Antarctic Division, itself a division of the Department of the Environment, Water, Heritage and the Arts.
Emigration to the United States and early career.
Elkins emigrated from his native Australia to the United States in 1963, at the height of the Space Race, after being recruited by the scientific research program of the United States Air Force. Beginning in the early 1960s, he conducted research focused mainly on the upper atmosphere and ionosphere, and improvements to ground, airborne, and space-based surveillance and reconnaissance systems, including over-the-horizon radar systems.
In addition to his work at Hanscom Air Force Base, much of his early research was also conducted at Sagamore Hill Radio Observatory, a ground-based solar observatory located in Hamilton, Massachusetts. Sagamore Hill Solar Radio Observatory is a functional component of the Radio Solar Telescope Network (RSTN).
In 1980, he developed and published an auroral echo-scattering model to predict the obscuration of targets when the radar transmission path is through the auroral region.
Development of the over-the-horizon air defence radar system.
Elkins was part of a team of Rome Air Development Center (RADC) engineers that developed and constructed components for frequency modulation/continuous wave (FM/CW) radars capable of detecting and tracking objects at over-the-horizon ranges. A prototype radar was installed and evaluated on 15 September 1970. The system incorporated a Beverage array receive antenna (located at Columbia Air Force Station), a high-power transmitter array (located at Moscow Air Force Station), and an operations center (located at Bangor Airport). This prototype became operational on 30 October of that year. Experimental transmissions from the Maine site covered a 60° sector from 16.5° to 76.5° azimuth and from 900 to 3,300 km in range from the radar.
Based on the success of these early experiments, the Department of Defense proposed to deploy a fully operational radar system. This radar system, covering 180° in azimuth, was built at the same locations in Maine. Initial testing was conducted from June 1980 to June 1981. GE Aerospace (now Lockheed Martin Ocean, Radar and Sensor Systems) received a contract in mid-1982 for full-scale development of the AN/FPS-118 program.
The operational system consisted of multiple OTH-B radars functioning as an early warning system, to detect incoming enemy bombers and cruise missiles. The system, as initially envisioned, was to consist of four sectors:
Only months after the system became fully operational, the Cold War came to an end. The military requirement for the OTH-B radar network was therefore greatly diminished. The mission of the ECRS radar system was redirected to counter-narcotics surveillance and drug interdiction, and the ECRS operated in this capacity for several years. The three OTH radars of the WCRS were mothballed, and the incomplete North Sector in Alaska was cancelled.
The Air Force currently maintains the six East Coast and West Coast OTH-B radars in a state called "warm storage", which preserves the physical and electrical integrity of the system and permits recall, should a need arise. It would require at least 24 months to bring these first generation OTH-B radars into an operational status.
Later career.
Dr. Elkins spent much of his career at Hanscom Air Force Base in Bedford, Massachusetts, where he conducted research at several of the tenant commands, including the Air Force Cambridge Research Laboratories (AFCRL) and the Geophysics Laboratory. He also conducted research at the Rome Air Development Center, located at Griffiss Air Force Base in Rome, New York. The Geophysics Laboratory is now known as the Phillips Laboratory, while the Rome Air Development Center is now known as the Rome Laboratory. Both research laboratories operate under the Air Force Materiel Command (AFMC).
Over the course of a career that spanned nearly five decades, Dr. Elkins' research focused on development and deployment of electronic systems for the gathering and dissemination of military intelligence, including command, control and communications, satellite imagery, electronic warfare, and systems for remote sensing of the environment from surface, airborne, space and undersea based platforms.
After more than 20 years in research and development for the United States Air Force, he joined the Mitre Corporation in McLean, Virginia, where he continued his research for another 25 years. The majority of his work at MITRE was for the Command, Control, Communications, and Intelligence (C3I) Federally Funded Research and Development Center (FFRDC) supporting the United States Department of Defense.
Awards and recognition.
Elkins was the recipient of the 1979 Harold Brown Award. The Harold Brown Award is the Air Force's highest honour for research and development.
Publications.
Elkins has published many scientific journal articles, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18907880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907880" title="George Whitfield Jr.">
George Whitfield Jr.

George Whitfield Jr. (born November 23, 1977) was a former college and arena league quarterback. He now resides in San Diego, CA and is currently running his quarterback training ACADEMY firm Whitfield Athletix. From an early age George was fascinated with football and always knew he wanted to play. He was introduced to the game of football by his father, George Whitfield Sr., who himself was a collegiate football player for Wichita State in the early 1970s.
High school career.
George played for the Massillon Tigers football team from 1992-1995. While playing for the Tigers George was voted by his teammates as team MVP for the 1995 season. He was an All-State Honorable Mention. During his senior season, the Tigers were led to victory with four 4th quarter comebacks.
College.
In 1996 Whitfield was recruited to play by Jim Tressel, then the head coach of Youngstown State University. During the 1996 season, Whitfield was forced to watch from the sidelines, and as a result, he transferred to Tiffin University to play for Coach Bob Wolfe and the Dragons the following season. Between 1997 and 2000, Whitfield became Tiffin University's all-time leading passer, with 368 completions for 4391 yards and 39 touchdowns.
Coaching/pro career.
Upon graduation from Tiffin University, George began to pursue a career in professional football. After receiving no offers straight out of college due to a separated shoulder injury, he decided to continue his training and attend work out sessions with numerous teams as well as sign on as a graduate assistant with the University of Iowa Hawkeyes. While at the University of Iowa, George coached future NFL standouts Bob Sanders, Dallas Clark, Nate Kaeding, Ladell Betts, Robert Gallery, Eric Steinbach, and Aaron Kampman. After a successful season with the Hawkeyes, George moved to San Diego to continue his training. As a result of his training and hard work, he began to garner interest from some Arena League teams. During a four-year period from 2003–2007, George had short stints with four different teams: the Chicago Rush, Bossier-Shreveport Battle Wings, Louisville Fire, and the now defunct Memphis Xplorers. After the 2007 season, George made what he has called "one of the toughest decisions I've ever had to make" and hung up his cleats for good. During the summer of 2007, he was an intern under Cam Cameron, who at the time was the offensive coordinator for the San Diego Chargers. George worked with all the quarterbacks at camp including a young standout named Philip Rivers.
Whitfield Athletix.
In 2004 he established Whitfield Athletix, a specialized quarterback training academy based out of San Diego, CA. George works mostly with middle school and high school students based primarily in the Southern California region training them in the ways of the quarterback position helping them to enhance and developed their skills from the very basic levels to the complex levels often using training methods used by NFL quarterbacks. Thus far George has trained quarterbacks from 35 different states. Former collegiate standout and Cincinnati Bengals first round draft pick Akili Smith looked to Whitfield to help revitalize his slumping career. Since 2004 over 75 of his quarterbacks have gone on to make a collegiate team at some level from Division I all the way down to community colleges. George is currently the youngest quarterbacks coach in the nation. Most recently Whitfield has worked with Notre Dame Quaterback Everett Golson, who was suspended for academic issues.
Besides training, Whitfield has also hosted two Whitfield Quarterback Showcases in which athletes all over the nation have gone to San Diego to display their abilities in front of college scouts.
Notable trainees.
During his 4 game suspension at the beginning of the 2010 NFL season, Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger worked with Whitfield as the NFL Mandate prevented him in participating in any team activities.
In 2011, Heisman Trophy winning quarterback and first overall selection Cam Newton began working with George Whitfield, Jr. in preparation for the NFL Draft.
In 2012, Stanford University quarterback, and NFL first overall Selection Andrew Luck began working with George Whitfield, Jr. in preparation for the NFL Draft.
In 2012, NFL veteran and free agent Donovan McNabb sought out Whitfield's services to aid in offseason weight loss and to prepare for the upcoming season.
Perhaps Whitfield's greatest professional accomplishment is reflected in the Heisman Trophy awarded to Johnny Manziel (aka "Johnny Football") whom he groomed in the summer of 2012. Manziel's rise from obscurity to becoming the first player in history to win the prestigious award as a freshman can, in large part, be credited to his work under Whitfield's guidance.

</doc>
<doc id="18907885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907885" title="Junkers K 16">
Junkers K 16

__NOTOC__
The Junkers K 16 was a small airliner produced in Germany in the early 1920s. It was a conventional, high-wing cantilever monoplane of all-metal construction, equipped with fixed, tailwheel undercarriage. The pilot sat in an open cockpit, while the two passengers were provided with an enclosed cabin within the fuselage. Shortly after the prototype flew, aircraft production in Germany was brought to a complete halt by the Allies, and the K 16 was quickly evacuated to the Netherlands to avoid confiscation. There, it was stored by Fokker until the restrictions were relaxed and work recommenced at Junkers' Dessau factory in 1924. By this time, however, the airline niche that the tiny K 16 had been intended to fill no longer existed, and the small number that were produced were mostly sold to private owners. Junkers entered two K 16s in the 1925 Deutsche Rundflug, with one machine winning second place in the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18907886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907886" title="Annandale, Pasadena, California">
Annandale, Pasadena, California

Annandale is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Colorado Boulevard to the north, San Rafael Avenue to the east, and the Pasadena-Los Angeles border to the south and west. The main roads through the neighborhood are Avenue 64 and La Loma Road.
The original town of Annandale was actually to the area's west and was annexed by Los Angeles in 1930.
Landmarks.
Most of the commercial development in the neighborhood is in a triangular area of only a few blocks where Colorado Boulevard and Avenue 64 meet. Annandale's only park, San Rafael Park, is also in this triangular area. Most of the neighborhood consists of upper-middle class houses built in the 1920s and 30s. The neighborhood's relative isolation from the rest of Pasadena gives it a very different character, including a small lake at the district's center.
Education.
San Rafael Elementary School is the only school in the neighborhood. Annandale is served by Blair High School, in Oak Knoll, for both middle and high school.
Transportation.
Annandale is served by Metro Rapid Line 780, as well as Metro Local lines 180, 181, and 256.

</doc>
<doc id="18907895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907895" title="1968 Houston Oilers season">
1968 Houston Oilers season

The 1968 Houston Oilers season was the team's ninth season. The club would play their home games in the Houston Astrodome. The Oilers would become the first team in professional football to play their games in a domed stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="18907935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907935" title="Chris Castle">
Chris Castle

Chris Castle (born January 29, 1976, in Sandusky, Ohio) is a folk/Americana singer-songwriter. "Cleveland Magazine" has described his writing as an "authentic connection to the world-weary soul of American roots music", while The New London Day's Rick Koster calls Castle "a visionary songwriter" and "a tunesmith of almost scary vision, narrative acumen and hooky instinct".
Early life.
Born in Sandusky, Ohio, in 1976, Castle's family moved to the village of New London, Ohio around the time he was four. His parents had migrated to Ohio from eastern Kentucky in the late sixties, and Castle was exposed to Appalachian Music from a very early age. His father (a Vietnam War veteran) committed suicide when Castle was nine years old; a theme that would later inspire Castle's first official single and video, "Both Ends of A Gun".
Early career.
Castle spent his teen years as a staff-writer in Nashville, Tennessee, working under such notable writers as; Casey Kelly (The Cowboy Rides Away), Wood Newton (Bobbie Sue), and Earl Bud Lee (Friends in Low Places). At twenty-one, he would leave Music Row to again perform in bars and coffeehouses in northern Ohio.
Castle enrolled in Bowling Green State University as a Political Science major, where he met Pulitzer Prize winner Edward Albee in 2006. The veteran playwright convinced him to return to songwriting and Chris began crafting the songs that would become Hollow Bones in Monotone. "He's the one who talked me into dropping out of college, so I can blame it on (him). He was telling me about holding up a mirror to our society and holding it up to yourself. He had great stuff to say about real art."
As a recording artist.
Castle's 2007 release, "Hollow Bones in Monotone", received solid reviews, and established Castle as an accepted player in the modern folk scene. That same year, Castle was named featured artist at Folk Alley, in addition to being a finalist in the Granite State Songwriting Contest, in Newmarket, New Hampshire. 
Since then, Castle has shared stages with artists including: Chris Hillman, Herb Pedersen, Uncle Monk (with Tommy Ramone), David Amram, Jimmy Webb, Radney Foster, Richard Shindell, Darrell Scott, Jonathan Edwards, Junior Brown, The Wood Brothers, Amy Speace, David Wax Museum, Tommy Womack, Eilen Jewell, Will Kimbrough, The Everybodyfields, Peter Case, Jim White, Jenny Owen Youngs, and Jeff Black, among others.
In January 2012, Castle released "Last Bird Home" through his own record label, Dirtsandwich Music Company. Dirtsandwich also serves as Castle's publishing arm, and is a BMI-affiliated limited-liability corporation. The album was recorded and mixed in late summer of 2011 by Grammy-winning engineer Justin Guip at Levon Helm Studios in Woodstock, NY. Contributing to the performances were The Band's Garth Hudson, Maud Hudson, Tommy Ramone of the Ramones, Larry Campbell (musician), Gabriel Butterfield (son of Blues musician Paul Butterfield) and The Womack Family Band, among others. Last Bird Home marks the first chart success of Chris Castle's long career.
Dirtsandwich released an 88-page paperback of Castle's lyrics, poetry and original art in August of 2012 called "A Street With A Very Short Name: The Lyrics & Musings of Chris Castle".

</doc>
<doc id="18907936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907936" title="Scott Bull">
Scott Bull

John Scott Bull (born June 8, 1953 in Camden, Arkansas) is a former professional football player, spending three seasons as a quarterback with the San Francisco 49ers. He played college football at the University of Arkansas.
In his NFL career, Bull completed 76 of 193 passes for 3 touchdowns. A strong running quarterback, he rushed for 186 yards in 46 attempts and 3 touchdowns in his three year professional career and is on the very short list of NFL Rookie Quarterbacks that defeated a reigning NFL MVP Quarterback (Fran Tarkenton- Minnesota Vikings) in a regular season matchup during the 1976 season. 

</doc>
<doc id="18907946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907946" title="Percy Irausquin">
Percy Irausquin

Joseph Gregory Percy Irausquin (June 26, 1969 – August 14, 2008) was an Aruban-born Dutch fashion designer and couturier based in Amsterdam. He was described by the Dutch media as "one of the most talented young designers in the Netherlands." The Dutch national daily newspaper "De Volkskrant" described his clothing designs as "sexy and extravagant" and "fashionable but not fussy."
Irausquin was born in Oranjestad, Aruba, on June 26, 1969. He graduated from the Gerrit Rietveld Academie, an art and design school in Amsterdam. His work was noticed by Christian Lacroix, a high end French fashion designer. Irausquin went to work for Lacroix in Paris shortly after his graduation. He later worked for Givenchy with Hubert Barrere, a corset specialist, and at the house of Christian Dior.
Irausquin was named by Vogue Magazine as a prominent up-and-coming designer in 2007. His work was featured on the covers of several Dutch and international magazines, including Marie Claire and Elle. He held a fashion show at the Amsterdam Fashion Week 2008 just a few days before his death. He was once quoted in an interview as saying of his work, "I'm not one for complicated ideas. I'm not an innovator. I don't want to change the world. I just want to make it more beautiful."
Irausquin was found dead at his home in Amsterdam on August 14, 2008, after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage. He was buried in his native Aruba.

</doc>
<doc id="18907955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907955" title="Revolutionary Championship Wrestling">
Revolutionary Championship Wrestling

Revolutionary Championship Wrestling is a Midwestern independent professional wrestling promotion based in Portsmouth, Ohio.
History.
RCW was formed in early 2002 by Dirk Cunningham who had left the Superstar Wrestling Federation (SWF) after creative differences with Owner Andy Runyon. Soon afterwards several other wrestling stars left the SWF as well due to creative differences.
In mid-2002 Cunningham acquired a ring, promoters license and formed a booking committee featuring himself, Jerry Davis, Jason Taylor, V.L. Stricklett, Ace Gigolo, Jay Vastine, Chris Smith and Exotic E.. The first show was booked for West Union, Ohio on November 29, 2002 and was titled "RCW: The Gathering". Notable appearances included surprise appearances by SWF stars "The King" Randy Allen, "The Notorious" Jay Vastine, "Livewire" Chris Smith and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling tag team champion "Wildcat" Chris Harris.
After 2 events, Cunningham disbanded the committee and set forth on running the promotion himself. By 2013, RCW is still going strong with Cunningham at the helm.
An ongoing storyline thru 2012 was the mysterious Owner of RCW, "The Phoenix". At the 7 Year Anniversary Show it was discovered that Al Snow was the Owner of RCW, and the man behind the mask. In 2012 at RCW 100, Al Snow's ownership was sold to another mysterious owner. In December of 2012, at RCW's 10th Anniversary Event, Dirk Extreme (Cunningham) announced that he was the true owner of RCW. It was also announced that night that Trik Nasty would be the acting owner for 1 year until Extreme retired from active wrestling to not cause a conflict.
RCW has produced over 100 TV episodes. First, a half hour TV program on the Local WB/CW affiliate (WHCP) that saw 72 original episodes. RCW then produced a TV Show entitled RCW: Wrestling Shadows which broadcast over-the-air on TV station WTZP The Zone, channel 59 in Chillicothe, Ohio and channel 66 in Portsmouth, Ohio. Shadows still replays on the Zone periodically. RCW is currently at work on an all new show for the area that is due out sometime in 2013.
In January of 2013, RCW was affiliated with the movie "Pro Wrestlers vs Zombies" starring Roddy Piper, Jim Duggan, Matt Hardy and others. The RCW Ring is visible in several scenes during the movie. RCW Talent Dirk Cunningham (Extreme), Tyson Rogers and Randy Allen also appear in the film as Zombies. RCW Cameraman Chris Jones was also used on the film behind the camera.
RCW has an extensive Film Crew that video and edit footage for several companies such as Remix Pro Wrestling, ASW Wrestling, IWA East Coast Wrestling, UVC MMA, Tammy Jo's Dance Studio and Stacey's Dance Studio. Dirk Cunningham with cousin Chris Jones primarily make up the staff.
RCW Roster.
RCW Champions
RCW Wrestlers
RCW Title History.
RCW Championship

</doc>
<doc id="18907958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907958" title="China Internet Information Center">
China Internet Information Center

China Internet Information Center (Chinese: 中国互联网新闻中心; pinyin: Zhōngguó Hùliánwǎng Xīnwén Zhōngxīn; or 中国网—网上中国) is a web portal authorized by the People's Republic of China. It also contains a Wiki but creating new articles is currently restricted to administrators.
Its current president is Huang Youyi.
Localization.
The site is available in Arabic, Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), English, Esperanto, French, German, Japanese, Korean, Russian, and Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="18907975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18907975" title="Bluster">
Bluster

Bluster may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18908005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908005" title="Villavieja de Yeltes">
Villavieja de Yeltes

Villavieja de Yeltes is a municipality in Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain.
Geography.
The municipality is in the western portion of Castile and León, about 290 km from Madrid, at 738 meters above sea level. Its northern and eastern borders are formed by the Yeltes river, and its entire area is in the river's drainage basin. Its highest point is 828 meters above sea level, in La Berzosa.
History.
The shores of the Yeltes river have been inhabited since prehistoric times, as indicated by artifacts found there. Megalithic-stage structures were scattered throughout the area, and many remains have been discovered from the medieval period.
Demographics.
The population has fallen inexorably since 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18908012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908012" title="Community hospital">
Community hospital

A Community hospital can be purely a nominal designation or have a more specific meaning. When specific, it refers to a hospital that is accessible to the general public, and provides a general or specific medical care which is usually short-term, in a cost-effective setting, and also focusses on preventing illnesses as on treating them. The following countries have specified definitions for a community hospital:
Thailand.
In Thailand, "community hospital" is a specific classification of public hospitals with a capacity of 150 beds or fewer. They serve local populations in provincial districts, providing primary care.
United Kingdom.
England.
The (non-statutory) phrase is used in England in a similar manner to Scotland. Actual arrangements will be under legislation applicable to the English NHS.
Northern Ireland.
In Northern Ireland the phrase has similar use to Scotland but official publications give the appearance of "community hospitals" being more recent as a concept rather than a mere description.
Scotland.
"Community Hospital" is not a statutory phrase but it is used in relation to hospitals which have been described as "a local hospital, unit or centre providing an appropriate range and format of accessible health care facilities and resources" [http://www.scotcommhosp.org.uk/]. These hospitals are typically small, using either purpose-built new premises or smaller general hospitals which have been retained to provide non-emergency services after general hospital services have been transferred to more centralised facilities; in some cases the services include in-patient care.
Wales.
The (non-statutory) phrase is used in Wales in a similar (but possibly less restricted) manner to Scotland. Actual arrangements will be under legislation applicable to NHS Wales/Gig Cymru.
United States.
In the United States, hospitals that are not part of a university, a health system or a chain of private hospitals are often called "community hospitals".

</doc>
<doc id="18908015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908015" title="Grand Rapids Cycle Company Factory">
Grand Rapids Cycle Company Factory

Grand Rapids Cycle Company Factory was a historic manufacturing plant in Grand Rapids, Michigan. In 2007 the building was destroyed by fire.
The site is now occupied by Grand Valley State University.

</doc>
<doc id="18908034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908034" title="Hobakjuk">
Hobakjuk

Hobakjuk or hobak jook is a variety of "juk" (죽), or Korean porridge, made with steamed pumpkin or squash and glutinous rice flour or rice soaked in water.

</doc>
<doc id="18908044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908044" title="Flour Bridge">
Flour Bridge

The Flour Bridge () is a bridge across the Griboyedov Canal in Saint Petersburg, Russia. 
The bridge got its name from the flour warehouses located nearby, which were built in the 18th century and also gave their name to the nearby "Flour Alley".
The first bridge at this place was built in 1931, it had three spans and carried heating pipes. In 1951 the bridge was rebuilt according to P. V. Bazhenov's design which converted it into a single span pedestrian bridge. 
The arch of the bridge is created by a curvilinear steel beam which is supported by the quay walls. Gently sloping stairways descend at the ends of the bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="18908061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908061" title="M8 motorway (Ireland)">
M8 motorway (Ireland)

The M8 motorway () is an inter-urban motorway in Ireland, which forms part of the motorway from the capital Dublin to Cork city. The 149 km motorway commences in the townland of Aghaboe, County Laois and runs through the counties of Kilkenny, North Tipperary, South Tipperary and Limerick, terminating at the Dunkettle interchange in County Cork.
First called for in the Road Needs Study (1998), it was later incorporated into the National Development Plan (2000–2006) and later still formed part of the Irish Government's Transport 21 plan for infrastructural development. The majority of the M8 (115 km) was built between 2006 and 2010. On 28 May 2010, the motorway was completed and had replaced almost all of the single-carriageway N8 except for a short section of urban road in Cork City.
Route.
The route starts in the townland of Aghaboe, County Laois, at a motorway-to-motorway interchange with the M7. From here it proceeds southwards, passing under the R434 and R433 roads until it runs parallel to the single-carriageway R639 road, bypassing Abbeyleix, Durrow, Cullahill, Johnstown, Urlingford, Littleton, Horse and Jockey, Cashel, New Inn, Cahir, Skeheenarinky, Kilbeheny, Mitchelstown, Kilworth Mountain, Fermoy, Rathcormac, Watergrasshill and Glanmire.
Between its junction with the M7 and Dunkettle, the M8 passes through pasture in County Laois, and over bogland and coniferous forest through County Kilkenny and North Tipperary. South of Cashel, it enters the Golden Vale and crosses the River Suir west of Cahir. The motorway then travels south-west along the Galtee Mountains, passing Glengarra Wood and Mitchelstown Cave. East of the route, the Knockmealdown Mountains and the Comeraghs are starkly visible. The M8 crosses into County Cork south of Kilbeheny and proceeds south to the east of Mitchelstown, before skirting around the base of Kilworth Mountain through pastoral farmland and demesne parkland. At Moorepark, some 5 km north of Fermoy, the M8 is tolled for the next 17.5 kilometres. This tolled section is notable for incorporating an impressive 450m viaduct crossing of the River Blackwater. Toll plazas are located between junctions 16 and 17 and at the southbound exit of junction 15. The current toll for cars is €1.90. Many motorists, particularly lorry drivers, drive through Fermoy, Rathcormac and Watergrasshill to avoid the toll. In 2006 the Irish Road Haulage Association advised its members not to use the toll road, because they considered it to be too expensive. Consequently, traffic volumes through Watergrasshill increased by about 6,000 vehicles (of which approximately 1,100 were lorries) per day at the end of that year. By the end of 2008 increasing numbers of vehicles were opting to pay the toll. The M8 continues south, bypassing Watergrasshill, Sallybrook, Riverstown and Glanmire, before ending 450m north of the Jack Lynch Tunnel at the approach to the Dunkettle Interchange, which connects it with the N25 to Waterford, the N40 Cork South Ring Road and the N8 to Cork city centre. Despite having a nominal nineteen junctions, the motorway in fact only has eighteen, because the proposed junction 2 was never constructed.
History.
The M8 was constructed in eight stages between 1985 and 2010. Some of the sections which now form part of the M8 were initially opened as dual-carriageway and previously formed part of the N8, while other sections were opened as motorway.
In chronological order, the various sections opened as follows (status on opening in brackets):
Glanmire Bypass.
The Glanmire Bypass opened as a 6.3 km dual carriageway on 3 April 1992, after a construction period of almost seven years, representing the first major improvement made to the Cork to Portlaoise corridor. Called for in the 'Land Use and Transportation Study' (LUTS) Report of 1976, the bypass replaced the older road through Glanmire village and was envisaged as part of broader strategic roads upgrade to service an expanding Cork City. Other components of this plan, such as the N40 South Ring Road and the Jack Lynch Tunnel, were substantially delivered and operational by 1999. The Glanmire Bypass was built by multiple contractors at a cost of 45 million punts. It was reclassified as a motorway in July 2009 and was officially incorporated into the rest of the M8 route on 28 August 2009.
Watergrasshill Bypass.
The Watergrasshill Bypass was the second section of grade separated dual carriageway to open on the Cork-Portlaoise route. It opened on 12 September 2003, at a cost of €144 million. Built by Mowlem and Bowen in partnership, the seven kilometre route replaced a winding and narrow section of the older N8 (now the R639) through Watergrasshill and Sallybrook villages. The Watergrasshill Bypass was the cause of some controversy in October 2006 when its northern junction was incorporated into the tolled 'Fermoy Bypass' section of the M8, as, previously, it had been untolled.
As with the Glanmire Bypass, the Watergrasshill Bypass officially became a part of the M8 on 28 August 2009.
Cashel Bypass.
Construction of the €48 million 6.7 km Cashel bypass began in May 2003 and it opened to traffic in October 2004 with a speed limit of 100 km/h. Originally classified as a standard dual carriageway section of the then N8, the scheme was officially redesignated a motorway by Statutory Instrument on 17 July 2008. This change came into effect on September 24 in the same year and blue motorway signage replaced the green signage erected in 2004. In addition, the speed limit was increased to 120 km/h.
The Cashel bypass opened initially with at-grade roundabouts at both ends. When the Cashel to Mitchelstown scheme opened in July 2008, the southern end of the bypass was fused with the northern end of that scheme by removing the at-grade roundabout and replacing it with a new extended dumbbell interchange. The same happened at its northern end when the Cashel to Cullahill project was built. The Cashel Bypass was built by Roadbridge Ltd.
Fermoy Bypass.
Construction of this 17.5 km tolled scheme started in June 2004 and was completed on 2 October 2006. This was the first stretch of actual M8 to open in the country (the Cashel bypass opened as standard DC in 2004 before its motorway redesignation in mid-2008).
The section was built by Direct Route, who continue to operate and maintain it.
Cashel-Mitchelstown.
Construction of this 37 km length of motorway started in May 2006. It was fully opened with a 100 km/h speed limit on 25 July 2008, some 10 months ahead of schedule. Twelve kilometres of the scheme had already opened nine months prior to this. This previously opened stretch, located between Cahir and Cashel, runs between junctions 9 and 10, and opened as a High Quality Dual Carriageway (HQDC) section of the then N8 with green signage. The green signage was replaced with blue motorway signage in September 2008 in preparation for the motorway redesignation changeover, which came into effect on 24th of that month. The scheme was built by Roadbridge Sisk JV.
Cashel-Cullahill.
Construction of this 40 km stretch started in October 2006 and was opened to traffic on 8 December 2008, some seven months ahead of the target completion date. Like four of the other M8 schemes, the section was originally to open as HQDC with green signage and a 100 km/h limit. However, due to its redesignation as motorway in September 2008 it opened with full motorway restrictions, appropriate blue signage and other standard motorway features (emergency telephones, etc.). The scheme was built by Roadbridge Sisk JV at a cost of €434 million.
Mitchelstown-Fermoy.
Construction of this 16 km scheme started in December 2007. The section opened to traffic on 25 May 2009, some nine months ahead of the original target completion date. Like the Cashel-Cullahill project, the Fermoy-Mitchelstown scheme was redesignated a motorway during its construction, having originally been envisaged as a HQDC.
It was built by Roadbridge Ltd. at a cost of €174 million.
Cullahill-Portlaoise.
This section of the M8 was the penultimate part of the motorway to enter the construction phase, in June 2007. At 4pm on 28 May 2010 it was the final section of the Dublin-Cork interurban route to open. The contractor building the scheme was Portlaoise Joint Venture (PJV), which was acquired by BAM before the project's completion.
The scheme drew national attention during the preliminary archaeological investigations in January 2006 when over 500 human skeletons from the seventh century were discovered at the townland of Parknahown just south of Cullahill.
A proposed local access junction, which would have been numbered '2' on the M8's junction numbering scheme, was eliminated from the final design by the Irish planning board to enable construction of full movement access between the M8 and the M7 at a future date if required.
The road is under the management of Midlink M7/M8 Ltd, and cost €491 million euro to construct.
Roadside Art on M8.
Roadside art is funded under the Percentage For Arts Scheme where 1% of the scheme budget is allocated to roadside art with a cap of €63,000. The local authorities decide on a theme and are responsible for commissioning the work, usually by open competition. There are several examples along the M8.
Future.
In planning.
Proposed service areas.
The National Roads Authority (NRA) has planned the construction of motorway service areas at approximately 60-kilometre intervals along each of Ireland's interurban routes. Under this plan, the M8 will have two such areas. One will be located between junctions 6 and 7, while the other will be sited between junctions 13 and 14. The Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) for the service area north of Cashel was published in mid-February 2009, while the Notice of the Compulsory Purchase of land for the service area was advertised on 31 August 2010. The EIS for the remaining service area at Kilworth has yet to be published.
N40 North Ring Road link-up.
The National Roads Authority published a proposal to link the M8 at junction 18 with the proposed N40 'North Ring Road' for Cork city in late 2008. The proposed junction, which would be free-flow in both directions, would effectively convert the M8 between junctions 18 and 19 into one segment of the envisaged 360-degree ring road around Cork.

</doc>
<doc id="18908063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908063" title="Brisbane Botanic Gardens">
Brisbane Botanic Gardens

There are two major botanic gardens in Brisbane, Australia:

</doc>
<doc id="18908074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908074" title="Public participation GIS">
Public participation GIS

Public participation geographic information systems (PPGIS) was born, as a term, in 1996 at the meetings of the National Center for Geographic Information and Analysis (NCGIA). PPGIS is meant to bring the academic practices of GIS and mapping to the local level in order to promote knowledge production. The idea behind PPGIS is empowerment and inclusion of marginalized populations, who have little voice in the public arena, through geographic technology education and participation. PPGIS uses and produces digital maps, satellite imagery, sketch maps, and many other spatial and visual tools, to change geographic involvement and awareness on a local level.
Applications.
Attendees to the "Mapping for Change International Conference on Participatory Spatial Information Management and Communication" conferred to at least three potential implications of PPGIS; it can: (1) enhance capacity in generating, managing, and communicating spatial information; (2) stimulate innovation; and ultimately; (3) encourage positive social change. This reflects on the rather nebulous definition of PPGIS as referenced in the "Encyclopedia of GIS" which describes PPGIS as having a definition problem.
There are a range of applications for PPGIS. The potential outcomes can be applied from community and neighborhood planning and development to environmental and natural resource management. Marginalized groups, be they grassroots organizations to indigenous populations could benefit from GIS technology. 
Governments, non-government organizations and non-profit groups are a big force behind many programs. The current extent of PPGIS programs in the US has been evaluated by Sawicki and Peterman. They catalog over 60 PPGIS programs who aid in “public participation in community decision making by providing local-area data to community groups,” in the United States (Craig et al., 2002:24). The organizations providing these programs are mostly universities, local chambers of commerce, non-profit foundations.
In general, neighborhood empowerment groups can form and gain access to information that is normally very easy for the official government and planning offices to obtain. It is easier for this to happen than for individuals of lower-income neighborhoods just working by themselves. There have been several projects where university students help implement GIS in neighborhoods and communities. It is believed that access to information is the doorway to more effective government for everybody and community empowerment. In a case study of a group in Milwaukee, residents of an inner-city neighborhood became active participants in building a community information system, learning to access public information and create and analyze new databases derived from their own surveys, all with the purpose of making these residents useful actors in city management and in the formation of public policy. In many cases, there are providers of data for community groups, but the groups may not know that such entities exist. Getting the word out would be beneficial.
Some of the spatial data that the neighborhood wanted was information on abandoned or boarded-up buildings and homes, vacant lots, and properties that contained garbage, rubbish and debris that contributed to health and safety issues in the area. They also appreciated being able to find landlords that were not keeping up the properties. The university team and the community were able to build databases and make maps that would help them find these areas and perform the spatial analysis that they needed. Community members learned how to use the computer resources, ArcView 1.0, and build a theme or land use map of the surrounding area. They were able to perform spatial queries and analyze neighborhood problems. Some of these problems included finding absentee landlords and finding code violations for the buildings on the maps (Ghose 2001).
Approaches.
There are two approaches to PPGIS use and application. These two perspectives, top–down and bottom–up, are the currently debated schism in PPGIS.
Top-down.
According to Sieber (2006), PPGIS was first envisioned as a means of mapping individuals by many social and economic demographic factors in order to analyze the spatial differences in access to social services. She refers to this kind of PPGIS as "top-down", being that it is less hands on for the public, but theoretically serves the public by making adjustments for the deficiencies, and improvements in public management.
Bottom-up.
A current trend with academic involvement in PPGIS, is researching existing programs, and or starting programs in order to collect data on the effectiveness of PPGIS. Elwood (2006) in "The Professional Geographer", talks in depth about the “everyday inclusions, exclusions, and contradictions of Participatory GIS research.” The research is being conducted in order to evaluate if PPGIS is involving the public equally. In reference to Sieber's top-down PPGIS, this is a counter method of PPGIS, rightly referred to as "bottom-up" PPGIS. Its purpose is to work with the public to let them learn the technologies, then producing their own GIS. 
Public participation GIS is defined by Sieber as the use of geographic information systems to broaden public involvement in policymaking as well as to the value of GIS to promote the goals of nongovernmental organizations, grassroots groups and community based organizations (Sieber 2006). It would seem on the surface that PPGIS, as it is commonly referred to, in this sense would be of a beneficial nature to those in the community or area that is being represented. But in truth only certain groups or individuals will be able to obtain the technology and use it. Is PPGIS becoming more available to the underprivileged sector of the community? The question of “who benefits?” should always be asked, and does this harm a community or group of individuals.
The local, participatory management of urban neighborhoods usually follows on from ‘claiming the territory’, and has to be made compatible with national or local authority regulations on administering, managing and planning urban territory (McCall 2003). PPGIS applied to participatory community/neighborhood planning has been examined by, among many others, (1999), Evans, Kingston, and Turton (1999), McMaster, Elwood, McMaster, and Sheppard (2002), and (1999). Specific attention has been given to applications such as housing issues (e.g. (2002)) or neighborhood revitalization (e.g. & Elwood (1998)). Spatial databases along with the P-mapping are used to maintain a public records GIS or community land information systems (e.g. Niemann, Sutphin, & Chenoweth (2002)). These are just a few of the uses of GIS in the community.
Examples.
Public Participation in decision making processes works not only to identify areas of common values or variability, but also as an illustrative and instructional tool. One example of effective dialogue and building trust between the community and decision makers comes from pre-planning for development in the United Kingdom. It involves using GIS and multi-criteria decision analysis (MCDA) to make a decision about wind farm siting. This method hinges upon taking all stakeholder perspectives into account to improve chances of reaching consensus . This also creates a more transparent process and adds weight to the final decision by building upon traditional methods such as public meetings and hearings, surveys, focus groups, and deliberative processes enabling participants more insights and more informed opinions on environmental issues.
Collaborative processes that consider objective and subjective inputs have the potential to efficiently address some of the conflict between development and nature as they involve a fuller justification by wind farm developers for location, scale, and design. Spatial tools such as creation of 3D view sheds offer participants new ways of assessing visual intrusion to make a more informed decision. Higgs et al. make a very telling statement when analyzing the success of this project – “the only way of accommodating people’s landscape concerns is to site wind farms in places that people find more acceptable”. This implies that developers recognize the validity of citizens’ concerns and are willing to compromise in identifying sites where wind farms will not only be successful financially, but also successful politically and socially. This creates greater accountability and facilitates the incorporation of stakeholder values to resolve differences and gain public acceptance for vital development projects.
In another planning example, Simao et al. analyzed how to create sustainable development options with widespread community support. They determined that stakeholders need to learn likely outcomes that result from stated preferences, which can be supported through enhanced access to information and incentives to increase public participation. Through a multi-criteria spatial decision support system stakeholders were able to voice concerns and work on a compromise solution to have final outcome accepted by majority when siting wind farms. This differs from the work of Higgs et al. in that the focus was on allowing users to learn from the collaborative process, both interactively and iteratively about the nature of the problem and their own preferences for desirable characteristics of solution. 
This stimulated sharing of opinions and discussion of interests behind preferences. After understanding the problem more fully, participants could discuss alternative solutions and interact with other participants to come to a compromise solution. Similar work has been done to incorporate public participation in spatial planning for transportation system development, and this method of two-way benefits is even beginning to move towards web-based mapping services to further simplify and extend the process into the community.
External links.
Organizations

</doc>
<doc id="18908079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908079" title="Thirteen Attributes of Mercy">
Thirteen Attributes of Mercy

The Thirteen Attributes of Mercy or Shelosh-'Esreh Middot (transliterated from the Hebrew:שלש 
עשרה מדות) as enumerated in the Book of Exodus () are the Divine Attributes with which, according to Judaism, God governs the world. 
According to the explanation of Maimonides these attributes must not be regarded as qualities inherent in God, but as the method of His activity, by which the divine governance appears to the human observer to be controlled. In the Sifre, however, these attributes are not called "middot," which may mean "quality" as well as "rule" and "measure", but "derakim" (ways), since they are the ways of God which Moses prayed to know and which God proclaimed to him.
Division.
The number thirteen is adopted from Talmudic and rabbinic tradition. There are divergent opinions as to which word they begin and with which they conclude. According to some the Thirteen Attributes begin with the first "Adonai," in verse 6, and end with the word "ve-nakeh" in verse 7. The single attributes are contained in the verses as follows:
According to others the Thirteen Attributes begin only with the second "Adonai," since the first one is the subject of "va-yikra" (and He proclaimed). To secure the number thirteen, some count "noẓer ḥesed la-alafim" as two (Nissim in Tos. l.c.), while others divide "erek appayim" into two, since forbearance is shown both to the good and to the wicked (comp. the gloss on Tosafot, l.c. and Ibn Ezra, l.c.), and still others end the thirteenth middah with "lo yenaḳeh" (he does not pardon; Maimonides, "Pe'er ha-Dor," p. 19b), Lemberg, 1859), this being considered a good quality, since through punishment man is moved to repentance, after which he is pardoned and pure (comp. Yoma 86a; Aaron b. Elijah, l.c.; and "'Ez ha-Ḥayyim," ch. xcii.). Others term "ve-naḳeh lo yenaḳeh" a single middah, the thirteenth being, in their opinion, "poḳed 'awon abot 'al-banim" (visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children), "this being regarded as compassionate since the transgressor is not punished immediately" (Maimonides, l.c.; Aaron b. Ḥayyim, l.c.; comp. also "Da'at Zeḳenim").
Liturgical usage.
The general usage is that the various recitations of the thirteen middot begin with the first "Adonai" and conclude with "ve-nakeh."
They must not be recited by only one person in prayer, but by an entire congregation, which must consist of at least ten persons, a minyan.

</doc>
<doc id="18908081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908081" title="USNS Dalton Victory (T-AK-256)">
USNS Dalton Victory (T-AK-256)

USNS "Dalton Victory" (T-AK-256) was a "Greenville" "Victory" cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1950.
In 1960 she was renamed USNS "Sunnyvale" (T-AGM-5) and placed in service as a missile range instrumentation ship, and assigned to the Pacific Missile Range, where she performed missile tracking duties.
Constructed in Los Angeles, California.
"Dalton Victory" (T-AK-256) was built by California Shipbuilding Corporation, Los Angeles, California, and was completed in 1944.
Acquired by MSTS as a cargo ship.
"Dalton Victory" was acquired by the Navy and assigned to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) in a noncommissioned status on 9 August 1950.
Assigned as a missile tracking ship.
On 27 October 1960 "Dalton Victory" was reconfigured as a missile range instrumentation ship and renamed USNS "Sunnyvale" (T-AGM-5).
USNS "Sunnyvale" carried out a multitude of duties in the Pacific Ocean through 1962, including operations in support of the Pacific Missile Range, Point Mugu, California.
Inactivation.
"Sunnyvale" was place out of service at an unknown date, and was struck from the Navy List on 15 December 1974. She was disposed of by the U.S. Maritime Administration on 17 July 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18908084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908084" title="David Grindrod">
David Grindrod

David Grindrod is a British theatre and television casting director, primarily working with Andrew Lloyd Webber.
His West End theatre credits include "Mamma Mia!", "The Phantom of the Opera", "Jesus Christ Superstar", "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat", "West Side Story", "Saturday Night Fever" and "Starlight Express". More recently he has branched out into film, casting for "Mamma Mia" and "Phantom of the Opera". He has personally appeared in the BBC television series How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria and Any Dream Will Do assisting Lloyd Webber and as a member of the expert panel. During the Lloyd Webber's appearance during a week of special Hollyoaks shows David Grindrod was regularly seen chatting to Lloyd Webber.
Grindrod is currently sitting in for Andrew Lloyd Webber in his search for the new Dorothy for 'The Wizard of Oz'. (2010)

</doc>
<doc id="18908086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908086" title="Raj Bhavan (Mahabaleshwar)">
Raj Bhavan (Mahabaleshwar)

Raj Bhavan (Hindi for Government House) of Mahabaleshwar is the Summer residence of the Governor of Maharashtra, It is located in the city of Mahabaleshwar, Maharashtra.
History.
Raj Bhavan used to be known as The Terraces in the British Raj era. It served as the summer residence of the Governor of Bombay. 
The Governor uses this building for a few weeks in summer and undertakes visits from here to the neighboring places to monitor the progress of development projects and attend public functions.
"The Terraces" was purchased in 1884 and added to the Government house properties in 1886. In 1932, the earlier residence of the Governor, the "Bella Vista" was discontinued in favor of "The Terraces". It, however, seems that both houses were intermittently used, depending on the choice of every individual Governor. That is the reason why "The Terraces" had to undergo major renovation when the Governor chose to reside at "the Terraces".

</doc>
<doc id="18908111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908111" title="Andrej Rendla">
Andrej Rendla

Andrej Rendla (born 13 October 1990) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays as a striker for Dutch club FC Twente.
Career.
Early career.
Rendla debuted in professional football one day after his 16th birthday for Dukla Banská Bystrica. Because of the low age he had, he was the youngest player to debut in the Slovak Superliga ever. In 21 league matches, he scored 1 goal, and he soon attracted attention by FC Twente. In the summer of 2007, Rendla signed a youth contract with Twente.
FC Twente.
Rendla's year in FC Twente's youth was very successful with many wins, including a Youth Super Cup victory, where Rendla scored 2 goals in the final against De Graafschap's youth team. On 25 November 2007, Rendla made his debut in the Dutch league, being a substitute for Stein Huysegems in the away match against Sparta Rotterdam. He came into the pitch in the 68th minute.
In January 2008, he suffered a knee ligament injury, which will sidelined him until the end of the year. In the 2009–10 pre-season, he was back in FC Twente's squad.

</doc>
<doc id="18908121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908121" title="Benjamin Blech">
Benjamin Blech

Benjamin Blech, born in Zurich in 1933, is an Orthodox rabbi who now lives in New York City.
Rabbi Blech has been a Professor of Talmud at Yeshiva University since 1966, and was the Rabbi of Young Israel of Oceanside for 37 years. In addition to his work in the rabbinate, Rabbi Blech has written many books on Judaism and the Jewish people and speaks on Jewish topics to communities around the world.
Rabbi Blech maintains a website at http://www.benjaminblech.com .
Education.
Rabbi Blech received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Yeshiva University, a Master of Arts degree in psychology from Columbia University, and rabbinic ordination from the Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary.
Milestones.
Rabbi Blech is the author of twelve highly acclaimed and best selling books, with combined sales of close to half a million copies, including three as part of the highly popular Idiot’s Guide series. His book, Understanding Judaism: The Basics of Deed and Creed, was chosen by the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations as “the single best book on Judaism in our generation”. Together with an accompanying six hour video, filmed by the producers of 20/20, featuring Rabbi Blech, it is presently being used as the basis for study groups in numerous synagogues and universities around the country.
In the 1980s, Blech was asked by the Lubavitcher Rebbe, Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson to travel to the Far East on a speaking tour. Rabbi Schneerson paid for all Blech's travel and hotel expenses for the duration of his trip.
Rabbi Blech at one point invested fifty thousand dollars in the stock market and, over a number of years turned it into seven million dollars, before losing almost all of it. The experience was the catalyst for his 2003 book titled "Taking Stock: A Spiritual Guide to Rising Above Life’s Financial Ups and Downs."
In 2010 he was diagnosed with cardiac amyloidosis and given six months to live. In what Rabbi Blech considers a gift from God, he survived.
Relationship with the Vatican.
In January 2005, Rabbi Blech, along with Rabbis Barry Dov Schwartz and Jack Bemporad, became the first rabbis in history known to confer a blessing on a Pope, when they were invited by the Vatican to visit and bless Pope John Paul II at Clementine Hall in the Apostolic Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="18908131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908131" title="Banbury Oaks, Pasadena, California">
Banbury Oaks, Pasadena, California

Banbury Oaks is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Washington Boulevard to the north, Mountain Street to the south, Fair Oaks Avenue to the East, and Forest Avenue to the west. The neighborhood is bisected by I-210. The main roads through the neighborhood are Hammond Street and Lincoln Avenue.
Landmarks.
Most of the commercial development in the neighborhood is on Fair Oaks and Lincoln Avenues, on either side of the neighborhood. Jackie Robinson Park is located on Fair Oaks and Hammond, and his childhood home is nearby.
On the east side of Sunset Avenue from Glorieta Avenue to Hammond Avenue the three houses are not part of the Banbury Oaks Landmark District. These neighbors chose not be included in the History Landmark status of the Banbury Oaks Landmark district in the city of Pasadena.
The Pasadena Historic Preservation Commission also covers the Banbury Oaks district.
Education.
Banbury Oaks is served by Cleveland Elementary School in Muir Heights, Washington Middle School in La Pintoresca Park, Pasadena, California, and Muir High School in Muir Heights.
Transportation.
Banbury Oaks is served by Metro Rapid line 762 and Metro Local lines 177, 260, 267, and 268, as well as Pasadena ARTS routes 31, 32, 51, and 52.
Banbury Oaks Neighborhood Association.
Banbury Oaks Neighborhood Association, Pasadena, CA 91103, sets it's boundies at- Sunset Ave. between Claremont St. & Mountain St. including 1/2 block of Claremont; St. Between Glen Ave. & Sunset Ave.

</doc>
<doc id="18908132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908132" title="Arthur Norris">
Arthur Norris

Arthur Norris was a tennis player from Great Britain. At the 1900 Summer Olympics he won two Bronze medals, one in singles and one in doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="18908161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908161" title="1973 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1973 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1973 Philadelphia Eagles season was the team’s 41st in the National Football League. Although they improved upon their 2–11–1 record of the previous season, they failed to complete a winning record for the seventh consecutive season and failed to reach the playoffs for the thirteenth straight year.
Offseason.
At the end of the 1972 season, Eagles head coach Ed Khayat was fired. Mike McCormack, who had been a Washington Redskins assistant coach from 1965–1972, was hired in his place
The Eagles move training camp from Albright College in Reading, Pennsylvania, to Widener University in Chester, Pennsylvania, a short distance from Veterans Stadium.
Player selections.
The table shows the Eagles selections and what picks they had that were traded away and the team that ended up with that pick. It is possible the Eagles' pick ended up with this team via another team that the Eagles made a trade with. 
Not shown are acquired picks that the Eagles traded away. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908178" title="Southwest High School (San Antonio)">
Southwest High School (San Antonio)

Southwest High School is a 5A high school in the Southwest Independent School District of San Antonio, Texas, USA.
History.
Southwest High School has been serving the southwestern corner of Bexar County for over 60 years. Established in 1951, it has grown from a small rural high school with a graduating class of 11 students to a major 5A high school with over 3000 students. 
Organizations.
The Dragons participate in UIL District 28 5A competitions for Academic Team, Athletics, Band, Drama, Choir, Color Guard, and Dance. Other co-curricular and extra-curricular opportunities include NJROTC, National Honor Society, Best Buddies, Student Council, FFA, TAFE, DECA, Skills USA, FCCLA, and Academic Decathlon.
Athletics.
Southwest Athletic Teams include Cross Country, Volleyball, Football, Basketball, Soccer, Golf, Tennis, Track, Softball & Baseball.
Academics.
Southwest High School offers a complete academic program including 18 dual credit classes, in association with Palo Alto College, as well as Advanced Placement classes in Science and English.

</doc>
<doc id="18908182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908182" title="Prairie Queen Hotel">
Prairie Queen Hotel

In 1909-1910, a real estate promoter, William Fisher came to Alberta and bought land north of the village of Stirling, Alberta. Soon after the Canadian Pacific Railway had plans to lay tracks through Fisher's land creating a junction making it an ideal spot for a large townsite. Mr. Fisher planded out the town site of New Stirling. Once the new town was mapped out, plans for a huge hotel were made, soon to be known as the ""Prairie Queen Hotel"".
History.
The Prairie Queen Hotel was once a big three storey brick veneered building that boasted 50 rooms including a well furnished parlor, large lobby, dining room and a large room for a bar-room. All of the rooms contained electric lights and steam heating. The Prairie Queen Hotel was known as one of the best hotels west of Winnipeg and was also one of the largest hotels ever built in a new town in Western Canada.
After many years of financial difficulties, the building was set for demolition. As the demolition crew were dismantling the third floor, a company of Montana men showed an interest in buying the building and planned on using it for a guest house, but the deal was never carried out and soon fell through. Shortly after, the land company also expressed interest but was unable to complete the deal. The building then became part of a bankrupt estate, and was converted into a bank. The hotel was again made habitable and turned back into a hotel, the bar room was converted into both a bank and a residence, and one of the rooms was used as the community school room while plans for a new school were being drawn up.
In 1927 the owner died and the hotel was once again closed. In 1932 the 20 year old hotel was bought once again and was slowly dismantled so that the material Could be used to build a grocery store and pool hall in Magrath. Old remnants of the hotel's foundation can still be found on the corner of Front st. and First ave. nearly seventy seven years after its demolition.

</doc>
<doc id="18908197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908197" title="Lethlobar mac Loingsig">
Lethlobar mac Loingsig

Lethlobar mac Loingsig (died 873) was a Dál nAraidi king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He was the grandson of Tommaltach mac Indrechtaig, a previous king of Ulaid. He belonged to the main ruling dynasty of the Dal nAraide known as the Uí Chóelbad based in Mag Line, east of Antrim town in modern county Antrim. He ruled as king of the Dal nAraide from 824/849-873 and as leth-ri (co-king) of Ulaid from 857-871 and sole king of Ulaid from 871-873.
Lethlobar first appears in the annals in the year 828 when he inflicted a battle-route on the Vikings. He is called King of Dál Araidi regarding this event and Lethlobar follows Eochaid mac Bressail (d.824) as king in the king lists in the "Book of Leinster". However two other kings of the Dál Araidi appear in the "Annals of Ulster", Cináed mac Eochada (died 832) and Flannacán mac Eochada (died 849). These last two kings as well as Eochaid mac Bressail are however referred to as kings of Dál Araidi in the north and they belonged to a sept descended from Fiachra Cossalach (died 710) who may have been related to the northern Eilne branch. There was a branch of the Dal nAraidi in west County Down in the south, the Uí Echach Cobo, but they were always referred to as Kings of Coba (or Cuib) in the annals. Whether Lethlobar was king earlier or not he was definitely king from 849 on.
In 857 the Dal Fiatach king of Ulaid, Matudán mac Muiredaig died and Lethlobar became king in a joint-kingship with Cathalán mac Indrechtaig of the Leth Cathail (Lecale) branch of the Dal Fiatach. Cathalán was assassinated at the instigation of the high king Áed Findliath of the northern Ui Neill in 871 and Lethlobar became sole king. At his death notice in the annals he is referred to as an old man.
His son Cenn Étig mac Lethlobuir (died 900) was also a ruler of all Ulaid and succeeded him as King of Dál nAraidi. His daughter Barrdub was married to Áed mac Eochocáin (died 919), a Dal Fiatach King of Ulaid.

</doc>
<doc id="18908199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908199" title="Derek Keys">
Derek Keys

Derek Lyle Keys (born 30 August 1931) was the finance minister of South Africa from 1992 to September 1994, serving in the cabinets of F W de Klerk and Nelson Mandela. In order to become Finance Minister he reluctantly joined South Africa's National Party.
Career.
Derek Keys joined the Industrial Development Corporation of South Africa in 1965. In the subsequent eight years he was involved in the development of many of the major South African industries. Until 1986 Keys played largely advisory roles for several international and local companies operating in South Africa. During these 21 years he joined the boards of, inter alia, Malbak, National Discount House, Asea, Price Forbes, Sandvik, Samancor and Sappi. 
Prior to becoming minister, he had been the executive chairman of Gencor since 1986.
In December 1991 Keys was appointed Minister of Economic Co-ordination and of Trade and Industry. In 1992 the portfolio of Minister of Finance was added to Keys' tasks. He had previously served on government bodies in an advisory capacity, including the Commission for electricity, the Tax Advisory Committee and the State Presidents' Economic Advisory Council.
Keys resigned shortly on 6 July 1994, and was replaced by banker Chris Liebenberg on 19 September.

</doc>
<doc id="18908204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908204" title="1973 New York Giants season">
1973 New York Giants season

The 1973 New York Giants season was the 49th season for the club in the National Football League.
Regular season.
With Yankee Stadium undergoing refurbishment after the 1973 baseball season, the Giants played their final game there on September 23, against the Philadelphia Eagles, a 23–23 tie. The Giants played their final five home games that season at the Yale Bowl in New Haven, Connecticut. On November 18, they defeated the St. Louis Cardinals 27–13, their only victory ever recorded at Yale Bowl. They were winless in seven home games at the venue in 1974, and moved to Shea Stadium for one season in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18908205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908205" title="Interpol (1957 film)">
Interpol (1957 film)

Interpol known in the USA as Pickup Alley is a 1957 British Warwick Films crime film shot in CinemaScope starring Victor Mature, Anita Ekberg, Trevor Howard, Bonar Colleano and Sid James. It concerns an Interpol effort to stamp out a major drug-smuggling cartel in numerous countries around the world. Victor Mature plays a US narcotics officer, with Trevor Howard as a drug baron. One reviewer described the film as a "feeble thriller", although it praised the performance of Howard.
In the United States it was released as a double feature with "The Brothers Rico".

</doc>
<doc id="18908207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908207" title="Mike Kirkland (American football)">
Mike Kirkland (American football)

Mike Kirkland (born June 29, 1954 in Pasadena, Texas) is a former football quarterback, playing one season for the Baltimore Colts.
A 5th round pick in 1976 NFL Draft after finishing his collegiate career at the University of Arkansas, Kirkland completed 19 of 41 passes for 211 yards and one touchdown and eight interceptions in the 1978 season. As third string quarterback, he started one NFL game when the top two players were injured. 
Kirkland and teammate Scott Bull competed for the starting quarterback position at Arkansas and were both drafted into the NFL in 1976 and played in the league. 
Kirkland was also a kicker and punter, helping to keep him on the Baltimore roster as a backup quarterback and special teams player.

</doc>
<doc id="18908210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908210" title="Ruston, Proctor and Company">
Ruston, Proctor and Company

Ruston, Proctor and Company was established in Lincoln, England in 1857, and were manufacturers of steam tractors and engines. They later became Rustons and then Ruston & Hornsby.
History.
The firm started as millwrights and implement manufacturers 'Burton & Proctor' in Lincoln in 1840. Joseph Ruston became a partner in the company in 1857, and the company changed name to Ruston, Proctor & Co. and grew to become a major agricultural engineering firm.
In 1918 the firm merged with the established Richard Hornsby & Sons company, from Grantham, Lincolnshire.
Rustons were primarily steam engineers, manufacturing portable, stationary and traction engines, boilers, and associated engineering products such as winding gear, shafts and pulleys. Threshing machines, clover hullers, corn mills, maize shellers and pumps for steam power were also made. As well as engines for agriculture machines Rustons made railway locomotives, industrial equipment and mining machinery. The company also expanded into electrical and diesel engineering. 
The firm were one of the first to manufacture steam-powered excavating machinery – in the 1880s producing the "Dunbar & Ruston's" steam navvy (excavator). These 2 cu yd machines were used in the construction of the Manchester Ship Canal. In 1906 they built the "Ruston Light Steam Shovel", and exhibited it at the Royal Agricultural Show of 1907 held in Lincoln, the machine being of 3/4 cu yd capacity.
The firm later became Ruston-Bucyrus.

</doc>
<doc id="18908213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908213" title="Macinhata do Vouga">
Macinhata do Vouga

Macinhata do Vouga is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Águeda, Aveiro district.

</doc>
<doc id="18908224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908224" title="Richard I. Bong Airport">
Richard I. Bong Airport

Richard I. Bong Airport is a city owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Superior, a city in Douglas County, Wisconsin, United States. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Also known as Richard I. Bong Memorial Airport, it is named after World War II fighter pilot Richard I. Bong, the highest scoring U.S. fighter ace in history.
Facilities and aircraft.
Richard I. Bong Airport covers an area of 571 acres (231 ha) at an elevation of 674 feet (205 m) above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 3/21 is 5,100 by 75 feet (1,554 x 23 m) and 13/31 is 4,001 by 75 feet (1,220 x 23 m).
For the 12-month period ending September 2, 2009, the airport had 19,250 aircraft operations, an average of 52 per day: 96% general aviation, 4% air taxi, and <1% military. At that time there were 52 aircraft based at this airport: 77% single-engine, 12% multi-engine, 4% helicopter, 2% glider, and 6% ultralight.
The BONG (SUW) non-directional beacon, 260 kHz, is located on field.

</doc>
<doc id="18908231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908231" title="Andre McCollin">
Andre McCollin

Andre Stefan McCollin (born 26 March 1985) is an English footballer who plays as a striker who plays for Kingstonian.
Career.
Born in Lambeth, London, McCollin spent one season with Fisher Athletic joining from Corinthian Casuals, where he scored 19 goals in 2006–07. McCollin made his Football League debut coming off the bench for Yeovil Town against Hereford United in August 2008.
McCollin signed for Grays Athletic on loan in November 2008. He made his debut in the 1–1 FA Cup first round draw with Carlisle United on 8 November 2008.
McCollin signed on loan for Dorchester Town in October 2009. He made his debut and in the process scored a goal in the 3–1 loss to Dover Athletic on 31 October 2009.
On 12 February 2010, McCollin joined Farnborough on loan.
He was released along with three other players on 13 May 2010 by Yeovil, and then returned to Farnborough on a non-contract basis before leaving again after only two substitute appearances.
He joined his home-town side Croydon Athletic in August 2010, coming on as substitute on 28 August, in the 65th minute, before being carried off injured after 15 minutes. As of 20 August 2012, McCollin is playing for Kingstonian.

</doc>
<doc id="18908240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908240" title="Syria TV">
Syria TV

Syria TV (Arabic:القناة الفضائية السورية), also known as Syrian Satellite Channel is a satellite television channel owned by RTV Syria and broadcast throughout the world on various satellites. The television station is based in Damascus, Syria since 1995.
Programs.
Syria TV features a variety of general-interest programs.
The programmes are mostly in Arabic except for a number of English programmes and some news broadcasts in 
English, French, Spanish, Russian and newly in Turkish.
Syria TV during the Syrian crisis.
The Arab League officially asked the satellite operators Arabsat and Nilesat to stop broadcasting Syrian media, including Syria TV in June 2012. 
On 5 September 2012, Syrian Television Channels broadcast were broken off on Arabsat and Nilesat, including Syria TV. Syria TV and Syrian Drama TV broadcasts were stopped on Hotbird on 22 October 2012.
On May 26, 2013 Opposition forces opened fire on the Syria TV team near al-Daba'a village in the countryside of al-Qusayr in Homs province, injuring Cameraman "Asem al-Shaar".

</doc>
<doc id="18908244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908244" title="Dary Dasuda">
Dary Dasuda

Dary Dasuda is a former Nigerien bantamweight boxer. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics, losing in his only match to Solly Shittu of Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="18908245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908245" title="Street Gospel (album)">
Street Gospel (album)

Street Gospel is the 1997 debut album by American West Coast hip hop artist Suga Free. The album was produced by DJ Quik. Notable guests include, Playa Hamm, Hi-C, and DJ Quik. The album was also released in a clean version which is out of print

</doc>
<doc id="18908247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908247" title="Mount Widerøe">
Mount Widerøe

Mount Widerøe () is a large mountain rising to 3,180 m between Mount Walnum and Mount Nils Larsen in the Sør Rondane Mountains on the continent of Antarctica.
Discovery and naming.
Mount Widerøe was mapped by Norwegian cartographers in 1946 from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and named for Viggo Widerøe, airplane pilot of this expedition. It was remapped by the Norwegians in 1957 from air photos taken on USN Operation Highjump, 1946–47.

</doc>
<doc id="18908267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908267" title="Quebec Skating Rink">
Quebec Skating Rink

Quebec Skating Rink was the name of several ice rinks in Quebec City, Quebec. The first was built in 1851, and was the world's first covered skating rink, and was located near the St. Lawrence River. The second rink, built in 1864, was situated on the Grand-Allée, as were the third and fourth rinks. The rinks were developed initially for ice skating, but the developing sport of ice hockey, saw the inauguration of the Quebec Hockey Club in the 1880s, which would use the rink as their home rink. The hockey club would move to the new, larger Quebec Arena in 1913.
History.
The first, opened in 1851 was the first covered skating rink in the world. It was located on a dock near the St. Lawrence River. The second rink opened in 1864. It was located on the south side of the Grand-Allée, on the grounds of what is today the Plains of Abraham park. 
The third rink, opened in December 1877, was located on the north side of the Grand-Allée, but was dismantled in 1891 because the Parliament Building wanted more room. The third rink was designed by William Tutin Thomas, the son of William Thomas.
The fourth rink was built on the south side of the Grand-Allée in 1889. It would host the two Stanley Cup victories of the Quebec Hockey Club (by then known as the "Bulldogs") in 1912 and 1913. The rink was located at the entrance to the Plains of Abraham park. The fourth rink was destroyed by fire in 1918. 
In 1913, after the second Stanley Cup win, the Quebec Hockey Club proposed to build a new facility. With support of Quebec City Council, a new arena is built in Victoria Park by a group headed by Joseph-Etienne Dussualt. The 6,000 seat venue, known as Quebec Arena is built in time for its first game in December 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="18908278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908278" title="1972 St. Louis Cardinals (NFL) season">
1972 St. Louis Cardinals (NFL) season

The 1972 St. Louis Cardinals season was the team's 53rd year with the National Football League. On September 2, William V. Bidwill purchased the stock of his brother Charles "Stormy" Bidwill to become sole owner of the Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="18908281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908281" title="Robert Stewart, Master of Atholl">
Robert Stewart, Master of Atholl

Robert Stewart, Master of Atholl was a Scottish nobleman of royal descent. He was the grandson of Walter Stewart, 1st Earl of Atholl, and the great-grandson of Robert II of Scotland. He was executed, along with his grandfather and other Scottish noblemen on 26 March 1437, for his role in the murder of James I of Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="18908285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908285" title="Kyrkjeskipet Peak">
Kyrkjeskipet Peak

Kyrkjeskipet Peak () is a peak, high, just north of Kapellet Canyon and dominating the northeastern part of Jøkulkyrkja Mountain in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Antarctica. It was mapped from surveys and air photos by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956-60) and named Kyrkjeskipet (the church nave).

</doc>
<doc id="18908287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908287" title="Kyurdalilyar">
Kyurdalilyar

Kyurdalilyar (also, Kyurd-Alilar and Kyurdalylar) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18908288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908288" title="Əzgilli, Goygol">
Əzgilli, Goygol

Əzgilli (also, Ezgilly) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Toğanalı. The etymology of the name ascends to the Türkic tribe Esegel (aka "Izgil", ), known from the Chinese annals and Orkhon inscriptions.

</doc>
<doc id="18908292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908292" title="Əzgilli">
Əzgilli

Əzgilli or Ezgilly or Azgilli or Azgilo or Ezgilli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18908293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908293" title="Issoufou Habou">
Issoufou Habou

Issoufou Habou (born 1945) is a former Nigerien light-middleweight boxer. Habou competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics for Niger. He lost his only match to Mohamed Majeri of Tunisia.

</doc>
<doc id="18908296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908296" title="Psittacism">
Psittacism

Psittacism is speech or writing that appears mechanical or repetitive in the manner of a parrot. More generally it is a pejorative description of the use of words which appear to have been used without regard to their meaning. 
The word is derived from the Latin term for parrots "psittaci" in an analogy with the ability of some parrots to speak human words but without any knowledge of their meaning.
Parrots, in turn, may be used as symbols of psittacism. In Flaubert's story "Un cœur simple" the parrot may have been used in this manner. Ben Stoltzfus wrote in "The French Review":
Thus, Loulou is a parrot, and at the same time a symbol of psittacism, that
malady of so many of Flaubert's characters who either parrot banalities
without thought or meaning, or are the victims of this psittacism.

</doc>
<doc id="18908298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908298" title="Toğanalı">
Toğanalı

Toğanalı (also, Toganaly and Toganly) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 989. The municipality consists of the villages of Toğanalı and Əzgilli.

</doc>
<doc id="18908301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908301" title="Kashtin (album)">
Kashtin (album)

Kashtin is the debut album by Canadian folk rock duo Kashtin, released in 1989. The album featured the hit singles "Tshinanu" and "E Uassiuian".
Track listing.
As with all three of the band's albums, the album cover included title translations in both English and French, as well as the original titles in Innu, the band's native language. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908302" title="Tülallar">
Tülallar

Tülallar (also, Tulalar, Tülalar, and Tulallar) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 207. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908303" title="Sarısu, Goygol">
Sarısu, Goygol

Sarısu (also, Sarysu) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 447. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908317" title="Bellefontaine/Governor Markham, Pasadena, California">
Bellefontaine/Governor Markham, Pasadena, California

Bellefontaine is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California, immediately south of Downtown. The neighborhood is bordered by Del Mar Boulevard to the north, Columbia Street to the south, Orange Grove Boulevard to the west, and Fair Oaks Avenue to the east. The main roads through the neighborhood are California Boulevard and Pasadena Avenue.
A small part of the neighborhood on Markham street is referred to as the Governor Markham Landmark District, as the neighborhood was once home to California Governor Henry Markham.
Landmarks.
Bellefontaine is home to Huntington Memorial Hospital, currently Pasadena's only hospital. In the center of the neighborhood is Singer Park.
Education.
Bellefontaine is served by both San Rafael and McKinley elementary schools, and Blair High School for both middle school and high school. Mayfield Senior School, Waverly School and Westridge School are private schools located in the neighborhood.
Transportation.
A tiny, 300-foot stretch of the Metro Gold Line runs through the neighborhood's southeastern corner. The nearest station is on Fillmore Street, one block from the neighborhood's edge.
Bellefontaine is served by Metro Rapid Line 762, as well as Metro Local lines 177, 256, 260, 686, and 687. Pasadena ARTS routes 20, 51, 52, and 70 also serve the neighborhood.
The neighborhood is partially bisected by a small portion of the incomplete Interstate 710. To prevent further destruction to the neighborhood, plans are underway to construct the remainder of the freeway underground.

</doc>
<doc id="18908320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908320" title="Sarısu, Azerbaijan">
Sarısu, Azerbaijan

Sarısu, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18908325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908325" title="Mesa Power LP">
Mesa Power LP

Mesa Power is a wind energy company owned by T. Boone Pickens. The company had plans to build large wind farms in the western Texas panhandle, the so-called Pampa Wind Project, part of the Pickens Plan. However, on July 8, 2009 the wind farm project was delayed for what were described as economic reasons. Pickens says he is fully committed to wind energy and to developing wind projects in the US and perhaps, Canada but that because of capital market setbacks he plans to be less aggressive with the Panhandle project [http://mesapowergroup.com/. The company remains committed to the delivery 667 wind turbines and is planning to find projects for them. The company also plans to continue development of the Pampa project, but not at the pace originally expected.

</doc>
<doc id="18908331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908331" title="Mondialogo Engineering Award">
Mondialogo Engineering Award

Mondialogo Engineering Award was established to encourage cooperation and dialogue between engineering people from different countries and cultures, working together across continents on a joint project activity. Daimler and UNESCO invite student engineers from universities around the world to apply for the largest international engineering competition - the Mondialogo Engineering Award. The award was supported by the World Federation of Engineering Organisations (WFEO), who promoted it to its national members and took part in the judging panel.
The scheme has closed with Daimler and UNESCO ending their partnership in 2010. It is not clear if an alternative sponsor or scheme will be created.
Previous Rounds.
The first round of the competition 2005 ended with a symposium in Berlin while the second round in 2007 ended in Mumbai. In its first round, the Mondialogo Engineering Award brought over 1,700 young engineers from 79 countries together to work on engineering solutions tackling poverty and promoting sustainable development in all regions of the world. While in the second round 3200 students from 89 countries participated.
Goals.
The Mondialogo Engineering Award invited engineering students in developing and developed countries to form international teams to create project proposals that address the United Nations Millennium Development Goals to 1) eradicate extreme poverty and hunger; 2) achieve universal primary education; 3) promote gender equality and empower women; 4) reduce child mortality; 5) improve maternal health; 6) combat HIV/AIDS, malaria and other diseases; 7) ensure environmental sustainability; and 8) develop global partnerships for development. Mondialogo encourages proposals that will improve the quality of life in the developing world, particularly poverty eradication and the promotion of sustainable development.
Procedure.
International Project Teams eligible to apply for the Mondialogo Engineering Award consisted of two student groups from two higher education establishments, with one group from a developing country and the other from a developed country. The Mondialogo Internet Portal www.mondialogo.org acts as a contact centre for groups to meet each other, aiming to function as a virtual office for inter-group communications. Teams had until April 2009 to develop and design their project proposals. An international jury then assessed the entries and decide on the awarding, which formed part of a festive ceremony in latter 2009. Key factors in the assessment are sustainability, technical quality, feasibility of the project proposals and the quality of the intercultural cooperation between the teams.
Criteria.
The following criteria were taken into consideration when assessing the final project proposals:
Quality of project – quality of analysis and understanding of a relevant problem, quality and innovativeness of project idea and design, and quality of presentation of the project proposal 
Degree to which the project addresses the Millennium Development Goals, especially poverty eradication and sustainable social development 
Relevance of project proposal in mitigating negative impacts of climate change 
Feasibility of the proposed project – demonstration of the practicality of implementing the proposed project, and benefit to local community; 
Quality of Dialogue – level of communication within project teams and student groups, balanced involvement of both student groups
Awards.
Ten Mondialogo Engineering Awards of € 20,000 went to teams with the top project proposals, with an Honourable Mention and € 5,000 earmarked for twenty more teams. Representatives of the 30 finalist project teams (consisting of one member of each student group two members of each International Project Team) were invited to the Mondialogo Engineering Award Symposium. At the Symposium, each team made a presentation of their project proposal, followed by an Award Ceremony where the Mondialogo Engineering Awards and Honourable Mentions were announced. All participating teams that submit project proposals received an official certificate in recognition of their achievements and their commitment to the worldwide exchange of knowledge and intercultural dialogue. Additionally, Daimler and UNESCO publicized the 30 winning projects.
Eligibility to participate.
Students from all fields of engineering were eligible to register for the Mondialogo Engineering Award. All members of the two (or more) student groups must have been officially registered as students at universities, technical colleges or similar institutions through to May 2009. Employees of commercial institutions and companies or students above 35 years of age were not eligible to participate.
References.
Mondialogo Web Site

</doc>
<doc id="18908335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908335" title="Bandido (song)">
Bandido (song)

"Bandido" (, "Bandit"), written by José Luis Abel and composed by Raúl Orellana and Jaime Stinus, was Spain's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed by the sister duo Azúcar Moreno.
Internal selection.
Televisión Española (TVE), the national broadcaster of Spain, used an internal selection process to choose Azúcar Moreno, who were becoming popular by combining traditional Spanish flamenco roots with urban contemporary musical styles, in this case electronic music. The song chosen to go with them to Zagreb, Croatia (then Yugoslavia), "Bandido", was produced by Raúl Orellana, one of the most respected dance music producers in Spain. The studio recording includes the spoken intro ""Ladies and gentlemen, it's showtime at the Apollo Theater. Everybody, the hardest-working man in show business"", sampled from James Brown's 1963 album "Live at the Apollo".
Eurovision 1990.
At Zagreb, the song was performed first on the night, preceding Greece's Christos Callow and Wave with "Horis Skopo". At the end of judging that evening, "Bandido" took the fifth place slot with 96 points. Germany was the only country to award Spain with the 12 points that evening, the highest amount possible from a country. This was however a considerably better result than the last time Spain sent a flamenco influenced song to the Contest; in 1983 Remedios Amaya's "¿Quién maneja mi barca?" finished last with a grand total of 0 points.
The song is about a "bandit", who stole the girls' love only to leave them with nothing except pain and sadness. The sisters beg the bandit to come back, to fulfill their longing for "dark passion", hoping that his love will be as fiery as a volcano. In the chorus, the sisters repeat that the bandit, with his eyes and lies, stole "the blood and life of hearts." Musically, the song is known for having one of the longest instrumental intros in Eurovision history; 45 seconds of a total of 3 minutes.
Technical difficulties.
One notable aspect of the performance was due to a technical glitch, in that one of the backing tracks started in a later position than expected. The two singers started their choreographed dance before the song, realized the tape was in the wrong position, and abruptly walked offstage in a huff, leaving viewers to wonder what had happened. After the two left the stage, BBC commentator Terry Wogan remarked, "Let's hope it doesn't go on like this or we're in for a very long night, ladies and gentlemen." After two minutes, during which the arena became silent, the sisters returned and the song was then performed in its entirety without a hitch. In 2003, BBC chose "Bandido," and all the events and difficulties surrounding the performance, as one of the most memorable moments in Eurovision history.
Chart success.
After the contest, "Bandido," as a single and album, propelled Azúcar Moreno to superstardom not only in Spain, but also in Europe and Latin America, where they continued to have success for the next decade.

</doc>
<doc id="18908339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908339" title="Vuelve conmigo">
Vuelve conmigo

"Vuelve conmigo" (, "Come Back to Me") was the Spanish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, composed by José María Purón and sung by Anabel Conde in Spanish.
Performing ninth on the night of the contest, following Austria's Stella Jones with "Die Welt dreht sich verkehrt" and preceding Turkey's Arzu Ece with "Sev", the song received 119 points, placing 2nd in a field of twenty-three, and giving Spain their best placing since the 1979 Contest, when Betty Missiego finished as the runner-up with "Su canción".
The preview week music video was taped in Madrid. Outside waterside scenes were taped near the Monumento al Ahogado.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1996 Contest by Antonio Carbonell with "¡Ay, qué deseo!".

</doc>
<doc id="18908342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908342" title="Quşçu, Goygol">
Quşçu, Goygol

Quşçu (also, Quşçu Armavir, Kushchi-Armavir, Kushchu Armavir, and Kushi-Armavir) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 418. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908350" title="1967 Detroit Lions season">
1967 Detroit Lions season

The 1967 Detroit Lions season was the 38th season in franchise history. On August 5, the Lions played the Denver Broncos in an exhibition match. The Broncos beat the Lions by a score of 13–7 and became the first AFL team to beat an NFL team.
The Lions boasted both the NFL's Offensive and Defensive rookies of the year: running back Mel Farr and cornerback Lem Barney.

</doc>
<doc id="18908352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908352" title="Zurnabad">
Zurnabad

Zurnabad (also, Surnabab, Zhurnadad, and Zurnadad or Voskanapat) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,273. The municipality consists of the villages of Zurnabad, Aşağı Zurnabad, and Gəncə.

</doc>
<doc id="18908353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908353" title="Hacıkənd, Goygol">
Hacıkənd, Goygol

Hacıkənd (also, Adzhakend and Adzhikend) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18908354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908354" title="George Williams (catcher)">
George Williams (catcher)

George Erik Williams (April 22, 1969 in La Crosse, Wisconsin), is a retired professional baseball player who played catcher in the Major Leagues from -. He played for the Oakland Athletics and San Diego Padres.

</doc>
<doc id="18908356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908356" title="Dozular">
Dozular

Dozular (also, Birges and Dosular) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 518. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908359" title="Aşıqlı">
Aşıqlı

Aşıqlı (also, Ashygly and Voroshilovka) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,831. The municipality consists of the villages of Aşıqlı and Keşkü.

</doc>
<doc id="18908361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908361" title="Köşkü">
Köşkü

Köşkü (also, Keşkü, Keshkyu, Keshki, and Keshkyul’) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Aşıqlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18908363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908363" title="Harouna Lago">
Harouna Lago

Harouna Lago (born 1946) is a former Nigerien featherweight boxer. Lago competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics for Niger. He lost his only match to eventual gold medal winner Boris Kuznetsov of the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18908364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908364" title="Iren River">
Iren River

Iren () is a river in Perm Krai, Russia, a left tributary of the Sylva River. It is 214 km long, with a drainage basin of 6 110 km².
It starts near village Verh-Iren, in Oktyabrsky District and flows through Uinsky, Ordinsky and Kungursky districts of Perm Krai. 
Main tributaries:

</doc>
<doc id="18908366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908366" title="Topalhəsənli, Goygol">
Topalhəsənli, Goygol

Topalhəsənli (also, Topalgasanli, Topalgasanly, and Topalkhasanly) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,715. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908367" title="The Wench is Dead">
The Wench is Dead

The Wench is Dead is a historical crime novel by Colin Dexter, the eighth novel in the Inspector Morse series. The novel received the Gold Dagger Award in 1989.
Plot introduction.
In 1859, the body of a young woman was found floating in the Oxford Canal; her death led to a sensational murder trial, and two men were eventually hanged for the murder.
In 1989, Inspector Morse is recovering from a bleeding ulcer in Oxford's John Radcliffe Hospital. Morse is given a book by the wife of a recently deceased patient at the hospital. The little book called "Murder on the Oxford Canal" tells the story of the murder of Joanna Franks aboard the canal boat "Barbara Bray". Morse is soon convinced that the two men hanged for the crime were innocent and sets out to prove it from the confines of his bed.
Explanation of the novel's title.
The title of the novel comes from Christopher Marlowe's play "The Jew of Malta", the following quotation serves as the epigraph to the novel:
References to actual events.
Colin Dexter based the novel on the 1839 murder of 37-year-old Christina Collins as she travelled the Trent and Mersey Canal at Rugeley, Staffordshire on the "Staffordshire Knot" en route to London. Of the four crewmen, captain James Owen and boatman George Thomas were hanged for the murder by William Calcraft and assistant George Smith, while boatman William Ellis was transported for his involvement (following a last minute reprieve from his death sentence), and cabin boy William Muston was not charged. The evidence was largely circumstantial; the three accused were drunk at the time of the woman's death, numerous witnesses attested to Collins being distressed as the men used sexually explicit language towards her, and all four men (including the cabin boy) were seen to have lied in court in an attempt to pin the blame on each other and to escape punishment. The three accused stated that Collins jumped into the canal of her own accord and drowned, despite the fact that the water at the particular section of the canal was less than four foot in depth. Alan Hayhurst, author of 2008 book "Staffordshire Murders" states that "this author does not agree with Mr Dexter's conclusions!"
According to the dedication to the novel, it was Harry Judge, a "lover of canals", who introduced Dexter to the small book "The Murder of Christina Collins" by John Godwin, a local historian and former headteacher in Rugeley. The booklet gives many details of Christina’s early life and the criminal trial that followed her murder.
Much of the research for the novel was carried out at the William Salt Library in Stafford. Dexter recalls that he spent "a good many fruitful hours in the library" consulting contemporary newspaper reports of Christina's murder.
Awards and nominations.
"The Wench is Dead" won the British Crime Writers' Association Gold Dagger Award for the best crime novel of the year in 1989.
Television and radio adaptations.
The novel was filmed as an episode in "Inspector Morse" and was first aired on 11 November 1998. The filming took place on the Grand union canal at Braunston locks, South of Braunston tunnel and on the Kennet and Avon Canal, all broad canals, whereas the Oxford canal is a narrow canal. The historical office and loading scenes were filmed at The Black Country museum in Dudley. The Barge Inn at Honeystreet, Pewsey Wilts was used in many scenes and pictures from the filming are on their website http://www.the-barge-inn.com/index.php . The Boats were provided by South Midland Water Transport and 'Barbara Bray' is actually 'Australia' built in 1894 by Fellows, Morton & Clayton Limited. 'Trafalgar' was Northolt built in 1899 by the same firm. 'Fazeley' built in 1921 is also used but carries two names. Three motor boats (Archimedes, Clover and Jaguar) were used to tow the unpowered horse boats around the country to the various locations which involved a two week trip.
A BBC Radio 4 play "The Wench is Dead" dramatised by Guy Meredith was broadcast in 1992 starring John Shrapnel as Morse and Robert Glenister as Lewis, with Garard Green as Col. Deniston, Joanna Myers as Christine Greenaway, Peter Penry-Jones as Waggy Greenaway, and Kate Binchy as Sister MacLean. The play was directed by Ned Chaillet.

</doc>
<doc id="18908370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908370" title="Hound trailing">
Hound trailing

Hound trailing is a traditional Cumbrian dog sport now also practised in other areas of northern England as well as Ireland. Trail hounds, originally Fox Hounds, follow a cross-country course of approximately ten miles marked by an aniseed and paraffin oil trail.
The sport is regulated by a number of hound trailing organisations and is a form of gambling, similar to horse racing. Participants will gamble on the outcome as well as compete for prize money.
History.
Hound trailing originated in the 18th century, when a dispute arose as to which of two foxhunting packs was the fastest. Later years saw the addition of the aniseed and paraffin scent trail. The Hound Trailing Association, LTD (HTA) was set up in 1906 as the first association to oversee trails. This was later followed by others such as the Borders Hound Trailing Association, BHTA, in 1933, the Yorkshire Hound Trailing Association, YHTA as well as Irish associations in County Cork and County Kerry.
Trail Hounds.
Originally, hound dogs were fell foxhounds. Over the years, selective breeding has been used to improve the speed of hounds used in the sport. The Hound Trailing Association has stated that foxhounds can no longer be accepted as participants in trails due to their relative lack of speed. However, foxhounds crossed with trail-hounds are acceptable as a way of improving the stamina of bloodlines. A foxhound trail-hound cross will take roughly three generations to regain the speed required to be competitive.
Retired hounds, hounds that "interfere" with other hounds in races and hounds that are naturally too slow to be competitive can be retrained as pets and rehoused.
Modern Hound Trailing.
Owners of hounds register them with one of the various hound trailing associations and also pay a fixed member's fee. The hound trailing season runs from 1 March to 31 October each year. Trails occur several times a week during this period.
The association will get permission from any farmers and landowners over whose land the trail may run. Owners and supporters will gather at the start of the trail, often along with stalls for bets to be placed and stands for food and drinks to be sold. "Trailers" will drag a rag soaked in aniseed, paraffin and oil across the course, leaving a scent trail. The dogs will then be lined up, held by their owners until the starting flag. They will then be released to follow the course, which often takes between 25 and 45 minutes. The first back is the winner, with rosettes, ribbons and cups as well as prize money being awarded to those achieving good positions in particular races or overall league tables.
The sport is highly competitive, and some dogs have been deliberately injured on the trail by owners to give their own dogs a better chance on future trails.

</doc>
<doc id="18908372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908372" title="Tambuco">
Tambuco

Tambuco is a Mexican contemporary classical percussion group which has been nominated three times for awards including Best Classical Album. It was founded in 1993. The group consists of four percussionists: Ricardo Gallardo, Alfredo Bringas, Raúl Tudón and Miguel González. Their name comes from Carlos Chávez's work "Tambuco" for percussion ensemble.
Tambuco has played on three continents, has received many awards worldwide, and has collaborated with composers such as Keiko Abe, Glen Vélez, Michael Nyman, Steward Copeland, Valerie Naranjo, Robert Van Sice, Celso Machado, Enrique Diemecke and Eduardo Mata, who worked with Tambuco to record the percussion works of Carlos Chávez for Dorian Recordings label.
Tambuco has a repertoire ranging from structuralist percussion music to a wide range of ethnic drum music and avant garde.
External links.
Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="18908376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908376" title="Pənahlılar">
Pənahlılar

Pənahlılar (until 2008, Pənahlar, Panakhlar, and Panakhlyar) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,106. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908392" title="Çaylı, Goygol">
Çaylı, Goygol

Çaylı (also, Chayly) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 875. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908393" title="Akua Tuta">
Akua Tuta

Akua Tuta is the third album by Canadian folk rock duo Kashtin, released in 1994.
The title track was selected by Robbie Robertson for inclusion on his television soundtrack "Music for The Native Americans", and was also used on "Due South" in the episode "Hawk and a Handsaw".
"Akua Tuta" was the final album released by the band under the name Kashtin, although band members Claude McKenzie and Florent Vollant have each continued to record as solo artists.
Track listing.
As with all three of the band's albums, the album cover included title translations in both English and French, as well as the original titles in Innu, the band's native language.

</doc>
<doc id="18908396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908396" title="Derebeyli">
Derebeyli

Derebeyli (also, Derebegly) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18908399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908399" title="Yalqışlaq">
Yalqışlaq

Yalqışlaq (also, Yalkyshlag and Yalkyshlak) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qızılca.

</doc>
<doc id="18908400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908400" title="Qızılca, Goygol">
Qızılca, Goygol

Qızılca (also, Kyzyldzha) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,703. The municipality consists of the villages of Qızılca, Damcılı, Danayeri, Yalqışlaq, and Yeni Qızılca.

</doc>
<doc id="18908402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908402" title="Danayeri">
Danayeri

Danayeri (also, Danayer and Malyr Danair) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qızılca.

</doc>
<doc id="18908404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908404" title="Jean Nicolas Bréon">
Jean Nicolas Bréon

Jean Nicolas Bréon (1785–1864), often known as Nicolas Bréon, was a noted French plant collector and botanist.
Bréon was the first director (1817–1831) of the Jardin du Roy (now the Jardin de l'État) in the Île Bourbon (now Réunion).

</doc>
<doc id="18908405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908405" title="Damcılı">
Damcılı

Damcılı (also, Damdzhaly, Damdzhyly, and Damzhaly) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qızılca.

</doc>
<doc id="18908408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908408" title="Mayaki Seydou">
Mayaki Seydou

Mayaki Seydou (born 1949) is a former Nigerien bantamweight boxer. Seydou competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics for Niger. In his first match, Seydou beat Turkey's Mehmet Kunova before losing to East Germany's Stefan Förster.

</doc>
<doc id="18908421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908421" title="Colonia (A Camp album)">
Colonia (A Camp album)

Colonia is the second studio album by A Camp, the collaborative side project between The Cardigans vocalist Nina Persson, her husband, composer Nathan Larson and former Atomic Swing guitarist Niclas Frisk. The album was released on 28 January 2009 in Scandinavia by Universal and in the U.K. and Mainland Europe by independent British label Reveal Records on 2 February and 20 March respectively, while in the United States the album was released through Nettwerk on 28 April 2009.
"Stronger Than Jesus" was released as the first single from "Colonia" on 19 January 2009. In Sweden, the song spent eleven weeks on the Sverigetopplistan chart, eventually peaking at #8, making it their most successful single to date in the region. "Love Has Left The Room" was released as the second single in the U.K. and Ireland, while "My America" became the second Swedish single.
An EP of outtakes, "Covers", was released in digital format on 9 June 2009 in support of the album.
Background and production.
Following the release of A Camp's "self-titled debut album" in 2001 and the subsequent tours, Persson returned to her position as front-woman with The Cardigans for the release of "Long Gone Before Daylight" (2003) and "Super Extra Gravity" (2005). When the band ceased all promotional activities following a South American festival tour in September 2006, Persson decided to revisit the A Camp project with the view of releasing a new studio album by 2008.
The initial demo sessions were met with frustration, however, when Persson struggled to find the right framework to produce a new A Camp record, with Persson admitting "first A Camp album was like my perfect country record. I didn't want this one to sound anything like the first, because that would have cheapened it. And I didn't want it to sound like a Cardigans album. It took a long time to work out what to do next and figure out what songs would be suitable. I ended up going back in time for the answer." 
Inspiration came following a safari trip to South Africa in early 2007. "I went there specifically to get away from writing songs, but being among the lions made me think of an old-fashioned empire - and that led to the idea of the decadence of old kings and queens."
The recording of a second A Camp album was officially confirmed by Persson in an interview with Swedish newspaper "Dagens Nyheter" in May 2007. The interview stated that, mere weeks after recording had started, half a dozen backing tracks were completed and that these were "going to get lyrics about everything from Chinatown in New York to animals in Africa," while the sound of the album was said to be inspired by "girl-pop from the 60's, 80's punk and David Bowie," but Persson made particular mention of Adam Ant, indicating that a cover of his song ""Prince Charming"" may be included.
The process of recording was undertaken by more that of "a proper band" comparison to the first A Camp record, as Persson "realised touring the first A Camp that I hate being thought of as a solo artist. It's too lonely. I've grown up in a band, and I need people around me." Persson, along with Atomic Swing founder Niclas Frisk and Persson's husband, former Shudder To Think guitarist Nathan Larson, constructed the majority of the backing tracks. "I made Nathan audition," Persson once said jokingly in an interview. The core group of musicians was rounded out by Kevin March, who performed drums on the majority of the album, and whom Nathan had worked with previously as a member of Shudder To Think.
Of the duet with Swedish singer Nicolai Dunger, Persson has said "I love the idea of duets, but too many are simple love songs. I don't understand that - you know the singers aren't going to fuck, so it feels fake and cheesy. But I'd thought for a long time my voice would work well with Nicolai."
Among the many notable guest musicians who contributed to the album are Joan Wasser, former Smashing Pumpkins guitarist James Iha and classically trained cello player Jane Scarpantoni, who had previously worked with artists such as Bruce Springsteen, Patti Smith, Sheryl Crow, R.E.M., Lou Reed and 10,000 Maniacs. Sparklehorse's Mark Linkous, who produced the majority of the first A Camp record, makes an appearance on slide guitar on album closer ""The Weed Had Got There First"." When asked why he wasn't at the helm of this record also, Persson replied, "because he didn't need to. Once the songs finally came, we wanted to get going. I love Mark, but obviously he's a busy man. And with the three of us producing, it helps send out the message: A Camp is now a band. A fucking great one too."
Tracklisting.
All songs written and composed by Niclas Frisk, Nina Persson and Nathan Larson.

</doc>
<doc id="18908427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908427" title="Sean John McCann">
Sean John McCann

A Canadian citizen, Moley Sean Gerard McCann (also "Sean John McCann") was one of four members of the Provisional Irish Republican Army arrested by the FBI, with help from the BATF, following a two-month investigation that culminated in the attempted purchase of a Stinger missile in January 1990.
McCann, 33 years old at the time of his arrest, was living in a trailer park in the southern portion of Palm Beach.
The four men had paid $50,000 to an undercover FBI agent, after all four men arranged to meet the man at a warehouse where he claimed to store stolen military equipment.
Seamus Moley, one of the four men arrested, saw his brother Patrick Moley arrested two years later on charges of purchasing detonators for the IRA in Arizona, although he was found not guilty.

</doc>
<doc id="18908428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908428" title="Brigden Ranch, Pasadena, California">
Brigden Ranch, Pasadena, California

Brigden Ranch is a neighborhood in northeast Pasadena, California and unincorporated Los Angeles County, California. The Bridgen Ranch Neighborhood Association defines the borders of Bridgen Ranch as Galbreth Road on the north (including Westlyn Place and Eastlyn Place), Casa Grande Street on the south, North Allen Avenue on the west, and Martelo Avenue on the east.
Landmarks.
All of the commercial development in the neighborhood is on Allen Avenue. Brigden Ranch has no park.
Education.
Brigden Ranch is served by Webster Elementary School, Eliot Middle School, Marshall Fundamental Secondary School, and Pasadena High School.
Transportation.
Brigden Ranch is served by Metro Local lines 256 and 686.

</doc>
<doc id="18908432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908432" title="Paper Orchid">
Paper Orchid

Paper Orchid is a 1949 British crime film directed by Roy Ward Baker, with a script written by Val Guest. It featured Hugh Williams, Hy Hazell and Garry Marsh. It is perhaps most notable for an early film appearance of Sid James, later to find success through the Carry On series.

</doc>
<doc id="18908441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908441" title="2008 1000 km of Nürburgring">
2008 1000 km of Nürburgring

The 2008 1000 km of Nürburgring was the fourth round of the 2008 Le Mans Series season. It took place at the Nürburgring, Germany, on 17 August 2008.
Race results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 70% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).
† - Both #6 Team Oreca-Matmut and #21 Epsilon Euskadi failed to complete the final lap of the race, therefore they are not classified in the final results.

</doc>
<doc id="18908447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908447" title="1975 New York Giants season">
1975 New York Giants season

The 1975 New York Giants season featured a Giants team that could only muster a 5–9 record as the sub-tenants of the cross-town Jets at Shea Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="18908467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908467" title="Korean Language and Culture Center">
Korean Language and Culture Center

The Korean Language and Culture Center (KLCC) teaches Korean language and culture to non-Koreans at Korea University in Seoul, South Korea.
KLCC was established in March 1986 and has educated over 8,000 non-Koreans to date, with annual enrollment currently approaching 1,000 students.

</doc>
<doc id="18908483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908483" title="Yolqulular">
Yolqulular

Yolqulular (also, Yëlkulular) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 709. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908489" title="Sex &amp; Sensibility">
Sex &amp; Sensibility

Sex & Sensibility is an RTÉ television series which reflects on changing attitudes to sex in Ireland. The four-part series was presented by Simon Delaney. Directed by Imogen Murphy, it was filmed in April and May 2008 on location in Dublin. It was broadcast in June and July 2008.
Features included some commentary from Bill O'Herlihy, Mary O'Rourke, Michael McNiff, Claire Tully, John Kelleher and night club owners Valeria Roe and Maurice Boland.
The series reflected on the changes that had taken place in Ireland since the 1960s, an era when the sexual revolution had not yet reached the shores of the island. It showed how television had played a major part in "loosening everyone up" and altered Irish society "from a gloomy 'Irish Taliban'-style theocracy to the nation of fun-loving sex maniacs we are today". Terry Prone demonstrated her view that soaps, rather than "dusty old current affairs programmes", had been central to social change. "The Riordans" caused scandal when one of the characters, named Maggie, went on the pill. The "contraceptive train" to Belfast was also focused on, evoking memories of an era when the devices were illegal in the Republic of Ireland, prompting people to travel to Northern Ireland to stock up on their contraceptive needs. Also featured was "The Late Late Show" and the uproar it caused when it gave airtime to a group of lesbian nuns, Bill Hughes, who spoke about the underground gay scene in Ireland, Senator David Norris having his sexuality called into question when he was asked if he was "sick" by a TV presenter, the Leeson Street clubbing scene in its early years and Toni the Exotic Dancer, a housewife from Tallaght, Dublin who flashed her ample bosom for the crowds who thronged the urban pubs after mass. Video of protesters with portable Virgin Mary statues at work outside the RTÉ studios were also shown.
Reaction.
The "Irish Independent" described the series as "sniggering nonsense about Irish attitudes to sexuality over the past few decades" or "reeling in the leers (a pun on RTÉ's more successful series "Reeling in the Years") with presenter Simon Delaney doing the leering". It was named by the newspaper as one of its six worst television programmes of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18908510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908510" title="Talk of a Million">
Talk of a Million

Talk of a Million is a 1951 British film directed by John Paddy Carstairs starring Jack Warner, with an early appearance from Sid James.

</doc>
<doc id="18908513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908513" title="Greg Horne">
Greg Horne

Greg Horne (born November 22, 1964 in Russellville, Arkansas) is a former professional American football punter in the National Football League. He played college football at the University of Arkansas.
Horne was a punter for two seasons in the NFL, first with the Cincinnati Bengals (1987) and with the Cardinals in St. Louis (1987) and then in Phoenix (1988). His career punting average was 40.6 yards in 122 punts. 
He was the London Monarchs' punter in 1991, winning the first World Bowl. He played for Montreal Machine in 1992.
Horne led the NCAA in punting in 1986 averaging 47.2 yards per punt for Arkansas Razorbacks. He was the Razorbacks Punter in 1983-1986 and kicker 1983-1985. For his college career he punted 180 times for a 44.4 yard average. He still holds the Southwest Conference and Arkansas school record for highest punting average in a season(47.2 in 1986)

</doc>
<doc id="18908522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908522" title="Waupaca Municipal Airport">
Waupaca Municipal Airport

Waupaca Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Waupaca, a city in Waupaca County, Wisconsin, United States. The airport is also known as Brunner Field. It is located adjacent to U.S. Route 10.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned PCZ by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft.
Waupaca Municipal Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 840 feet (256 m) above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 10/28 is 5,200 by 100 feet (1,585 x 30 m); 13/31 is 3,899 by 75 feet (1,188 x 23 m).
Wauapaca (PCZ) non-directional beacon, 382 kHz, is located on field.
Plane Guys Aviation, LLC. is the fixed base operator.
For the 12-month period ending August 14, 2007, the airport had 20,160 aircraft operations, an average of 55 per day: 99% general aviation, 1% air taxi and <1% military. At that time there were 42 aircraft based at this airport: 71% single-engine, 14% multi-engine, 10% ultralight and 5% jet.

</doc>
<doc id="18908533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908533" title="Brookside Park/Arroyo Terrace, Pasadena, California">
Brookside Park/Arroyo Terrace, Pasadena, California

Brookside Park is a major neighborhood in Pasadena, California. Its northern end is sometimes called Arroyo Terrace. It is Pasadena's second largest neighborhood by area, and its second most sparsely populated.
The neighborhood is bordered by Oak Grove Drive to the north, the Arroyo Seco Canyon wall to the south, Linda Vista Avenue to the West, and Forest and Rosemont Avenues to the East.
Landmarks.
The Arroyo Seco runs the length of the Brookside Park. At the very center of the neighborhood is the Rose Bowl, at the southern end is Brookside Park (the actual park) and the Gamble House, and at the northern end is the Brookside Golf Course. Colorado Street Bridges runs over Brookside Park.
Education.
Despite its odd shape, almost all of Brookside Park is served by Grover Cleveland Elementary School, Eliot and Washington Middle Schools, and John Muir High School. Chandler School is a private school in the neighborhood.
Transportation.
Brookside Park is served solely by Pasadena ARTS routes 51 and 52.

</doc>
<doc id="18908541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908541" title="1975 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1975 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1975 Philadelphia Eagles season was the team's 43rd in the National Football League. It was the team's 9th consecutive season without a winning record.
Offseason.
Player Selections.
The table shows the Eagles selections and what picks they had that were traded away and the team that ended up with that pick. It is possible the Eagles' pick ended up with this team via another team that the Eagles made a trade with. 
Not shown are acquired picks that the Eagles traded away. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908560" title="Mehmet Güreli">
Mehmet Güreli

Mehmet Güreli is a Turkish writer, painter, director and musician born in 1949 in Istanbul, Turkey. He graduated from Istanbul University, majoring in Philosophy. He started working in Hürriyet newspaper in 1976. He is one of the few Turkish artists producing in different art areas.

</doc>
<doc id="18908563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908563" title="Ted Williams (American football)">
Ted Williams (American football)

Theodore Patrick Williams (June 3, 1916October 30, 1993) was an American football back in the National Football League. He played for the Philadelphia Eagles (1942) and the Boston Yanks (1944).

</doc>
<doc id="18908574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908574" title="Sturgeon (provincial electoral district)">
Sturgeon (provincial electoral district)

Sturgeon is a former provincial electoral district that existed from 1905 to 1940 in Alberta, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18908577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908577" title="Francus">
Francus

Francus is an invention of Merovingian scholars which referred to a legendary eponymous king of the Franks, a descendant of the Trojans, founder of the Merovingian dynasty and forefather of Charlemagne. In the Renaissance, Francus was generally considered to be another name for the Trojan Astyanax (son of Hector) saved from the destruction of Troy. He is not considered to be historical, but in fact an attempt by medieval and Renaissance chroniclers to model the founding of France upon the same illustrious tradition as that used by Virgil in his "Aeneid" (which had Rome founded by the Trojan Aeneas).
The 7th century "Chronicle of Fredegar" contains the oldest mention of a medieval legend thus linking the Franks to the Trojans. The Carolingian "Liber historiae Francorum" elaborates new details, and the tradition continued to be elaborated throughout the Middle Ages, when it was taken seriously as genealogy and became a "veritable form of ethnic consciousness".
The 8th century Nennius' "Historia Brittonum" makes mention of Francus as one of the four sons of Hisicion (Francus, Romanus, Alamanus, and Brutus), grandsons of Alanus, the first man to live in Europe.
The "Grandes Chroniques de France" (13th - 15th centuries), a vast compilation of historic material, make reference of the Trojan origins of the French dynasty.
Johannes Trithemius' "De origine gentis Francorum compendium" (1514) describes the Franks as originally Trojans (called "Sicambers" or "Sicambrians") after the fall of Troy who came into Gaul after being forced out of the area around the mouth of the Danube by the Goths in 439 B.C. (section 1, p, 33). He also details the reigns of each of these kings—including Francus (section 43, p. 76) from whom the Franks are named—and their battles with the Gauls, Goths, Saxons, etc.
Annio da Viterbo also describes the arrival of Trojans into Gaul.
Based on the medieval legend, Jean Lemaire de Belges's "Illustrations de Gaule et Singularités de Troie" (1510–12) has Astyanax survive the fall of Troy and arrive in Western Europe. He changes his name to Francus and becomes king of Celtic Gaul (while, at the same time, Bavo, cousin of Priam, comes to the city of Trier) and founds the dynasty leading to Pepin and Charlemagne. He is said to have founded and named the city of Paris in honor of his uncle Paris.
Gilles Corrozet's "La Fleur des antiquitez... de Paris" (1532) describes Francis I as the 64th descendant of Hector of Troy.
Lemaire de Belges' work inspired Pierre de Ronsard's epic poem "La Franciade" (1572). In this poem, Jupiter saves Astyanax (renamed Francus). The young hero arrives in Crete and falls in love with the princess Hyanthe with whom he is destined to found the royal dynasty of France.
See also.
In the tradition of "translatio imperii", many medieval authors established Greek or Roman genealogies for European dynasties:

</doc>
<doc id="18908618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908618" title="Bungalow Heaven, Pasadena, California">
Bungalow Heaven, Pasadena, California

Bungalow Heaven is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California named for the more than 800 small craftsman homes built there from 1900 to 1930, most of which still stand. Much of the area became a landmark district in 1989 and annual historic home tours have been conducted in Bungalow Heaven every year since then.
Landmarks.
The rough borders of the landmark district are Washington Boulevard to the north, Orange Grove Boulevard to the south, Mentor Avenue to the west, and Chester Avenue to the east. The entire neighborhood is typically extended to Lake Avenue to the west and Hill Avenue to the east.
All commercial development lies just outside the landmark area, on Lake Avenue and (to a small extent) Washington Boulevard. At the center of the neighborhood is McDonald Park.
Education.
Bungalow Heaven is served by Longfellow and Jefferson Elementary Schools, Eliot Middle School, and Pasadena High School
Transportation.
Bungalow Heaven is served by Metro Local lines 180, 256, 268, and 485, as well as Pasadena ARTS routes 20, 31, and 32.

</doc>
<doc id="18908625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908625" title="The Square Ring">
The Square Ring

The Square Ring is a 1953 British film directed by Basil Dearden and made at Ealing Studios. It stars Jack Warner, Robert Beatty and Bill Owen. The plot centers around one night at a fairly seedy boxing venue and tells the different stories of the various fighters and spectators.
Production.
The film was based on a 1952 play by Sydney-born author Ralph Peterson who arrived in London only the year before. Canadian actor Robert Beatty played the lead; he had no boxing experience so trained for two weeks in preparation for the role.
Reception.
Critical reception was mixed. One review called the film "uneven", accusing it of "veering between comedy and tragedy".

</doc>
<doc id="18908636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908636" title="Milena Rosner">
Milena Rosner

Milena Rosner (born 4 January 1980 in Słupsk) is a Polish volleyball player who plays for Impel Wrocław.
Honours.
In 2005 she won the Gold medal at the European volleyball championship. She was captain of the Poland women's national volleyball team in the 2008 Olympic Games.
For her sport achievements, she received: <br>

</doc>
<doc id="18908638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908638" title="Cathalán mac Indrechtaig">
Cathalán mac Indrechtaig

Cathalán mac Indrechtaig (died 871) was a Dál Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He belonged to a branch of the Dal Fiatach called the Leth Cathail centered in the Lecale barony of modern County Down. He ruled from 857-871 as leth-rí (half-king or co-ruler) of Ulaid.
His grandfather Tommaltach mac Cathail (died 789) had made a bid for the crown but was defeated and slain in battle by Eochaid mac Fiachnai (died 810) of the main Dal Fiatach branch. His father, Indrechtach mac Tommaltaig, is only mentioned in the "Annals of Innisfallen" which state that he was a co-ruler of Ulaid. This is not confirmed by other annals or king lists however.
Cathalán succeeded to the throne of Ulaid in 857 as co-ruler with Lethlobar mac Loingsig (died 873) of the Dál nAraidi sept of modern County Antrim. Though not listed in the king lists, the annals award him the title of co-ruler at his death notice. He was killed treacherously at the instigation of the high king Áed Findliath (died 879) of the northern Ui Neill.
He had a son named Cummascach. His brother Máel Mocheirge mac Indrechtaig (died 896) was also a leth-rí of Ulaid.

</doc>
<doc id="18908645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908645" title="Vermilion (provincial electoral district)">
Vermilion (provincial electoral district)

Vermilion is a former provincial electoral district in Alberta which existed from 1905 to 1921.
Plebiscite results.
1957 liquor plebiscite.
On October 30, 1957 a stand alone plebiscite was held province wide in all 50 of the then current provincial electoral districts in Alberta. The government decided to consult Alberta voters to decide on liquor sales and mixed drinking after a divisive debate in the Legislature. The plebiscite was intended to deal with the growing demand for reforming antiquated liquor control laws.
The plebiscite was conducted in two parts. Question A asked in all districts, asked the voters if the sale of liquor should be expanded in Alberta, while Question B asked in a handful of districts within the corporate limits of Calgary and Edmonton asked if men and woman were allowed to drink together in establishments.
Province wide Question A of the plebiscite passed in 33 of the 50 districts while Question B passed in all five districts. Vermilion voted in favour of the proposal with a slight majority. Voter turnout in the district was very low, falling well under the province-wide average of 46%.
Official district returns were released to the public on December 31, 1957. The Social Credit government in power at the time did not considered the results binding. However the results of the vote led the government to repeal all existing liquor legislation and introduce an entirely new "Liquor Act".
Municipal districts lying inside electoral districts that voted against the Plebiscite were designated Local Option Zones by the Alberta Liquor Control Board and considered effective dry zones, business owners that wanted a license had to petition for a binding municipal plebiscite in order to be granted a license.

</doc>
<doc id="18908650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908650" title="Militia Act of 1903">
Militia Act of 1903

The Militia Act of 1903 (32 Stat. 775), also known as the Dick Act, was legislation which codified the circumstances under which the National Guard could be federalized. It also provided federal funds to the National Guard to pay for equipment and training, including annual summer encampments. In return, the National Guard began to organize its units along the same lines as the regular Army, and took steps to meet the same training, education and readiness requirements as active duty units.
History.
During the nineteenth century, the militia in each U.S. state and territory operated under the Militia Acts of 1792. Under these laws, the question of state versus federal control of the militia was unresolved. As a result, the federal government could not rely on the militia for national defense. As an example, during the War of 1812, members of the New York Militia refused to take part in operations against the British in Canada, arguing that their only responsibility was to defend their home state. In another instance, Martin Chittenden, the Governor of Vermont, unsuccessfully attempted to recall his state's militia from the defense of Plattsburgh, claiming that it was illegal for them to operate outside Vermont's borders.
Because the issue of state versus federal control was not resolved, the federal government resorted to the creation of "volunteer" units when it needed to expand the size of the Army. These volunteer units were not militia, nor were they part of the regular Army. This solution was employed during the Mexican-American War, and in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
During the Spanish-American War some volunteer units were organized, most notably the 1st United States Volunteer Cavalry Regiment, nicknamed "Rough Riders." The federal government also mobilized several National Guard units which volunteered en masse.
Several issues with the National Guard became apparent as a result of the Spanish-American War experience, including low levels of individual and unit training and readiness; differences in organizational structure, uniforms and equipment; and lack of standardization in leader qualifications and professional development.
Root reforms and Dick Act.
As a result of the problems identified during the Spanish-American War, Secretary of War Elihu Root and other military leaders took steps to reform the Army, including the National Guard. Root's allies included Charles Dick, Congressman (later Senator) from Ohio and Chairman of the House Militia Affairs Committee, who also served as President of the National Guard Association of the United States. Dick was a veteran of the Spanish-American War and a longtime National Guard member who attained the rank of Major General as commander of the Ohio National Guard.
Dick championed the Militia Act of 1903, which became known as the Dick Act. This law repealed the Militia Acts of 1792 and organized the militia into two groups: the Reserve Militia, which included all able-bodied men between ages 18 and 45, and the Organized Militia, which included state militia (National Guard) units receiving federal support.
The Dick Act included $2 million for National Guard units to modernize equipment, and permitted states to use federal funds to pay for National Guard summer training encampments. The National Guard in each state was also required to carry out a uniform schedule of weekend or weeknight drills and annual summer training camps. In addition, the War Department agreed to fund the attendance of Guard officers at Army schools, and active Army officers would serve as inspectors and instructors of National Guard units. The War Department also agreed to organize joint Army-National Guard exercises and training encampments.
In return, the federal government gained greater control over the National Guard. The President of the United States was empowered to call up the National Guard for up to nine months to repel invasion, suppress rebellion, or enforce federal laws. Guardsmen had to answer a presidential call or face court-martial. States had to organize, equip, and train their units in accordance with the policies and procedures of the regular Army. If Guard units failed to meet Army standards, they would lose federal recognition and federal funding.
The Dick Act helped resolve the issue of when the United States government could mobilize the National Guard, but federal authorities were not permitted to order the National Guard to service outside the United States.
Amendments.
The Dick Act was amended several times. In 1908, The nine-month limit on federal service was dropped, and the President was empowered to set the length of federal service. The ban on National Guard units serving outside the United States was also dropped, though subsequently the United States Attorney General offered his opinion that enabling the National Guard to serve outside the United States was unconstitutional. In addition, the 1908 law stated that during a mobilization the National Guard had to be federalized before the Army could organize volunteer units. The 1908 law also included the creation of the Division of Militia Affairs as the Army agency responsible for overseeing federal training and administrative requirements for the National Guard.
The National Defense Act of 1916 doubled the number of required drill periods from 24 to 48 and increased the length of summer training camps from five days to 15. In addition, the War Department was enabled to centrally plan for the National Guard's authorized strength, and the number and types of National Guard units in each state.
Under the 1916 law, the War Department was also empowered to implement uniform enlistment contracts and officer commissioning requirements for the National Guard. Guardsmen were also required to take both state and federal enlistment oaths or oaths of office.
The 1916 law also replaced the federal subsidy with an annual budget to cover most Guard expenses, including drill pay, and the Division of Militia Affairs was expanded to form the Militia Bureau (now National Guard Bureau).
In addition, the 1916 law resolved the issues of deploying National Guardsmen overseas by stipulating that they would be drafted into federal service, thus removing the National Guard from its status as the militia of the states when operating under federal authority. This provision was employed to call up the National Guard during the Pancho Villa Expedition, and again during World War I.
In 1933, an amendment to the National Defense Act of 1916 created a separate reserve component of the Army called the Army National Guard of the United States. Since 1933, all National Guardsmen have been members of both their State National Guard (or militia) and the National Guard of the United States.
Implementation.
The improvements to National Guard training and readiness and the resolution of the circumstances under which the National Guard could be federalized led to the call up of National Guard units for service on the Mexico-United States border during the Pancho Villa Expedition.
In addition, National Guard units were federalized and deployed overseas during World War I.
The improvements to the Army-National Guard relationship, the improvements to National Guard training and readiness, and the National Guard's successful service during the Villa Expedition and the First World War brought about by the Dick Act and subsequent amendments enabled John McAuley Palmer and other National Guard advocates to defeat a 1920 effort to completely replace the National Guard with a federal-only reserve force.
Notes.
While some sources cite the passage date of HR 11654 as June 28, 1902, others state January 21, 1903.
A well-known internet meme cites the Dick Act as an argument against proposed gun control laws and regulations. However, the meme is inaccurate and cannot be relied on as an argument against the regulation of firearms.

</doc>
<doc id="18908662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908662" title="Athena Tacha">
Athena Tacha

Athena Tacha (born in Larissa, Greece, 1936), is best known in the fields of environmental public sculpture and conceptual art, but has also worked extensively in photography, film and artists’ books. The best statement on her artistic philosophy, "Rhythms as Form", was first published in "Landscape Architecture", May 1978, pp. 196–205.
Early life, education, and academic career.
Tacha was born in 1936 in Greece. She received an M.A. in sculpture from the Athens School of Fine Arts in Greece; an M.A. in art history from Oberlin College, Oberlin, Ohio; and a Doctorate in aesthetics from the Sorbonne in Paris (1963). After her studies, she worked as Curator of Modern Art at the Allen Memorial Art Museum of Oberlin College, organized contemporary art exhibitions (including "Art In The Mind", 1970), and published as A. T. Spear two books and various articles on Auguste Rodin, Brâncuși, Nadelman and other 20th-century sculptors. She married art historian Richard E. Spear in 1965. From 1973 to 2000, she was Professor of sculpture at Oberlin College. Since 1998, she has been an Affiliate of the University of Maryland, College Park, and lives in Washington, DC.
Work, exhibitions and museums.
One of the first artists to develop environmental site-specific sculpture in the early 1970s, Tacha has won over fifty competitions for permanent public art commissions, of which nearly forty have been executed throughout the U.S., including an entire city-block park in downtown Philadelphia. She has had six one-artist shows in New York—at the Zabriskie Gallery, the Max Hutchinson Gallery, Franklin Furnace, the Foundation for Hellenic Studies, and the Kouros Gallery - and has exhibited in numerous group shows throughout the world, including the Venice Biennale). Concurrently, she produced a body of textual and photographic conceptual works, many of which were published as artist's books. 
In 1989, a retrospective of more than 100 of Tacha's sculptures, drawings and conceptual photographic pieces was held at the High Museum of Art in Atlanta. It included large color photographs of her executed commissions and was accompanied by a fully illustrated catalogue, "Athena Tacha: Public Works, 1970-88" (introductory essay by John and Catherine Howett). The same year, she had an exhibition of new work, over 50 sculptures and drawings, as well as two large temporary installations, at the Cleveland Center for Contemporary Art, also accompanied by a richly illustrated catalogue (with an essay by Thalia Gouma-Peterson). Her most recent museum solo show, "Small Wonders: New Sculpture and Photoworks" at the American University’s Katzen Arts Center, Washington, DC, 2006, had a fully illustrated catalogue with essays by Anne Ellegood and Brenda Brown (reinstalled in New York at Kouros Gallery in 2007). Since Tacha moved to Washington, DC, she has had two solo exhibitions at the Marsha Mateyka Gallery (2004 and 2008). 
A 40-year retrospective (over 100 works), "Athena Tacha: From the Public to the Private," opened at the Contemporary Art Center (State Museum of Contemporary Art) in Thessaloniki, Greece, Jan. 16 - April 11, 2010. It presents for the first time all aspects of Tacha's art—from large outdoor commissions, to "body sculptures" and photoworks, to conceptual art and films—with a bilingual catalog (164 pp., 113 color illustrations). It is scheduled travel to Larissa and Athens through 2010.
Tacha’s sculptures and photo-works are in many American museums and private collections, including the Albright-Knox Art Gallery, the Cleveland Museum of Art, the Hirshhorn Museum, the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art, the Smithsonian American Art Museum, and the Agnes Gund Collection.
Books, catalogs, and articles.
Books on Tacha's work: 
Main solo exhibition catalogs:
Several of Tacha's New York exhibitions have illustrated catalogues -- "Massacre Memorials" (Max Hutchinson, 1984), with an essay by Lucy Lippard; "Vulnerability: New Fashions" (Franklin Furnace, 1994), a conceptual art piece critiquing the fashion industry; and "Athena Tacha: Shields and Universes" (Foundation for Hellenic Culture, 2001). 
The most extensive articles on Tacha's art have appeared in "Landscape Architecture" (May 1978 & March 2007), "Artforum" (Jan. 1981), "Arts Magazine" (Oct. 1988), "Art News" (Sept. 1991) and "Sculpture" (June 1987, Nov. 2000 and October 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="18908678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908678" title="Kolakoski sequence">
Kolakoski sequence

In mathematics, the Kolakoski sequence (named after William Kolakoski, who discussed it in 1965) is an infinite sequence of symbols {1,2} which is its own run-length encoding.
The initial terms of the sequence are:
Each symbol occurs in a "run" of either 1 or 2 consecutive terms, and writing down the lengths of these runs gives exactly the same sequence. It is the unique sequence with this property except for the same sequence with the initial 1 deleted.
Algorithm.
The sequence may be generated by an algorithm that, in the "i"th iteration, reads the value "x""i" that has already been output as the "i"th value of the sequence (or, if no such value has been output yet, sets "x""i" = "i"). Then, if "i" is odd, it outputs "x""i" copies of the number 1, while if "i" is even, it outputs "x""i" copies of the number 2.
Thus, the first few steps of the algorithm are:
etc.
Density.
It seems plausible that the density of 1's is 1/2, but this conjecture remains unproved. Chvátal has proved that the upper density of 1's is less than 0.50084.
History.
Kolakoski's self-generating sequence has attracted the interest of computer scientists as well as mathematicians. For example, Stephen Wolfram describes the Kolakoski sequence in connection with the history of cyclic tag systems.
Recently Jean Berstel and Srecko Brlek discovered that the Kolakoski sequence already appeared, before Kolakoski, in a 1939 paper of Rufus Oldenburger.

</doc>
<doc id="18908690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908690" title="Montezuma National Forest">
Montezuma National Forest

Montezuma National Forest was established as the Montezuma Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in Colorado on June 13, 1905 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 part of Ouray National Forest was added. On July 1, 1947 the entire forest was divided between San Juan National Forest and Uncompahgre National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908698" title="Boys in Brown">
Boys in Brown

Boys in Brown is a 1949 British drama film directed by Montgomery Tully. Depicting life in a borstal for young offenders, it starred Jack Warner, Richard Attenborough, Dirk Bogarde and Jimmy Hanley.
Plot.
Teenager Jackie Knowles (Richard Attenborough) drives a getaway car in a robbery. He is captured and sentenced to serve three years in a borstal institution run by a sympathetic governor (Jack Warner). He befriends Alfie (Dirk Bogarde) and Bill (Jimmy Hanley).

</doc>
<doc id="18908701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908701" title="KBNU">
KBNU

KBNU (93.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Rock format. Licensed to Uvalde, Texas, USA. The station is currently owned by Roberto Gonzalez, through licensee MBM Radio Uvalde LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="18908706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908706" title="California Village, Pasadena, California">
California Village, Pasadena, California

California Village is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Sierra Madre Boulevard to the north, Foothill Boulevard to the south, the Eaton Wash to the west, and Sierra Madre Villa Avenue to the east.
Like most of the neighborhoods east of the Eaton Wash, it was developed more recently than most other neighborhoods in Pasadena.
Landmarks.
The only commercial development in the neighborhood is a single city block on Foothill Boulevard. The neighborhood has no parks, though it is notable for straddling the Eaton Wash and the powerlines that trace its course.
Education.
California Village is served by Field Elementary School, Wilson Middle School, and Pasadena High School.
Transportation.
The Metro Gold Line has a terminal complex on Sierra Madre Villa Avenue and Foothill Boulevard, at the neighborhood's edge. It is served by Metro Local lines 177, 268, 287 and 487; Pasadena ARTS routes 31, 32, 40, and 60; Foothill Transit Route 187; and Montebello Bus Lines route 20.

</doc>
<doc id="18908710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908710" title="Rocky Hollow">
Rocky Hollow

Rocky Hollow was a stop-motion animation children's television series made in Wales. The show is narrated by Peter Sallis, who became the voice of Wallace in "Wallace and Gromit"
This was the first children's television show produced by Bumper Films which later made "Fireman Sam", "Starhill Ponies" and "Joshua Jones" for the BBC in production with S4C, Mike Young Productions and Prism Art and Design Ltd.
The whole series has been released on various videos but so far has not been released on DVD until 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18908715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908715" title="Lynden Christian Schools">
Lynden Christian Schools

Lynden Christian Schools (abbreviated LCS), often referred to as Lynden Christian (LC), is a non-denominational private Christian school. The school educates 1200 students on two campuses in Whatcom County, Washington, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="18908718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908718" title="Lord Charles Spencer">
Lord Charles Spencer

Lord Charles Spencer PC (31 March 1740 – 16 June 1820) was a British politician and courtier from the Spencer family.
Background.
Spencer was the second son of Charles Spencer, 3rd Duke of Marlborough, and the Hon. Elizabeth, daughter of Thomas Trevor, 2nd Baron Trevor. George Spencer, 4th Duke of Marlborough, was his elder brother.
Political career.
Spencer sat as Member of Parliament for Oxfordshire from 1761 to 1790 and 1796 to 1801 and was sworn of the Privy Council in 1763. He served as Comptroller of the Household from 1763 to 1765, as a Junior Lord of the Admiralty from 1768 to 1779 and as Treasurer of the Chamber from 1779 to 1782, when that sinecure post was abolished. He was later Postmaster General from 1801 to 1806 and Master of the Mint in 1806. From 1808 until his death he was a Lord of the Bedchamber to George III.
Family.
Lady Charles Spencer died in January 1812 aged 68. Spencer survived her by eight years and died in June 1820, aged 80.

</doc>
<doc id="18908720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908720" title="Pacific Forest Reserve">
Pacific Forest Reserve

The Pacific Forest Reserve was established by the General Land Office in Washington on February 20, 1893 with . On February 22, 1898 the forest was combined with other lands to create the Mount Rainier Forest Reserve, and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908721" title="Krazy Maze">
Krazy Maze

Krazy Maze was a board game. In Australia it was manufactured under licence by G. N. Raymond Pty Ltd.
Gameplay.
Two separate paths wind through a densely illustrated picturesque landscape. When two players play each takes a separate path. The game came with a spinner, called a "spino", which displayed numbers from 1 to 8. Players take turns spinning and moving their counter the corresponding number of squares. Some squares on each track are marked with a letter of the alphabet. If a counter ends its move on one of these squares a table of instructions, printed on the inside of the lid, is consulted. For example, landing on the "A" square of the left track results in the instruction "Forgotten lunch. Back to start"; landing on the B square results in "Tiger snake on road. Extra spin to get past." The two tracks diverge at square one and rejoin at square 89. Square 90 is the last square. A player must spin the exact number to land on square 90; the first player to do this wins.

</doc>
<doc id="18908727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908727" title="Mad Labs">
Mad Labs

Mad Labs is a British TV documentary series for the National Geographic Channel. The show focuses mainly on "wacky" experiments and inventions that may prove useful in the near future such as urine-powered batteries or solar panels with olive oil being the key ingredient instead of silica.
While the show features real-life scientists and their inventions, a regular segment called "The Test Department" appears numerous times in an episode wherein the show's own testers perform experiments of their own.

</doc>
<doc id="18908746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908746" title="Wilfrid Hamel">
Wilfrid Hamel

Wilfrid Hamel (16 July 1895 – 31 December 1968) was a Canadian politician, serving as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec and as Mayor of Quebec City.
His early career began in 1913 at the company Maranda et Labrecque, becoming a director there from 1925 to 1941. From 1940 to 1942, he was a church warden for the Sacré-Coeur-de-Jésus Roman Catholic congregation.
In 1939, he was elected as a Liberal provincial member of Quebec's assembly in Saint-Sauveur riding and served in the cabinet of Premier Adélard Godbout as Minister of State and Minister of Land and Forests. Hamel was re-elected at Saint-Sauveur in 1944, but was defeated in the 1948 and 1952 elections.
Hamel was Mayor of Quebec City for twelve years, beginning in December 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="18908752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908752" title="Bernardo Brito">
Bernardo Brito

Bernardo Brito known as EL Pupo (December 4, 1963 in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic), is a retired professional baseball player who played outfield & designated hitter in the Major Leagues from -. While having a successful minor league career, hitting 299 home runs and playing in three minor league all-star games over the course of 15 seasons, he would play only 40 games in the Major Leagues for the Minnesota Twins.
Upon his mid-season release from the Twins in 1995, Brito took his talents to Japan, where he signed with the Nippon Ham Fighters and spent the rest of 1995 (hitting 21 home runs in 56 games) and all of the 1996 season. Bernardo Brito was elected to the Pacific League All-Star team in 1996.
Released, along with Rob Ducey, by Nippon Ham following the 1996 season, Brito concluded his professional baseball career in 1998 with the Sioux Falls Canaries of the independent American Association. Brito began the season as the team's designated hitter, but chose to retire from playing and finished the season as the Canaries batting coach. Also played with Los Tigres Del Licey in the Dominican Republic. 
He was known for his power hitting.

</doc>
<doc id="18908757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908757" title="Wanly">
Wanly

Wanly is an Egyptian surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18908769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908769" title="Wanner">
Wanner

Wanner is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18908776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908776" title="KAGL">
KAGL

KAGL (93.3 FM, "The Eagle") is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock format. Licensed to El Dorado, Arkansas, USA, the station serves the El Dorado area. The station is currently owned by Noalmark Broadcasting Corporation and features programing from ABC Radio .
History.
The station was assigned call sign KLTW on 1989-04-13. on 1993-04-26, the station changed its call sign to KISQ, on 1997-04-17 to the current KAGL.

</doc>
<doc id="18908777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908777" title="Holiday Camp (film)">
Holiday Camp (film)

Holiday Camp is a 1947 British comedy drama film directed by Ken Annakin, starring Jack Warner, Jimmy Hanley, Kathleen Harrison and Dennis Price.
Synopsis.
It documents a post-war working-class London family's annual visit to a summer holiday camp. It was the first film to feature the Huggett family who would go on to star in the Huggetts Trilogy. It resonated with post-war audiences, and was very successful. The film is a kaleidoscope of various lives at play by the sea, in a Butlin's holiday camp. These include a pregnant young girl, a group of gamblers, and a murderer seeking his next victim.
Locations.
The opening shot of a train arriving at the cliff-top station was filmed at Sandsend, a mile from Whitby, North Yorkshire. Camp exteriors were shot at Butlins, Filey, on the East Coast a few miles from Sandsend. Although Butlins had its own rail station, the view at Sandsend was considered more spectacular.
Critical reception.
"Time Out" wrote "Time has mellowed the documentary quality of the film, and location shooting and authentic detail now seem less important than the presence of the whole range of British acting talent, from Dame Flora Robson to Cheerful Charlie Chester, among the cast of thousands."
Cast.
and
Patricia Roc, Cheerful Charlie Chester and Gerry Wilmot as themselves

</doc>
<doc id="18908779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908779" title="Bastian Seibt">
Bastian Seibt

Bastian Seibt (born March 19, 1978 in Hamburg) is a German rower. In 2003 and 2010 he won the World Rowing Championships in the men's lightweight eight. He represented his native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
Club.
In 2008 Seibt rowed for Der Hamburger und Germania Ruder Club in his hometown Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18908782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908782" title="Casa Grande, Pasadena, California">
Casa Grande, Pasadena, California

Casa Grande is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Casa Grande Street, to the north, Interstate 210 to the south, Allen Avenue to the west, and Altadena Drive to the east.
Landmarks.
The central feature of the neighborhood is the palatial campus of Marshall Fundamental Secondary School, Pasadena's magnet high school.
Education.
Casa Grande is served by Hamilton, Jefferson, Webster, and Field Elementary Schools, Wilson and Eliot Middle Schools, and Pasadena High School.
Transportation.
The Metro Gold Line has a station on Allen Avenue near Foothill, at the edge of the neighborhood. The Interstate 210 also runs through the southern part of the neighborhood. Casa Grande is served by Metro Local lines 177, 264, 268, and 686, as well as Pasadena ARTS routes 10, 31, and 40.

</doc>
<doc id="18908785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908785" title="Pentti Holappa">
Pentti Holappa

Pentti Holappa (born August 11, 1927) is a Finnish poet and writer. Born in Ylikiiminki to a family of modest means, he held numerous jobs before becoming Minister of Culture. Self-educated, he has published close to fifteen volumes of poetry, six novels, and numerous essays. He has also worked as a translator; among the poets and authors whose work he has translated into Finnish are Charles Baudelaire, Pierre Reverdy, and J. M. G. Le Clézio. He received the Finlandia Prize in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18908793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908793" title="John Doyle (drummer)">
John Doyle (drummer)

John Doyle (b. Manchester, England, 6 May 1959) is a drummer who was member of New Wave bands like Magazine and The Armoury Show. He reunited with the first band for a tour which will be played in February 2009.
Biography.
While at William Hulme's Grammar School, with friends on the stage staff formed a band. He then played with various local Manchester bands, including Idiot Rouge, alongside Neil Cossar, later of power pop band The Cheaters, and Nick Simpson, later frontman of 23 Jewels.
In the last gig with Idiot Rouge, at Manchester Polytechnic, guitarist John McGeoch, who was attending, asked Doyle if he wanted to audition for his band, Magazine. Doyle joined the band in October 1978, replaced Speedometors' Paul Spencer who had completed their tour across Europe, beginning in Munich, during their "Real Life" debut album tour. Doyle played on "Secondhand Daylight", "The Correct Use of Soap", the live album "Play" and "Magic, Murder And The Weather". In 1981, he collaborated with Ken Lockie, playing drums on some tracks of "The Impossible" album. He also collaborated with Armande Atti and Akira Mitake.
In 1983, he joined The Armoury Show, working again with John McGeoch, who left Magazine in 1980. The band was commercially unsuccessful, and Doyle left them in 1986 to collaborate with Pete Shelley, until 1987. He played percussion on one track on Barry Adamson's debut album "Moss Side Story" (1988).
Toured with Shelley in 1985-6. Had a family and eventually became Artworker working at various advertising agencies.
He also collaborated with Dave Formula, for his forthcoming solo album, 'Satellite Sweetheart', released 15 February 2010.
In 2009, he reunited with Magazine for a number of UK and European concerts, radio and TV performances.
Discography.
With Magazine:
With Ken Lockie:
With The Armoury Show:
With Barry Adamson:

</doc>
<doc id="18908795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908795" title="KMLK">
KMLK

KMLK (101.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Urban Contemporary format. Licensed to El Dorado, Arkansas, USA, the station serves the El Dorado area. The station is currently owned by Noalmark Broadcasting Corporation and features programing from ABC Radio.
History.
The station went on the air as KHBX on July 17, 1998. On August 31, 2000, the station changed its call sign to the current KMLK. 
The station founder was Jerome Orr, who had worked for Noalmark at KELD El Dorado and at Hobbs. Orr had recently been managing the company's then KIOL in Midland/Odessa.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18908798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908798" title="Skinny House">
Skinny House

Skinny House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18908828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908828" title="Steve Grilli">
Steve Grilli

Stephen Joseph Grilli (born May 2, 1949 in Brooklyn, New York) is a former right-handed pitcher for the Detroit Tigers and Toronto Blue Jays. Grilli played for six seasons in baseball, but only played in the major league for parts of four seasons. After graduating from Gannon University, Grilli was signed as an undrafted amateur free agent by the Tigers in the middle of the season, although he didn't make his major league debut until five years later at the age of twenty-six on September 19, 1975 as a reliever in a game against the Boston Red Sox at Tiger Stadium in which he pitched three innings and allowed one hit without surrendering a run. Plagued by control problems with his pitches and walking more batters than he struck out, he worked out of the bullpen for the next two years until being purchased by the Blue Jays before the season. 
Wearing uniform number 45, a change from the number 49 he wore in Detroit, Grilli worked as a starter during some seasons and as a closer in others while playing in the Blue Jays organization. Grilli made his final major league appearance on September 17, 1979 in a loss against the Boston Red Sox at Exhibition Stadium in Toronto.
He was apparently traded to the Orioles organization during the 1981 season, as he played for their AAA affiliate, the Rochester Red Wings. There, on June 23, 1981, he pitched the 33rd inning of the longest professional baseball game, a game whose first 32 innings were played in April, before he'd even joined the team. He faced three batters and gave up one run without recording an out against the Pawtucket Red Sox, recording the loss.
Grilli retired after the 1981 season at the age of thirty-two, with a 4-3 win-loss record in seventy appearances over four seasons in the majors.
He has a son, Jason, who is currently a pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates. Grilli also is the owner of a bar in the city of Syracuse, New York, call the "Change of Pace" The wings at the bar are often voted by locals as the best in Central New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18908837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908837" title="The 7A3">
The 7A3

The 7A3 was a hip hop group based out of Los Angeles, California, which released one album in 1988 called "Coolin' in Cali". It was composed of brothers Brett and Sean Bouldin, and DJ Muggs, who later achieved greater fame with Cypress Hill. All originally hailed from New York—Brooklyn and Queens, respectively.
Brett Bouldin founded the group and later wrote Cypress Hill's "Hand On The Pump". He also taught B Real, Son Doobie, Sean B, Malverde, and others how to write songs. He has written for and performed with others including Shanice Wilson, Portrait, Sugar Ray,and Funkdoobiest. 
Sean Bouldin went on to become a music executive working with several labels including Interscope, A&M, EMI, Immortal, DreamWorks, and consulted for several others. 
The group's sole album and two of its singles performed moderately well on the US charts. The group's song "Mad, Mad World" was released on the "Colors" soundtrack. In addition, the group's version of "Take You Back" was featured on the "Rocky V" soundtrack album. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908847" title="Hunt House">
Hunt House

Hunt House or Hunt Farm may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18908854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908854" title="Catalina Villas, Pasadena, California">
Catalina Villas, Pasadena, California

Catalina Villas is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Orange Grove Boulevard to the north, Walnut Street and Colorado Boulevard to the south, Lake and Wilson Avenues to the west, and Hill Avenue to the east.
Landmarks.
There is heavy commercial development on Colorado Boulevard, Walnut Street, Lake Avenue, and Hill Avenue. The neighborhood is bisected by the interstate 210 and has no parks.
Education.
Catalina Villas is served by Jefferson and McKinley Elementary Schools; Wilson, McKinley, and Eliot Middle Schools; and Pasadena and Muir High Schools.
Transportation.
The Metro Gold Line has a station on Lake Avenue at the Interstate 210. The neighborhood is served by Metro Local lines 177, 180, 256, and 485; Pasadena ARTS routes 20 and 40; and Foothill Transit Route 690.

</doc>
<doc id="18908856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908856" title="Orthopteroid">
Orthopteroid

The term orthopteroid is used to denote insects which historically would have been included in the order Orthoptera. When Carl Linnaeus started applying binomial names to animals in the 10th edition of his "Systema Naturae" in 1758, there were few animals included in the scheme, and consequently few groups. As more and more new species were discovered and differences recognised, the original groups proposed by Linnaeus were split up.
Originally all orthopteroid insects were in the genus "Gryllus", this genus now contains a group of closely related crickets. In the scheme used by Linnaeus the genus contained crickets, grasshoppers, locusts, katydids / bush crickets (Tettigoniidae), stick insects, and praying mantises. These groups, along with the cockroaches, which Linnaeus did treat differently, are all orthopteroid insects. The newly discovered order Mantophasmatodea is also an orthopteroid order.

</doc>
<doc id="18908860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908860" title="Ohenewa Akuffo">
Ohenewa Akuffo

Ohenewa Akuffo (born February 15, 1979) is an Olympic freestyle wrestler for Canada. She was born in North York, Ontario and currently resides in Brampton, Ontario. 
Akuffo is of Ghanaian descent. She won a bronze medal on 2008 FILA Wrestling World Championships. Akuffo lived in Accra, Ghana (West Africa) from the ages of three to eight.

</doc>
<doc id="18908873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908873" title="Fernando de la Mora (tenor)">
Fernando de la Mora (tenor)

Fernando de la Mora (born 1958) is a Mexican operatic tenor. He began his music education in the National Conservatory of Mexico and studied with Leticia Velázquez and Rosa Rimoch.
He made his debut in Jalapa with "Madama Butterfly" in 1986, later in the Metropolitan Opera House in New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Houston, Miami, San Diego, La Scala in Milan, Vienna State Opera, Opéra Bastille of Paris, Covent Garden of London and many others.
He has worked with conductors like Zubin Mehta, Riccardo Muti, Lorin Maazel, Charles Mackerras, Eduardo Mata, and Richard Bonynge.
He mainly sings Italian and French opera. He has more than 20 recordings, most of them on Telarc.

</doc>
<doc id="18908877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908877" title="Darrow Tully">
Darrow Tully

Darrow J. "Duke" Tully is a former publisher of The Arizona Republic and the Phoenix Gazette newspapers, published in Phoenix, Arizona. Both were owned by Central Newspapers, Inc., headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, at the time. Central Newspapers was founded by Eugene C. Pulliam, grandfather of United States Vice President Dan Quayle.
Early life.
Tully was born on February 27, 1932 in Charleston, West Virginia. He attended undergraduate school at Purdue University, receiving his BA in Journalism and English from Calumet College. He would later go on to receive an honorary PhD from the Calumet College of St. Joseph.
Career in Journalism.
Tully had a forty plus year media management career encompassing newspapers, radio, television, direct mail and marketing and was associated with such media conglomerates as Knight-Ridder Inc., the Chronicle Publishing Company, Central Newspapers Inc. and the Maritz Corporation. In 1956 he was named Vice President and General Manager of Knight-Ridder owned WDSM-TV-AM-FM in Duluth, Minnesota, becoming the youngest CEO in broadcasting at the time. With Knight-Ridder he went on to become publisher of the Gary Post Tribune (Gary, Indiana), the Pasadena Star-News and the Independent (Pasadena, California), and The Wichita Eagle and Beacon (Wichita, Kansas).
Tully joined the San Francisco Newspaper Agency in 1975 (publisher of The San Francisco Chronicle and The San Francisco Examiner) as president and general manager. In 1978 he joined Central Newspapers, Inc. as vice-president, publisher and general manager of the Arizona Republic and the Phoenix Gazette (Phoenix, Arizona). In 1986 he joined Wick Communications, Inc. (Sierra Vista, Arizona) and was involved in newspaper operations in North Dakota, Montana, California and Arizona. He became president, publisher and CEO of Beacon Communications, Inc. (a division of the Chronicle Publishing Company) in 1991 and was responsible for the operations of thirteen daily and weekly newspapers in New England. After participating in negotiations for the sale of Beacon to Fidelity Capital, he remained as a consultant to the Chronicle Publishing Company for several years and became a consultant to the Maritz Corporation of St. Louis, Missouri.
Claim of Military Service.
Tully falsely claimed to be a veteran of the United States Air Force, and would speak publicly about his military service, with claims that included service in both the Korean and Vietnam Wars. He also attended veteran's functions as a fellow member in uniform, ranked as a Colonel, and was often invited as a Guest of Honor. By 1985, however, he was regretting and feeling the pressure of his claims, and started dropping not-so-subtle hints that he had never served in the military. Bill Shover, a Phoenix Newspapers Inc. executive, urged him to quietly get rid of his uniforms and to stop telling war stories, but Tully refused to stay quiet. Shover later commented that, "It's almost like he was trying to get caught." 
Resignation from Central Newspapers, Inc..
Just prior to Christmas 1985, Tully suddenly and unexpectedly resigned. It was then publicly revealed that Tom Collins, the Maricopa County District Attorney at the time, had been quietly investigating Tully's claim of military service. Collins had been criticized earlier by the Arizona Republic for taking a trip with his family at taxpayers expense. The sudden resignation of Tully and revelation of his false military record created intense local media coverage and analysis for some time, particularly because it centered on one of the most powerful members of the local media and community. In the final analysis, however, it was generally concluded that the issue had no effect on the operation or content of the newspapers Tully oversaw.
A Lasting Impression.
In his role as Publisher of the two daily newspapers in Phoenix, Tully was instrumental in helping John McCain, the current United States Senator from Arizona and the Republican Party candidate in the 2008 U.S. presidential election, enter politics. He has been credited with helping McCain win his first campaign for public office in 1982, when he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives, and his subsequent re-election in 1984. He is also the Godfather of Megan, McCain's first child with wife Cindy.
Awards and Charities.
Tully was awarded numerous writing and public service awards during his career, including the Arizona State University Distinguished Achievement Award, the Planned Parenthood Media Excellence Award, the Associated Press/Northern Arizona University Distinguished Journalist Award, the Anti-Defamation League Torch of Liberty Award, the City of Hope Man of the Year Award, and the Who’s Who Historical Society Golden State Award. A frequent lecturer at numerous journalism/telecommunications universities including Columbia University, University of Chicago and the University of Kansas, he was an avid defender of the First Amendment.
Active in civic, charitable and arts activities, Tully served as a trustee, director or officer of the Arizona Ballet, Wichita Music Theater, Phoenix Zoo, Heard Museum, University of Kansas William Allen White Foundation and Arizona State University Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication and was a frequent lecturer at The American Press Institute. An avid flier, he served two terms as Chairman of the Indiana Aeronautics Commission and holds a commercial pilot’s license with single engine sea, multi-engine land and instrument ratings.
Tully was a food and wine connoisseur and a Commandeur (20 years plus member) of La Chaine des Rottiseurs, as well as an officer of the Tampa-Sun Coast chapter. United States President Ronald Reagan appointed him to serve on the Committee on Physical Fitness under Washington Redskins' Coach George Allen. He is also a biographee in Marquis' Who's Who in America and Who’s Who in the South and Southwest.
Later life.
Tully moved to Tampa, Florida from Concord, Massachusetts with his wife Victoria in 1992. He died on June 20, 2010, from complications following a stroke. He is survived by his wife, a daughter, a son, and four grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18908881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908881" title="Train of Events">
Train of Events

Train of Events is a 1949 British film made by Ealing Studios directed by Sidney Cole, Charles Crichton and Basil Dearden.
A portmanteau work, it tells the various stories of the passengers who are on a train which crashes into a stalled petrol tanker at a level (grade) crossing.
Plot.
The film opens with a long shot of a Liverpool-bound train waiting to depart from Euston station in London. The train leaves with various characters on board.
After dark, the train is still travelling north at speed when a light being waved by the trackside is seen by the driver. He applies the brakes, but a road tanker stalled across a level crossing is looming up just ahead. Plainly, there is not enough room to stop. Just as the collision is about to occur there is a fade out, which is succeeded by a general view of the railway locomotive sheds at Euston, three days earlier.
Several personal stories are then told in a series of flashbacks which make up the train of events referred to in the title.
Peter Finch plays Philip, an actor on board the train who has a dark secret. He has been visited by his estranged wife, and in a tense scene set in his lodgings we learn that she has been unfaithful while he was serving in the Army. She jeers at him, and he is roused to one supreme effort of revenge, strangling her while a gramophone plays "These Foolish Things". The theatre party to which he belongs is travelling on the train, en route to a tour of Canada. Also on board is a costume hamper, which contains the body of his wife. He is hoping to "lose" it somehow on the Transatlantic crossing, but two suspicious detectives have been tracking him, and are on board the train too.
Also among those troubled on this journey are a desperate couple, Richard and Ella (Laurence Payne and Joan Dowling). He is a former prisoner of war on the run, who hates the idea of returning to Germany. They have endured a miserable life of subterfuge in a succession of seedy lodgings, and Ella is hoping that they can start again on the other side of the Atlantic. However, Ella has stolen money from her landlady's cashbox to pay for the journey, and there was only enough for one of them to emigrate. Selflessly, she intends that it will be him.
A lighter note is sounded by the tale of composer Raymond Hillary (John Clements), who is travelling to a performance away from London with his star pianist, the temperamental Irina (played by Irina Baranova). Although married, he has a string of dalliances behind him, and Irina is the latest of these.
The fourth story takes place at the front of the train, centred on engine driver Jim Hardcastle (Jack Warner). He is facing his own crisis, because he is a candidate for a job in management at the locomotive sheds. This would take him off the footplate and allow him to work office hours for the first time in his career, which is the heartfelt wish of his wife Emily (Gladys Henson). However, to protect his daughter's future husband when he was accidentally absent, Jim illicitly worked the younger man's shift, and this innocent deception could cost him the promotion.
The scene returns to the train, which is now roaring through the dark of the evening. Again, there is the light by the track, and the tanker just ahead. This time, we see the whole collision.
The derailed and damaged train is lying in ruins. Jim Hardcastle groggily recovers consciousness in a pile of coal from the overturned tender, and shocked passengers wander about. One of them is Richard, but Ella cannot wander. She is on a stretcher and evidently badly hurt, and dies before she can be taken away for treatment. Richard runs from the scene (and the attending police), unaware of the steamship ticket in Ella's handbag, which blows away across the tracks.
Philip, meanwhile, seems unhurt and tries to make a dash for freedom. But as he tries to evade the detectives he runs dangerously close to the wreckage, just in time to be caught as the end of an unstable coach collapses on top of him.
Irina and Raymond are only bruised, and their company is able to continue with their performance, albeit in bandages.
There is a happy ending for driver Jim. The final scene shows him waving goodbye to his wife, as he prepares to cycle across to the locomotive sheds on his first day in that nine-to-six job.
Production information.
Jack Warner was permanently injured while making this film. He had insisted on learning how a steam engine is driven to get his posture right, but fell into a locomotive turntable pit and injured his back. He had a slight limp ever afterwards as a result, which became noticeably worse as he aged.
One quirk of the film is that the number of a locomotive featured in one of the early scenes is painted out (presumably to avoid worrying passengers who might fear that it really would be involved in an accident) but is still clearly readable because the numbers themselves were made from raised metal.
The locomotives used in the film included two LMS Class 3F "Jinty" 0-6-0Ts Nos. 47327 and 47675, and LMS Royal Scot Class No. 46126 "Royal Army Service Corps". Two Royal Scots, No. 46100 "Royal Scot" and No. 46115 "Scots Guardsman", and several Jinties are preserved today, including No. 47327 at the Midland Railway - Butterley.

</doc>
<doc id="18908889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908889" title="7th Louisiana Regiment Infantry (African Descent)">
7th Louisiana Regiment Infantry (African Descent)

The 7th Louisiana Regiment Infantry (African Descent) was a regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War. The regiment served in Mississippi, Louisiana and Arkansas and mustered out March 13, 1866.
Service in the District of Vicksburg.
The regiment was first organized and on duty in New Orleans, Louisiana for 60 days from July 10 to August 6, 1863. The regiment was organized once more at Memphis, Tennessee, Holly Springs, Mississippi and Island No.10, in December 1863 and was on post duty at Vicksburg until March 1864. The unit was involved in a skirmish at Vidalia, Louisiana on February 7, 1864.
64th Regiment Infantry U.S. Colored Troops.
The designation of the unit was changed to the 64th Regiment Infantry U.S. Colored Troops on March 11, 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="18908902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908902" title="PRR D7">
PRR D7

Class D7 (formerly Class A (anthracite), pre-1895) on the Pennsylvania Railroad was a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotive.
Fifty-eight were built by the PRR's Altoona Works between 1882–1891 with drivers, while sixty-one of class D7a were constructed with drivers.
The D7 was fundamentally an anthracite-burning version of the PRR D6, with a larger fire-grate in order to burn the slower-burning, harder coal.

</doc>
<doc id="18908914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908914" title="Palisade National Forest">
Palisade National Forest

Palisade National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Wyoming and Idaho on July 1, 1910, with , evenly divided between Wyoming and Idaho, from the southern portion of Targhee National Forest. On July 1, 1917 the entire forest was named "Targhee" and the "Palisade" name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908924" title="Palouse National Forest">
Palouse National Forest

Palouse National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Idaho on March 2, 1907 with . On July 1, 1908 the entire forest was absorbed by Coeur d'Alene National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908938" title="Chapman, Pasadena, California">
Chapman, Pasadena, California

Chapman, also known as Chapman Woods is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Del Mar Boulevard to the north, Huntington Drive to the south, the Eaton Wash to the west, and Highway 19 to the east.
Chapman is an anomaly in that part of the neighborhood is in incorporated Pasadena while part is in unincorporated Los Angeles County. The region is named Chapman Woods because it is heavily wooded.
Landmarks.
There is heavy commercial development on Foothill Boulevard, Colorado Boulevard, and Highway 19. The central feature of the neighborhood is Willard Elementary School and Wilson Middle School, which face each other across Madre Street. All entrances into the neighborhood are signed with signs that says "Chapman Woods".
Education.
Chapman is served by Willard Elementary School, Wilson Middle School, and both Pasadena High School and Blair High Schools.
Transportation.
The Metro Gold Line has a terminal complex on Sierra Madre Villa Avenue and Foothill Boulevard. The neighborhood overall is served by Metro Local lines 79, 177, 180, 181, 264, 366, 267, 268, 287 and 487; Pasadena ARTS routes 31, 32, 40, and 60; Foothill Transit Route 187; and Montebello Bus Lines route 20.

</doc>
<doc id="18908941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908941" title="Ern Cowley">
Ern Cowley

Ern Cowley (born 17 August 1892) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
Cowley came to Carlton from Brunswick and had a strong debut season, kicking 35 goals to top the VFL's goalkicking. He played just one more year with Carlton before returning to the VFA where he joined Prahran.

</doc>
<doc id="18908956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908956" title="9th Louisiana Regiment Infantry (African Descent)">
9th Louisiana Regiment Infantry (African Descent)

The 9th Louisiana Infantry (African descent) was a regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War. 
63rd United States Colored Regiment Infantry.
The designation of the regiment was changed to the 63rd Regiment Infantry, U.S. Colored Troops on March 11, 1864. The regiment served in Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Tennessee and mustered out January 9, 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="18908959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908959" title="Tread Bolt">
Tread Bolt

Tread Bolt is a fictional character in the various Transformers universes. See also Treadbolt.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Tread Bolt is an Autobot Micromaster jet. When he's not using his stealth to infiltrate Decepticon airspace, he's sneaking up on his fellow Autobot Micromasters. Even though he sees this as "practice", his comrades in the Air Patrol would rather he let his skills lapse—especially when he shows up, uninvited, in their quarters.
Dreamwave Productions.
Tread Bolt had a biography printed in issue #7 of Dreamwave Productions "More Than Meets The Eye" series.
IDW Publishing.
Tread Bolt was among the Micromasters who appeared in "Spotlight: Hardhead" who attacked Nightbeat and Hardhead on the planet Gorlam Prime.
Transformers: Energon.
An Autobot partnered with the Mini-Con Rollbar. He has yet to appear in any fiction or even be given a biography. 
Hasbro registered the name Treadbolt for U.S. Trademark in October 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18908960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908960" title="Sam Hinds (baseball)">
Sam Hinds (baseball)

Samuel Russell Hinds (born July 11, 1953 in Frederick, Maryland) was a pitcher for the Milwaukee Brewers. He was selected in the thirty-fifth round of the amateur draft by the St. Louis Cardinals, but never played for them. After graduating from Broward Junior College, he would go on to be signed in by the Brewers as an undrafted amateur free agent. He made his major league debut in against the Boston Red Sox. He lost the outing, and would make only two more starts before being demoted to triple A in , then double A in . He finished playing baseball after the 1979 season, having made only three starts in his major league career.

</doc>
<doc id="18908972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908972" title="Pinal Mountains National Forest">
Pinal Mountains National Forest

Pinal Mountains National Forest was established as the Pinal Mountains Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in Arizona on March 20, 1905 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On January 13, 1908 the forest was combined with Tonto National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18908980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908980" title="Skinny House (Long Beach)">
Skinny House (Long Beach)

The aptly nicknamed Skinny House at 708 Gladys Avenue (corner of 7th Street) in the Rose Park neighborhood of Long Beach, California, United States is a narrow three-story house that has been cited by both the Guinness Book of World Records and Ripley's Believe It or Not as the nation's skinniest house.
The yellow-stuccoed Tudor style house was built on a lot measuring by in 1932 by Nelson Rummond, who received the land as a repayment for a $100 loan one year earlier. He built the house after someone bet him that he could not build a habitable house on such a small lot.
In 1959, it was discovered that the house had leaned to the north and was straightened. The Skinny House is a registered city landmark of Long Beach, California, as of 1983.
Public interest lawyer William John Cox maintained his law practice in Skinny House between 1977 and 1981, including his prosecution of the Holocaust denial case.

</doc>
<doc id="18908988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908988" title="Daisy-Villa, Pasadena, California">
Daisy-Villa, Pasadena, California

Daisy-Villa is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Sierra Madre Boulevard to the north and west, Foothill Boulevard to the south, and the Eaton Wash to the east.
Landmarks.
There is only some light commercial development in the neighborhood on Foothill Boulevard. Daisy-Villa has more parks than any other neighborhood in Pasadena, all three of which meet at the center of the neighborhood: Eaton Wash Park, Sunnyslope Park, and Gwinn Park.
Education.
Daisy-Villa is served by Field Elementary School, Wilson Middle School, and Pasadena High School.
Transportation.
It is served by Metro Local lines 268 and 487; Pasadena ARTS routes 31, 40, and 60; Foothill Transit Route 187; and Montebello Bus Lines route 20.

</doc>
<doc id="18908995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908995" title="Pine Plains National Forest">
Pine Plains National Forest

Pine Plains National Forest was established in New York by the U.S. Forest Service on April 10, 1925 with from part of the Pine Plains Military Reservation. On December 2, 1927 the executive order for its creation was rescinded and the forest was abolished. The lands are presently part of Fort Drum.

</doc>
<doc id="18908999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18908999" title="1955 Chatham Cup">
1955 Chatham Cup

The 1955 Chatham Cup was the 28th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with regional associations each holding separate qualifying rounds.
Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included Eastern Suburbs (Auckland), Huntly Thistle, Eastern Union (Gisborne), New Plymouth Old Boys, Napier Rovers, Wanganui Athletic, Kiwi United (Manawatu), Masterton Athletic, Victoria University, Western (Christchurch), and Roslyn-Wakari (Dunedin).
The 1955 final.
In the final, winger Peter Saunderson became the seventh player to score a finals hat-trick. Western's total of six goals equalled Waterside's tally from the 1940 final, and the aggregate of eight goals also equalled the record set in that final. The game was played in a howling Wellington southerly, and Western made full use of it in the first half, rattling in four goals. John White and Alex Davis had both scored in the opening dozen minutes, and these were added to by both Saunderson and Stan Ralph. In the second half Anderson and King reduced the deficit to two before Saunderson scored a further brace to seal the win for the southerners. King's goal was his sixth in Chatham Cup finals, after a hat-trick in the 1951 Final and two more in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="18909029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909029" title="Plum Creek Timber Land">
Plum Creek Timber Land

The Plum Creek Timber Land was established by the General Land Office in Colorado on June 23, 1892 with . On May 12, 1905 the forest was consolidated with Pike's Peak Forest Reserve and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909051" title="East Washington Village, Pasadena, California">
East Washington Village, Pasadena, California

East Washington Village is a predominantly Armenian neighborhood in Pasadena, California, straddling the border with Altadena and centered around Washington Boulevard between Hill Avenue and Altadena Drive. Though the western half is in incorporated Pasadena, the eastern half is in unincorporated Altadena.
Landmarks.
East Washington Village has heavy commercial development throughout its entire length, and has undergone significant redevelopment in the last decade.
The district's southwestern section is home to many federal-style homes, making it a frequent location for films.
Education.
East Washington Village is home to Webster Elementary School, and is served by Eliot Middle School and Pasadena High School.
Transportation.
East Washington Village is served by Metro Local lines 256, 264, 268, and 686; and Pasadena ARTS routes 31 and 32.

</doc>
<doc id="18909052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909052" title="Priest River National Forest">
Priest River National Forest

Priest River National Forest was established as the Priest River Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in Idaho and Washington on February 22, 1897 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905,it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 the entire forest was divided to establish Kaniksu National Forest and Pend Oreille National Forest and the name was discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="18909081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909081" title="Rocky Point Holiday">
Rocky Point Holiday

"Rocky Point Holiday" is a composition for wind ensemble by Ron Nelson. Nelson's first major work, it was written in 1966 on a summer vacation in Rocky Point, Rhode Island as a commissioned piece for the University of Minnesota's band's Russian tour. The piece was premiered by The University of Minnesota Concert Band and Dr. Frank Bencriscutto, conductor at the 14th CBDNA National Conference at University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan in February 1967 and published by Boosey & Hawkes in 1969. The piece was further popularized by the Garfield Cadets as part of their 1983 Drum Corps International championship-winning program.

</doc>
<doc id="18909083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909083" title="Ruby National Forest">
Ruby National Forest

Ruby National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in the Ruby Mountains of northeast Nevada on June 19, 1912 with transferred from part of Humboldt National Forest and other lands. On July 1, 1917 the entire forest was transferred back to Humboldt and the name was discontinued. The lands are presently part of the Ruby Mountains District of Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="18909084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909084" title="Classical Genetics Simulator">
Classical Genetics Simulator

Classical Genetics Simulator (CGS) is a web-based genetics learning tool developed at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. It is used primarily by undergraduate biology students at colleges in the United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18909120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909120" title="Thomas Preston Davis">
Thomas Preston Davis

Thomas Preston Davis,(born July 31, 1953) is a trauma/general surgeon and formerly a Captain in the Medical Corps of the United States Navy. While serving as a trauma surgeon at the Naval Medical Center in Portsmouth, Virginia, Davis rose to prominence for being lead clinical medical caretaker of the survivors of the USS "Cole" (DDG-67) attack in Yemen and the survivors from the USS "Firebolt" terrorist attack which occurred during operations to protect oil platforms in the Persian Gulf. After transferring to Okinawa, Japan in 2004, then Commander Davis was deployed to Sri Lanka for the 2004 tsunami relief effort where the group from 3d Force Service Support Group (now 3d Marine Logistics Group ) was sent to Point Pedro, Sri Lanka near the Tamil Tiger/Government civil war truce line. In late 2005, Davis was Chief of Professional Services for the joint relief effort in Shinkiari in the Northwest Frontier Province of Pakistan after the earthquake which killed approximately 73,000 victims. Additionally, in the spring of 2006, Davis led the medical relief effort in Java, Indonesia following the earthquake in that area. Davis was frequently the face of US military relief operations in the 2004-2006 time period.
Personal life.
Davis was born in Charlottesville, Virginia, son of James Madison Davis and Alma Lucille Tate. In the late 1950s, the family moved to the Maryland suburbs of Washington, DC where he attended public school in Bladensburg. After graduating from high school in 1971, Davis enlisted in the United States Navy and remained on active duty and in the reserve until 1977. Tradevman Second Class Davis played in the All-Navy Volleyball championship in 1974 and 1975 and performed in the All-Navy Talent Contest in 1974. After leaving the Navy, Davis attended one year of college at Bucks County Community College in Newtown, Pennsylvania and then transferred to the University of Maryland at College Park. He graduated with a Bachelors degree in Chemical Engineering in 1981 and was a member of the Omega Chi Epsilon honor society. Davis married Kathryn Louise Nugent, daughter of Jerry Nugent and Geneva Hembree, on September 6, 1980. The couple are the parents of four children. Davis is the brother of J. Madison Davis, renowned author and English Professor at the University of Oklahoma.
Career.
After graduating from Maryland in 1981, Davis was recruited by the DuPont corporation and worked at the Savannah River Plant in Aiken, SC in the Away From Reactor Storage program then the L Area Restart project. In 1984, he trained as a US Department of Energy-certified nuclear reactor control room supervisor. After serving as a technical expert during the design and construction of a control room simulator, Davis left DuPont to begin medical school at the Medical University of South Carolina. He graduated in 1990 with a Doctor of Medicine degree. After graduation, Davis completed a residency in General Surgery at the National Naval Medical Center, in Bethesda, Maryland. From 1995–1997, he was Chief of Surgical Services at the Naval Hospital in Naples, Italy. Davis completed a Trauma/Critical Care Fellowship at Grady Memorial Hospital/Emory University from 1997-1999 with Drs. David V. Feliciano and Grace S. Rozycki. From 1999-2004, he was stationed at the Naval Medical Center in Portsmouth, VA. It was during this period that the and incidents occurred. After deploying from Okinawa for the humanitarian missions in 2004-2006 noted above, Davis served as Ship's Surgeon aboard and participating in Operations Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom. In 2009, CAPT Davis became Head of Surgery at the Joint Health Care Clinic on the Naval Weapons Station in Charleston, SC and served there until his retirement from the Navy in October 2013. Doctor Davis is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons, a State Faculty level Advanced Trauma Life Support instructor, and has been certified in General Surgery by the American Board of Surgery since 1997. Doctor Davis is currently Surgical Director at Carolina East Medical Center.
During his naval career, Captain Davis received the following awards: Defense Meritorious Service Medal, Navy/Marine Corps Meritorious Service Medal x 2; Navy/Marine Corps Commendation Medal x 3; Navy/Marine Corps Achievement Medal; Joint Unit Commendation; Navy Unit Commendation; Meritorious Unit Commendation x 6; Battle "E"; National Defense Medal x 3; Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal; Global War On Terrorism Expeditionary Medal; Global War On Terrorism Service Medal; Armed Forces Service Medal; Humanitarian Service Medal x 3; Sea Service ribbon x 5; Overseas Service Ribbon x 2; NATO Medal, Rifle Sharpshooter ribbon, Pistol Sharpshooter ribbon; Medical Surface Warfare Officer device; and the Fleet Marine Force Officer device.
References.
The Journal of trauma, injury, infection, and critical care ISSN 1079-6061
2003, vol. 55, no6, pp. 1022–1028 page(s) (article) (4 ref.)

</doc>
<doc id="18909125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909125" title="Ruby Mountains National Forest">
Ruby Mountains National Forest

Ruby Mountains National Forest was established as the Ruby Mountains Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in the Ruby Mountains of northeastern Nevada on May 3, 1906 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 the entire forest was added to Humboldt National Forest and the name was discontinued until Ruby National Forest was established from Humboldt in 1912. The lands are presently part of the Ruby Mountain District of Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
The forest was administered from the Gold Creek Ranger Station from 1911-to 1916, which has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18909127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909127" title="Garfield Heights, Pasadena, California">
Garfield Heights, Pasadena, California

Garfield Heights is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. The original tract name registered with the city of Pasadena in 1904. In 1998, the area was designated a landmark district. It is bordered by Washington Boulevard to the north, Mountain Street to the south, North Marengo Avenue to the west, and Los Robles Avenue to the east.
Architecture.
The neighborhood contains one of the city's oldest intact neighborhoods featuring a variety of architectural styles ranging from Queen Anne to Spanish Revival. Many of the era's architects built homes here including Meyer & Holler, Greene and Greene and Sylvanus Marston.
"Los Angeles" magazine referred to the neighborhood as "Pasadena's very well kept little secret".
Education.
Garfield Heights is served by Loma Alta Elementary, Eliot Middle School, and Muir High School.
Transportation.
The neighborhood is served by Metro Rapid line 762, as well as Metro Local lines 260, 268 and 687; and Pasadena Area Rapid Transit System routes 20, 31, and 32.

</doc>
<doc id="18909129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909129" title="Stable vector bundle">
Stable vector bundle

In mathematics, a stable vector bundle is a vector bundle that is stable in the sense of geometric invariant theory. They were defined by .
Stable vector bundles over curves.
A bundle "W" over an algebraic curve (or over a Riemann surface) is stable if and only if 
for all proper non-zero subbundles "V" of "W" 
and is semistable if 
for all proper non-zero subbundles "V" of "W". Informally this says that a bundle is stable if it is "more ample" than any proper subbundle, and is unstable if it contains a "more ample" subbundle. 
The moduli space of stable bundles of given rank and degree is an algebraic variety.
The cohomology of the moduli space of stable vector bundles over a curve was described by and .
Stable vector bundles over projective varieties.
If "X" is a smooth projective variety of dimension "n" and "H" is a hyperplane section, then a vector bundle (or torsionfree sheaf) "W" is called stable if
for all proper non-zero subbundles (or subsheaves) "V" of "W", where formula_4 denotes the Euler characteristic of an algebraic vector bundle and the vector bundle formula_5 means the "n"-th twist of "V" by "H". "W" is called semistable if the above holds with < replaced by ≤.
There are also other variants in the literature: cf. this thesis p.29.

</doc>
<doc id="18909133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909133" title="The Dish (TV series)">
The Dish (TV series)

The Dish was a satirical television series that aired on the Style Network in the United States. The show (first airing August 16, 2008), hosted by Danielle Fishel, skewers the latest in pop culture (television, movies, magazines, celebrities, etc.) in similar fashion to sister network E! Entertainment Television's series "The Soup". The show also aired on International E! channels alongside "The Soup". The show's final episode aired March 20, 2011.
Format.
As with "The Soup", the show primarily consists of Fishel providing humorous commentary on content (such as clips of television programs), arranged in themed segments. Unlike "The Soup" however, the show places more emphasis on fashion and celebrity culture.

</doc>
<doc id="18909137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909137" title="Nyatri Tsenpo">
Nyatri Tsenpo

Nyatri Tsenpo (Wylie: gNya'-khri bTsan-po; Tibetan Pinyin: Nyachi Zanbo) was a king of Tibet suggested to have descended from an Indian dynasty. He was a legendary progenitor of the so-called "Yarlung dynasty". His reign is said to have begun in 127 BC. According to traditional Tibetan history, he was the first ruler of the kingdom. He is said to have descended from heaven on Yalashangbo, the sacred mountain. Due to certain physical peculiarities – his hands were webbed, and his eyelids closed from the bottom and not the top – he was hailed as a god by locals, and they took him as their king. This is reflected in his name; "Tsenpo" means "sovereign", while "nyatri" means "enthroned by the neck". According to Bön legend, the first Tibetan building, Yumbulagang, was erected for the king. The year of his enthronement marks the first year of the Tibetan calendar; the Tibetan New Year, the Losar, is celebrated in his honor.
Tibetan mythology holds that the first kings were immortal, and would be pulled up to heaven by a cord which had first deposited them on earth. This is what is said to have happened to Nyatri Tsenpo as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18909146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909146" title="PJM Interconnection">
PJM Interconnection

PJM Interconnection LLC (PJM) is a Regional Transmission Organization (RTO) in the United States. It is part of the Eastern Interconnection grid operating an electric transmission system serving all or parts of Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia and the District of Columbia. PJM, headquartered in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, is currently the world's largest competitive wholesale electricity market. More than 830 companies are members of PJM, which serves 60 million customers and has 167 gigawatts of generating capacity. With 1,325 generation sources, of transmission lines and 6,038 transmission substations, PJM delivered 682 terawatt-hours of electricity in 2009.
History.
In 1927 the Public Service Electric and Gas Company, Philadelphia Electric Company, and Pennsylvania Power & Light Company formed a power pool called the Pennsylvania-New Jersey Interconnection. The purpose of the power pool was to dispatch electric generating plants on a lowest cost basis, thereby reducing the electric costs for all members of the pool. After Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and General Public Utilities joined in 1956, the pool was renamed the Pennsylvania-New Jersey-Maryland Interconnection, or PJM. 
FERC Order 880, 888 and 889.
Following the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) Order 880 that began the deregulation of the traditional utility companies, FERC began to set up the concepts of an Independent System Operator (ISO) and Regional Transmission Organization (RTO), which allowed third party entities to manage functions of the electric grid that were traditionally responsibilities of vertically integrated utility companies. 
PJM was designated an RTO by the FERC in 2001. FERC regulates PJM and approves its open access transmission tariff for the wholesale electricity market.
Deregulation and expansion, 2002.
In April 2002, Allegheny Power (AP) was the first external control area to join the PJM RTO as a market participant; "PJM Classic" and AP operated as a single control area, filling the roles of balancing authority, interchange authority, market operator and transmission operator. 
Involvement in the Northeast Blackout of 2003.
During the Northeast Blackout of 2003, the transmission systems within the PJM operations area largely remained operational and were not affected by the power failure. 
When the grid separated, a small portion of the Public Service Electric & Gas of New Jersey zone electrically separated from the Eastern Interconnection due to over-frequency relay operations. 
Deregulation and expansion, 2004-present.
In May 2004, Commonwealth Edison (ComEd) joined PJM as a separate balancing authority operating under the RTO. PJM was able to manage the two territories in a single market by a mechanism known as "the pathway", a set of firm contracts that transferred energy from ComEd through third party control areas to the eastern PJM markets and beyond. In October 2004, American Electric Power (AEP) and Dayton Power & Light (DPL) joined PJM, which allowed PJM to collapse back into a single control area. 
In January 2005, Duquesne Light Co. (DLCO) joined PJM. In May 2005, Dominion Virginia Power joined PJM, extending the southern border to North Carolina. FirstEnergy was added to PJM in June 2011, expanding the footprint across northern Ohio to the Michigan border. Areas of Ohio and Kentucky near Cincinnati covered by Duke Energy joined the PJM footprint in January 2012. At this time, PJM now borders 22 balancing authorities representing eleven market interfaces.
Transmission system planning and upgrades.
PJM uses a fifteen-year planning horizon for planning transmission system upgrades. Under PJM's Regional Transmission Expansion Planning (RTEP) process, PJM considers forecasts of load growth and additions of demand response, interconnection requests for new and planned retirements of existing generating plants, and possible solutions to mitigate congestion on the transmission system. If the upgrade involves the construction of a new transmission line, local siting decisions involving the route of the new line are determined by the owner of the line and the state government.

</doc>
<doc id="18909147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909147" title="Sahl Hasheesh">
Sahl Hasheesh

A purpose-built paradise on the Red Sea Riviera, Sahl Hasheesh offers up everything from a sunken city to 18 holes, not to mention a fabulous white sand beach.
The Sahl Hasheesh International Resort Community is located approximately 18 km south of Hurghada, and is set to become the largest fully integrated resort community on the Red Sea coast of Egypt. The community enjoys expansive views of the Red Sea mountains and coast line, clearly exhibiting the beauty of physical natural landscape. The location is also highly accessible by all means of transport.
Sahl Hasheesh encompasses an area of approximately 41 million square metres (4100 hectares), about two-thirds the size of Manhattan in New York. The overall land area is to be developed in phases, on the basis of an original master plan and design intent which is to create distinct neighborhoods, each with a unique character and theme.

</doc>
<doc id="18909148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909148" title="8th Louisiana Regiment Infantry (African Descent)">
8th Louisiana Regiment Infantry (African Descent)

The 8th Louisiana Regiment Infantry (African Descent) was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was composed primarily of freed or escaped slaves from Louisiana's plantations and was commanded by white officers.
Organization.
In the spring of 1863, Col. Hiram Scofield, a veteran officer in the 2nd Iowa Infantry, organized the 8th Louisiana Infantry at Lake Providence, Louisiana. The new regiment was mustered into service on May 5.
Vicksburg Campaign.
During the Vicksburg Campaign, the regiment was attached to the African Brigade, District of Northeast Louisiana. The brigade was led successively by Col. Isaac F. Shepard (who was under arrest at the time of the Battle of Milliken's Bend) and then Hermann Lieb (wounded June 7, 1863). Finally, Lt. Col. Charles J. Paine led the brigade as the campaign wound down. Returning to Lake Providence, the regiment was engaged in a minor battle on June 9 against a small Confederate force composed of the 13th Texas Infantry Regiment and the 13th Louisiana Cavalry Battalion.
The 8th Louisiana was then on routine garrison duty at Vicksburg, Mississippi, until the late winter of 1864. Then, it participated in the expedition up the Yazoo River from February 1 until March 8, and participated in the capture of Yazoo City, Mississippi, on February 4.
U.S. Colored Troops.
The regiment subsequently returned to Vicksburg, where it was reorganized as the 47th Regiment Infantry, United States Colored Troops on March 11.

</doc>
<doc id="18909150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909150" title="Canadian records in track and field">
Canadian records in track and field

The following is a list of national outdoor and indoor athletics records for Canada maintained by Canada's national athletics federation, Athletics Canada.
Indoor.
Women.
+ = en route to a longer distance
<br>
<br>
A = affected by altitude
<br>
X = later annulled due to doping violations

</doc>
<doc id="18909168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909168" title="Silence (TV series)">
Silence (TV series)

Silence () is a 2006 Taiwanese drama starring Vic Chou of F4, Korean actress Park Eun-hye, Cantopop singer Andy Hui and Kingone Wang. It was produced by Comic Ritz International Production (可米瑞智國際藝能有限公司) and Chai Zhi Ping (柴智屏) and Hsiao Yi (蕭定一) as producers and directed by Zhang Zhong (張中一)
It was first boardcasted in Taiwan on free-to-air China Television (CTV) (中視) from 21 May 2006 to 24 September 2006, on Sundays at 22:00. It was also shown on cable TV Eastern Television (ETTV) (東森電視).
Synopsis.
Qi Wei Yi (Vic Chou), an ambitious but lonely businessman whose only moment of happiness took place 13 years ago with a mute girl, "Zhao Shen Shen" Park Eun-hye. When he was 15, he won a swimming competition and broke his leg, resulting in the alias "Plastered Leg". Zhao Shen Shen ditched school one day with her next-door neighbor, Zuo Jun, and got into a bus accident. She has been mute ever since. One day, on her way to the hospital, Shen Shen's mom gets hit by a car and doesn't survive. Wei Yi and Shen Shen both feel lonely so they send and receive messages at an abandoned bomb shelter. After a while, they meet each other and start communicating. Wei Yi does not know about Shen Shen's accident which caused her to be mute; he just thinks that Shen Shen does not like to speak. After a week of happiness, Wei Yi finds out that he has to go to England to study and transfer hospitals. A doctor helps Wei Yi see Shen Shen one more time, and he hurriedly writes down his phone number for Shen Shen.
Fast forward to 2006; Wei Yi is the CEO of his father's company while Shen Shen is still mute. They meet each other again without knowing each other's identities and slowly develop a friendship between them. Throughout many difficulties Wei Yi and Shen Shen slowly realise each other's identities; however Wei Yi finds out realises that he has cancer and has three months to live.

</doc>
<doc id="18909176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909176" title="Drigum Tsenpo">
Drigum Tsenpo

Drigum Tsenpo was an emperor of Tibet. According to Tibetan mythology, he was the first king of Tibet to lose his immortality when he angered his stable master, Lo-ngam. Legend states that rulers of Tibet descended from heaven to earth on a cord, and that they were pulled back up when their time came. Lo-gnam cut the cord, leading to Drigum Tsenpo's death; he thus became the first Tibetan ruler to be buried on earth.
There is a detailed, if rather fabulous, account of his life in the "Old Tibetan Chronicle".

</doc>
<doc id="18909192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909192" title="Jefferson Park, Pasadena, California">
Jefferson Park, Pasadena, California

Jefferson Park is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Orange Grove Boulevard to the north, Walnut Street to the south, Hill Avenue to the west, and Allen Avenue to the east.
Landmarks.
At the center of Jefferson Park is Jefferson Elementary School, the adjacent park of the same name, and Interstate 210. There is some commercial development on Walnut Street and Allen Avenue.
Education.
Jefferson Park is served by Jefferson Elementary School, Eliot Middle School, and Pasadena High School.
Transportation.
The Metro Gold Line has a station on Allen Avenue at the 210 Freeway. Jefferson Park is also served by Metro Local lines 177, 256, 686; as well as Pasadena ARTS routes 10 and 40.

</doc>
<doc id="18909199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909199" title="Inter-Lakes High School">
Inter-Lakes High School

Inter-Lakes High School is a high school in Meredith, New Hampshire. The school serves the towns of Meredith, Center Harbor, and Sandwich.
The school competes in NHIAA Class M, and has teams in cross-country skiing, alpine skiing, soccer, basketball, tennis, baseball, softball and girls' volleyball, as well as a math team that competes in the Small School Division and were state champions in 2008. Football was introduced in 2006. New in 2008, the varsity program will start in Division 6. In the Fall 2009, Inter-Lakes football won their first Division VI title, beating Winnisquam 6-0.

</doc>
<doc id="18909210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909210" title="Salmon River National Forest">
Salmon River National Forest

Salmon River National Forest was established as the Salmon River Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in Idaho on November 5, 1906 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 part of the forest was combined with Challis National Forest and part with Salmon National Forest and the name was discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="18909215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909215" title="Climbing High">
Climbing High

Climbing High is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Carol Reed.
Plot.
Nicky Brooke (Redgrave) is a wealthy young man who despite his engagement to the aristocratic (and broke) Lady Constance Westaker (Vyner), falls for hard-up model Diana Castles (Matthews) after nearly running her over with his car. In an effort to distance himself from 'tabloid' created tales of his playboy lifestyle, he changes his name and attempts to woo Diana by pretending to be poor.

</doc>
<doc id="18909216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909216" title="Flute Quest">
Flute Quest

Flute Quest is the Pacific Northwest's festival celebrating the Native American flute. Flute Quest takes place annually. Flute Quest features the New Breath stage featuring local and out of town performers, workshops, vendors, and musical jam sessions related to the playing and making of the Native American flute, Native American culture, and other indigenous instruments.
Origins of Flute Quest.
Flute Quest was first conceived by Brent Haines of Woodsounds Flutes late in 2004. Washington Flute Circle was organized at that time in order to organize and promote Flute Quest and be a parent organization for flute circles in the state. At the time, Woodsounds Flutes was located in Bothell, and Brent felt that the Pacific Northwest needed its own festival similar to Musical Echoes in Florida or the Potomac Flute Festival in Virginia. Initial legwork on the project revealed to the organizers that timing was too tight to produce a festival for summer of 2005, so the first Flute Quest happened in 2006 at St. Edward State Park in nearby Kenmore.
Flute Quest initially garnered start-up support in the form of a public grant from 4Culture, the cultural outreach arm of King County. With generous public and private supporters, Flute Quest started off with a bang. In their first year they hosted many national and international Native American flute performing artists, including Robert Mirabal and Mary Youngblood.
In September 2006, the inaugural Flute Quest was held at Saint Edward State Park. In August 2007 and September 2008, Flute Quest was graciously hosted by Country Village in Bothell, Washington. From 2009-2012, Flute Quest has been held in partnership with Salt Water State Park in Des Moines, Washington. It is scheduled to return there in Aug, 2013.
Flute Quest today.
Today, Flute Quest has evolved into a somewhat more regionally-centered music festival, showcasing and celebrating the talents and creativity of Native American flute artists in the Pacific Northwest United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18909227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909227" title="Curing of tobacco">
Curing of tobacco

After tobacco has been harvested, it is necessary to cure it before consumption. Tobacco curing is also known as color curing because when tobacco leaves are cured the intention is to change their color and reduce their chlorophyll content.
History.
Curing tobacco has always been a process necessary to prepare the leaf for consumption. In recent time traditional curing barns in the U.S. are falling into disuse, as the trend toward using prefabricated metal curing boxes. Temporary curing boxes are often found on location at tobacco farms.
Processes.
Curing and subsequent aging allow for the slow oxidation and degradation of carotenoids in the tobacco leaf. This produces various compounds in the tobacco leaves that give cured tobacco its sweet hay, tea, rose oil, or fruity aromatic flavor that contributes to the "smoothness" of the consumed product. Non-aged or low quality tobacco is often artificially flavored with these otherwise naturally occurring compounds. Tobacco flavoring is a significant source of revenue for the international multi-million dollar flavor and fragrance industry.
The aging process continues for a period of months and often extends into the post-curing harvest process.
After tobacco is cured, it is moved from the curing barn into a storage area for processing. If whole plants were cut, the leaves are removed from the tobacco stalks in a process called stripping. For both cut and pulled tobacco, the leaves are then sorted into different grades. In colonial times, the tobacco was then "prized" into hogsheads for transportation. In bright tobacco regions, prizing was replaced by stacking wrapped "hands" into loose piles to be sold at auction. Today, most cured tobacco is baled before sales are made under pre-sold contracts.
Methods.
Cut plants or pulled leaves are immediately transferred to tobacco barns (kiln houses), where they will be cured. Curing methods vary with the type of tobacco grown, and tobacco barn design varies accordingly.
Air.
"Air-cured" tobacco is hung in well-ventilated barns and allowed to dry over a period of four to eight weeks. Air-cured tobacco is low in sugar, which gives the tobacco smoke a light, sweet flavor, and a high nicotine content. Cigar and burley tobaccos are air cured.
Fire.
"Fire-cured" tobacco is hung in large barns where fires of hardwoods are kept on continuous or intermittent low smoulder and takes between three days and ten weeks, depending on the process and the tobacco. Fire curing produces a tobacco low in sugar and high in nicotine. Pipe tobacco, chewing tobacco, and snuff are fire cured.
Flue.
"Flue-cured" tobacco was originally strung onto tobacco sticks, which were hung from tier-poles in curing barns (Aus: kilns, also traditionally called oasts). These barns have flues which run from externally fed fire boxes, heat-curing the tobacco without exposing it to smoke, slowly raising the temperature over the course of the curing. The process will generally take about a week. This method produces cigarette tobacco that is high in sugar and has medium to high levels of nicotine. The Smith Tobacco Barn is an example of a traditional, flue-cured tobacco barn.
Sun.
"Sun-cured" tobacco dries uncovered in the sun. This method is used in Turkey, Greece, Bulgaria, Macedonia, Romania and Mediterranean countries to produce oriental tobacco. Sun-cured tobacco is low in sugar and nicotine and is used in cigarettes. In India sun curing is used to produce so-called "white" snuffs, which are fine, dry, and unusually potent.
See also.
Types of tobacco

</doc>
<doc id="18909230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909230" title="El Paso and Southwestern Railroad">
El Paso and Southwestern Railroad

The El Paso and Southwestern Railroad was a short-line American railway company which operated in Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas, with line extensions across the international border into Mexico. The railroad was known as the Arizona and South Eastern Railroad from 1888 to 1902.
Founding.
James Douglas was a former professor of chemistry working for William E. Dodge, Jr. and Daniel Willis James, majority co-owners of the Phelps, Dodge Corporation. Phelps, Dodge was entering the copper mining industry, and had hired Douglas to make an inspection of mining claims in the Southwestern United States. Douglas suggested that the two men invest in the Detroit Copper Mining Company of Arizona, which owned a copper mining claim in Warren, Arizona. In 1881, Phelps, Dodge not only took a controlling interest in the Detroit Copper Mining Company but also purchased a minority interest in the adjoining Copper Queen Mine in Bisbee, Arizona. After the Copper Queen and Detroit Copper both struck the Atlanta lode in 1884, Phelps, Dodge bought out the remaining interest in the Copper Queen. The company merged its various mining interests into the Copper Queen Consolidated Mining Company in 1885, and installed Douglas as president and part-owner.
With production in the Bisbee expanding, Douglas formed the Arizona and South Eastern Railroad in 1888. The railroad ran on a short spur of track from Bisbee to Fairbank, Arizona, where it met the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. Shortly thereafter the line was extended to Benson, Arizona, to connect with the Southern Pacific Railroad. Copper Queen Consolidated built a new smelter at the newly built town of Douglas, Arizona (named for James Douglas), to which the railroad was extended again. The line was renamed the El Paso and Southwestern Railroad on June 25, 1901, to reflect its larger scope (even though it did not yet extend to El Paso, Texas).
Expansion.
Nacozari Railroad.
James and Dodge, meanwhile, had acquired the Moctezuma Copper Company in the state of Sonora in Mexico, and in 1902 the El Paso and Southwestern line was extended south from Douglas to the Mexican town of Nacozari de García. The Nacozari Railroad, owned by Moctezuma Copper Co. and used to transport ore to the Moctezuma smelter at Nacozari, was incorporated into the El Paso and Southwestern.
Morenci Southern Railroad.
Phelps, Dodge continued to expand, and in time purchased copper mines near Morenci, Arizona. A subsidiary of the El Paso and Southwestern—the Morenci Southern—was incorporated on June 6, 1902, and its roadbed connected the Morenci mines to the New Mexico and Arizona Railroad (a division of the Santa Fe Railroad).
El Paso and Northeastern Railway.
In 1903, the terminus of the El Paso and Southwestern was extended from Douglas to El Paso by building new track as well as purchasing track from the El Paso and Northeastern Railway, adding over of roadway to the line. The purchase of the Dawson Railway also extended the railroad's reach to Dawson, New Mexico, where Phelps, Dodge had recently acquired coal mines to feed its smelting operations. Near Deming, New Mexico, the new track had to cross the line of the Southern Pacific Railroad. Aware that the Southern Pacific had only two watchmen on the route, the El Paso and Southern stopped all trains on either side of the junction and laid its new track across that of the Southern Pacific. In one day, the El Paso and Southwestern ran more than 500 fully laden hopper cars across the new junction to establish a right-of-way. The Southern Pacific sued and won a temporary injunction, but the injunction was never enforced and the El Paso and Southwestern continued to cross the Southern Pacific's line.
After the deaths of Dodge in 1903 and James in 1907, the various Phelps, Dodge railroads, mining companies, real estate firms, and other subsidiaries and divisions were all merged into Phelps, Dodge and Company.
Bisbee deportation.
The railroad's expansion continued gradually, and by 1917 the El Paso and Southwestern Railroad had more than of track in operation. However, the same year saw the railroad involved in a significant labor dispute. During the Bisbee Deportation, railroad officials collaborated with their counterparts in the Phelps, Dodge mining subsidiaries to deport more than 1,300 striking mine workers, their supporters, and innocent citizen bystanders from the town of Bisbee more than to the town of Hermanas, New Mexico.
Demise.
The worldwide collapse of copper prices after World War I severely affected not only the railroad's financial fortunes but those of the mining companies it served. In 1924, the Southern Pacific leased the entire El Paso and Southwest Railroad from Phelps, Dodge. In 1929, the ICC authorized abandonment of the Deming Branch. In November 1937, the railroad purchased the outstanding interest in the El Paso and Northeastern Railroad. It acquired the El Paso Southern Railway Company in December 1954.
The El Paso and Southwestern Railroad was purchased from Phelps, Dodge and merged into the Southern Pacific in 1955; the Texas subsidiary remained until 1961.
Route and notable buildings.
Route.
Highways follow most of the route of the El Paso and Southwestern Railroad. Beginning in Tucson, Arizona, Arizona State Route 80 (formerly U.S. Route 80) largely parallels the railroad grade south to Douglas. State Route 80 then follows the old tracks northeast to Rodeo, New Mexico. The tracks diverge from the highway here, and largely follow Gas Line Road until it intersects with New Mexico State Road 9 near Animas, New Mexico. State Road 9 runs next to or on top of the old railroad grade until it reaches El Paso, Texas.
The northern Arizona spur of the railroad may be followed by following U.S. Route 191 north from Douglas to Morenci, Arizona. The Mexican spur may be followed by beginning in Douglas, crossing the international border into Mexico, and following Mexican Federal Highway 14 to Nacozari de García. The northern New Mexican spur parallels or is underneath Interstate 25, and then taking New Mexico State Road 505 (which intersects Interstate 25 at Maxwell, New Mexico) to Colfax, New Mexico. The Dawson Road travels the remainder of the spur from Colfax to the ghost town of Dawson. As of 1906 the El Paso and Southwestern Railroad had a route that connected down from the Dawson Road through Roy, Tucumcari, Santa Rosa, Vaughn, Carrizozo, Alamogordo, Tularosa, down to El Paso and out to Deming and Lordsburg. that later became part of the Southern Pacific.
Buildings.
Several El Paso and Southwestern buildings are on the National Register of Historic Places. Among these are the El Paso and Southwestern Railroad Depot at 419 W. Congress Street in Tucson, Arizona; the El Paso and Southwestern Railroad Passenger Depot (also known as the Southern Pacific Railroad Passenger Depot) at 14th Street and H Avenue in Douglas, Arizona; and the El Paso and Southwestern Railroad YMCA (also known as the Douglas YMCA) at 1000 Pan American Avenue in Douglas; and the Columbus, NM Museum at the intersection of NM State Routes 9 & 11.
Preserved and surviving locomotives.
El Paso & Southwestern Railroad No. 1 locomotive is preserved at El Paso, Texas.
Southern Pacific 3420, a Baldwin 2-8-0 light consolidation, oil burning, former EP&SW engine, is stored at the Phelps Dodge copper refinery in El Paso, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18909256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909256" title="Blue Screen of Death">
Blue Screen of Death

The Blue Screen of Death (also known as a stop error, bluescreen, Blue Screen of Doom, BSoD, bug check screen or Stop screen) is an error screen displayed after a fatal system error.
History.
The term "Blue Screen of Death" originated during OS/2 pre-release development activities at Lattice Inc, the makers of an early Windows and OS/2 C compiler. During porting of Lattice's other tools, developers encountered the stop screen when null pointers were dereferenced either in application code or when unexpectedly passed into system API calls. During reviews of progress and feedback to IBM Austin, the developers described the stop screen as the Blue Screen of Death to denote the screen and the finality of the experience.
BSoDs have been present in all Windows-based operating systems since Windows 3.1. (See History of Microsoft Windows) BSoDs can be caused by poorly written device drivers or malfunctioning hardware, such as faulty memory, power supply issues, overheating of components, or hardware running beyond its specification limits. In the Windows 9x era, incompatible DLLs or bugs in the operating system kernel could also cause BSoDs.
Format.
Until Windows Server 2012, BSoDs showed white text (CGA color code: 0x0F; HTML color code: #FFFFFF) on a navy blue background (CGA color code: 0x01; HTML color code: #0000AA) with information about current memory values and register values. For visually impaired users, Microsoft has added a utility that allows the user to change a setting in SYSTEM.INI that controls the colors that the BSoD code uses to any of the 16 CGA colors. Doing so requires the edit or addition of the "MessageBackColor=X" and "MessageTextColor=X" lines to the section of the SYSTEM.INI, where X is a hexadecimal number from 0 to F corresponding with a color in the CGA 16-color palette. Windows Server 2012 and Windows 8 use a cerulean background instead. (HTML color code: #2067b2)
Windows 95, 98 and Me BSoDs use 80×25 text mode. BSoDs of Windows NT family use 80×50 text mode on a 720×400 screen. Windows XP BSoDs uses the Lucida Console font while the Vista BSoD uses the Consolas font. Windows Server 2012 uses Segoe UI and renders the BSoD at native resolution.
Windows NT.
In Windows NT family of operating systems, the blue screen of death (officially known as a Stop error, and referred to as "bug checks" in the Windows Software development kit and Driver development kit documentation) occurs when the kernel or a driver running in kernel mode encounters an error from which it cannot recover. This is usually caused by an illegal operation being performed. The only safe action the operating system can take in this situation is to restart the computer. As a result, data may be lost, as users are not given an opportunity to save data that has not yet been saved to the hard drive.
The text on the error screen contains the code of the error and its symbolic name (e.g. "0x0000001E, KMODE_EXCEPTION_NOT_HANDLED") along with four error-dependent values in parentheses that are there to help software engineers fix the problem that occurred. Depending on the error code, it may display the address where the problem occurred, along with the driver which is loaded at that address. Under Windows NT, the second and third sections of the screen may contain information on all loaded drivers and a stack dump, respectively. The driver information is in three columns; the first lists the base address of the driver, the second lists the driver's creation date (as a Unix timestamp), and the third lists the name of the driver. 
By default, Windows will create a memory dump file when a stop error occurs. Depending on the OS version, there may be several formats this can be saved in, ranging from a 64kB "minidump" (introduced in Windows 2000) to a "complete dump" which is effectively a copy of the entire contents of physical memory (RAM). The resulting memory dump file may be debugged later, using a kernel debugger. A debugger is necessary to obtain a stack trace, and may be required to ascertain the true cause of the problem; as the information on-screen is limited and thus possibly misleading, it may hide the true source of the error. By default, Windows XP is configured to save only a 64kB minidump when it encounters a stop error, and to then automatically reboot the computer. Because this process happens very quickly, the blue screen may be seen only for an instant or not at all. Users have sometimes noted this as a random reboot rather than a traditional stop error, and are only aware of an issue after Windows reboots and displays a notification that it has recovered from a serious error. This happens only when the computer has a function called "Auto Restart" enabled, which can be disabled in the Control Panel which in turn shows the stop error.
Microsoft Windows can also be configured to send live debugging information to a kernel debugger running on a separate computer. If a stop error is encountered while a live kernel debugger is attached to the system, Windows will halt execution and cause the debugger to break in, rather than displaying the BSoD. The debugger can then be used to examine the contents of memory and determine the source of the problem.
A BSoD can also be caused by a critical boot loader error, where the operating system is unable to access the boot partition due to incorrect storage drivers, a damaged file system or similar problems. The error code in this situation is STOP 0x0000007B (INACCESSIBLE_BOOT_DEVICE). In such cases, there is no memory dump saved. Since the system is unable to boot from the hard drive in this situation, correction of the problem often requires using the repair tools found on the Windows installation disc
Details.
Before Windows Server 2012, each BSoD displayed an error name in uppercase (e.g. APC_INDEX_MISMATCH), a hexadecimal error number (e.g. 0x00000001) and four parameters. The last two are shown together in the following format:
error code (parameter 1, parameter 2, parameter 3, parameter 4) error name
Depending on the error number and its nature, all, some, or even none of the parameters contain data pertaining to what went wrong, and/or where it happened. In addition, the error screens showed four paragraphs of general explanation and advice and may have included other technical data such the file name of the culprit and memory addresses.
Windows Server 2012 and Windows 8 have dropped all of the above in favor of a concise description and an error name. Mentioned technical details data may be found in the Windows Event Log or interpreted from memory dumps by person in possession of this knowledge.
Windows 9x.
The blue screen of death frequently occurs in Microsoft's home desktop operating systems Windows 95, 98, and Me. Here it is usually less serious, but much more common. In these operating systems, the BSoD is the main way for virtual device drivers to report errors to the user. It is internally referred to by the name of "codice_1". A Windows 9x/Me BSoD gives the user the option either to restart or continue. However, VxDs do not display BSoDs frivolously — they usually indicate a problem that cannot be fixed without restarting the computer, and hence after a BSoD is displayed the system is usually unstable or unresponsive.
On the GUI-based members of the MS-DOS-Win95 stream of operating systems and reportedly OS/2, the most common BSoD is the 25x80 screen which is in fact the operating system's way of reporting an interrupt due to a processor exception; it is therefore a more serious form of the Illegal Operation GPF/IPF error boxes seen in a couple of forms on these operating systems. Indeed, the memory address of the error is given and the error type is a hexadecimal number from 00 to 11 (0 to 17 decimal) and is most commonly 0E (Page Fault) or 0D (General Protection Fault), with invalid opcode (06), division by zero (00), and stack fault (0C) being less common and Overflow (04) and the Double Fault (08) forming a third tier of more rare processor exception errors. Assembly language and graphics programmers may see some of the others on occasion but as a rule 0E and 0D are the fatal exceptions that may crop up in everyday use. The error codes are as follows:
Common reasons for BSoDs are:
Damaged hardware may also cause a BSoD.
In Windows 95 and 98, a BSoD occurs when the system attempts to access the file "codice_2" or "codice_3" on the hard drive. This could be inserted on a website to crash visitors' machines. On 16 March 2000, Microsoft released a security update to resolve this issue.
The BSoD can appear if a user ejects removable media while it is being read on 9x/ME. This is particularly common while using Microsoft Office: if a user simply wants to view a document, they might eject a floppy disk before exiting the program. Since Microsoft Office always creates a temporary file in the same directory, it will trigger a BSoD upon exiting because it will attempt to delete the file on the disk that is no longer in the drive.
This type of blue screen is no longer seen in Windows NT, 2000, and XP. In the case of these less serious software errors, the program may still crash, but it will not take down the entire operating system with it due to better memory management and decreased legacy support. In these systems, the "true" BSoD is seen only in cases where the entire operating system crashes.
Perhaps the most famous instance of a Windows 9x BSoD occurred during a presentation of a Windows 98 beta by Bill Gates at COMDEX on April 20, 1998. The demo PC crashed with a BSoD when his assistant (Chris Capossela, who is still working for Microsoft as Corporate VP in the Information Working business unit) connected a scanner to the PC, trying to demonstrate Windows 98's support for Plug and Play devices. This event brought thunderous applause from the crowd and Gates replied after a nervous pause: "That must be why we're not shipping Windows 98 yet."
Windows CE.
The simplest version of the blue screen occurs in Windows CE except the versions for Pocket PC. The blue screen in Windows CE 3.0 is similar to the one in Windows 95 and 98.
Windows 3.1.
Windows 3.1 was the first version of Windows to use the Blue Screen of Death. In Windows 3.1's 386 enhanced mode, the Blue Screen is also displayed when Control-Alt-Delete is pressed. In a beta version of Windows 3.1, the screen basically looked the same, but it used a black background instead of a blue one.
Similar screens.
OS/2 and MS-DOS suffered the Black Screen of Death. Early builds of Windows Vista displayed the Red Screen of Death after a boot loader error. Stop errors are comparable to kernel panic in OS X, Linux, and other Unix-like systems.
Xbox.
Although the Microsoft Xbox usually shows a Green Screen of Death when a critical error occurs, this model was seen showing a BSOD during the presentation of Forza Motorsport at the CeBIT computer fair in Hannover in March 2005.
Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard.
Leopard features a blue screen but not that of death. Leopard's blue screen was part of a regular boot process in some situations. Some users, upgrading from Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger to Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard and having installed Application Enhancer, experienced a similar experience to a blue screen of death: on booting, the screen remained blue for an indefinite period of time because Application Enhancer's framework was not compatible with the new handlers that Leopard included. However, Apple became aware of the problem and posted a solution. Nevertheless, Leopard's blue screen was not meant to inform and/or describe an error as the blue screen is just a consequence of the regular boot process.
In the new Finder sidebar, all Windows PCs connected to the same local network of a Mac running Leopard are shown with an icon representing an Old CRT monitor displaying the blue screen of death.
iPhone 5s.
In September and October of 2013, mainstream outlets reported iPhone 5s randomly showing a blank blue screen after which reboots occur, as well as random reboots without a blue screen. "The Verge" attributes the blue screen and reboots to iWork, a bundled app of iPhone 5s. More possible problems for the BSOD are iWork apps, when people multi-task, FaceTime, Safari, Camera, and when people press the home button. Another issue could be if one uses an app that isn't made for iOS 7 or that the app isn't updated to run the new iPhone 5s's 64 bit processor.

</doc>
<doc id="18909257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909257" title="Rice Lake Regional Airport">
Rice Lake Regional Airport

Rice Lake Regional Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located five nautical miles (9 km) southwest of the central business district of Rice Lake, a city in Barron County, Wisconsin, United States. The airport is situated in the village of Cameron.
Opened in 1995, it was named Carl's Field for Carl Rindlisbacher, the longtime manager of Arrowhead field, one of Rice Lake's previous airports.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned RPD by the FAA and RIE by the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft.
Rice Lake Regional Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 1,109 feet (338 m) above mean sea level. It has two Concrete paved runways: 1/19 is 6,700 by 100 feet (2,042 x 30 m) and ILS equipped; 13/31 is 3,500 by 75 feet (1,067 x 23 m).
RICE LAKE (RPD) VOR/DME, 110.0 MHz, is located on field.
Rice Lake Air Center is the fixed base operator.
For the 12-month period ending September 7, 2005, the airport had 27,650 aircraft operations, an average of 75 per day: 90% general aviation, 10% air taxi and <1% military. At that time there were 38 aircraft based at this airport: 68% single-engine, 24% multi-engine and 8% jet.

</doc>
<doc id="18909270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909270" title="Cody Balogh">
Cody Balogh

Cody Balogh (born February 14, 1986 in Fort Benning, Georgia) is a free agent offensive lineman. He was signed by the Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Montana.
Early years.
Cody was first-team all-conference at Steilacoom High School, in Steilacoom, WA on both offense and defense in both his junior and senior years, respectively. He was named a first-team all-state by the Tacoma News Tribune and participated in the Washington All-Star Game as a senior. He also was a two-year starter in basketball and played on a team that was ranked No. 2 in the state his senior year.
College career.
Cody attended the University of Montana, where he was a four-year letterwinner (2004–07). He started the final 41 games of his college career. He was an honorable mention all-Big Sky as a senior, starting all 12 games, 11 while playing at left tackle, and 1 while playing at left guard. He served as the Grizzlies captain as Montana went 11-0 and won the Big Sky title. He was also selected as the Paul Weskamp Award winner, which is given annually to Montana’s Outstanding Offensive Lineman. He was named a third-team All-American by The Sports Network as a junior, and started all 14 games at left tackle and was a first-team all-Big Sky selection. He also helped lead the Grizzlies to a 10-1 regular season record (only losing an away game to the Iowa Hawkeyes), a Big Sky Championship, and an appearance in the National Semifinals. As a sophomore, Balogh started all 12 games helping the Grizzlies to qualify for the NCAA Tournament, but the Grizzlies fell in the first round. Balogh started the final 3 games of his freshman season, including the quarterfinal, semifinal and Division 1-AA Championship Game which Montana lost, 31-21, to James Madison.
Professional career.
Chicago Bears.
Balogh was undrafted in the 2008 NFL Draft. In May 2008, Balogh tried out for the Bears in their annual rookie minicamp following the Draft. After the rookie minicamp, Balogh was signed as an undrafted free agent. His arrival on the scene was considered a "nice surprise" by the Chicago Sun-Times.
After spending his rookie season on the practice squad, Balogh was re-signed to a future contract on December 29, 2008. Cody was waived on Sept 5th cutdown to the 53 man regular season roster.
Personal.
Cody is the son of Steven and Patricia Balogh. In college, he majored in health and human performance.

</doc>
<doc id="18909271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909271" title="San Francisco Mountains National Forest">
San Francisco Mountains National Forest

San Francisco Mountains National Forest was established as the San Francisco Mountains Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in Arizona on August 17, 1898 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905,it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 the entire forest was combined with other lands to create Coconino National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909287" title="Symposium on Principles of Database Systems">
Symposium on Principles of Database Systems

The ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems (PODS) is the premier international research conference on database theory, and has been held yearly since 1982. It is sponsored by three Association for Computing Machinery SIGs, SIGART, SIGACT, and SIGMOD. Since 1991, PODS has been held jointly with the ACM SIGMOD Conference, the premier research conference on systems aspects of data management, combining in one place the full spectrum of database research, from the most abstract and fundamental to the most pragmatic.

</doc>
<doc id="18909288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909288" title="San Gabriel National Forest">
San Gabriel National Forest

San Gabriel National Forest was established as the San Gabriel Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in California on December 20, 1892 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. 
On July 1, 1908 part of the forest was combined with Angeles National Forest and the remainder with Santa Barbara National Forest, and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909312" title="Downtown Pasadena, California">
Downtown Pasadena, California

Downtown Pasadena California is the central business district of Pasadena, California. It is centered on Fair Oaks Avenue and Colorado Boulevard and is divided into three distinct neighborhoods: Old Pasadena, the Civic Center, and Monk Hill.
Landmarks.
Old Pasadena.
Old Pasadena is the historic core of Downtown, and has a multitude of fine shops and restaurants (Italian and Japanese restaurants are especially numerous here), two parks, the historic Del Mar Station and Castle Green, and the headquarters of Parsons.
Civic Center.
The Civic Center lies to the east of Old Pasadena and was built in the 1920s. It is home to Pasadena's City Hall, Paseo Colorado, the Pasadena Civic Auditorium. It also houses several municipal government offices, though notably not the Department of Public Works, which is in Banbury Oaks.
Monk Hill.
Monk Hill is the westernmost part of Downtown and is home to the Norton Simon Museum and Ambassador Auditorium.
Education.
Downtown Pasadena is served by Roosevelt, San Rafael, and McKinley Elementary Schools; Blair, McKinley, and Washington Middle Schools; and Blair and John Muir High Schools.
Maranatha High School is a Christian school in the area.
Transportation.
Mass Transit.
The Metro Gold Line has two stations Downtown, at Memorial Park and Del Mar Station. Downtown is also served by Metro Rapid lines 762 and 780; and Metro Local lines 177, 180, 181, 256, 260, 267, 686, and 687; as well as Pasadena ARTS routes 10, 20, 31, 32, 40, 51, 52, and 70; and Foothill Transit line 187.

</doc>
<doc id="18909319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909319" title="Star in the Dust">
Star in the Dust

Star in the Dust (also released as Law Man) is a 1956 American western film made by Universal International Pictures and starring John Agar, Mamie Van Doren, and Richard Boone.
In the town of Gunlock, sheriff Bill Jorden is due to hang Sam Hall for cattle-stealing. Jorden has to contend, however, with various citizens, including the cowboys who want to rescue Hall and the cattlemen and farmers who want to lynch him. Hall, meanwhile, is planning his escape with girlfriend Nellie.
The film is probably most notable today for marking an early appearance of Clint Eastwood, although he played a very small role as a ranch hand.
Plot.
Gunlock's town sheriff (Agar) is planning to hang Sam Hall (Boone) for shooting three farmers found on cattle land at sundown. At the casino, betting odds are 8 to 3 he won't make it. The cattlemen are set to rescue Sam; the farmers hope to lynch him before he can be rescued. Hall schemes for escape with his girl Nellie (Coleen Gray). Sheriff Jorden is most concerned with finding out who hired Hall; a leading suspect is the sheriff's future brother-in-law.

</doc>
<doc id="18909322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909322" title="10th Louisiana Regiment Infantry (African Descent)">
10th Louisiana Regiment Infantry (African Descent)

The 10th Louisiana Infantry (African descent) was a regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was composed primarily of freed or escaped slaves from Louisiana's plantations and was commanded by white officers.
Vicksburg Campaign.
The unit was organized at Lake Providence and Goodrich Landing, Louisiana between May 6 and August 8, 1863. It was attached to the Goodrich Landing post until January 1864 and at Vicksburg until March 1864.
Yazoo River Expedition.
The regiment participated in the Yazoo River Expedition between February 1 and March 8, 1864. Action was seen at Liverpool Heights, Mississippi on February 4 (with the 11th Illinois Infantry and the First Mississippi Cavary) and Satartia, Mississippi on February 7. Yazoo City, Mississippi was captured by Union forces on February 4 and the regiment occupied the city between February 9 and March 6. There was a skirmish at Yazoo city on March 5.
48th Regiment Infantry U.S. Colored Troops.
The regiment was designated the 48th Regiment Infantry, U.S. Colored Troops on March 11, 1864. The regiment participated in the expedition from Vicksburg to Rodney and Fayette, Mississippi between September 29 and October 3, 1864. The unit was sent to Algiers, Louisiana on February 26, 1865 and then to Fort Barrancas, Florida. Between March 20 and April 1, they marched from Pensacola, Florida, to Blakely, Alabama,
The regiment fought in the Battle of Fort Blakely, April 2–9, 1865 and then marched to Montgomery April 13–25. They were at Montgomery until June 1865 and then went to Texas where they were on duty along the Rio Grande until January 1866. The regiment mustered out on January 4, 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="18909326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909326" title="San Jacinto National Forest">
San Jacinto National Forest

San Jacinto National Forest was established as the San Jacinto Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in California on February 22, 1897 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 the entire forest was combined with Trabuco Canyon National Forest to establish Cleveland National Forest, and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909334" title="Play (David Banner song)">
Play (David Banner song)

"Play" is the second single released by rapper David Banner from his fourth studio album "Certified". It was produced by Mr. Collipark.
Released in 2005, the single peaked at #7 on the Billboard Hot 100, remaining his sole Top 10 hit and his best-performing single.
An alternate version, entitled the "Canadian Mix", features Kardinal Offishall and Solitair and appears on the single.
Content.
This song uses a lot of sexual content. The clean version uses "don't play with me" as part of the chorus, as opposed to "gon' play wit it". Also, the clean version uses "run" instead of "cum". In almost every other line of the song, Banner alternates between whispering and rapping.

</doc>
<doc id="18909349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909349" title="Eric Huxtable">
Eric Huxtable

Eric Huxtable (born 27 October 1908) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the VFL during the 1930s and briefly with South Melbourne in the early 1940s. 
Huxtable was aged just 15 when he started his career at Tasmanian club New Town and in 1928 won their 'Best and fairest' award. 
In 1930 he went to the mainland and joined Carlton, becoming a regular member of their defense throughout the decade. Noted for his long drop kicks, Huxtable had success during his career against triple Brownlow winner Haydn Bunton and was a regular Big V representative. He consistently played finals football while at Carlton, including the losing 1932 VFL Grand Final against Richmond. In his last season with Carlton the club won the premiership but Huxtable missed out on participating due to a thumb injury.
After leaving Carlton, Huxtable served two years in the RAAF but made a return to the VFL in 1941 with South Melbourne.
Eric married his wife Gwynneth in May 1935 and has six children, Neil, Gary, Erin, Margo, Christine and Julie.

</doc>
<doc id="18909362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909362" title="Stabilization pond">
Stabilization pond

Stabilization pond technology - sometimes also called facultative pond technology - is a natural method for wastewater treatment. 
Technology.
Stabilization ponds consist of shallow man-made basins comprising a single or several series of anaerobic, facultative or maturation ponds. The primary treatment takes place in the "anaerobic pond", which is mainly designed for removing suspended solids, and some of the soluble element of organic matter (BOD). During the secondary stage in the "facultative pond" most of the remaining BOD is removed through the coordinated activity of algae and heterotrophic bacteria. The main function of the tertiary treatment in the "maturation pond" is the removal of pathogens and nutrients (especially nitrogen).
Application and suitability.
Stabilization ponds are particularly well suited for tropical and subtropical countries because the intensity of the sunlight and temperature are key factors for the efficiency of the removal processes. It is also recommended by the WHO for the treatment of wastewater for reuse in agriculture and aquaculture, especially because of its effectiveness in removing nematodes (worms) and helminth eggs.
Stabilization ponds, as described here, use no aerators. High-performance lagoon technology with aerators has much more in common with that of activated sludge. Such aerated lagoons are common in small towns in the United States, among other places.
Cost considerations.
According to the IRC International Water and Sanitation Centre, stabilization pond technology is the most cost-effective wastewater treatment technology for the removal of pathogenic micro-organisms. A World Bank study carried out in Sana’a, Yemen, in 1983 makes a detailed economic comparison of waste stabilization ponds, aerated lagoons, oxidation ditches and trickling filters. According to this study, stabilization pond technology is a cheaper option up to a land cost of US$ 7.8/m2. Above this cost, oxidation ditches become the cheapest option. However, often the main constraint against selecting this technology is not land cost but land availability. If land is available, stabilization ponds have the advantage of very low operating costs since they use no energy compared to other wastewater treatment technologies.
Use.
Stabilization ponds are used for municipal waste water treatment in many countries with ample sunshine, including Colombia, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Israel, Jordan, Morocco, Nicaragua, Tunisia and Uganda. They are typically used in smaller towns where land availability and cost is less of a constraint. In some cities larger stabilization ponds have been replaced in the early 2000s by activated sludge waste water treatment plants, such as in Amman (Jordan) and in Adelaide (Australia) in 2004.
Removal of pathogens.
A study of ten stabilization ponds in Honduras has shown that they were effective in removing helminth eggs, a pathogen, from the effluent and to satisfy the World Health Organization 
microbiological guidelines for Category B irrigation with wastewater effluent. However, sludge from all ponds was heavily contaminated with helminth eggs.

</doc>
<doc id="18909378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909378" title="Mobilian">
Mobilian

Mobilian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18909381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909381" title="Alberto Achacaz Walakial">
Alberto Achacaz Walakial

Alberto Achacaz Walakial (1929? – August 4, 2008) was a Chilean citizen and one of the last full-blooded Kaweskars, who are also known as the Alacaluf. The Kaweskar are an indigenous Native American people who were once found in coastal regions of Chilean Patagonia. There are estimated to be only approximately a dozen full-blooded Kaweskars still living following Achacaz's death in 2008. However, there are no Kaweskar women of fertile age remaining, so the tribe appears to be headed for extinction.
Achacaz lived in a modest home, which lacked a modern drainage system. He had lived alone since his wife died in 1999. He earned a living by crafting small canoes out of sea lion skins and weaving traditional baskets. 
Achacaz had been hospitalized since in Punta Arenas, Chile, since late June 2008. Achacaz had arrived at the hospital malnourished, dehydrated and weighing less than 130 pounds. He was admitted to the intensive care unit of the Hospital Naval. Additionally, Achacaz was found to be suffering from septic shock which affected his gall bladder and lungs.
Alberto Achacaz Walakial died of blood poisoning at the hospital in Punta Arenas on Monday, August 4, 2008, according to reports by the local Chilean newspaper, "La Prensa Austral". Official Chilean government documents listed Achacaz's age at 79 years old. However, some believed that Achacaz was closer to 90 years of age.
Background of the Kaweskar.
The Kaweskars were known as the "Nomads of the Sea." They are also known as the Alacaluf. Traditionally, the Kaweskar lived aboard their canoes within the channels of southern Patagonia. They were nomadic hunter-gatherers whose diet consisted of sea birds and seafood. It is believed that their nomadic way of life may have stretched back 6,000 years.
The Kaweskars did not establish semi-permanent settlements on dry land until the middle of the 20th century. They settled in and around the hamlet of Villa Puerto Edén on Wellington Island.
The Kaweskars are facing cultural extinction as a distinct group as their surviving, full-blooded members grow older. Since the arrival of Europeans, Chile has lost five of its original fourteen indigenous tribes.

</doc>
<doc id="18909384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909384" title="Christian Karl Reisig">
Christian Karl Reisig

Christian Karl Reisig (name sometimes given as Karl Christian Reisig; 17 November 1792 – 17 January 1829) was a German philologist and linguist who was a native of Weißensee.
Reisig studied philology under Gottfried Hermann (1772-1848) at the University of Leipzig, afterwards furthering his studies at Göttingen (1812). From 1813-15 he was a soldier in the Napoleonic Wars, afterwards working as a lecturer at the University of Jena. In 1820 he relocated to the University of Halle as an associate professor, where in 1824 he became a full professor. Two of his better known students were Friedrich Wilhelm Ritschl (1806-1876) and Friedrich Haase (1808-1867), the latter having published an edition of Reisig's "Vorlesungen über lateinische Sprachwissenschaft" (Latin Lectures on Linguistics) in 1839. Reisig died on 17 January 1829 in Venice at the age of 36.
Reisig was a classical philologist who is credited with developing a new branch of linguistics known as "semasiology". He introduced this new discipline because he felt that the study of word-meaning could not be adequately met within the constraints of etymology or syntax. He felt that semasiology would properly show the development of word-meanings in a logical and historical sense.

</doc>
<doc id="18909397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909397" title="Trabuco Canyon National Forest">
Trabuco Canyon National Forest

Trabuco Canyon National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in California on July 6, 1907 with when the name was changed from Trabuco Cañon Forest Reserve and land was added. On July 1, 1908 the forest was combined with San Jacinto National Forest to create Cleveland National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909406" title="Üçtəpə, Goygol">
Üçtəpə, Goygol

Üçtəpə (also, Uchtepe) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,535. The municipality consists of the villages of Üçtəpə and Firuzabad.

</doc>
<doc id="18909417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909417" title="Trabuco Cañon National Forest">
Trabuco Cañon National Forest

Trabuco Cañon National Forest was established as the Trabuco Cañon Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in California on February 25, 1893 with . In 1905 all federal forests were transferred to the U.S. Forest Service. On July 6, 1907 the name was changed to Trabuco Canyon National Forest and lands were added. 
The reserve was the third set aside in California, after San Gabriel and Sierra reserves. It originally covered in the Santa Ana Mountains. Its purpose was the protection of water presources. It is now the Cleveland National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="18909418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909418" title="David Roach">
David Roach

David Roach may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18909457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909457" title="All of Us in Our Night">
All of Us in Our Night

All Of Us In Our Night is the second full-length album released by Modern Skirts. The album was released in October 2008 and features Mike Mills from R.E.M.

</doc>
<doc id="18909472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909472" title="Santa Rosa National Forest">
Santa Rosa National Forest

Santa Rosa National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Nevada on April 11, 1911 with . On July 1, 1917 the entire forest was transferred to Humboldt National Forest and the name was discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="18909475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909475" title="Edomite pottery">
Edomite pottery

Edomite pottery is the name given to several ware types found in archaeological sites in southern Jordan and the Negev dated to the 7th and 6th centuries BCE. 
It is attributed to the Biblical people of the Edomites. 
It consists of several ware types, of which the most representative ones are the plain wares, usually kraters and bowls with a denticulated fringe applied around the vessel; bowls with red and black-painted geometric decorations; cooking-pots with a stepped-rim; and vessels, mainly carinated bowls, influenced by “Assyrian ware” pottery. 
It was first identified by archaeologist Nelson Glueck in the 1930s-1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="18909487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909487" title="List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1968">
List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1968

These are the number-one singles of 1968 according to the Top 100 Singles chart in "Cashbox" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18909498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909498" title="McGillivray, British Columbia">
McGillivray, British Columbia

McGillivray, formerly McGillivray Falls, is an unincorporated recreational community on the west shore of Anderson Lake, just east of midway between the towns of Pemberton and Lillooet, British Columbia, Canada, in that province's southwest Interior.
History.
McGillivray's name is derived from the names of Mount McGillivray and McGillivray Creek and its falls, which were said to be named by a miner, according to a 1911 note by Caspar Phair, Gold Commissioner for the Lillooet Mining District. A parallel account, possibly the same, says the name derives one of two placer-mining partners, McGililvray and McDonald, though the name James McGilvery, an early trail builder, also appears in records and mirrors the local pronunciation of the name (McGILL-var-ee).
In the wake of the Cayoosh Gold Rush of the 1870s, prospectors fanned out over the Lillooet and Bridge River Countries, which had been largely bypassed during the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush of 1858-60 which first brought large numbers of non-indigenous people to the area. Among the successful mines which were started in the region during that period was the Brett Group Mine, which was located on a gold-bearing ledge higher on the mountainside.
Some houses today are remnants of a one-time railway-based resort and cabins which sprang up after the opening of the rail line in the early 1910s, which took the name of the waterfall a few hundred yards up McGillivray Creek from its mouth on the lake. McGillivray Falls Post Office opened 1 June 1929, closed 3 May 1961. During World War II, McGillivray Falls, as the community was then known, was one of four "self-supporting centres" in the Lillooet Country for the forced evacuation of Japanese Canadians outside a 100-mile "quarantine zone" from the Coast. McGillivray Falls was just outside the 100-mile limit, but due to the area's isolation (there was no road to the Coast before the 1960s) internees at McGillivray were hired by Frank Devine to work at his sawmill 2 miles downline from D'Arcy, at the head of Anderson Lake and itself within the 100-mile limit; the location of that mill is today the unincorporated rural settlement of Devine.
Electoral representation.
McGillivray is in Electoral Area C of the Squamish-Lillooet Regional District, which handles matters such as zoning and septic and construction permits. Provincially McGillivray is in West Vancouver-Howe Sound with Pemberton and Whistler though federally it is in Chilliwack—Fraser Canyon.

</doc>
<doc id="18909502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909502" title="History of tobacco">
History of tobacco

Tobacco has a long history from its usages in the early Americas. It became increasingly popular with the arrival of the Europeans by whom it was heavily traded. Following the industrial revolution, cigarettes were becoming popularized, which fostered yet another unparalleled increase in growth. This remained so until the scientific revelations in the mid-1900s.
Early history.
Las Casas vividly described how the first scouts sent by Columbus into the interior of Cuba found
Tobacco had already long been used in the Americas by the time European settlers arrived and introduced the practice to Europe, where it became popular. At high doses, tobacco can become hallucinogenic; accordingly, Native Americans did not always use the drug recreationally. Instead, it was often consumed as an entheogen; among some tribes, this was done only by experienced shamans or medicine men. Eastern North American tribes would carry large amounts of tobacco in pouches as a readily accepted trade item and would often smoke it in pipes, either in defined ceremonies that were considered sacred, or to seal a bargain, and they would smoke it at such occasions in all stages of life, even in childhood. It was believed that tobacco was a gift from the Creator and that the exhaled tobacco smoke was capable of carrying one's thoughts and prayers to heaven.
Apart from smoking, tobacco had a number of uses as medicine. As a pain killer it was used for earache and toothache and occasionally as a poultice. Smoking was said by the desert Indians to be a cure for colds, especially if the tobacco was mixed with the leaves of the small desert sage, "Salvia dorrii", or the root of Indian balsam or cough root, "Leptotaenia multifida", the addition of which was thought to be particularly good for asthma and tuberculosis.
Uncured tobacco was often eaten, used in enemas, or drunk as extracted juice. Early missionaries often reported on the ecstatic state caused by tobacco. As its use spread into Western cultures, however, it was no longer used primarily for entheogenic or religious purposes, although religious use of tobacco is still common among many indigenous peoples, particularly in the Americas. Among the Cree and Ojibway of Canada and the north-central United States, it is offered to the Creator, with prayers, and is used in sweat lodges, pipe ceremonies, smudging, and is presented as a gift. A gift of tobacco is tradition when asking an Ojibway elder a question of a spiritual nature. Because of its sacred nature, tobacco abuse (thoughtlessly and addictively chain smoking) is seriously frowned upon by the Algonquian tribes of Canada, as it is believed that if one so abuses the plant, it will abuse that person in return, causing sickness. The proper and traditional native way of offering the smoke is said to involve directing it toward the four cardinal points (north, south, east, and west), rather than holding it deeply within the lungs for prolonged periods.
Rodrigo de Jerez was one of the Spanish crewmen who sailed to the Americas on the Santa Maria as part of Christopher Columbus's first voyage across the Atlantic Ocean in 1492. He is credited with being the first European smoker.
Following the arrival of Europeans, tobacco became one of the primary products fueling colonization, and also became a driving factor in the incorporation of African slave labor.
In Western Europe.
The Spanish introduced tobacco to Europeans in about 1528, and by 1533, Diego Columbus mentioned a tobacco merchant of Lisbon in his will, showing how quickly the traffic had sprung up. Nicot, French ambassador in Lisbon, sent samples to Paris in 1559. The French, Spanish, and Portuguese initially referred to the plant as the "sacred herb" because of its valuable medicinal properties.
In 1571, a Spanish doctor named Nicolas Monardes wrote a book about the history of medicinal plants of the new world. In this he claimed that tobacco could cure 36 health problems.
Sir Walter Raleigh is credited with taking the first "Virginia" tobacco to Europe, referring to it as "tobah" as early as 1578. In 1595 Anthony Chute published "Tabaco", which repeated earlier arguments about the benefits of the plant and emphasised the health-giving properties of pipe-smoking.
The importation of tobacco into Europe was not without resistance and controversy in the 17th century. Stuart King James I wrote a famous polemic titled "A Counterblaste to Tobacco" in 1604, in which the king denounced tobacco use as ""custome lothsome to the eye, hatefull to the Nose, harmefull to the braine, dangerous to the Lungs, and in the blacke stinking fume thereof, neerest resembling the horrible Stigian smoke of the pit that is bottomelesse"." In that same year, an English statute was enacted that placed a heavy protective tariff on every pound of tobacco brought into England.
Nazi Germany saw the first modern anti-smoking campaign, the National Socialist government condemning tobacco use, funding research against it, levying increasing sin taxes on it, and in 1941 tobacco was banned in various public places as a health hazard. The anti-tobacco campaign was also associated with racism and antisemitism, Jews being blamed for its initial import, and the need to keep the "Master Race" healthy being cited for the effort to squelch its use. When the Nazi government fell, the United States began importing massive amounts of tobacco, both legally through the Marshall Plan, and via smuggling on the black market.
In the Ottoman Empire.
Tobacco as a commercial product first arrived in the Ottoman Empire in the late 16th century.
When tobacco first arrived in the Ottoman Empire, it attracted the attention of doctors and became a commonly prescribed medicine for many ailments. Although tobacco was initially prescribed as medicine, further study led to claims that smoking caused dizziness, fatigue, dulling of the senses, and a foul taste/odour in the mouth.
Sultan Murad IV banned smoking in Turkey in 1633, and the offense was punishable by death. When the ban was lifted by his successor, Ibrahim the Mad, it was instead taxed.
In 1682, Damascene jurist Abd al-Ghani al-Nabulsi declared: “Tobacco has now become extremely famous in all the countries of Islam ... People of all kinds have used it and devoted themselves to it ... I have even seen young children of about five years applying themselves to it.”
In 1750, a Damascene townsmen observed “a number of women greater than the men, sitting along the bank of the Barada River. They were eating and drinking, and drinking coffee and smoking tobacco just as the men were doing.”
In the United States.
In 1609, John Rolfe arrived at Jamestown, Virginia, and is credited as the first settler to have successfully raised tobacco (commonly referred to at that time as "brown gold") for commercial use. The tobacco raised in Virginia at that time, "Nicotiana rustica," did not suit European tastes, but Rolfe raised a more popular variety, "Nicotiana tabacum", from seeds brought with him from Bermuda. Tobacco was used as currency by the Virginia settlers for years, and Rolfe was able to make his fortune in farming it for export at Varina Farms Plantation. When he left for England with his wife, Pocahontas a daughter of Chief Powhatan, he had become wealthy. Returning to Jamestown, following Pocahontas' death in England, Rolfe continued in his efforts to improve the quality of commercial tobacco, and, by 1620, of tobacco were shipped to England. By the time John Rolfe died in 1622, Jamestown was thriving as a producer of tobacco, and its population had topped 4,000. Tobacco led to the importation of the colony's first black slaves in 1619. In the year 1616, of tobacco were produced in Jamestown, Virginia, quickly rising up to in 1620.
Throughout the 17th and 18th centuries, tobacco continued to be the cash crop of the Virginia Colony, as well as The Carolinas. Large tobacco warehouses filled the areas near the wharves of new, thriving towns such as Dumfries on the Potomac, Richmond and Manchester at the fall line (head of navigation) on the James, and Petersburg on the Appomattox.
Until 1883, tobacco excise tax accounted for one third of internal revenue collected by the United States government. Internal Revenue Service data for 1879-80 show total tobacco tax receipts of $38.9 million, out of total receipts of $116.8 million.
A historian of the American South in the late 1860s reported on typical usage in the region where it was grown:
Following the American Civil War, the tobacco industry struggled as it attempted to adapt. Not only did the labor force change from slavery to sharecropping, but a change in demand also occurred. As in Europe, there was a desire for not only snuff, pipes and cigars, but cigarettes appeared as well.
With a change in demand and a change in labor force, James Bonsack, an avid craftsman, in 1881 created a machine that revolutionized cigarette production. The machine chopped the tobacco, then dropped a certain amount of the tobacco into a long tube of paper, which the machine would then roll and push out the end where it would be sliced by the machine into individual cigarettes. This machine operated at thirteen times the speed of a human cigarette roller.
This caused an enormous growth in the tobacco industry until the scientific revelations discovering health consequences of smoking, and tobacco companies adding chemical additives were revealed in the mid-20th century, as the Big Tobacco corporate crime and corruption expose revealed, leading to the landmark corporate criminal case Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement (MSA) of 1998 for $206 billion, originally between the four largest original participating manufacturers of United States tobacco companies (Philip Morris Inc., R. J. Reynolds, Brown & Williamson and Lorillard) and the Attorneys General of 46 States.
In Japan.
The Japanese were introduced to tobacco by Portuguese sailors from 1542.
In Australia.
Tobacco smoking first reached Australian shores when it was introduced to northern-dwelling Indigenous communities by visiting Indonesian fishermen in the early 18th century. British patterns of tobacco use were transported to Australia along with the new settlers in 1788; and in the years following colonisation, British smoking behaviour was rapidly adopted by Indigenous people as well. By the early 19th century tobacco was an essential commodity routinely issued to servants, prisoners and ticket-of-leave men (conditionally released convicts) as an inducement to work, or conversely, withheld as a means of punishment.
Contemporary.
In the 1950s tobacco companies engaged in a cigarette advertising war surrounding the tar content in cigarettes that came to be known as the tar derby. The companies repositioned their brands to emphasize low tar content, filter technology and nicotine levels. The period ended in 1959 after the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Chairman and several cigarette company presidents agreed to discontinue usage of tar or nicotine levels in advertisements.
In order to reduce the potential burden of disease, the World Health Organization(WHO) successfully rallied 168 countries to sign the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control in 2003. The Convention is designed to push for effective legislation and its enforcement in all countries to reduce the harmful effects of tobacco.
In science.
The tobacco smoke enema was the principal medical method to resuscitate victims of drowning in the 18th century.
As a lucrative crop, tobacco has been the subject of a great deal of biological and genetic research. The economic impact of Tobacco Mosaic disease was the impetus that led to the isolation of Tobacco mosaic virus, the first virus to be identified; the fortunate coincidence that it is one of the simplest viruses and can self-assemble from purified nucleic acid and protein led, in turn, to the rapid advancement of the field of virology. The 1946 Nobel Prize in Chemistry was shared by Wendell Meredith Stanley for his 1935 work crystallizing the virus and showing that it remains active.

</doc>
<doc id="18909531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909531" title="Black Debbath Hyller Kvinnen!">
Black Debbath Hyller Kvinnen!

Black Debbath Hyller Kvinnen! ("Black Debbath Praise The Woman") is the fifth album from Norwegian band Black Debbath.

</doc>
<doc id="18909547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909547" title="12th Louisiana Regiment Infantry (African Descent)">
12th Louisiana Regiment Infantry (African Descent)

The 12th Louisiana Regiment Infantry (African Descent) was a regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
African Brigade.
The regiment was organized between May and July 1863 and was attached to the African Brigade in the Northeast Louisiana District until July 1863. The unit was at posted at Vicksburg, Mississippi until March 1864.
50th Regiment Infantry U.S. Colored Troops.
The designation of the regiment was changed to 50th Regiment Infantry, U.S. Colored Troops on March 11, 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="18909551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909551" title="Selway National Forest">
Selway National Forest

Selway National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Idaho on July 1, 1911 with from parts of Clearwater National Forest and Nez Perce National Forest. On October 29, 1934 the entire forest was divided between Bitterroot, Clearwater, Lolo and Nez Perce, and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909587" title="Helden (band)">
Helden (band)

Helden was an electronic New Wave project formed in the summer of 1980 by future successful film-musician Hans Zimmer and then Ultravox drummer Warren Cann. The project also featured guest participations of singers Zaine Griff and Linda Hardim.
During 1979 and 1980, Zimmer and Cann were constantly working along as part of the backing band of New Zealand singer Zaine Griff, and were also doing TV presentations as part of the guest line-up of musicians with The Buggles. With Griff, the duo were touring in 1979, and played for his debut album "Ashes and Diamonds", released in 1980.
In the summer of 1980, Zimmer and Cann established a 'changing project' (not a band) while discussing the possibility of writing and recording an 'adventure' album.
In the next autumn, the project began to work, recording material. In March 1983, the forthcoming album was destined to be called "Spies". The album consisted of 12 songs - recorded with synthesizers and computers. Some songs only instrumental (Mother Company, Pyramids Of The Reich, Moonlight In Vermont and Eva. The other songs all had vocals by (mostly) Zaine Griff and Linda Jardim (Allan), but also Hugo Vereker and French singer Ronny. Some songs are similar to Zaine Griff's songs on the album Figvres (where Hans Zimmer also did instrumental arrangements, keyboards and computers): Stranded, Borderline, Holding On. Other songs remind of the worldwide hit song "Video Killed The Radio Star" by The Buggles - where Zimmer also contributed: Young & Scientific, 2529 and Movies for Eva, while some songs sound more theatrical and dramatic: The Ball and My Killing Hand.
The album was meant to be released in 1983, but that was canceled.
Fans urged to release the album and when that did not happen it was later unofficially released as bootleg. Another parts of their repertoire and some live interviews that are compiled into a compilation album called "Radio One Saturday Live". The band's two singles, "Holding On" (a duet of Zaine Griff and Linda Jardim) and "Stranded", were officially released on their own label ZiCa Records, autumn 1983.
Helden material featured Zaine Griff, Linda Jardim (now Allan), Eddie Maelov (of Gloria Mundi and Eddie And Sunshine), Ronny, Thin Lizzy guitarist Brian Robertson, among others.
By the time Cann and Zimmer ended the project, both went to collaborate with Spanish New Wave band Mecano in their 1984-85 tour. Part of the tour were featured on the live album "", released in 1985.
Ultravox official fan page announced the "Spies" album would be released on CD for first time, with bonus material. The exact date was not mentioned, but it's said to be in plans since 1993. However until now it never happened, in spite of urging fans of Hans Zimmer, Zaine Griff and Warren Cann. (Ultravox)

</doc>
<doc id="18909594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909594" title="Association of Governing Bodies of Independent Schools">
Association of Governing Bodies of Independent Schools

The Association of Governing Bodies of Independent Schools - AGBIS is the supporting and advisory organisation for governing bodies of independent schools, under the sponsorship of the Independent Schools Council.
History.
The Governing Bodies of Girls' Schools Association was formed in 1942 to represent independent girls' schools, and the Governing Bodies Association in 1944 to represent independent boys' and co-educational schools.
Members were required to belong to the Headmasters' Conference (now the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference), the Society of Headmasters and Headmistresses of Independent Schools, the Independent Schools Association or the Incorporated Association of Preparatory Schools.
They merged in June 2002.
Structure.
The association is based in Welwyn, England. The General Secretary is Stuart Westley. Governing bodies are admitted to membership if their Heads are members of one of the following organisations: 
Schools may also apply for associate membership if they are in membership of:

</doc>
<doc id="18909602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909602" title="Sevier National Forest">
Sevier National Forest

Sevier National Forest was established as the Sevier Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in Utah on May 12, 1905 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1922 the entire forest was divided between Dixie National Forest and Powell National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909624" title="Bert Glennon">
Bert Glennon

Bert Glennon (November 19, 1893 – June 29, 1967) was an American cinematographer and film director. He directed "Syncopation" (1929) the first film released by RKO Radio Pictures.
He was nominated for three Academy Awards in Best Cinematography categories for the films "Stagecoach" (1939), "Drums Along the Mohawk" (1939), and "Dive Bomber" (1941).
Glennon worked as a cinematographer on over a hundred films for directors including John Ford, André De Toth, Josef Von Sternberg, Raoul Walsh, and Cecil B. DeMille.
His son, James Glennon, was also a noted cinematographer.

</doc>
<doc id="18909626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909626" title="Preserve America">
Preserve America

Preserve America is a United States government program, established under President George W. Bush, intended to encourage and support community efforts to preserve and enjoy the country's cultural and natural heritage. 
As of August 2008, more than 500 communities, representing all 50 states and the U.S. Virgin Islands (a U.S. territory), had been designated as "Preserve America Communities." By July 2010, the number had increased to 843 communities. Designated communities become eligible to apply for Preserve America grants to enhance heritage tourism and the use of community historic and cultural sites. Federal budget allocations for Preserve America grants totaled approximately $5 million in fiscal year 2007 and $7.5 million in fiscal year 2008. Designated communities also receive White House recognition, a certificate of recognition, a Preserve America Community road sign, listing in the Preserve America Community directory on the program's website, authorization to use the Preserve America logo, inclusion in national and regional press releases, and official notification of the designation to state tourism offices and visitors bureaus.
Executive Order 13287, "Preserve America", signed by President Bush on March 3, 2003, established a federal policy to provide leadership in preserving the nation's heritage by actively advancing the protection, enhancement, and contemporary use of historic properties owned by the federal government. The order encourages federal agencies to seek partnerships with state, tribal, and local governments and the private sector to make more efficient and informed use of these resources for economic development and other recognized public benefits. In addition, it directs the Secretary of Commerce to assist in development of local and regional heritage tourism programs.
Legislation providing permanent authorization for the Preserve America program was passed by the U.S. Congress and signed by President Barack Obama in March 2009.
The Preserve America program is jointly administered by the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation and Department of the Interior in partnership with the U.S. Departments of Agriculture, Commerce, Defense, Education, Housing and Urban Development, and Transportation; U.S. General Services Administration; National Endowment for the Humanities; President's Committee on the Arts and Humanities; Institute of Museum and Library Services; and Council on Environmental Quality. Laura Bush, former First Lady of the United States, was the Honorary Chair of Preserve America from the program's inception. Her successor as First Lady, Michelle Obama, continues that tradition by serving an honorary role in supporting and promoting Preserve America.

</doc>
<doc id="18909631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909631" title="Augmentation (psychiatry)">
Augmentation (psychiatry)

Augmentation is the combination of two or more drugs to achieve better treatment results.

</doc>
<doc id="18909642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909642" title="Usages of tobacco">
Usages of tobacco

Tobacco has been used in many forms in addition to being a controlled substance. It has been used in traditional medicines, and as pesticides in agriculture.
Controlled substance.
Tobacco is a controlled substance due to its habit forming characteristics in the United States and throughout much of the world. It can be chewed, smoked or snorted.
Tobacco has been smoked for centuries, starting with Native Americans and spreading into Europe and beyond.
Medicine.
Tobacco has been used as a traditional medicine in treating insect bites, cuts, and so forth. Tobacco can also be turned into nicotine tartrate which can be used in medicine.
Agriculture.
Because of nicotine's lethality to insects it has been used as a pesticide.

</doc>
<doc id="18909647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909647" title="Ağyoxuş">
Ağyoxuş

Ağyoxuş (also, Agëkhush) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18909651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909651" title="Peyədərə">
Peyədərə

Peyədərə (also, Paya Dara, Peyadere, and Peyaderesi) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18909652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909652" title="Lahıc, Goygol">
Lahıc, Goygol

Lahıc (also, Lagich) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18909655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909655" title="Fadılı">
Fadılı

Fadılı (also, Fadily and Fadyly) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18909657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909657" title="Maraq, Azerbaijan">
Maraq, Azerbaijan

Maraq (also, Mairik and Marak) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18909658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909658" title="Haçaqaya">
Haçaqaya

Haçaqaya (also, Achakaya) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qırıqlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18909660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909660" title="Cümşüdlü">
Cümşüdlü

Cümşüdlü (also, Dzhumshudin and Dzhyumshyudlyu) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,590. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909664" title="Shaumyan, Goygol">
Shaumyan, Goygol

Goygol is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18909667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909667" title="Western Passage">
Western Passage

The Western Passage is an inlet off of the Bay of Fundy just north of Eastport, Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="18909669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909669" title="Slam Nuba">
Slam Nuba

Slam Nuba is an award-winning performance poetry event based in Denver, Colorado, USA. Originated in 2006 as a program of the Pan African Arts Society and certified by Poetry Slam, Inc., Slam Nuba has become a collective of many of the nation's finest poets.
Slam Nuba holds its poetry events at Cafe Nuba, and they major slam at The Crossroads Theater, both located in the Five Points neighborhood in Denver.
The National Poetry Slam is the largest team performance poetry event in the world. Teams from all over North America and a few from other countries converge in a different city every summer for five days of poetry, revelry, and competition.
In 2007, the Denver Slam Nuba team placed fourth in the United States. In 2008, Slam Nuba won two separate regional bouts including the Southwest Shoot Out Poetry Slam in Dallas, Texas, and The Denver 40 ounce Poetry Slam. Slam Nuba competed at The National Poetry Slam in Madison, Wisconsin in 2008 and made it to semifinals for the second successive year. In 2011, the Slam Nuba team won The Nation Poetry Slam Championship.
History.
Slam Nuba was conceived by Ashara Ekundayo, Ken Arkind and Panama Soweto. Café Nuba, Denver's premier monthly poetry showcase, had been a registered Poetry Slam, Inc. venue for several years and had never sent a team to the National Poetry Slam. With the support of the community Slam Nuba was created for the purpose of representing the versatility of Denver's poetry scene under its parent organization of Café Nuba.
Slam Nuba is a registered program of a 501 (c)(3) non-profit organization meaning that their funds are from donations and fundraising. This keeps the group close to Denver and helps further the sense of community in the metropolitan area.
The team has performed in many places outside of poetry slam including an event hosted by Democracy Now, sharing a stage with Amy Goodman, opening for recording artists Les Nubians, sharing a stage with the hip-hop group Dead Prez, and at such local events as Denver's Black Arts Festival, The Poet As Muse, Club Reign, and Café Cultura.
In 2007, its first year of competing, Slam Nuba had four competing members, Jai Harris, Bobby Lefebre, Panama Soweto, and Lucifury (Theo Wilson). Suzi Q. Smith was the team's founder and Slam Master (organizer and manager), and Bianca Mikahn Shaw was the team's coach. Most of the team were rookie slammers yet they won several regional bouts including the Lincoln, Nebraska Invitational and the Dallas Invitational Poetry Slam.
During a week of events at The National Poetry Slam 2007, Lucifury won the Erotic Poetry Slam and earned the coveted title of "Most Erotic Slam Poet in the Nation." Throughout team finals, Slam Nuba placed fourth in the United States out of a possible 75 teams.
2008 saw a change for Slam Nuba. Several of the previous teams members remained but a few new ones were added to the troupe. Bobby Lefebre, Panama Soweto, Lucifury, Original Woman, and Ayinde Russell represented Slam Nuba during the 2008 slam season. Suzi Q. Smith left their ranks as Slam Master, but Bobby Lefebre and Panama Soweto picked up where she had left off. Bianca Mikahn remained on as coach.
During the 2008 season, the team won a variety of tournaments and performed at a wide range of venues in the Denver area, including the wrap up party for DNC (Democratic National Convention) volunteers. The team was also featured in an article in "El Semanario", Denver's weekly Latino newspaper.
Slam Nuba won the Flagstaff "Win and You're In" bout, a match they needed to clinch a spot at the national competition, The 2008 South West Shoot Out Poetry Slam, and The Denver 40 Ounce Invitational Slam. The team won both of their preliminary bouts at the national event, then came second in the semifinals bout to team Austin Egos and tied with the team from Hollywood.
In 2009, the poets representing Slam Nuba on a national level were Bobby Lefebre, Ken Arkind, Panama Soweto, The Original Woman, and Lucifury, joined by their coach Suzi Q. Smith. Amy Everhart, who was to join the Slam Nuba team the following year, won the Individual World Poetry Slam. The 2010 team was coached by Lucifury and added to the team Jen Rinaldi, Jovan Mays, Megan Rickman, and Amy Everhart. Lucifury ranked fifth in the 2009 Individual World Poetry Slam. Amy Everhart was the Individual World Poetry Slam Champion of 2009.
The 2011 SlamNUBA team, consisting of Theo "Lucifury" Wilson, Brando Chemtrails, Ayinde Russell, Jovan Mays and Dominique Ashaheed, and coached by Jen Rinaldi, won the 2011 Nation Slam Poetry Championship.
Community.
Slam Nuba is involved in community development throughout Denver. Several of the poets in the organization are youth mentors and advocates. The group believes that a strong community can be determined by the contributions of its teachers, laborers and artists. This belief has led the group to work with other non-profit organizations and volunteer a great deal of their time to neighborhood enrichment. Panama Soweto states, "Poetry is a very important tool, it can expire the anguish in our souls and solicit the best from our hearts."
2011.
Slam Nuba coached by veteran Jen Rinaldi, won the 2011 National Poetry Slam Championship in Boston, Massachusetts. Performing at the Berklee School of Music in front of more than 2,500 people, Slam Nuba won the national title. Team members Dominique Ashaheed and Ayinde Russell performed a duet piece called "Amandla" about the resistance movement in South Africa, putting the team more than a point ahead, by incorporating South African songs and exuberant messages about fighting barbarism with beauty. In the second round, Theo "Lucifury" Wilson, performed a poem entitled "Dark Jester" which deals with the ways in which brilliant black performers were made into minstrels. In the third round the team sealed the victory with a complicated quintet piece about chain gangs in the south. The poem involved old work songs, choreography, and biting lines that ranged from personal commentaries that embodied the voices of the men who languished on chain gangs as well as social commentary about the ways in which Black men still negotiate similar circumstances in present day America. The last round was performed by Brando.
Also in 2011, SlamNUBA was inducted to the Denver Westword's Mastermind Class of 2011.
The 2011 SlamNUBA team consisted of Theo Wilson, Brando Chemtrails, Ayinde Russell, Jovan Mays and Dominique Ashaheed. The 2011 team were the Southwest Shootout Regional Competition champions and the Utah Arts Festival Slam Champions.

</doc>
<doc id="18909673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909673" title="Astragalus whitneyi">
Astragalus whitneyi

Atragalus whitneyi is a species of legume known by the common name Balloon-pod milk-vetch or Balloon milk-vetch. It is a native to the Cascade Range and is unusual for its bright red balloon-like pods.

</doc>
<doc id="18909675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909675" title="Lamanda Park, Pasadena, California">
Lamanda Park, Pasadena, California

Lamanda Park is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered roughly by Foothill Boulevard to the north, Del Mar Boulevard to the south, the Eaton Wash to the east, and Allen Avenue to the west, with a panhandle extending south along the western bank of the Eaton Wash.
Like Annandale, it was originally a small township that was gradually enveloped by Pasadena. It was annexed in 1914. Even today, many commercial enterprises and newspapers still identify the area as a separate community.
Landmarks.
Lamanda Park's appearance is noticeably different from the rest of Pasadena. Much like Raymond Hill, it is a historically industrial area, and is notable for the presence of large warehouses, factories, lumber yards, and garages. As much of the neighborhood wasn't developed until the late 1950s, few area homes are older than 50 years.
Education.
Lamanda Park is served by Hamilton, Willard, and Field Elementary Schools, Wilson Middle School, and Blair High School.
Transportation.
Lamanda Park is served by Metro Local lines 177, 181, 267, and 686; as well as Pasadena ARTS routes 10 31, and 60, and Foothill Transit line 187.
Politics.
Lamanda Park is a generally more conservative than other parts of the City, due in part to a large immigrant population and older, socially conservative residents. In the City Council, it is split between the 2nd, 4th, and 7th districts, represented by Margaret McAustin (D), Steve Haderlein (R), and Terry Tornek (R), respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18909677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909677" title="Taos National Forest">
Taos National Forest

Taos National Forest was established as the Taos Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in New Mexico on November 7, 1906 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 the entire forest was combined with part of Jemez National Forest to create Carson National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909682" title="Neend hamarey khuwab tumharey (1971 film)">
Neend hamarey khuwab tumharey (1971 film)

Neend hamarey khuwab tumharey is a blockbuster Pakistani Urdu colour film, produced and directed by Khalid Khursheed. "NHKT" is a romantic and melodious film. It cast Waheed Murad, Deeba, Nirala, Aliya and Talish.
Release.
"NHKT" was released by K.K. Pictures on 1 January 1971 in Pakistani cinemas. In spite of worst political circumstances of the country, the film did well in the cinemas. It completed 15 weeks in main cinema and 51 weeks in other cinemas of Karachi and thus became a golden jubilee film.
Music.
The film has popular tracks "Mera mehboob aagaya..." and "Naraaz na ho to arz karun..." sung by Masood Rana. Music is composed by M. Ashraf and the lyricist is Kaleem Usmani. Playback singers are Masood Rana, Runa Laila, Mehdi Hassan and Mala.

</doc>
<doc id="18909708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909708" title="Tillamook National Forest">
Tillamook National Forest

Tillamook National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Oregon on March 2, 1907 with . On July 1, 1908, Executive Order 860 assigned a portion to Umpqua National Forest to establish Suislaw National Forest and the remainder was returned to the public domain. The name was discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="18909709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909709" title="Petr Taborsky">
Petr Taborsky

Petr Táborský was the first person in the United States to be prosecuted in criminal court for stealing intellectual property. The property in question was research by a team Taborsky was part of while he was a student at the University of South Florida. Taborsky was eventually found guilty.
Discovery.
In 1988, Taborsky was a chemistry student working at the University of South Florida as an assistant researcher on an unsuccessful project sponsored by Florida Progress Corporation. At the end of the designated research period he claimed to have obtained permission from a dean in the College of Engineering to conduct his own experiments using a different approach, hoping to use the material for a master's thesis. His independent research at the university's lab led to an important discovery that could be applied to filter ammonia from polluted water.
Both the university and the Florida Progress Corporation claimed the invention as theirs because it was made using their laboratory. They also claimed that Taborsky was not entitled to any compensation for having made the discovery. Taborsky disagreed and responded by taking the research notes from the laboratory. He used these notes to apply for patent, which was awarded to him.
Criminal charges and conviction.
The university eventually brought criminal charges against Taborsky and in 1990 he was found guilty of theft of the university's intellectual property in the form of $20,000 worth of research and trade secrets. It was the first such case to be tried in the United States.
Taborsky refused to comply with a judge's order to transfer ownership of his patent to the University of South Florida, and in 1996 he was incarcerated in a maximum security state prison. After two months he was transferred to a minimum-security work-release center. Although Taborsky was offered clemency by Governor Lawton Chiles, he declined, stating that this would be tantamount to admitting guilt.

</doc>
<doc id="18909710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909710" title="Devine, British Columbia">
Devine, British Columbia

Devine is a rural locality located in the Gates Valley of the Lillooet Country in the southwestern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, about 3 km (2 mi) from D'Arcy, at the head of Anderson Lake.
Devine gets its name from being the location of a lumber mill run by Andy Devine which employed Japanese-Canadians who had been Japanese Canadian internment relocated to McGillivray Falls (now McGillivray) which was just inside the 100-mile "quarantine zone" from the British Columbia Coast. Devine was able to hire the Japanese, who were experienced loggers and millworkers from the Coast, as the area was inaccessible from the Coast, other than by the rail line as no road to the Coast was open until the 1960s. The post office at Devine opened in 1951 and closed in 1964. Remains of the old mill can still be found in the woods around Devine and until recently the old burner from Andy Devine's mill was the tallest man made
structure around.
Devine today is a recreational community with a few year round residents. The nearest services are at D'Arcy, a few miles north and Birken, a few miles farther southwest along the road and rail line to Mount Currie and Pemberton.

</doc>
<doc id="18909730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909730" title="List of communities in Hants County, Nova Scotia">
List of communities in Hants County, Nova Scotia

List of communities in Hants County, Nova Scotia
Communities are ordered by the highway upon which they are located. All routes start with the terminus located near the largest community.

</doc>
<doc id="18909731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909731" title="List of communities in Inverness County, Nova Scotia">
List of communities in Inverness County, Nova Scotia

List of communities in Inverness County, Nova Scotia
Many of the communities have Gaelic names.
Communities are ordered by the highway upon which they are located. All routes start with the terminus located near the largest community.

</doc>
<doc id="18909736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909736" title="Tobyhanna National Forest">
Tobyhanna National Forest

Tobyhanna National Forest was established in Pennsylvania by the U.S. Forest Service on April 10, 1925 with from part of the Tobyhanna Military Reservation. On October 10, 1928 the executive order for its creation was rescinded and the forest was abolished. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909747" title="List of Faith No More band members">
List of Faith No More band members

The American band Faith No More has had twenty known band members, many for such a short period of time they were not documented, including: seven vocalists, including Mike Morris; ten guitarists, also including Mike Morris; two keyboardists; one drummer; and one bassist.
The band, consisting of Mike Morris, Billy Gould, Wade Worthington, and Mike Bordin, first formed in 1981 under the name Faith. No Man, recording just one release. Wade left shortly afterward and was replaced by Roddy Bottum. In 1982 the entire band, minus Mike Morris, quit to form Faith No More. During this time they went through the majority of their long list of vocalists and guitarists, Courtney Love being the third and longest-standing vocalist at the time. They then settled on Chuck Mosley and Jim Martin, with whom they recorded and released their first two studio albums, "We Care a Lot" and "Introduce Yourself". After the tour for "Introduce Yourself" the band fired Mosley and hired Mike Patton, vocalist of the experimental band Mr. Bungle. This was Faith No More's longest-standing lineup and featured the most releases, including the studio albums "The Real Thing" and "Angel Dust". Following the departure of Jim Martin in late 1993 the band went without a guitarist until starting the writing of the followup to "Angel Dust", "King for a Day... Fool for a Lifetime", for which they hired Trey Spruance, also of Mr. Bungle. Spruance left before the tour and was replaced by Dean Menta. Menta was then replaced by Jon Hudson before the recording of the band's final album, "Album of the Year". Faith No More split up in 1998.
On February 24, 2009, Faith No More announced they would be re-forming for a European tour that began in June at the UK's biggest rock festival Download. Since their reformation, the lineup has been identical to the final lineup prior to the band's 1998 breakup.
Non-recording former members.
The following were short-term members between 1982 and 1984 all of whom played only live shows and appear on none of the main releases. They are also omitted from the timeline.

</doc>
<doc id="18909769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909769" title="Scott Bulloch">
Scott Bulloch

Scott Bulloch (born 13 August 1984) is an Australian footballer who plays for Bentleigh Greens in the Victorian Premier League.
Biography.
After turning down a Professional Football Contract in 2006 with Perth Glory to continue a career in Policing, Scott Bulloch was given another opportunity to play in the Hyundai A-League. Scott Bulloch was playing his football with W.A. Premier League club Sorrento FC, when he was called up to the Western Australian State team to play Perth Glory. The Western Australia Select defeated Perth Glory 3-2 with Bulloch scoring 2 goals and catching the eye of coach, David Mitchell.
On the 8th of August, 2008, Bulloch signed his first professional contract with Perth Glory. In his first season, he played 16 games, scoring 1 goal and earning a further 1 year deal. In his second season, an achilies injury hampered his season, however he still managed 14 games, scoring 2 goals and playing in Perth Glory's A-League finals appearance against Wellington Phoenix, where the team lost in an agonising shootout, with Bulloch having his spot kick saved.
After failing to secure another contract, Bulloch headed east to Melbourne to link up with Victorian Premier League Champions, Dandenong Thunder who were coached by former Glasgow Rangers Great Stuart Munro. Bulloch played 12 games, scoring 5 goals. Bulloch has since left Dandenong Thunder to play for Bentleigh Greens.

</doc>
<doc id="18909785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909785" title="Toquima National Forest">
Toquima National Forest

Toquima National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Nevada on April 15, 1907 with . On July 1, 1908 the entire forest was transferred to Toiyabe National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909788" title="La Pintoresca, Pasadena, California">
La Pintoresca, Pasadena, California

La Pintoresca Park is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Montana Street to the north, Washington Boulevard to the south, Fair Oaks Avenue to the west, and Los Robles Avenue to the east.
Landmarks.
There is widespread commercial development on Fair Oaks Avenue and Woodbury Road. Notable landmarks in the neighborhood include Washington Middle School, Washington Elementary School, La Pintoresca Park, and Robincroft Castle.
Education.
La Pintoresca Park is served by Washington and Altadena Elementary Schools, Washington and Eliot Middle Schools, and Muir High School.
Transportation.
La Pintoresca Park is served by Metro Local lines 260 and 268, as well as Pasadena ARTS routes 20, 31, and 32.

</doc>
<doc id="18909801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909801" title="Ba Takat Bridge">
Ba Takat Bridge

The Ba Takat Bridge can be found 28 miles to the west of Colombo, Sri Lanka. The specific area is called Karawanella.
The Bridge was built in the year 500B.C. by the lost tribe of Nittevo. It is the site of many supernatural events: the disappearance of children and elders, creaking noises when there is no one standing on the bridge and even violent shaking of the woods which constitute the bridge. The land around the bridge seems to cause people to become violent and uncontrolled which makes the area very dangerous.
History.
Before the construction and present.
The area was a sacred sacrificial ground. There were seven altars in the location, three on each side of the small gorge and one inside the gorge, now exactly under the bridge. 
These altars were plundered of riches and destroyed by unknown foreigners. Ever since then the nearby land has been in turmoil and chaos. Violence breaks loose daily in the area 10 miles around the altar. It is not heard of by the rest of the world because not many survive and not many people inhabit the area.
Legend.
Thousands of years ago, though it is unknown how, the Nittevo tribe learned of the goddess Bia, the personification of violence, and began adoring her, hoping they would gain her favor. After many years of sacrifices in the Seven Altars they had won her favor. The Goddess was the type of deity they did not want as an enemy, but rather an ally. The tribe had her favor for 598 years until the altars were destroyed and the sacrifices could not take place. 
According to legend “the last piece of stone from the altar broke in the Chief’s hand without him applying any pressure, it was a sign that their pact with Bia had been severed.” Now violence plagues the land and the people pay the price for not defending their Goddess’ honor.
Area.
The area has been set off-limits by the local government after the deaths of 47 locals throughout the last two years.

</doc>
<doc id="18909813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909813" title="Tusayan National Forest">
Tusayan National Forest

Tusayan National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Arizona on July 1, 1910 with from part of Coconino National Forest and other lands. On October 22, 1934 the entire forest was transferred to Prescott National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909856" title="Lexington Heights, Pasadena, California">
Lexington Heights, Pasadena, California

Lexington Heights is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Atchison Street (northern city limit) to the north, Washington Boulevard to the south, Lake Avenue to the west, and Hill Avenue to the east.
Landmarks.
There is some commercial development on Lake Avenue and Washington Boulevard, but for the most part Lexington Heights is a residential neighborhood.
Education.
Lexington Heights is home to Longfellow Elementary School, and is also served by Burbank Elementary School, Eliot Middle School, and Pasadena High School.
Transportation.
Lexington Heights is served by Metro Local lines 180, 368, and 485; as well as Pasadena ARTS routes 20 31, and 32.

</doc>
<doc id="18909877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909877" title="Unaka National Forest">
Unaka National Forest

Unaka National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in North Carolina, 
Tennessee and Virginia on July 24, 1920 with . On July 10, 1936 most of the forest was transferred to Pisgah National Forest, with the Virginia portion going to Jefferson National Forest, and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909891" title="Jackeline Rentería">
Jackeline Rentería

Jaqueline Rentería Castillo (born February 23, 1986 in Cali, Colombia) is a female wrestler from Colombia. She won a bronze medal in the women's freestyle 55 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics and repeated the feat at the women's freestyle -55 kg category at the London 2012 Summer Olympics. With her second medal she ties Helmut Bellingrodt as the most decorated Colombian olympians. She is studying at the Pontificia Universidad Javeriana.

</doc>
<doc id="18909909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909909" title="Walked Outta Heaven">
Walked Outta Heaven

"Walked Outta Heaven" is the second single released by R&B group Jagged Edge from their fourth studio album "Hard".
The single peaked at #6 on the Billboard Hot 100 in December, 2003, making it the group's second best performing single on that chart. It also peaked at #21 on the UK Singles Chart.
Remix.
The official remix features rapper Scarface. The remix's instrumental sampled "Be Real Black for Me" by Roberta Flack & Donny Hathaway.

</doc>
<doc id="18909916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909916" title="Reserve National Forest">
Reserve National Forest

Reserve National Forest was established in New York by the U.S. Forest Service on April 10, 1925 with from part of the Upton Military Reservation. On June 29, 1927 the executive order for its creation was rescinded and the forest was abolished. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909942" title="Tenerian culture">
Tenerian culture

Tenerian is the name given by archaeologists to a prehistoric culture originating in at least the 5th millennium BC and lasting until the mid-3rd millennium BC in the Sahara Desert. This spans the wet period of Saharan history known as the Neolithic Subpluvial as well into the onset of the current arid regime. 
Reygasse first used the term Tenerian in 1934 with subsequent scholars producing a clearer definition. The Missions Berliet to the Air Mountains in northern Niger produced the clearest definition prior to J. Desmond Clarke's expedition in early 1970, the results of which were published in November 2008. 
Human remains from this culture were first found in the Air Mountains and later, in 2000, at a site known as Gobero, located in Niger in the Ténéré Desert.
Discovery.
Gobero was discovered in 2000 during an expedition (led by Paul Sereno) searching for dinosaur remains. Two distinct cultures were discovered at the site: the Tenerian culture and the Kiffian culture. The Kiffians were a prehistoric people who preceded the Tenerians and vanished approximately 8000 years ago, when the desert became very dry. The desert stayed dry until about 4600 BC when the rains returned, and the earliest evidence of the Tenerians appears. Some 200 skeletons have been discovered at Gobero.
Culture.
The desert region was lush at the time and the Tenerians were cattle-herders, fishermen, and hunters. The graves show that the Tenerians were a spiritual people, as they were buried with artifacts such as jewelry made of hippo tusks and clay pots. The most interesting find is a triple burial, dated to 5300 years ago, of an adult female and two children, estimated through their teeth as being five and eight years old, hugging each other. Pollen residue indicates they were buried on a bed of flowers. The three are assumed to have died within 24 hours of each other, but as their skeletons hold no apparent trauma (they didn't die violently) and they have been buried so elaborately - unlikely if they had died of a plague - the cause of their deaths is a mystery.
Decline.
Approximately 4500 years ago the region became dry again, and the Tenerians vanished, possibly following the animals elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="18909945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909945" title="Nadil">
Nadil

Nadil (also, Nadel’ and Nadjl) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,032. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909947" title="Information source (mathematics)">
Information source (mathematics)

In mathematics, an information source is a sequence of random variables ranging over a finite alphabet Γ, having a stationary distribution. 
The uncertainty, or entropy rate, of an information source is defined as
where
is the sequence of random variables defining the information source, and 
is the conditional information entropy of the sequence of random variables. Equivalently, one has

</doc>
<doc id="18909948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909948" title="Hari Tokeino">
Hari Tokeino

Hari represents herself as a 'Windup Alarm and Clock' in her manga free talks. She also draws her two older sisters as clocks, the elder being an antique clock and the younger being a different model alarm clock. 
Hari Tokeino is her pen name. She reveals in one of the volumes that it means "Hand of the Clock", thus her reason to draw herself as a clock. She goes on to say that every now and then she regrets choosing that as her pen name. 
Her current work is "Gakuen Babysitters" which is serializing in LaLa.

</doc>
<doc id="18909958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909958" title="One Step Up">
One Step Up

"One Step Up" is a song by Bruce Springsteen from his 1987 "Tunnel of Love" album. It was released as the third single from the album, following "Brilliant Disguise" and the title track. It reached position #13 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and #3 on the Adult Contemporary chart in the United States. It also reached #2 on the U.S. Album Rock Tracks chart, giving Springsteen three straight top two tracks from the album. The song was only released as a single in America.
History.
Unlike much of the "Tunnel of Love" album, "One Step Up" was not recorded in Springsteen's home studio (Thrill Hill East). Rather, it was recorded at A&M Studios in Los Angeles, California. It was recorded between May and August 1987. Springsteen plays all instruments, and future wife Patti Scialfa provided backing vocals. No other members of Springsteen's usual backing group, the E Street Band, are present.
Like several other songs on the album, the song reflects the impending breakup of the marriage between Springsteen and then-wife Julianne Phillips. The song's lyrics are poetic, understated, emotional and eloquent. The song begins by describing a house with a broken furnace and a car that doesn't start, which serve as metaphors for the couple's relationship. Similar metaphors in the song are a bird that won't sing and church bells that won't ring for a new bride-to-be. Although the couple has been together for some time, they haven't learned from their experiences and continue to fight and slam doors. The lyrics refer to the couple's relationship as their "dirty little war." Finally, the singer finds himself at a bar wondering whether to hook up with another woman there, while remembering a dream he had the night before about dancing with his wife. The singer is self-aware enough to recognize his share of responsibility for the couple's difficulties, as demonstrated in particular by the line: "When I look at myself I don't see/The man I wanted to be". Dave Marsh describes the song as being "as miserable a cheating song as even Nashville ever knew."
The music for the song has a bare arrangement, reflecting how personal the song is. It is a quiet ballad with an ironically reassuring melody. The backing vocal provides a haunting echo to the Springsteen's lead vocal. Ironically, given the fact that this is a song about a marriage breaking up, these backing vocals were sung by the woman who would prove to be Springsteen's future wife, Patti Scialfa.
Music video.
Like several other videos from the "Tunnel of Love" album, including "Brilliant Disguise", "Tunnel of Love" and "Tougher Than the Rest", the video for "One Step Up" was directed by Meiert Avis. The video intersperses scenes of Springsteen singing the song with images reflecting the song's narrative. The video was later released on the VHS and DVD "Video Anthology / 1978-88".
Live performance history.
Perhaps due to the personal nature of the song, it has been performed live only infrequently. The song was a staple on the 1988 Tunnel of Love Express Tour, but since then has not been played live with the E Street Band, only receiving some performances on the 2005 Devils & Dust Tour.
Cover versions.
Cover versions of "One Step Up" have been recorded by Clive Gregson and Christine Collister, 
Kenny Chesney, Bad Radio, Martyn Joseph, and Paul Cebar, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="18909960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909960" title="Charley Moon">
Charley Moon

Charley Moon is a 1956 British film directed by Guy Hamilton. It stars Max Bygraves, Dennis Price and Shirley Eaton.
Plot Summary.
Life and loves of a country boy who makes it on the London stage, but misses home.

</doc>
<doc id="18909969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909969" title="Bernhard III, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg">
Bernhard III, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg

Bernhard III, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg (died 20 August 1348) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg.
He was the eldest son of Bernhard II, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, by his wife Helene, daughter of Wizlaw II, Prince of Rügen.
Life.
Bernhard succeeded his father as ruler of Anhalt-Bernburg after his death in 1323. His two younger brothers renounced their rights in order to become priests, which left Bernhard as sole ruler of Bernburg. Along with his princely title, he also used the styles "Count of Askanien" and "Lord of Bernburg".
Marriages and children.
In 1328 Bernhard married Agnes (ca. 1310 – 4 January 1338), daughter of Rudolph I, Elector of Saxony and Duke of Saxe-Wittenberg. Her paternal grandmother and namesake Agnes of Habsburg was a daughter of Rudolph I, King of the Romans. The spouses were third cousins: Agnes's great-grandfather Albert I, Duke of Saxony, was a brother of Henry I, Count of Anhalt, Bernhard's great-grandfather. 
They had five children:
In 1339 Bernhard married for a second time to Matilda (died ca. 1342), daughter of Albert I, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst. Bernhard was more closely related to his bride: Matilda's grandfather was Siegfried I, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst, younger brother of Bernhard I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, Bernhard's grandfather. The marriage was childless.
In ca. 1343, Bernhard married for a third time to another Matilda (died aft. 28 June 1354), daughter of Magnus I, Duke of Brunswick-Göttingen. Through her mother Sophie of Brandenburg, Matilda was a great-great-great-granddaughter of Otto I, Margrave of Brandenburg, older brother of Bernhard, Count of Anhalt, Bernhard's great-great-great-grandfather. 
They had two children:

</doc>
<doc id="18909970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909970" title="Verde National Forest">
Verde National Forest

Verde National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Arizona on December 30, 1907 with . On July 1, 1908 the forest was combined with Prescott National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909982" title="Lincoln-Villa, Pasadena, California">
Lincoln-Villa, Pasadena, California

Lincoln-Villa is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Mountain Street to the north, Walnut Street to the south, Lincoln Avenue and Orange Grove Boulevard to the west, and Fair Oaks Avenue to the east.
Landmarks.
Lincoln-Villa's central plaza covers a couple of city blocks around the intersection of Fair Oaks Avenue and Orange Grove Boulevard, in addition to commercial developments on Fair Oaks, Villa Street, and Peoria Street. The neighborhood is also home to Pasadena's central post office.
Much of the neighborhood was destroyed in the late 1960s to make way for the intersection of the 210, 710, and 134 Freeways.
Lincoln-Villa has some of Pasadena's heaviest street traffic, as a result of the aforementioned freeway interchange and the neighborhood's position between Downtown and the Rose Bowl.
Education.
Lincoln-Villa is served by Cleveland and Roosevelt Elementary Schools, Washington Middle School, and Muir High School.
Transportation.
Lincoln-Villa is served by Metro Rapid line 762; as well as Metro Local lines 260, 267, and 268. The neighborhood is also served by Pasadena ARTS routes 20, 51, and 52.

</doc>
<doc id="18909988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909988" title="Joseph M. Hellerstein">
Joseph M. Hellerstein

Joseph M. Hellerstein (born ) is professor of Computer Science at the University of California, Berkeley, where he works on database systems and computer networks. After receiving a bachelors degree from Harvard University and a master's degree from UC Berkeley, he received his PhD from the University of Wisconsin, Madison in 1995, for a thesis on query optimization supervised by Jeffrey Naughton and Michael Stonebraker. He has made seminal contributions to many areas of database systems, such as ad-hoc sensor networks, adaptive query processing, approximate query processing and online aggregation, declarative networking, and data stream processing.
His work has been recognized via awards including an Alfred P. Sloan Fellowship, MIT Technology Review's inaugural TR100 list, and two ACM-SIGMOD "Test of Time" awards. He is a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (2009). Key ideas from his research have been incorporated into commercial and open-source database software released by IBM, Oracle Corporation, and PostgreSQL. He has also held industrial posts including Director of Intel Research Berkeley, and Chief Scientist of Cohera Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="18909990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909990" title="Əlimədədli, Goygol">
Əlimədədli, Goygol

Əlimədədli is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 321. 

</doc>
<doc id="18909994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18909994" title="Şıxlar, Khizi">
Şıxlar, Khizi

Şıxlar (also, Shikhlyar and Shykhlar) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18910002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910002" title="Dewdney-Alouette Regional District">
Dewdney-Alouette Regional District

The Dewdney-Alouette Regional District was a regional district in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, Canada, comprising the district municipalities of Pitt Meadows, Maple Ridge and Mission and unincorporated areas east to the Harrison River and north to the southern end of Lillooet Lake. The regional district was partitioned when the Greater Vancouver Regional District (branded Metro Vancouver) was expanded in 1995 to take in Pitt Meadows and Maple Ridge; the regional district's eastern half was combined with the former Central Fraser Valley Regional District and the Regional District of Fraser-Cheam to form the Fraser Valley Regional District.

</doc>
<doc id="18910006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910006" title="List of communities in Guysborough County, Nova Scotia">
List of communities in Guysborough County, Nova Scotia

List of communities in Guysborough County, Nova Scotia
Communities are ordered by the highway upon which they are located. All routes start with the terminus located near the largest community.

</doc>
<doc id="18910007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910007" title="Abdelkader Zrouri">
Abdelkader Zrouri

Abdelkader Zrouri (born September 20, 1976) is a Moroccan Taekwondo athlete.
Zrouri competed in the men's +80 kg class at the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, China. In the preliminary round, he landed an axe kick ("naeryeo chagi") on Juan Diaz of Venezuela and knocked Diaz out at 1:40 of the second round. However, Zrouri was eliminated in the quarterfinals by losing to eventual silver medalist Alexandros Nikolaidis of Greece 5-4.

</doc>
<doc id="18910008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910008" title="Warner Mountains National Forest">
Warner Mountains National Forest

Warner Mountains National Forest was established as the Warner Mountains Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in California on November 29, 1904 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 the forest was combined with Modoc National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18910009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910009" title="Vərdağ">
Vərdağ

Vərdağ (also, Verdakh, Verdag, and Verdekh) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Baxışlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18910012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910012" title="Zargarly">
Zargarly

Zargarly (also, Zargarli and Zargyarli) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18910013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910013" title="Kyucheyri">
Kyucheyri

Kyucheyri (also, Gyudzhevry) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18910016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910016" title="Kechallyar">
Kechallyar

Kechallyar (also, Aul Kochalyar and Kachalar) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18910019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910019" title="Ağdərə, Khizi">
Ağdərə, Khizi

Ağdərə (also, Agdara, Agdere, and Akdere) is a village and municipality in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 241. The municipality consists of the villages of Ağdərə, Qasımkənd, Əmbizlər, and Tudar.

</doc>
<doc id="18910027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910027" title="Yaşma">
Yaşma

Yaşma (also, Iachma, Jaschma, and Yashma) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Şuraabad.

</doc>
<doc id="18910031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910031" title="Xanəgah, Khizi">
Xanəgah, Khizi

Xanəgah (also, Khanagya) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18910034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910034" title="Alena Kartashova">
Alena Kartashova

Alena Kartashova (born January 23, 1982 in Angarsk) is a female wrestler from Russia. She won a silver medal in the women's freestyle 63 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18910040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910040" title="Shalgyakh">
Shalgyakh

Shalgyakh (also, Shal’gyakh and Shal’gakh) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18910046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910046" title="Wenaha National Forest">
Wenaha National Forest

Wenaha National Forest was established as the Wenaha Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in Oregon and Washington on May 12, 1905 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On November 5, 1920 the entire forest was transferred to Umatilla National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18910050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910050" title="Külüllü, Khizi">
Külüllü, Khizi

Külüllü (also, Kululu) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18910054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910054" title="Sitalçay">
Sitalçay

Sitalçay (also, Sitalchay) is a village and municipality in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,234. 
The Sitalchay Military Airbase was located near the settlement. 

</doc>
<doc id="18910062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910062" title="Çisti Klyuç">
Çisti Klyuç

Çisti Klyuç (also, Chistyy Klyuch) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Altıağac.

</doc>
<doc id="18910063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910063" title="Şuraabad, Khizi">
Şuraabad, Khizi

Şuraabad (also, Mikhailabad, Shuraabad, Sovetabad, and Soviet Abad) is a village and municipality in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,232. The municipality consists of the villages of Şuraabad, Yaşma, and Türkoba.

</doc>
<doc id="18910064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910064" title="Angelan">
Angelan

Əngəlan (also Əngilan, Angelan, Angalan or Ангилан) is a village in the Khizi Rayon or Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Tıxlı. 
Before the breakup of the Soviet Union, it was a village in Khizi Selsoviet under jurisdiction of the city of Sumqayit of Azerbaijan SSR, from Khizi, the administrative center of the selsoviet. Two smaller villages: Ashaga Angelan ("Lower Angelan") and Yukhary Angelan ("Upper Angelan) appeared.

</doc>
<doc id="18910073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910073" title="Duff's Brooklyn">
Duff's Brooklyn

Duff's Brooklyn is a heavy metal bar located in Williamsburg, Brooklyn (168 Marcy Avenue, between South 5th and Broadway).
Duff's initially opened as "Bellevue Bar" in the Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan in 1999, before moving to Brooklyn in 2004 with a name change to Duff's Brooklyn.The original Brooklyn location was at 28 North 3rd Street, where the bar resided from December 2004 to December 2008. Due to the rapid gentrification of area, the bar was forced relocate in December 2008. The bar reopened in December 2008 on Williamsburg's gritty South Side ( 168 Marcy Avenue), in a space four times larger than the original bar. Duff's is frequented by Tri - State metal heads and rock n' rollers, and is a stop off for many heavy metal bands passing through New York City on tours. Some visitors of note have been Rob Zombie, Pantera, Iron Maiden, Kerry King of Slayer, Celtic Frost, Exodus, Lamb of God, Machine Head, Suffocation, The Sword, and many others.
The bar has also hosted many official CD and DVD release parties for local and global acts such as Black Label Society, Lamb of God, Mudvayne, Pantera, Queensryche, Slayer, Suffocation, and Type O Negative. The bar's unique decor has also attracted many photo shoots and has made it a desirable spot to film in for independent filmmakers, as well as the better known MTV, MTV2(including The Headbanger's Ball 20th Anniversary show), VH1 Classic's "That Metal Show", Fuse TV, and Burning Angel.

</doc>
<doc id="18910074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910074" title="Altıağac">
Altıağac

Altıağac (also, Altiagach, Altyagach, Alty-Agatsch, Altiaghach, and Alyagach) is a village and municipality in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,180. The municipality consists of the villages of Altıağac, Qızılqazma, Çisti Klyuç, and Yarımca.

</doc>
<doc id="18910076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910076" title="Qars">
Qars

Qars (also, Kars) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Tıxlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18910081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910081" title="Yarımca, Khizi">
Yarımca, Khizi

Yarımca (also, Yarymdzha and Yarymdzhan) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Altıağac.

</doc>
<doc id="18910082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910082" title="Wet Mountains National Forest">
Wet Mountains National Forest

Wet Mountains National Forest was established as the Wet Mountains Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in Colorado on June 12, 1905 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 the forest was combined with San Isabel National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18910084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910084" title="Motion (gridiron football)">
Motion (gridiron football)

In gridiron football, motion refers to the movement of an offensive player at or prior to the snap.
Motion and shift.
There is a distinction drawn between a "shift" and "motion" in football. A shift occurs when one or more players changes their position on the offensive side of the ball "before the snap", causing a change in formation. For example, players may line up initially in an I-formation and then shift the two running backs into wide receiver positions to put the offense in a spread formation. A team may shift any number of players into new positions, so long as they all come to a complete stop for a full second before the ball is snapped to start the play.
Motion occurs when a player is moving "at the time of the snap". While different leagues have different rules regarding motion, most mandate that no more than one player may be in motion at the time of the snap, and that only players who start in "back" positions (running backs, fullbacks, quarterbacks, flankers, H-backs, etc.) may be in motion at the snap. Additionally, the NFL (professional), NCAA (college), and NFHSAA (high school) require that they must be moving laterally or backwards, and are not allowed to move towards the line of scrimmage. The Canadian Football League and the Arena Football League allow for motion towards the line of scrimmage.
The National Football League defines all motion and shift penalties as "illegal motion", while both the NCAA and NFHSAA make a distinction between an "illegal shift" and "illegal motion"; an illegal shift refers to players shifting and not coming to a complete stop before the snap while illegal motion refers to a player who is in motion towards the line of scrimmage, or a player who is not a "back" in motion. In both leagues, however, the penalty for illegal motion/illegal shift is five yards from the previous spot and replay the down.
Additionally, the offensive team may be charged with the penalty of a "false start" if a player on the offense jumps or moves abruptly, simulating the start of the play. This movement is not normally considered a subset of the "motion" or "shift" rules, as the player is not judged to be moving into a new pre-snap position; they are merely starting the play too soon. This is also a five yard penalty.
History and purpose.
In the earliest days of American football, offenses were allowed to shift and assemble themselves as much as they wanted, much as defenses do. The famous Notre Dame Box relied heavily on these shifting motions. However, rule changes were eventually implemented that prevented offenses like the Notre Dame Box from ever occurring again. The motion rules seen today resulted from these rule changes. Currently, wholesale formation shifts can only occur before the offensive formation is set, and said formation must be in place for at least one second before a snap or motion can occur.
The purposes of motion are to allow the offense to change formations and, in leagues that allow forward motion, a chance to gain momentum on the defenders.
Requirements.
In all forms of football, only players in the backfield and not on the line of scrimmage may be in motion at the time of the snap. Prior to starting the motion, all players on the offensive side must be in a set formation for a minimum of one second.
In most versions of American football, only one player may be in motion at one time, and the player must not move toward the line of scrimmage in his motion (in other words, he can only move laterally or backward). In no situation may the moving player begin on the line of scrimmage when he moves (in other words, offensive linemen are prohibited from motion prior to the snap). Any player who shifts from a lineman position to a back position must set in position at least five yards behind the line of scrimmage before going into motion.
Exceptions are as follows:
In leagues that allow forward motion, the moving player(s) cannot cross the line of scrimmage, or else it is a false start.

</doc>
<doc id="18910092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910092" title="Yarımca">
Yarımca

Yarımca or Yarymdzha or Yarymdzhan or Yarmıca may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18910098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910098" title="Perak Chinese Chamber of Commerce">
Perak Chinese Chamber of Commerce

To promote relationships and cooperation among the Chinese business community within the state, and to safeguard, uphold and fight for their economic rights, miners, Mr. Foo Choo Choon and Yau Tuck Seng led a group of businessmen to form the Perak Chinese Chamber of Commerce in 1907.
Perak Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( PCCCI ), formerly known as Perak Chinese Chamber of Commerce, was founded in 1907 as a society under the law.
The chamber currently has 1276 trade society members, and more than 10,000 individual, corporate and trade society members.
The Chamber also hosted the Annual General Meeting of The Associated Chinese Chambers of Commerce and Industry of Malaysia in Years 1970, 1979, 1995 and 2003 respectively.
Perak Chinese' Representative To China's Parliament.
In 1912, the strong support of the Chinese of Perak for China's 1912 Xinhai Revolution entitled them to be represented at the National Assembly in Peking. After Foo Choo Choon, who was unanimously voted to that position, turned down the honour, elections were held at the Perak Chinese Chambers, the voters being made up of those who had contributed significantly to the Chinese Patriotic Fund. Chinese Journal Chung Sin Pau's former editor, Tien Toon resident in China who was well connected in Ipoh was eventually chosen when all local nominees, over 1,000 tin miners and businessmen, realised that no one wanted to take time off to attend meetings at Peking.
China's Financial Crisis of 1912.
Foo Choo Choon as head of the Perak Chinese Chamber of Commerce, representing the Perak Chinese community, initiated a fund raising drive to help address the financial crisis in China at that time.

</doc>
<doc id="18910100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910100" title="Giləzi, Khizi">
Giləzi, Khizi

Giləzi (also, Kiljasi and Kilyazi) is a village and the most populous municipality in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,530.

</doc>
<doc id="18910104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910104" title="Qızılqazma, Khizi">
Qızılqazma, Khizi

Qızılqazma (also, Kyzylkazma) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Altıağac.

</doc>
<doc id="18910112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910112" title="Giləzi">
Giləzi

Giləzi or Kiljasi or Kilyazi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18910116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910116" title="Baxışlı">
Baxışlı

Baxışlı (also, Bakhshily and Bakhshyly) is a village and municipality in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 315. The municipality consists of the villages of Baxışlı, Bəyəhmədyurd, Vərdağ, and Güneyqışlaq.

</doc>
<doc id="18910117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910117" title="1983–1991">
1983–1991

1983–1991 is a four-CD box set of material by goth supergroup This Mortal Coil, released in 1993 on the 4AD label. The box set was released only in the United States, and was distributed by Warner Bros. Records, with whom 4AD maintained a distribution deal at the time. This marked the first domestic USA release for most of the band's output, as only the debut, "It'll End in Tears", had been released in the USA previously.
The box set contains all three of the band's LPs, presented in their original form, with no bonus tracks or extra material. The fourth CD is entitled "Original Versions," and features the original recordings of 21 of the many songs the band covered.
Featuring lavish packaging typical of 4AD and design associates V23, the box set has been out of print for many years, and is considered highly collectible amongst fans of the label. Used sets routinely fetch more than $100USD on eBay and other sites where used CDs are sold. On the other hand, some 4AD fans have been critical of the box set's shortcomings over the years. This includes the absence of the band's debut EP, "Sixteen Days/Gathering Dust", the lack of any outtakes or other new material, and the fact that the "Original Versions" disc is missing several songs that had been covered by the band. Many fans were also upset that the set was not released in the UK, 4AD's home country, and where This Mortal Coil had experienced the most success.
The box set is dedicated to His Name Is Alive frontman Warren Defever.

</doc>
<doc id="18910119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910119" title="Hugo Anthony Meynell">
Hugo Anthony Meynell

Hugo Anthony Meynell (born 23 March 1936), Meynell Langley, Derbyshire, England, shortly after the death of his father, Captain Godfrey Meynell, who won the Victoria Cross in action against Afghan raiders in India's Khyber Pass. Hugo grew up as a member of an English family which arrived in England with the Norman conquest of England. He was educated at Eton, and King's College at the University of Cambridge where he obtained his PhD and is listed in the "Canadian Who's Who". He was elected a member of the Royal Society of Canada in 1993.
Academic career.
After completing his graduate work Dr. Meynell taught at the University of Leeds before moving to the University of Calgary in 1981. He has written thirteen academic books and numerous peer reviewed articles as well as regular book reviews in the "Heythrop Journal" and similar publications.
Christian Rationalism.
Meynell describes himself as a "Christian Rationalist" in the tradition of Thomas Aquinas (1225-1274) and Bernard Lonergan (1904-1984) on whose work he has written. His numerous books include works on philosophy, psychology and even music. A devout Roman Catholic convert he has an evangelical outlook and sympathy for British and American Protestantism. In his recent books he expresses a strong distaste for so-called Postmodernism and what he calls "academic fads." Currently, he is engaged in a study of contemporary atheism.
Books.
Meynell's many publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="18910121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910121" title="Linda Vista, Pasadena, California">
Linda Vista, Pasadena, California

Linda Vista is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is one of Pasadena's wealthiest neighborhoods, and its largest by area. It is bordered by Oak Grove Drive to the north, Colorado Boulevard to the south, the Pasadena-Glendale border to the west, and Linda Vista Avenue to the east.
Landmarks.
Linda Vista is built on a slope between the Arroyo Seco and the San Rafael Hills, and is home to the Annandale Golf Club and Art Center College of Design.
Education.
Linda Vista is served by San Rafael Elementary School, Eliot Middle School, and Muir High School. Flintridge Sacred Heart Academy, Chandler School, Mayfield Grammar School, Mayfield Senior School, Maranatha High School, Westridge School, and Polytechnic School are private schools in the area.
Transportation.
Linda Vista is served by Metro Rapid line 780 and Metro Local lines 180, 181, and 256. The neighborhood is also served by Pasadena ARTS routes 51 and 52.
Government.
Linda Vista is part of City Council District 6, represented by Steve Madison.

</doc>
<doc id="18910125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910125" title="Wichita National Forest">
Wichita National Forest

Wichita National Forest was established as the Wichita Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in Oklahoma on July 4, 1901 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On November 27, 1936 the forest was abolished. 

</doc>
<doc id="18910140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910140" title="Tıxlı">
Tıxlı

Tıxlı (also, Takyali, Tykh, and Tykhly) is a village and municipality in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 546. The municipality consists of the villages of Tıxlı, Qars, Əngilan, and Təzəkənd.

</doc>
<doc id="18910145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910145" title="Bəyəhmədyurd">
Bəyəhmədyurd

Bəyəhmədyurd (also, Beyakhmedyurd and Beyakhmed-Yurdu) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Baxışlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18910147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910147" title="Alexis Gavrilopoulos">
Alexis Gavrilopoulos

Alexis Gavrilopoulos (born 12 July 1981 in Gastouni, Greece) is a football striker currently playing for Veria in Beta Ethniki.
He is considered to be one of the most powerful and physically gifted footballers in whole Greece, as his body composition and muscle built are truly impressive. He sands at and weights , and his muscle performance test results for the season 2006-2007, when he was playing with Larissa, were the best in Super League Greece.
However, his strong passion during the game caused him numerous injuries throughout his career, especially on his knees, as he always pushes himself to the limits.

</doc>
<doc id="18910148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910148" title="Xələc, Khizi">
Xələc, Khizi

Xələc (also, Xələnc, Khaladzh, and Khalandzh) is a village and municipality in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 322. 

</doc>
<doc id="18910151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910151" title="Güneyqışlaq">
Güneyqışlaq

Güneyqışlaq (also, Gyuneykyshlak, Gyuney-Kishlak, and Tyuneykishlakh) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Baxışlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18910152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910152" title="James W. Ames">
James W. Ames

James W. Ames (1864–1944) was an African-American physician.
Ames was educated at Straight University (later merged into Dillard University) in New Orleans, and then received a degree from Howard University. He had taught school in New Orleans as well.
Ames moved to Detroit in 1894. In the mid-1890s Ames was elected as a Republican to the Michigan House of Representatives with the endorsement of Hazen Pingree.
In 1918 he led a group of 30 African-American physicians who founded Dunbar Hospital in Detroit. This hospital was organized because no other hospital in the city would admit African-Americans at that time. The hospital was named in honor of Paul Laurence Dunbar who had written poetry in favor of Pingree (and thus indirectly in favor of Ames) back in the 1890s.
Ames also served as a trustee of the Phillis Wheatley Home for Aged Colored Ladies. His wife served as treasurer for this institution.
Ames also served as an inspector for the Board of Health of Detroit.

</doc>
<doc id="18910153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910153" title="Fındığan">
Fındığan

Fındığan (also, Fyndygan and Yukhary Fyndygan) is a village and municipality in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 405. 

</doc>
<doc id="18910156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910156" title="Agsiazan">
Agsiazan

Agsiazan (also, Agsiazan’ and Agsiyazan’) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18910159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910159" title="Dərə Zarat">
Dərə Zarat

Dərə Zarat (also, Dərəzarat, Derezarat, and Dere-Zorat) is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Beşdam.

</doc>
<doc id="18910160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910160" title="Çanaqçı, Khojaly">
Çanaqçı, Khojaly

Çanaqçı (), also spelled Chanakhchi and Chanakhchy) is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan. Since the Nagorno-Karabakh war the town has been administered by the "de facto" Nagorno-Karabakh Republic as part of Askeran Province.

</doc>
<doc id="18910162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910162" title="Silver Jubilee (Sex Pistols album)">
Silver Jubilee (Sex Pistols album)

Silver Jubilee is a compilation album by the Sex Pistols released in 2002. The album brings together eight demo recordings with four live tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18910163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910163" title="Francisco Llácer Pla">
Francisco Llácer Pla

Francisco Llácer Pla (Valencia, 1918 - Valencia, 2002) was a Spanish composer and choral conductor. He was one of the first Valencian composers who assimilated the postwar avantgarde approaches, combining it with lyricism and echoes of the Valencian folklore. Tomás Marco wrote: "Llácer Pla offers a new, suggestive vision of a form of musical nationalism from a new, progressive perspective". A professor at the Valencia Conservatory, several of his progressive works are based in his harmonic investigations, such as his concept of heptafonism and his theory of the "balanced chord", based on the double sense of the sonorous bodies' resonance.
On October 7, 2005 he was named Valencia's favorite son.

</doc>
<doc id="18910167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910167" title="Yuba Forest Reserve">
Yuba Forest Reserve

The Yuba Forest Reserve was established by the U.S. Forest Service in California on November 11, 1905 with . On September 17, 1906 the forest was combined with the Tahoe Forest Reserve and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18910171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910171" title="Qarabulaq, Khojaly">
Qarabulaq, Khojaly

Qarabulaq (also, Gharaboulagh, Gharabulagh, Karabulak, and Karabulakh) is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18910173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910173" title="Dəmirçilər, Khojali">
Dəmirçilər, Khojali

Dəmirçilər (also, Damirchilar and Demirchilyar) is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18910186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910186" title="RAF St Angelo">
RAF St Angelo

RAF St Angelo is a former Royal Air Force station during the Second World War, located near the village of Trory on the southern tip of Lower Lough Erne, north of Enniskillen, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland; also used by the Fleet Air Arm. The name St Angelo is believed to be taken from the nearby Bishop’s house (named after the saint), which was commandeered during the war as the Station Commander's residence; the name also became attached to the airfield.
The airfield was later renamed as St Angelo Barracks from the 1970s and utilised as an accommodation barracks and a centre of helicopter operations over the province, by the British Army and Ulster Defence Regiment during The Troubles in Northern Ireland.
The airfield remains in existence under civilian ownership, reduced to a single runway, with a range of private flying ventures but with no commercial airline services.
History.
Second World War.
Established in April 1941 as a satellite landing ground for RAF Aldergrove, RAF St Angelo opened on 15 September 1941 as a fighter sector station in its own right as home to No. 133 Squadron RAF operating Supermarine Spitfires and No. 134 Squadron RAF flying Hawker Hurricanes to intercept enemy reconnaissance aircraft off the west coast of Ireland and in the air defence role over Belfast.
After a perceived threat of German paratroopers landing on British airfields it is thought that RAF St Angelo was the very first RAF station to have its pill boxes installed with the gunports facing inwards towards the runways. 
St Angelo also acted as parent HQ for the satellite No. 131 Operational Training Unit based at RAF Killadeas. The third RAF station on the shores of Loch Erne was RAF Castle Archdale but St Angelo was the only station of the three that additionally had land-based runways.
In August 1943, the positions were reversed and St Angelo was designated as a subsidiary satellite airfield for No. 17 Group RAF Coastal Command which had established its headquarters at RAF Killadeas and commanded all Lough Erne flying boat squadrons. St Angelo became home to several squadrons of Consolidated PBY Catalina and Short Sunderland flying boats operating from Lough Erne. Later that year, Bristol Beaufighters of No. 235 Squadron RAF were based at St Angelo during anti-submarine patrols in the Irish Sea and over the Atlantic Ocean.
One successful mission from the base is described: 
"On 10 March 1944 Short Sunderland MKIII, RAF s/n EK591, aircraft "2-U" of No. 422 (General Reconnaissance) Squadron based at St Angelo, County Fermanagh, Ireland with Warrant Officer 2nd Class W.F Morton and crew, sank U-625 at 52-53N 20-19W. This was W/O Morton’s first operational mission as an aircraft commander" 
A small detachment of half a dozen or so US Naval aviators arrived in July 1943 and remained at St Angelo until the end of the war, on loan as instructors to the RAF pilots converting onto the American built Catalinas. The station also housed naval airmen of the Royal Navy's Fleet Air Arm who were on the nominal roster of HMS Pintail shore establishment and were resident until April 1946.
As the level of operations over Northern Ireland wound down in 1944 No. 12 (Operational) Flying Instructor School was established at both Killadeas and St Angelo in May of that year and remained until February 1945, when it was relocated to RAF Turnberry in Scotland.
Post war military use.
Between August 1945 and February 1947 St Angelo was home to No. 272 Maintenance Unit RAF and served as a storage and dismantling depot for mothballed Avro Ansons prior to their eventual sale or disposal. The station later became a centre of helicopter operations over Northern Ireland when St Angelo was transferred to the Army and used as an accommodation barracks by both the British Army and Ulster Defence Regiment during The Troubles in the province, with most personnel housed in temporary portacabins. The St Angelo facility came under mobile mortar fire attacks by the IRA on several occasions in the early 1980s and into the early 90's. On 15 February 1991 the IRA attempted to shoot down one of the St Angelo helicopters that was extracting men from the Duke of Edinburgh's Royal (Berkshire & Wiltshire) Regiment after a border patrol from St Angelo Barracks.
The military occupation of St Angelo, by first the RAF and later the army came to a close in March 1996 when the temporary accommodation buildings were demolished.
Current use.
St Angelo is privately owned and designated as an airport, but does not have any commercial airline services. Controversially this almost-complete Second World War airfield was destined to become listed as an historic monument in 2004, as it was considered by many to be the best preserved wartime RAF station in Northern Ireland, but the current landowners preempted the decision within days of the plans being announced, by demolishing most of the perimeter defences and historic wartime buildings.
The airport houses private aviation related businesses including amphibian aviation. The facility is subject to ongoing development and investment.
Other establishments of the same name.
RAF St Angelo is not to be confused with HMS St Angelo, the Second World War Fleet Air Arm shore establishment at Ta' Qali on Malta. The Royal Navy took over and renamed RAF Ta' Qali as HMS St Angelo when it operated flying boats after the Siege of Malta.

</doc>
<doc id="18910188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910188" title="HD 153201">
HD 153201

HD 153201 or CCDM 17011-5633 A is variable star of alpha2 CVn type.

</doc>
<doc id="18910202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910202" title="Japan National Route 494">
Japan National Route 494

National Route 494 is a, national highway of Japan with a total length of 120.7 km (74.83 mi). of Japan connecting between Matsuyama, Ehime and Susaki, Kōchi.

</doc>
<doc id="18910203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910203" title="Anna Gerasimou">
Anna Gerasimou

Anna Gerasimou (born October 15, 1987) is a Greek tennis player. When she was young, she moved from Kavala, Greece to Athens, Greece in order to pursue a career in tennis. She competed in the women's doubles at the 2008 Summer Olympics with partner Eleni Daniilidou, and lost in the first round to the Swiss team of Emmanuelle Gagliardi and Patty Schnyder. She is coached by George Kalovelonis. Her highest career singles ranking is 200, which she achieved on March 9, 2009. She has qualified for a WTA main draw twice, both in 2010, in Pattaya City, Thailand, and in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. She also has one WTA doubles main draw appearance, in Pattaya City in 2010, where she reached the quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="18910211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910211" title="Chris Burns (Canadian football)">
Chris Burns (Canadian football)

Chris Burns (born December 12, 1972 in Greenwich, Connecticut) is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who played eleven seasons in the Canadian Football League for five different teams. He was named CFL East All-Star in 1999 and 2000, and was a part of one Grey Cup championship team with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in 1999. Burns an All-American Offensive Tackle college football at Portland State University. 

</doc>
<doc id="18910215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910215" title="A. H. Parker High School">
A. H. Parker High School

A.H. Parker High School is a public high school located in Birmingham, Alabama. The school educates over 1,000 students in grades 9 to 12 in the Birmingham City Schools district. 
As of 2013 the principal is Darrell Hudson.

</doc>
<doc id="18910230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910230" title="Lower Arroyo, Pasadena, California">
Lower Arroyo, Pasadena, California

Lower Arroyo is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California, centered around the Arroyo Seco south of Brookside Park. It is bordered by Holly Street to the north, Columbia Street to the south, San Rafael Avenue to the west, and Orange Grove Boulevard to the east.
Landmarks.
Lower Arroyo's most notable landmark is the Colorado Street Bridge over the Arroyo Seco. The neighborhood also houses the headquarters of the United States 9th Circuit Court of Appeals.
The area at the floor of the Arroyo Seco, along both sides of the flood control channel (between Arroyo Blvd. on the east and San Rafael Ave. on the west, from the Colorado Street bridge to the South Pasadena border) is known locally as Lower Arroyo Park, and identified as such by a sign posted at the entrance near the intersection of Arroyo and Norwood Street. The City of Pasadena's website identifies it only as "Lower Arroyo Seco." The park, which covers about 150 acres, includes several miles of hiking trails.
Features of the Lower Arroyo:
Fly casting pond and clubhouse
Archery range
Multi-use trails (hiking, dog-walking, jogging)
The La Casita del Arroyo community center
The Aids Memorial Grove
Bird Sanctuary
Education.
Lower Arroyo is served by San Rafael and Cleveland Elementary Schools, Blair Middle School, and Blair High School. Mayfield Senior High School is a private school in the area.
Transportation.
Lower Arroyo is served by Metro Rapid line 780, and Metro Local lines 180, 181, and 256; as well as Pasadena ARTS route 70, though none of these routes comes closer than about a mile from the Lower Arroyo.
Government.
Lower Arroyo, from Colorado Blvd. to the city's southern border, is contained within District 6, represented by Steve Madison. North of Colorado, the western side is in District 6 and the eastern side is in District 1, represented by Jacque Robinson. 

</doc>
<doc id="18910244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910244" title="Children's Institute Inc.">
Children's Institute Inc.

Children's Institute International (CII) is an anti-child–abuse organization in Los Angeles that was started in 1950 as "The Colleagues" to raise funds for Big Brothers Big Sisters. The organization played a role in the McMartin preschool trial, interviewing children suspected of being abused using methods that were at the time completely new, and proved to be controversial.
McMartin preschool trial.
CII played a major role in the McMartin preschool trial, one of the first and certainly largest criminal trial that was part of the day care sex abuse hysteria and satanic ritual abuse moral panic. Before the trial, CII investigated primarily physical abuse, with a small section that conducted infrequent medical examinations and interviews with children involved in child sexual abuse allegations. Kee MacFarlane, an employee at the center, had the idea to use hand puppets and anatomically correct dolls during interviews with children, believing they would aid disclosure and therapeutic recovery. The initial interviews were taped, and later the sections of the tape in which the children actually made disclosures were shown to parents to convince them their children had been abused. The agency ultimately interviewed more than 350 children who were involved in the trial, using techniques that, when tested, were found to be superior to simple suggestion in causing children to make false allegations. CII also received $350,000 in state funding in 1985, becoming the first publicly funded training center for the diagnosis and treatment of child abuse. Kee MacFarlane was criticized for her relationship with Wayne Satz, the KABC-TV reporter who first disclosed the accusations against the McMartins.

</doc>
<doc id="18910247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910247" title="Tom Johnson (baseball, born 1951)">
Tom Johnson (baseball, born 1951)

Thomas Raymond Johnson (born April 2, 1951 in Saint Paul, Minnesota) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played five seasons in the majors, from until for the Minnesota Twins. He pitched in 129 games during his career, all but one as a reliever.
Johnson was signed as an undrafted free agent in . After four years in the Twins' minor league system, he made his major league debut on September 10, 1974. Johnson racked up twenty-three wins as a starter, then later a closer, over five years with the Twins, including sixteen in .
After the season, Johnson was released, and signed a year later by the Chicago White Sox. He became a starter for the White Sox triple-A affiliate in Glens Falls, but was largely unsuccessful. After the season, Johnson retired at the age of twenty-nine.

</doc>
<doc id="18910270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910270" title="Foo Choo Choon">
Foo Choo Choon

Foo Choo Choon 胡子春 (b. 30 July 1860; d. 27 Mar 1921), a Hakka tin miner, revenue farmer and businessman from Penang and Perak was, in his time, said to have been the richest Chinaman in the world.
He was called the "Tin King" and 'the Carnagie of the Orient'. Although his own father was born in Penang, Foo Choo Choon was born in Yongding, in the Fujian province. At thirteen years of age he accompanied his father, Foo Yu Chio, to Malaya where he studied at Penang and worked his uncle's mines in Perak. A 1908 profile reads:
"Mr. Foo Choo Choon, proprietor of the Tronoh Mines, and a member of the Perak State Council has had a remarkable career. he is a scion of an ancient family, whose ancestral home is in Choong hang, Eng Teng, Hokien, near Kwantung. His grandfather emigrated to Pinang many years ago and was one of the pioneers of the northern settlement. His father was born in Pinang, but spent most of his life in China. Mr Foo Choo Choon was born on July 30, 1860, and at the age of thirteen came to Pinang to be educated. Afterwards he entered the employment of an uncle who had extensive mining rights at Taiping, and a few years later commenced business on his own account. Subsequently he removed to Kinta, and settling down at Lahat, was soon employing several thousand workmen. Ill-health necessitated a visit to China, and on returning to the Federated Malay States he became connected to the Tronoh Mines owing to the owners abandoning their workings. He visited and examined the place thoroughly, and subsequently obtained a sublease of the land, upon which he decided to install extensive modern plant. Although this decision was not entertained favourably in many quarters, the results achieved have since testified to the wisdom of the proprietor. Mr. Foo Choo Choon's acquisition of wealth has been accompanied by many acts. On returning to China during a famine he built and supplied several public granaries, established schools in his native district, and directed that the revenue of his property there should be used in assisting the poorer scholars. His generosity during the Shantung famine was the means in bringing him to the notice of the Chinese Government, and he received the honorary title of magistrate, with the additional privilege of wearing peacock feathers. Further acts of generosity raised him to the rank of Taotai, and finally, to that of Commissioner of the Salt Revenue. In the Federated Malay States he has been recognised always as one of the most advanced Chinese in educational reform and towards the movement he has contributed largely by instituting and maintaining many Chinese and English schools. Mr. Foo Choo Choon is a naturalised British subject, and is a Fellow of the Society of Arts of England. In addition to the Tronoh Mines, he is proprietor of the Selangor, Sungei Besi, and other mines, is a director of the Kledang Mines, Ltd., The Ipoh Foundry, Ltd., and of the Tanglin Rubber Syndicate, besides owning several estates. He employs some 10,000 coolies. He has always associated himself with public affairs in the Federated Malay States. He is president for the Straits Settlements and the Federated Malay States of the Chinese Board of Education; of the Pinang Anti-Opium Society; and of the Chinese Widows and Orphans' Association, Ipoh. Mr. Foo Choo Choon is also a member of the State Council of Perak and of the Chinese Advisory Board for that State. He founded the Perak Mining and Planting Association, the Chinese Maternity Hospital and the Chinese Girls' School at Ipoh, and the Mandarin School at Lahat. He is a member of the committee of King Edward VII School, Taiping, and is a patron in the Perak Anti-Opium Society. In 1906, H. I. M. the Emperor of China, by special command, ordered the ex-Viceroy Shum of Canton to confer on Mr. Foo Choo Choon the Order of Merit for his services to his country, and this decoration, together with a gold medal, was sent from China and presented by a special envoy. Mr. Cheah Cheang Lim, his cousin, is Mr. Foo Choo Choon's attorney, and since 1894, has managed his business affairs in the native states."
He sat on the Board of Directors of the Eastern Shipping Company, Ltd. - one of nine joint-stock companies registered in Penang in 1907 - whose members also included the Khaw family, Quah Beng Kee (b. 1872), and Cheah Choo Yew.
In the late 1880s, he sublet land originally granted to Chung Keng Quee, father of Chung Thye Phin. This, one of his first ventures, was the Tronoh Mine, which he then floated. 
"One of the biggest mining ventures in Malaya has been successfully floated in London. A company has been formed to work the land at Tronoh owned by Foo Choo Choon. The company was registered under the name of Tronoh Mines, Ltd., on December 4th. The Capital is £160,000 and the working capital £20,000. The property was examined and reported on by Mr Frederick Wickett M. I. M. E. of Ipoh, and now Manager of the Kinta Tin Mines, Ltd., who has been appointed Manager of the Tronoh Mines, Ltd., and will probably take over at the end of the year. The property will be fully equipped with modern mining machinery and promises to be the largest and the best paying property in the East. The property was very much over-subscribed, 2,000 shares only were reserved for local applications -- Penang Gazette"
In 1904 he opened one of the largest opencast mines in the country, worked by Sungei Besi Mines Ltd, previously owned by Kapitan China Yap Kwan Seng. He had a mine in Southern Thailand, known as Tongkah. In 1935 with Choo Kia Peng as partner Foo established Tong Hin Company.
He once hosted the geologist Richard Alexander Fullerton Penrose, Jr., better known as R.A.F. Penrose as Penrose notes in his letters.
Foo Choo Choon and partner Loke Yew defrayed the total cost of the Anglo Chinese School, Ipoh, in 1904. Rev W. E. Horley, founder of the Anglo Chinese School Ipoh, said of him, "In 1905, Mr. Foo Choo Choon, one of the most enlightened Chinese towkays in Malaya, built the present Primary Hall and presented it as a gift to the School. I have never met a finer type of a Chinese gentleman than he and it was mainly due to his and Mr. Cheah Chiang Lim's exertions that a monster petition was presented to the Government asking for the suppression of licensed gambling houses." When due to an increase in student enrolment, Rev. Pykett wanted to expand the Anglo Chinese School, Penang, Foo Choo Choon, together with two other benefactors donated $6,000 for the purchase of a site at Maxwell Road on April 16, 1895 (See History of Methodist Boy's School). To that school also he endowed a well selected library. Together with Cheong Fatt Tze and Leong Fee, he founded the Chung Hua School, Penang. 
On 9 September 1906, he was made a president of the Penang Chinese Town Hall. In 1913 he was elected as a president of Perak Chinese Chamber of Commerce in and appointed to both the Perak State Council and Perak Chinese Advisory Board.
He was very well connected through his business networks, his seats on social, commercial and political councils and bodies. Through marriage he was connected to Chung Keng Quee and Chung Thye Phin, fellow tin magnates and revenue farmers.

</doc>
<doc id="18910286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910286" title="Alain Mabanckou">
Alain Mabanckou

Alain Mabanckou (born 24 February 1966) is a novelist, journalist, poet, and academic, a French citizen born in the Republic of the Congo, he is currently a Professor of Literature in the United States. He is best known for his novels and non-fiction writing depicting the experience of contemporary Africa and the African diaspora in France. He is among the best known and most successful writers in the French language and one of the best known African writers in France. He is also controversial, and criticized by some African and diaspora writers for pointing out the responsibility of Africans on their own misfortune.
Life.
Alain Mabanckou was born in Congo-Brazzaville in 1966. He spent his childhood in the coastal city of Pointe-Noire where he received his baccalaureate in Letters and Philosophy at the Lycée Karl Marx. After preliminary law classes at The Marien Ngouabi University in Brazzaville, he received a scholarship to go to France at the age of 22. He already had several manuscripts to his name, mostly collections of poems, which he began publishing three years later.
After receiving a post-graduate Diploma in Law from the Université Paris-Dauphine, he worked for about ten years for the group Suez-Lyonnaise des Eaux.
Writing.
Mabanckou dedicated himself increasingly to writing after the publication of his first novel, "Bleu-Blanc-Rouge" ("Blue-White-Red"), which won him the "Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire" in 1999. Since then he has continued to regularly publish prose and well as poetry. His "African Psycho, Le Serpent à Plumes" (2003) is a novel written from the point of view of Gregoire Nakobomayo, a fictional African serial killer.
Mabanckou is best known for his fiction, notably "Verre Cassé" ("Broken Glass"), a comic novel centered on a Congolese former teacher and life in the bar he now frequents. "Verre cassé" has also been the subject of several theatrical adaptations. It was published as "Broken Glass", in English translation in 2009.
In 2006 he published "Memoires de porc-épic" ("Memoirs of a Porcupine"), which garnered the "Prix Renaudot", one of the highest distinctions in French literature. The book is a magic realism-inspired reworking of a folk tale into a psychological portrait of a young Congolese man's descent into violence. 
In 2007, Mabanckou’s early poetry was re-published by Points-Seuil under the title "Tant que les arbres s’enracineront dans la terre", as well as a biography of James Baldwin, "Lettre à Jimmy" (Fayard), on the twentieth anniversary of Baldwin’s death.
His 2009 novel, "Black Bazar", is a dark comic story set in Jip's, a Paris Afro-Cuban bar once frequented by Mabanckou, portraying the lives of characters from the various African diasporas of France.
Mabanckou's work has been published in fifteen languages. "African Psycho" (2007), "Broken Glass" (2009), "Memoirs of a Porcupine" (2011) and "Black Baazar" (2012) have been translated into English.
Academic.
In 2002, Mabanckou went to teach Francophone Literature at the University of Michigan as an Assistant Professor. After three years there he was hired in 2006 by the University of California Los Angeles, where he is now a full Professor in the French Department. He currently lives in Santa Monica, California.
External links.
Official Website :

</doc>
<doc id="18910307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910307" title="Midianite pottery">
Midianite pottery

Midianite pottery, also known as “Qurayya ware” is a ware type found in the Hejaz (northwestern Saudi Arabia), southern and central Jordan, southern Israel and the Sinai, generally dated to the 13th-12th centuries BCE, although later dates are also possible. It was discovered during the 1930s by Nelson Glueck in his surveys in southern Jordan and his excavations at Tell el-Kheleifeh in the southern Arabah valley. Glueck identified these wares as Iron Age II Edomite pottery. During his surveys and excavations in the Arabah in the late 1950s and 1960s, Beno Rothenberg found similar decorated wares; and after the discovery at Timna valley of the several Egyptian findings belonging to the 19th and 20th Dynasties, Rothenberg dated this pottery to the 13th-12th centuries BC. Petrographic studies carried out on some of the Timna wares led to the conclusion that they originated in the Hejaz, most probably in the site of Qurayya. Midianite bowls bear some resemblance in form with the Iron Age Negevite pottery bowls.

</doc>
<doc id="18910311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910311" title="Japanese Cuban">
Japanese Cuban

Japanese Cubans are Cuban people of Japanese descent.
History.
The group of Japanese Cubans are called Nikkei. The start of Japanese immigration to Cuba was when there was a noteworthy "peak" in immigration. In 1915, it was estimated that there were fewer than 60 Japanese living in Cuba. They established an agricultural society in Carmelina. Later in 1916, 262 Japanese arrived. Most decided to get a job by harvesting cane. But the conditions were very hard for the Japanese, and some returned to Japan. Some made it to the Isle of Youth, where some families established fruit and vegetable farms. In 1926, immigration to Cuba slowed down. 
On December 9, 1941, after Japan attacked Pearl Harbor, President Batista declared war on Japan, along with its fascist allies, Germany and Italy. A few days later, on December 12, all Japanese descendants living in Cuba were declared "enemy aliens". Most Japanese Cubans were seized. There was also 114 Germans, and 13 Italians. As of 1943 a total of about 1,200 Japanese had immigrated to Cuba, including about 200 Okinawans. Later, over 6,000 Germans, Italians, or Japanese ancestry were deported to the United States. Some found new jobs when they arrived. Some worked as cooks, servants, and other forms of support. The prisoners were not released when the war ended. The last group was released on March 1946; over six months after Japan surrendered. After World War II, some left for Japan. Friendship between the two countries provided women to build a new community. During the 1959 revolution, and the Cuban revolution, more nikkei left for Japan.
Today it is estimated that 1,100 Japanese descendants live in Cuba; they make up 0.01% of the population. In 2008, the Japanese government conferred the Order of the Rising Sun with gold and silver rays on Francisco Shinichi Miyasaka Machida in recognition of his contribution to the welfare of the descendants of Japanese emigrants in Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="18910316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910316" title="List of communities in Halifax Regional Municipality">
List of communities in Halifax Regional Municipality

List of communities in the Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia
Communities are ordered by the highway upon which they are located. All routes start with the terminus located near the largest community.

</doc>
<doc id="18910342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910342" title="Habel of Kaipetta">
Habel of Kaipetta

St. Habel of Kaipetta (May 5, 1816 – August 18, 1899) was a convert from Hinduism to Christianity, the first convert from the Chera Dynasty of Kerala.
Habel was born in Kaipatta Village, near Tiruvalla. Following Baptism, he learned theology from Europeans and traveled far and wide establishing congregations and churches and spreading the Gospel of Christ to thousands of people who took Baptisms and joined the Church. People revered him as a Saint.
Habel died at the age of 84 on August 18, 1899. Bishop Edward Noel Hodges attended his funeral. On September 6, 2003, Archbishop Stephen Vattappara of the Anglican Church of India declared him as a Saint. A church in the Village of Kaipatta is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18910359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910359" title="2003 Florida Atlantic Owls football team">
2003 Florida Atlantic Owls football team

The 2003 Florida Atlantic University Owls football team represented Florida Atlantic University in the 2003 college football season. The team was coached by Howard Schnellenberger and played their home games at Lockhart Stadium in Ft. Lauderdale, FL. The Owls competed in the NCAA's Division I-AA as an independent.

</doc>
<doc id="18910360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910360" title="Madison Heights, Pasadena, California">
Madison Heights, Pasadena, California

Madison Heights is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by California Boulevard to the north; Lake Avenue, Arden Road, Oak Knoll Avenue, Oak Knoll Circle, and El Molino Avenue to the east; Allendale, Los Robles Avenue, and South Pasadena to the south, and Marengo Avenue to the west.
Education.
Madison Heights is home to Rose City High School, Pasadena's continuation high school. The neighborhood is served by McKinley and Hamilton Elementary Schools, McKinley and Blair Middle Schools, and Blair High School.
Transportation.
Madison Heights is served by Metro Local lines 177 and 267, as well as Pasadena ARTS route 20.
Government.
Madison Heights is split between City Council District 6, represented by Steve Madison, and District 7, represented by Sid Tyler.

</doc>
<doc id="18910374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910374" title="Lawrence D. Reddick">
Lawrence D. Reddick

Lawrence D. Reddick (1910-1995) was an African American historian. He worked as a professor at Dillard University. Reddick was also a professor at Alabama State College and Kentucky State College. He also taught at Temple University and was the second curator of the Schomburg Collection of Negro Literature at the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture.
Biography.
Born in 1910, Reddick studied at Fisk University, and received his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 1939. He became well-respected as a historian and a university professor, and was a frequent contributor to the black educational journals of his day. He had expertise in what would today be called media criticism, especially the effect of radio, movies, and popular culture on public perceptions of Negroes (for example, his study of movies and radio, “Educational Programs for the Improvement of Race Relations.” "Journal of Negro Education", Volume 13, #3 (Summer 1944), pp. 367–389).
Reddick was one of the supervisors of a 1930s program to gather remembrances for African-Americans who had been born in slavery. He also wrote a biography of Martin Luther King, Jr. that was published in 1958. In addition to being an author, educator and historian, he became a library curator, managing the Schomburg Collection of Negro Literature at the New York Public Library. He died on 2 August 1995 in New Orleans at age 85 [http://magazine.uchicago.edu/9512/9512BOBDeaths.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18910401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910401" title="David Ambrose">
David Ambrose

David Ambrose (born 1943) is a British novelist and screenwriter whose credits include at least 20 Hollywood films, 3 stage plays, and countless hours of television, including the controversial Alternative 3. He was born in Chorley, England and attended Blackburn Grammar School and Merton College, Oxford. He is married to artist Laurence Ambrose and lives in Switzerland.
His screenplay for "The Survivor" (directed by David Hemmings) won the Best Script award at the International Film Festival of Catalonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18910414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910414" title="DWCD-FM">
DWCD-FM

97.9 Crusaders FM was an FM station owned and operated by Crusaders Broadcasting System. Its radio transmitter and studios were located at Shaw Boulevard, Mandaluyong City fron 1986 to 1995 and on 209 E. dela Paz, Mandaluyong City since 1995. The frequency is now owned by Aliw Broadcasting Corporation since 2000, until 2014.
History.
Four years after the launch of DWAD, 97.9 Crusaders FM broadcast since 1986 playing pop, mellow and Christian music, It had temporary permits in 1994 and then in 1996.
In 1997, the station ceased operations because the Broadcast Service Division of the NTC recommended the cancellation and revocation of the permit of Crusaders due to a case filed by ConAmor Broadcasting Systems. In August 1997, 97.9 FM was acquired by Aliw Broadcasting Corporation and began test broadcasts.
In September 1997, there was a trial court. The Commission believes and so holds that respondent’s request for renewal of its temporary permit to operate 97.9 Cusaders FM should be, as it is, hereby DENIED. Therefore, 97.9 Cusaders FM has withdrawn and inactive until today, as Aliw Broadcasting Corporation began operations of 97dot9 Home Radio in 2000, until 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18910422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910422" title="2002 Florida Atlantic Owls football team">
2002 Florida Atlantic Owls football team

The 2002 Florida Atlantic University Owls football team represented Florida Atlantic University in the 2002 NCAA Division I-AA football season. The team was coached by Howard Schnellenberger and played their home games at Pro Player Stadium in Miami Gardens, FL. The Owls competed in the NCAA's Division I-AA as an independent. 

</doc>
<doc id="18910424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910424" title="Liliane Ferrarezi">
Liliane Ferrarezi

Liliane Ferrarezi (born 26 June 1988) is a Brazilian model who came to national attention in 2002, when she was the winner out of 350,000 entrants competing in the Brazilian round of the Supermodel of the World contest. Representing Brazil in the 2002 world final, held in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, she finished as the runner-up out of forty-five contestants. Since then, she has modelled for designer labels including Balenciaga, Calvin Klein, and Marc Jacobs and been photographed for the campaigns of Burberry and Gap. Her magazine covers include French and Italian editions of "Vogue". She also appeared in a television commercial for "Echo Women" by Davidoff.
Ferrarezi has worked for the agencies Beatrice of Milan, Ford Models of Sao Paulo, and Models 1 of London.

</doc>
<doc id="18910439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910439" title="Temple of Agriculture">
Temple of Agriculture

Temple of Agriculture () or Altar of Agriculture is a historic site in Xuanwu District of Beijing, China, and located near the Temple of Heaven.
History.
The Temple of Agriculture was built in the 15th century. It was used by Ming and Qing emperors to perform sacrifices.
The temple's Jufu Hall was included in the 1998 World Monuments Watch by the World Monuments Fund (WMF) when it was in danger of collapse, and again in 2000 along with the rest of the temple. In 1998, American Express provided funding through WMF for the restoration of the structure. Other structures on the site were subsequently restored, and the work included stabilization, wood treatment, repair and conservation of the tiles, and consolidation and preservation of the painted decoration. Today, the site has the status of Major Site Protected at the National Level of China.

</doc>
