<doc id="19043821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043821" title="1993 child sexual abuse accusations against Michael Jackson">
1993 child sexual abuse accusations against Michael Jackson

In the summer of 1993, Evan Chandler accused Michael Jackson of sexually abusing his 13-year-old son, Jordan. The relationship between Jackson and Evan had begun in May 1992; Chandler initially welcomed and encouraged the friendship, and bragged about his connection to a celebrity. The friendship became well known as the tabloid media reported that Jackson became a member of the Chandler family.
In June 1993, Chandler confronted his ex-wife June, who had custody of Jordan, with suspicions that their son had been in an inappropriate relationship with Jackson but June dismissed his worries. According to several sources, Chandler threatened to go public with the evidence he claimed he had on Jackson, who asked his lawyer Bert Fields to intervene. Chandler's lawyer, Barry K. Rothman, called psychiatrist Mathis Abrams and reported a hypothetical situation of sexual molestation mirroring what his son had alleged.
Without meeting Jordan, Abrams then sent Rothman a letter on July 15 stating there was "reasonable suspicion" of sexual abuse and if it had been a real case, he would be required by law to contact the Los Angeles County Department of Children's Services (DCS). On August 4, Chandler and Jordan met with Jackson and Anthony Pellicano, Jackson's private investigator, and Chandler read out Abrams' letter. He then opened negotiations to resolve the issue with a financial settlement. On August 16, three days after Chandler and Rothman had rejected a $350,000 offer from Jackson's camp, June's attorney notified Rothman that he would be filing papers next morning to force Chandler to return Jordan to allow him to go on the Asian leg of Jackson's Dangerous World Tour.
On the day Jackson began the third leg of his tour, news of the allegations broke to the public and received worldwide media attention. Jackson ultimately cancelled the remainder of the tour due to health problems arising from the scandal. In January 1994 Jackson reached a financial settlement with the Chandlers to resolve the matter and in September a criminal investigation was closed due to lack of evidence. Five months after Jackson's death, Evan Chandler committed suicide on November 5, 2009, in his apartment in Jersey City, New Jersey.
Friendship, tape recording, allegations and negotiations.
By the summer of 1993, it was revealed that Jackson had children sleep over in his bed with him at his Neverland ranch, a fact which came under much media scrutiny when child sexual abuse allegations were brought against him. Jackson became firm friends with Jordan Chandler and his family after a meeting in May 1992, as he was a fan of Jackson. Their friendship became so close that the "National Enquirer" ran a featured story with the title "Michael's New Adopted Family", which implied that Jackson had "stolen" the boy from his estranged father, Evan Chandler, a dentist, who was admittedly jealous over Jackson's influence on his son. According to celebrity biographer, J. Randy Taraborrelli, Chandler asked, "Look, are you having sex with my son?" and after Jackson denied doing so, Chandler's opinion of Jackson changed. Jackson invited Jordan, his stepsister and his mother to visit Neverland on the weekends and they would also take trips to Las Vegas and Florida. These weekend trips began to interfere with Jordan's scheduled visits with his father, with Jordan preferring to visit Neverland. In May 1993, when Jackson and Jordan stayed with Chandler, he urged Jackson to spend more time with his son at his house and even suggested that Jackson build an addition onto the house so that Jackson could stay there. After the zoning department told Chandler it could not be done, he suggested that Jackson just build him a new home. That same month, Jordan and June flew with Jackson to Monaco for the "World Music Awards". According to June's lawyer, Michael Freeman, “Evan began to get jealous of the involvement and felt left out.” Upon their return, Chandler was pleased with a five-day visit from Jackson, during which Jackson slept in a room with Jordan and his stepbrother. Chandler claimed this was when his suspicions of sexual misconduct by Jackson began, although he admitted that Jackson and Jordan always had their clothes on when he saw them in bed together and has never claimed to have witnessed any sexual misconduct between the two.
On July 2, 1993, in a private telephone conversation, Chandler was tape-recorded as saying, In the same conversation, when asked how this would affect his son, Chandler replied, 
The recorded conversation was a critical aspect of Jackson's defense against the upcoming allegation made against him. He and his supporters argue that he was the victim of a jealous father whose only goal was to extort money from the singer. In October 1994, Mary A. Fischer of "GQ" magazine reported it was Evan Chandler who initially accused Jackson of molesting his son, before he demanded a screenwriting deal from Jackson instead of going to the police.
According to Taraborrelli, Chandler was forced to admit the controversial sedative sodium amytal was used when he extracted a tooth from Jordan in early August. On May 3, 1994, KCBS-TV news reported that Chandler claimed the drug was used for tooth extraction and that the allegations came out while Jordan was under the influence of the drug. Mark Torbiner, the dental anesthesiologist who administered the drug, told "GQ" if sodium amytal was used, "it was for dental purposes." Sodium amytal is a barbiturate that puts people in a hypnotic state when injected intravenously. Studies done in 1952 debunked the drug as a truth serum and demonstrated it enabled false memories to be easily implanted.
Dr. Phillip Resnick, a noted Cleveland psychiatrist said it was a "a psychiatric medication" and "People will say things under sodium amytal that are blatantly untrue." In mid-May 1994 in Napa County, California, Gary Ramona won his lawsuit against his daughter's therapist and the psychiatrist who had given her sodium amytal. The psychiatrist claimed the drug helped Ramona's daughter remember specific details of sexual molestation by Ramona, but a court brief written by Martin Orne, a University of Pennsylvania psychiatrist who pioneered research of hypnosis and sodium amytal, stated that the drug is "not useful in ascertaining 'truth' . . . The patient becomes sensitive and receptive to suggestions due to the context and to the comments of the interviewers." This was the first successful legal challenge to the “repressed memory phenomenon". Dr. Kenneth Gottlieb, a San Francisco psychiatrist said, “It’s absolutely a psychiatric drug...I would never want to use a drug that tampers with a person’s unconscious unless there was no other drug available. And I would not use it without resuscitating equipment, in case of allergic reaction, and only with an M.D. anesthesiologist present.” According to Dr. John Yagiela, coordinator of the anesthesia and pain control department of UCLA’s school of dentistry, “It’s unusual for it to be used pulling a tooth" and "better, safer alternatives are available."
According to Diane Dimond of "Hard Copy", Torbiner's records show that Robinul and Vistarol was administered instead of sodium amytal. The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration was investigating Torbiner's administration of drugs in house calls, where he mostly gave patients morphine and Demerol. His credentials with the Board of Dental Examiners indicated that he was restricted by law to administering drugs solely for dental-related procedures, but he had not adhered to those restrictions. For instance, he had given general anesthetic to Barry Rothman during hair-transplant procedures. Torbiner had introduced Chandler and Rothman in 1991, when Rothman needed dental work.
Over the next couple of months both parties engaged in unsuccessful (out of court) financial negotiations, with Chandler and his legal team asking for $20 million, or the issue would be taken to criminal court. Jackson declined the offer, saying, "No way in Hell". A few weeks later, Jackson's legal team gave a counter-offer to the value of $1 million, which was declined by Chandler. Pellicano said he made the offers he said in an attempt to catch the Chandler's negotiating and tape recorded one of the telephone calls to Rothman to demonstrate this. The father then lowered his request to $15 million; Jackson rejected this and lowered his original counter-offer to $350,000. With both sides unable to reach an agreement, Chandler decided he would take it to court. Chandler then took his son to see a psychiatrist called Dr. Mathis Abrams, and during the three-hour session with the doctor, Jordan Chandler said he had had a sexual relationship with Jackson that went on for several months, and which included incidents of kissing, masturbation and oral sex. He then repeated these allegations to police and gave a detailed description of what he alleged was Jackson's penis.
Allegations made public, investigation and La Toya Jackson.
On August 18, the Los Angeles Police Department's Sexually Exploited Child Unit began a criminal investigation on Jackson. The same day, Jordan Chandler's mother told police that she did not believe Jackson had molested her son. On August 21, a search warrant was issued, allowing police to search Jackson's Neverland Ranch. Police questioned 30 children who were friends of Jackson, with all denying that the singer was a child molester. A police officer involved in the investigation told "The Los Angeles Times" that no evidence (medical, photographic or video) could be found that would support a criminal filing. The same day the allegations were made public, Jackson began the third leg of his Dangerous World Tour in Bangkok. On August 24, Jackson's investigator held a press conference accusing Chandler of trying to extort $20 million from the singer, although the investigator failed to mention that Jackson had given several counter-offers. On August 25, Jackson's young friends Brett Barnes and Wade Robson held a press conference in which they stated that they had slept in the same bed as Jackson, but nothing sexual in nature had occurred. Jackson's family soon held a press conference of their own to show support, saying it was their "unequivocal belief" that Michael had been made a victim of a cruel and obvious attempt to take advantage of his fame and wealth." The police then began an investigation into Evan Chandler's prior actions and found that he was $68,400 behind in his child support payments, even though he was well-paid as a dentist. On November 8, police searched the Jackson family home, Hayvenhurst, but found nothing of importance to add to their investigation.
In the winter of 1993, despite not seeing or speaking to Jackson for a number of years, La Toya Jackson claimed that her brother was a pedophile and that she had proof, which she was prepared to disclose for a fee of $500,000. A bidding war between US and UK tabloids began, but fell through when they realized that her revelations were not what she had claimed them to be. Then in Israel, she stated, "I cannot and will not be a silent collaborator in his crimes against young children ... Forget about the superstar, forget about the icon. If he was any other 35-year-old man who was sleeping with little boys, you wouldn't like this guy". She also claimed that checks had been made out to several boys and that Jackson's own physical abuse as a child had turned him into an abuser. She would later claim that Jackson had tried to kidnap and kill her. The rest of the family disowned her, and in subsequent years she would insist that she was forced to make the allegations by her then husband for financial gain. Just prior to making the allegations, her husband was arrested for striking her in the face, arms and legs with a chair. By the turn of the millennium Jackson had forgiven his sister.
Lisa Marie Presley, health concerns, rehabilitation and Elizabeth Taylor.
Jackson first met Lisa Marie Presley (and Elvis Presley) in 1974, during a Jackson 5 engagement at the MGM Grand. In November 1992, Jackson was reconnected with Presley through a mutual friend, staying in contact almost every day by telephone. As the child sexual abuse accusations became public, he became dependent on Presley for emotional support; she was concerned about his faltering health and his addiction to drugs. She explained, "I believed he didn't do anything wrong and that he was wrongly accused and yes I started falling for him. I wanted to save him. I felt that I could do it." In one phone call he made to her, she described him as high, incoherent and delusional. He proposed to her over the phone towards the fall of 1993, saying, "If I asked you to marry me, would you do it?". The marriage was, in her words, "a married couple's life ... that was sexually active". They divorced fewer than two years later, remaining friendly.
Jackson had begun taking painkillers, Valium, Xanax and Ativan to deal with the stress of the allegations made against him. A few months after the allegations became news, he had lost approximately 10 pounds in weight and had stopped eating. According to Jackson, he had a tendency to stop eating when "really upset or hurt" and Elizabeth Taylor had to make him eat during this ordeal; "She took the spoon and would put it into my mouth." He said that he eventually became unconscious and had to be fed intravenously. In a court deposition unrelated to alleged child abuse, he was visibly drowsy, lacked concentration and repeatedly slurred while speaking. He could not remember the dates of his prior album releases or names of people he had worked with and took several minutes to name some of his recent albums. His health had deteriorated to the extent that he canceled the remainder of his tour and flew with Taylor and her husband to London. When Jackson arrived at the airport, he had to be held up; he was then rushed to the home of Elton John's manager and afterwards to a clinic, but when he was searched for drugs on entry, 18 vials of medicine were found in a suitcase. Jackson booked the whole fourth floor of the clinic, and was put on a Valium IV to wean him from painkillers. The singer's spokesperson told reporters that Jackson was "barely able to function adequately on an intellectual level". While in the clinic, he took part in group and one-on-one therapy sessions.
Strip search.
In December 1993, Jackson was served with a warrant for a strip search of his body, as police wanted to verify Jordan Chandler's description of Jackson's private anatomy. The order stated that officers were to examine, photograph and videotape Jackson's entire body, "including his penis, anus, hips, buttocks and any other part of his body". The warrant stated they were looking for discoloration or any other signs of vitiligo which he had previously spoken about, or any other skin disorder, and that refusal to comply would be used in court as an indication of guilt. The strip search took place on December 20, 1993 at Jackson's ranch. Those present for the prosecution were Santa Barbara District Attorney Tom Sneddon, a detective, a photographer and a doctor. Those present on behalf of Jackson were his two attorneys, a physician, a detective, a bodyguard and a photographer. The attorneys and Sneddon agreed to leave the room when the examination took place, and Jackson demanded that the prosecution detective should also leave, which he subsequently did. In an emotional state, Jackson stood on a platform in the middle of the room, took off all his clothes and the search lasted for approximately 25 minutes, although he was never physically touched. "Reuters" reported that a source informed them on January 27, 1994 that "photos of Michael Jackson’s genitalia do not match description given by the boy", which was reported in "USA Today" on January 28.
One inconsistency was an inaccurate claim that Jackson was circumcised. Jackson's autopsy report confirmed that he had not been circumcised and his foreskin appeared naturally intact and showed no signs of having been restored from a circumcision. Taraborrelli also wrote that Jordan correctly noted patchy colored skin on his buttocks, short pubic hair, and testicles marked pink and brown. On February 10, 1993, Jackson had revealed to "Oprah" that he had a skin disorder that destroyed skin pigmentation and left blotches on his skin, and that make-up was used to even out his skin. The live interview was watched by 90 million viewers and after it aired, expert information on vitiligo was widely shared in the media. According to private investigator Anthony Pellicano who questioned Jordan in July 1993 after hearing Evan's taped phone call, Jordan denied that he ever saw Jackson's body but said he did lift his shirt once to show him the blotches on his skin.
In addition to the claim of circumcision, a 1993 affidavit from Santa Barbara Sheriff's Office deputy Deborah Linden (filed to secure court permission to photograph Jackson's genitalia) also reported that Jordan claimed that Jackson's penis includes distinctive splotches "which is a light color similar to the color of his face." However, according to Sneddon in a 2005 memorandum in People v. Jackson, "The photographs reveal a mark on the right side of Defendant's penis at about the same relative location as the dark blemish located by Jordan Chandler on his drawing of Defendant's erect penis" and "Chandler's graphic representation of the discolored area on Defendant's penis is substantially corroborated by the photographs." Dr. Richard Strick who conducted the examination of Jackson's genitals claimed, "I was told later that the photos and description absolutely matched" Sergeant Gary Spiegel, the sheriff’s photographer, claims he observed a dark spot on the lower side of Jackson’s penis.
Sneddon ended his declaration with "I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct except for those statements made on information and belief, as to those statements, I believe them to be true."
The LAPD were also assisting the Santa Barbara Police Department in the investigation into the '93 molestation accusations. The lead investigator was Bill Dworin, who worked there between 1976 - 99. He was one of very few people who saw Jordan Chandler's description of Michael Jackson's genitalia and the photos to go with it. He confirmed in a 2005 television documentary which was called "Michael Jackson's Boys" that Jordan Chandler's description cooperated with the photos taken of Michael Jackson's genitalia. He went on to say "He described Jackson's genitalia, it was unique because of the discoloration. And then we obtained a search warrant to photograph Jackson to cooperate, what the child had said. When photographing Jackson's genitalia, it did corroborate. In other words, the boy saw Jackson naked, does that mean Jackson molested the child? No, but it adds to the credibility of the child".
However, this is inconsistent with both the original claims by Jordan Chandler himself, which claimed the blemish was "light" and similar to the "color of face" with a cow pattern. DA Sneddon later claimed the blemish was "dark" rather than "light" This is also inconsistent with the opinion of the 1994 Grand Juries who claimed Jordan's description did not match. Days before the civil trial began, the Chandlers' lawyer Larry Feldman suddenly asked the judge to bar the photos of Jackson's genitals unless Jackson agreed to a second strip search and to allow Feldman to see the photos, a request which the judge denied.
By January 1, 1994, the Santa Barbara and Los Angeles grand juries found that Jordan's allegations could not be corroborated by any evidence. A week after the settlement of the Chandler's lawsuit was announced on January 25, 1994, L.A. District Attorney Gil Garcetti announced he supported amending a law that prohibits forcing people who say they have been sexually assaulted to testify in criminal proceedings. The amendment introduced into the state assembly the week of February 7 would immediately allow Garcetti to compel Jordan to testify. Around that time, Santa Barbara police interviewed the 13-year-old son of one of Jackson's former maids (who had told them her son had spent time with Jackson) and then arranged for him to see a therapist after he repeatedly denied being abused. In a deposition, his mother stated when she asked the police about who she could speak to about her concerns about their meetings and phone conversations with her son without her present, they arranged for her and her son to see separate therapists. On April 11, 1994, the grand jury session in Santa Barbara was extended for an additional 90-day term to allow Sneddon to gather more evidence and prosecution sources admitted to being frustrated in their grand jury probe, failing to find direct evidence of the molestation charges.
Jackson's response.
On December 22, Jackson responded to the allegations and everything that had occurred for the first time via satellite from his ranch: A poll at the time, conducted by "A Current Affair", found that nearly 75 percent of people believed Jackson was telling the truth in his response. While Jackson sought medical help for his faltering health, his legal team and friends, such as Presley and Taylor, took control of his defense and finances. Much of Jackson's legal team would meet three times a week at Taylor's home to discuss the case. Taylor then called in more legal professionals on Jackson's behalf. Eventually Presley, Taylor, and Jackson's team all agreed that the singer should settle out of court; it was their opinion that the entertainer's health had deteriorated to such a degree that he could not endure a lengthy trial.
Media reaction and civil suit settlement.
Most of information available on the allegations was released (officially or unofficially) by the prosecution and unchallenged by Jackson. Jackson was largely portrayed as guilty by the media. The media bias was evident in the use of sensational headlines to draw in readers and viewers when the content itself did not support the headline, the purchasing of stories of his alleged criminal activity, the purchasing of confidential leaked material from the police investigation, deliberately using pictures of his appearance at its worst, using headlines that strongly implied his guilt, and a general lack of objectivity.
The "New York Post" ran the headline "Peter Pan or Pervert", despite minimal information being disclosed by the police. Just two weeks after the allegations were reported, the headline, "Michael Jackson: A Curtain Closes" reflected the attitude of most tabloid-orientated media. In a piece for "Hard Copy", Diane Dimond—a journalist who would spend the next 15 years trying to prove Jackson was a pedophile—ran a story stating, "And one more shocker, "Hard Copy" has obtained new documents in the criminal investigation of Michael Jackson, and they are chilling; they contain the name of child movie actor Macaulay Culkin". The document itself stated that Culkin strongly denied being harmed by Jackson.
Two tabloid television shows accepted confidential leaked documents from the Los Angeles County Department of Children's Services for $20,000. A number of Jackson's former employees—most of whom had worked at his ranch—sold stories to the tabloids of alleged prior sexual misconduct on Jackson's part, instead of reporting their claims to police. One couple initially asked for $100,000 claiming that Jackson sexually caressed Macaulay Culkin. They were prepared to expand upon this allegation for a fee of $500,000, whereby they would allege that Jackson put his hands down Culkin's pants. When the story broke, Culkin strongly denied the allegation, and did so again in court during the 2003 trial of Michael Jackson. A former security guard made various allegations about Jackson, saying he was fired because he "knew too much", and alleged that he was ordered by Jackson to destroy a photo of a naked boy. Instead of reporting this to police, "Hard Copy" accepted the story in return for $150,000. Afterwards, Jackson's maid, Branca Francia, alleged that she "quit in disgust" after seeing Jackson in a shower with a child, but did not inform the police. It later emerged that Francia was actually fired in 1991, but nevertheless sold her story to "Hard Copy" for $20,000.
When Jackson left the US to go into drug rehabilitation, the media showed the singer little sympathy. The "Daily Mirror" (UK) held a "Spot the Jacko" contest, offering readers a trip to Disney World if they could correctly predict where the entertainer would appear next. A "Daily Express" headline read, "Drug Treatment Star Faces Life on the Run", while a "News of the World" headline accused Jackson of being a fugitive. These tabloids also falsely alleged that Jackson had traveled to Europe to have cosmetic surgery that would make him unrecognizable on his return. Geraldo Rivera set up a mock trial, with a jury made up of audience members, even though Jackson had not been charged with a crime.
Out-of-court settlement of the civil suit.
A civil lawsuit was filed by Jordan Chandler and his parents on September 14, 1993. In late 1993, district attorneys in Santa Barbara and Los Angeles counties both convened grand juries to assess whether criminal charges should be filed against Jackson. By January 1, 1994, $2 million had been spent by prosecution departments in California and the grand juries had questioned 200 witnesses, but Jordan's allegations could not be corroborated. On January 4, 1994, Chandler's attorney, Larry Feldman, filed a motion for the photos from Jackson's December 1993 body search from investigators, saying Jackson's attorneys and the L.A. district attorney had refused to give him copies. A few weeks later, Feldman petitioned the court that he should be allowed access to Jackson's finances over concerns that the singer's wealth would give him an unfair advantage in court. One adviser to Jackson stated, "You can take pictures of Michael's dick and he's not gonna like it, but once you start trying to figure out how much money he has, that's where he stops playing around." Initially Jackson and his lawyers filed a motion for Superior Court Judge David M. Rothman to postpone the civil case until the criminal investigation was concluded. Feldman filed a counter-motion, saying the delay would hurt Jordan's chances for recovery and make it more difficult to gather evidence. It is legal to postpone a civil lawsuit past the criminal statute of limitations as a lawsuit can still be filed past that date, such as the case of "Pacers, Inc. v. Superior Court". Also, the constitutional right to a "speedy trial" only applies to criminal cases according to the Sixth Amendment, not civil cases.
On November 23, Judge Rothman accepted Feldman's motion and set March 21, 1994 as the start date for the civil trial. Rothman ordered Jackson's deposition scheduled before the end of January 1994, but noted he might reconsider if Jackson was indicted on criminal charges. Jackson agreed to be deposed on January 18. His attorneys said he was eager to testify, but also said they might oppose the deposition if criminal charges were filed or were still under consideration on his deposition date. They said if charges were filed, they would want the criminal trial to go first. However, when authorities notified Jackson's lawyers that they expected their investigation to continue at least through February, Jackson's team still failed to win a delay of the civil case. Jackson's lawyers also lost a motion to prevent Feldman from turning over information (e.g. from the civil deposition) to prosecutors pursuing possible criminal charges.
The concerns about a civil trial during an ongoing criminal investigation, and about the prosecutor's access to the plaintiff's information in the civil trial, stemmed from Jackson's Fifth Amendment rights. As two grand juries had deemed there was insufficient evidence for charges as of January 1, the prosecution might have been able to form the elements of a criminal case around the defense strategy in the civil trial; creating a situation akin to double jeopardy. For instance, prosecutor Tom Sneddon altered fundamental elements of his case in 2004 after evidence undermining the Arvizo family's 2003 allegations appeared after Jackson's initial arraignment. Upon discovery of two taped interviews in which the Arvizo family praised Jackson and denied any abuse, Sneddon introduced a conspiracy charge and claimed they were forced to lie against their will. And when Jackson was re-arraigned in April 2004 for the conspiracy charge, the dates of the alleged molestation on the charge sheet had been shifted by almost two weeks. Jackson's lawyer, Mark Geragos, had announced on "NBC" in January 2004 that his client had a "concrete, iron-clad alibi" for the dates on the charge sheet.
On January 24, 1994, prosecutors announced that they would be not bringing charges against Evan Chandler for attempted extortion as Jackson's camp has been slow to report the extortion claim to the police and had tried to negotiate a settlement with Chandler for several weeks. Evan had first made his demand for a financial settlement on August 4, 1993 and the Jackson camp filed extortion charges against Evan and his attorney Barry K. Rothman in late August 1993. After tape recordings supporting the extortion claim were released to the media on August 30, a lawyer for Jackson explained they had not gone to the police earlier because, "It was our hope that this would all go away. We tried to keep it as much in-house as we could." Jackson had already experienced years of bizarre rumors and speculation. In the extortion investigation, a search warrant was never sought to search the homes and offices of Evan Chandler and Barry Rothman and no grand jury was convened when both men declined to interviewed by police. In contrast, the police searched Jackson's residences solely based on Jordan's allegations reported by a psychiatrist with no particular expertise in child sexual abuse and increased their efforts to investigate Jackson after no supporting evidence was found in their raids and after questioning almost 30 children (Jackson's phonebooks were seized) and their families, all of whom said Jackson had done nothing wrong. Officers flew to the Philippines to interview two ex-housekeepers who had sold a molestation story to the tabloids but decided it lacked credibility. Several parents also complained to one of Jackson's attorneys of aggressive investigative techniques by the police; allegedly frightening their children with lies, e.g. ‘We have nude photos of you', to pressure them into accusing Jackson and unequivocally telling parents their children had been molested even though their children had denied being victimized.
On January 25, 1994, the Chandlers' lawsuit was settled out of court with $15,331,250 to be held in a trust fund for Jordan, $1.5 million for each of his parents and the family's lawyer slated to receive $5 million for a total of approximately $23 million (although another source showed Feldman was to receive $3 million based on a September 1993 retainer, for a total of $21 million). According to some sources Evan Chandler himself is the one who initiated the settlement with Jackson's insurer. This was done a few days after Jackson and his legal camp ignored a demand from Chandler's legal camp that Jackson not show pictures of his genitals to the civil jury to weigh them against Jordan's description. Jackson's insurance company "negotiated and paid the settlement, over the protests of Mr. Jackson and his personal legal counsel" and was "the source of the settlement amounts"; as noted in a 2005 memorandum in People v. Jackson. It also noted "an insurance carrier has the right to settle claims covered by insurance where it decides settlement is expedient and the insured may not interfere with nor prevent such settlements", as established by a number of precedents in California. Defeating the right would involve convincing a court with the power to overrule the precedent that the earlier decision was either wrongly decided or more often, 'clearly' wrong (depending on the criteria of the court) or the court must be convinced to distinguish the case. That is, to make the ruling narrower than that in the precedent due to some difference in facts between the current and precedent case, while still supporting the result reached in the earlier case. In 2004, Jackson's attorney Thomas Mesereau in People v. Jackson said "People who intended to earn millions of dollars from his record and music promotions did not want negative publicity from these lawsuits interfering with their profits. Michael Jackson now regrets making these payments. These settlements were entered into with one primary condition – that condition was that Mr. Jackson never admitted any wrongdoing. Mr. Jackson always denied doing anything wrong...Mr. Jackson now realizes the advice he received was wrong." Jackson explained why had he tried to settle: "I wanted to go on with my life. Too many people had already been hurt. I want to make records. I want to sing. I want to perform again...It's my talent. My hard work. My life. My decision." He also wanted to avoid a "media circus".
Although some perceive the settlement as an admission of guilt, the settlement agreement specifically stated that Jackson admitted no wrongdoing and no liability and legally, a settlement cannot be used as evidence of guilt in future civil and criminal cases. The settlement payment was "for alleged personal injuries arising out of claims of negligence and not for claims of intentional or wrong acts of sexual molestation." In the settlement, both parties agreed they would not speak about the case details in public but it did not prevent the Chandlers from testifying in a criminal trial or sharing information with authorities in a criminal investigation. The Chandlers' lawyer Mr. Feldman explicitly stated "nobody bought anybody's silence". Bribery to not testify in a trial is a felony according to California Penal Code 138. Receiving such a bribe is also a felony according to this law. District Attorney Gil Garcetti stated the settlement didn't affect criminal prosecution of the molestation allegations, "The criminal investigation of singer Michael Jackson is ongoing and will not be affected by the announcement of the civil case settlement."
Jordan Chandler was interviewed after the settlement by detectives seeking evidence of child molestation, but "no criminal charges were filed as a result of that interview." A Santa Barbara County grand jury disbanded on May 2, 1994 without indicting Jackson, while a Los Angeles County grand jury continued to investigate the sexual abuse allegations. After which time the Chandlers stopped co-operating with the criminal investigation around July 6, 1994. The police never pressed criminal charges. Citing a lack of evidence without Jordan's testimony, the state closed its investigation on September 22, 1994. According to the grand juries, the evidence presented by the Santa Barbara police and the LAPD was not convincing enough to indict Jackson or subpoena him, even though grand juries can indict the accused purely on hearsay evidence.
Aftermath.
Three years later, Jordan Chandler's alleged account of the relationship was detailed in a book by journalist Victor M. Gutierrez. The book was said to be based on a diary the boy had kept at the time and included details of alleged sexual encounters between Jackson and him. In 1995, Jackson filed a civil suit against Gutierrez for slander; the jury found in Jackson's favor, awarding him $2.7 million in damages. However, that suit was unrelated to the book and the judgement does not serve to refute the allegations contained within. In 1996, Evan Chandler sued Jackson for around $60 million, claiming Jackson had breached an agreement never to discuss the case. In 1999, a court ruled in Jackson's favor and threw out the lawsuit.
But the 1993 case would be revisited again with the 2003 allegations. There was more than a year between Jackson's 2003 arrest and the beginning of his trial and he was prevented by a gag order from responding to any stories in the media. As in 1993, prosecution sympathizers leaked documents e.g. Jordan Chandler's 1993 police statement. The media was again eager to report on the allegations, with a tendency for sensationalism. And allegations sold to tabloid TV shows by disgruntled ex-employees in the 1990s were constantly in the news again. Also similar to 1993, details of the Arvizo family's 2003 allegations were leaked. These stories were mostly reported as allegations rather than facts, but the volume and frequency of stories, combined with Jackson's inability to refute them, had a devastating impact on public opinion of him.
In a 2005 lecture at Harvard after Jackson's trial, Jackson's attorney Thomas Mesereau said the following about Jordan Chandler: "The prosecutors tried to get him to show up and he wouldn't. If he had, I had witnesses who were going to come in and say he told them it never happened and that he would never talk to his parents again for what they made him say. It turned out he'd gone into court and got legal emancipation from his parents." In 2006, Jordan accused Evan of attacking him with a barbell, choking him and spraying his face with Mace. The charges were later dropped. On November 5, 2009, fourteen weeks after Jackson's death, Evan Chandler was found dead following an apparent suicide.
Music journalist Charles Thomson noted a continued media bias against Jackson after the Chandler suicide. Thomson said he was contacted by a British tabloid to supply information about the 1993 allegations, only to have them replace his carefully researched information with the common myths he advised them to avoid and that the same misinformation was in every article he read about the suicide. He noted when Jackson's FBI file was released the following month, the contents were portrayed by the media as giving an impression of guilt even though the file strongly supported his innocence. He noted how Gene Simmons' allegations in 2010 about Jackson molesting children received over a hundred times more coverage than his interview with Jackson's long-time guitarist, Jennifer Batten, who rebutted Simmon's claims.
Effect on Jackson's career.
Jackson's commercial appeal and public image declined in the wake of the case.
The album released prior to the allegations was "Dangerous". The album stands as one of the world's best-selling records. The album's appeal meant that singles were still being released through 1993 (at the time of the allegations) and Jackson was still traveling the world on his Dangerous World Tour. The last charting single from "Dangerous" was the ballad "Gone Too Soon", released in December 1993 and dedicated to the memory of Jackson's friend Ryan White, a teenager from Kokomo, Indiana who came to national attention after being expelled from his school for having HIV/AIDS. A rumored tenth single release of the title track "Dangerous" was canceled. The government of Dubai barred Jackson from performing in response to an anonymous pamphlet campaign that attacked him as immoral. After performing 24 shows of the third leg of the Dangerous Tour, Jackson canceled the remainder of the tour to seek treatment for his pain medication addictions.
PepsiCo stopped all promotional activities with Jackson, ending their ten-year partnership. Jackson's fans responded by boycotting the company. Jackson had contracted to create a new horror-themed song and video that would be cross-promoted with the film "Addams Family Values". He was unable to finish shooting the video, and his song was dropped from the soundtrack. A brand of his-and-hers fragrances was canceled because of Jackson's drug problems at the time. A spokesman for the marketing group behind the fragrance deal called it "somewhat of a fiasco".
His next studio album was "HIStory", released in the summer of 1995. Jackson also produced a special show for cable-network HBO titled "For One Night Only", with the show to be recorded in front of a special invited audience at New York City's Beacon Theater on December 8 and 9, 1995 for transmission on HBO on December 10. However, the shows were canceled after Jackson collapsed at the theater on December 6 during rehearsals. Jackson was admitted overnight to Beth Israel Medical Center North. The shows and the HBO special were never rescheduled. The following year, Jackson began the HIStory World Tour. Despite the show's success, Jackson's only concerts in the USA were two shows performed at the Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii. Jackson never performed another world tour.
The allegations also had an effect on the content of Jackson's music: "HIStory", which was released shortly after the allegations, "creates an atmosphere of paranoia," according to one writer. Its content focuses on the public struggles Jackson went through just prior to its production. In the songs "Scream" and "Tabloid Junkie", along with the ballad "You Are Not Alone", Jackson directs much of his anger and personal hurt at the media. In the track "D.S.", Jackson launches a verbal attack against a character who is often cited to be Tom Sneddon, the District Attorney that requested his strip search. He describes the person as an antisocial white supremacist who wanted to "get my ass, dead or alive". Of the song, Sneddon said, "I have not, shall we say, done him the honor of listening to it, but I’ve been told that it ends with the sound of a gunshot." In the introspective ballad "Stranger in Moscow", Jackson laments over his "swift and sudden fall from grace". He completed the video that was originally supposed to accompany "Addams Family Values" and released it as "Ghosts"; the finished video included a framing story about an eccentric maestro who entertains children and is pursued by a bigoted local official.
Jackson's last album, "Invincible", was released six years later, in 2001, his longest period between full studio records, although the remix album "" was released in 1997 and contained five new tracks. "Invincible", however, was seen as a relative commercial disappointment when compared to Jackson's prior solo material selling 4.9 million in the United States. The album spawned three singles: "You Rock My World", "Cry" and "Butterflies", but only one reached the U.S. top 10.
As part of Jackson's contract with Sony, a number of compilations of greatest hits packaged with previously unreleased material were released, including "Number Ones" in 2003, the 4-CD/1-DVD box set ' in 2004 and double-album "The Essential Michael Jackson" in 2005. New agreements between Sony and Michael Jackson saw the release of the singles collection ' in 2006, a 25th anniversary edition of "Thriller" in 2008 and Jackson's final release before his death – the "King of Pop" album celebrating Michael's 50th birthday with tracks voted for by fans.
People v. Jackson.
On December 18, 2003, Jackson was formally charged with seven counts of child sexual abuse and two counts of administering an intoxicating agent in order to commit a child sexual abuse felony against Gavin Arvizo. Earlier that year, a Granada Television documentary, called "Living with Michael Jackson", showed the pop star holding hands and discussing sleeping arrangements with Arvizo. Jackson denied these allegations, saying that the sleepovers were in no way sexual in nature. Sneddon again led the effort to prosecute Jackson. These prosecutions led to complaints that Sneddon was motivated by a "vendetta" against Jackson. Evidence to support these claims include Sneddon joking about Jackson's greatest hits album being released on the same day as his arrest and saying, "Like the sheriff and I really are into that kind of music." He then proceeded to call Jackson "Wacko Jacko" and shouting "We got him, we finally got him" to the media, when he had only just began an investigation and had gathered limited information or evidence.
The People v. Jackson trial began in Santa Maria, California on January 31, 2005. During the trial, the judge allowed testimony about past allegations, including the 1993 case, to establish whether the defendant had a propensity to commit certain crimes. However, Jordan Chandler had left the country to avoid testifying. In a lecture at Harvard after the trial, Thomas Mesereau said, "The prosecutors tried to get him to show up and he wouldn't. If he had, I had witnesses who were going to come in and say he told them it never happened and that he would never talk to his parents again for what they made him say. It turned out he'd gone into court and got legal emancipation from his parents." June Chandler testified that she hadn't spoken to her son in 11 years. At one point in her testimony, she claimed that she couldn't remember being sued by Jackson (who had counter-sued for extortion) and at another point said that she'd never heard of her own attorney. However, she said she never witnessed any molestation.
Jackson was found unanimously not guilty of all charges by the jury on June 13, 2005.
2013 child molestation allegations.
On May 1, 2013, a lawyer for choreographer Wade Robson filed a complaint against the Michael Jackson Estate for "childhood sexual abuse". Howard Weitzman, the lawyer for Jackson's estate, called Robson's accusations "outrageous and pathetic." 
Robson appeared on "The Today Show" on May 16, 2013 to discuss the allegations. Robson told interviewer Matt Lauer that Jackson was "a pedophile and a child sexual abuser" who "performed sexual acts on me and forced me to perform sexual acts on him" over a seven-year period, beginning in 1990 when Robson was seven years old when he visited Jackson's Neverland Ranch for the first time. In a 1993 deposition Robson's mother, Joy Robson, said that Jackson had "special friends", boys with whom he spent extra time with that he replaced each year, and that Wade was Jackson's "special friend" in 1990. In August 1993, after the allegations against Jackson were made public, Wade Robson and Jackson's other "special friend", Brett Barnes, held a press conference in which they stated that they had slept in Jackson's bed but nothing sexual had occurred. Robson said in the "Today Show" interview that his denial of wrongdoing on Jackson's part during the 1993 investigation was a result of Jackson's "complete manipulation and brainwashing" of him. Robson alleged that at the time Jackson "would call me every day and role play and tell me the same sort of things and also tell me then that if anyone ever thought that we did these things, any of these sexual things, that both of us would go to jail for the rest of our lives." Robson was also a star witness for Jackson's defense at his 2005 trial. He said that his change of story was provoked by becoming a father and experiencing nervous breakdowns in 2011 and 2012. 
Robson filed an amended complaint on July 1, 2013, which stated, “The long-term psychological consequences of (Jackson’s) threats, sexual trauma and mental manipulation imprisoned (Robson’s) mind and prevented him from filing a timely claim just as effectively as if he had been physically imprisoned." 
On June 2, 2014, the trial for Robson's lawsuit against Jackson's estate for 'childhood sexual abuse' will begin.

</doc>
<doc id="19043827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043827" title="Tom McCann">
Tom McCann

Thomas E. "Tom" McCann (November 7, 1898 – March 23, 1975) was a baseball player and coach of American football and basketball. He served as the head football coach at Tusculum College in 1924 and at the University of Miami from 1931 to 1934. McCann was also the head basketball coach at Miami during the 1928–29 and 1931–32 seasons. In 1929, he was coaching football at Plant City High School in Plant City, Florida. McCann played college baseball at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in 1921 and 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="19043831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043831" title="Holy Water (Wendy Oldfield album)">
Holy Water (Wendy Oldfield album)

Holy Water is the fifth solo album released by South African singer Wendy Oldfield. It was released in 2002. The album was rated as number 17 in the South African Rock Digest "Top 30 albums of 2002".

</doc>
<doc id="19043857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043857" title="The Late Show (CBC radio)">
The Late Show (CBC radio)

The Late Show is a radio documentary program that first aired on CBC Radio One in the summer of 2008 with a second season in the summer of 2010 and a third in 2011. Hosted by Gordon Pinsent, "The Late Show" presents documentaries which are essentially extended obituaries about of ordinary, but interesting, Canadians who have recently died.

</doc>
<doc id="19043864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043864" title="Gary Glitter">
Gary Glitter

Gary Glitter (born Paul Francis Gadd, 8 May 1944) is an English former glam rock singer-songwriter and musician. His long and highly successful career was ended in the late 1990s by repeated revelations and criminal convictions for possession of child pornography and (in the 2000s) for child sexual abuse.
Glitter first came to prominence in the glam rock era of the early 1970s, with a sustained solo UK chart run and several hits including "Rock and Roll, Parts One and Two", "I Love You Love Me Love", "I'm the Leader of the Gang (I Am)" and "Hello, Hello, I'm Back Again". A slight decline in the late 1970s was followed by a successful comeback as a solo artist again from the 1980s. Between 1972 and 1995, Glitter had 26 hit singles which spent a total of 180 weeks in the UK Top 100; twelve of those reached the Top 10, with three charting at number 1. He continued to record in the 1980s and 1990s, with his 1984 song "Another Rock n' Roll Christmas" becoming one of the most played Christmas hits of all time. He released seven studio albums, and at least 15 greatest hits collections or live albums. In 1998, his recording of "Rock and Roll" was listed as one of the top 1,001 songs in music history. The mostly instrumental "Rock and Roll, Part 2" has been played as a popular cheering song at American sporting events for several decades.
Glitter's legal history instigated a fall from grace that the BBC described as "spectacular". He was convicted three times for driving under the influence, which in 1987 saw him receive a ten-year driving ban and narrowly escape imprisonment. The late 1990s saw Glitter's image become irreparably tarnished, following his 1997 arrest and 1999 conviction in the United Kingdom for possession of thousands of items of child pornography. Later, Glitter faced criminal charges and deportation across several countries including Vietnam and Cambodia and the UK connected with actual and suspected child sexual abuse, after a Vietnamese court found him guilty of obscene acts with minors in 2006; he had been living in Vietnam since deportation from Cambodia on suspected child sexual abuse charges in 2002. Glitter was deported from Vietnam back to Britain at the end of his sentence, where he was placed on the Sex Offenders' Register for life.
These convictions effectively ended his long career and turned the once-popular entertainer into a prominent hate figure. In October 2012, Glitter was arrested again, and bailed, as part of Operation Yewtree, an extensive police investigation into alleged sexual abuse that dates back to the 1950s, connected to the activities of suspected child abuser Jimmy Savile.
Early life.
Paul Francis Gadd was born in Banbury, Oxfordshire. His mother, a cleaner, was unmarried, and initially brought him up with the help of her mother; he never knew his father. He was hard to control and at the age of 10, along with his brother, he was taken into local authority care. Although a Protestant, he was educated at a Roman Catholic school. He frequently ran away to London, to the clubs that were to be the launching ground of his career.
Career.
Early work.
By the time he was 16, Glitter was already performing at London clubs. His career grew as he appeared at such venues as the Two I's, in Soho, and the Laconda and Safari Clubs. His repertoire consisted of early rock'n'roll standards and gentle ballads. He got his first break when film producer Robert Hartford Davis discovered Gadd and financed a recording session for Decca Records. At 18, Gadd recorded ; under the stage name Paul Raven, he released his first single, "Alone in the Night", in January 1960. 
A year later, with a new manager, Vic Billings, he signed a new recording contract with Parlophone and worked with producer George Martin, before Martin's association with the Beatles. Martin produced two singles, "Walk on Boy" and "Tower of Strength", but neither sold very well and Raven's recording career stalled. By 1964, while Martin's work with the Beatles was conquering the world, Raven was reduced to working as an assistant, and playing the warm-up for the British television programme "Ready Steady Go!". He did numerous TV commercials and film auditions, and in the course of those activities met arranger-producer Mike Leander who eventually helped revive his career. He even auditioned for the role of the protagonist in the film Privilege, which was written and directed by Peter Watkins, who directed the controversial docu-drama, The War Game.
Gary Glitter.
Raven joined the Mike Leander Show Band in early 1965. Then he was deputised to produce a few recording sessions by such artists as Thane Russell and a Scottish beat group, The Poets. After Leander's group disbanded, Raven formed Boston International with saxophonist John Rossall, and spent the following five years touring the UK and Germany, recording occasionally. From 1968 to 1970, several singles including "Musical Man", "Goodbye Seattle" and a version of George Harrison's "Here Comes the Sun", put him back into record stores, changing his name briefly to Paul Monday. As the glam movement hit full swing in 1971, Raven took the new name Gary Glitter, which he devised by playing alliteratively with letters of the alphabet, working backwards from Z. Other options included Terry Tinsel, Stanley Sparkle and Vicky Vomit. The style that would come to define Gary Glitter had taken its basic shape.
The song that made Gary Glitter's name and career began as a 15-minute jam, whittled down to a pair of three-minute extracts released as the A and B sides of a single, called "Rock and Roll, Parts One and Two". "Rock and Roll (Part Two)" proved to be the more popular side in many countries, although it took about six months before it made its full impact, going to number two on the British pop charts and reaching the Top Ten in the United States, one of the few British glam rock records to do so. "Rock and Roll (Part One)" was also a hit: in France it made number one, and in the UK both sides were listed together on the charts.
Mainstream success.
"Rock and Roll" was followed by other successes: for the next three years, Glitter, backed by the Glittermen/the Glitter Band on stage, challenged Sweet, Slade, and T.Rex for domination of the charts. To reinforce his image, he reportedly owned 30 glitter suits and fifty pairs of silver platform boots. He also released several singles which became British Top 10 hits, with "I'm the Leader of the Gang (I Am)" being his first single to reach number one in the summer of 1973, and "I Love You Love Me Love", its follow-up, his second. Even an atypical ballad, "Remember Me This Way", went to number three. He had eleven consecutive Top Ten singles, from 1972's "Rock and Roll (Parts One and Two)" to "Doing Alright With the Boys" in the summer of 1975.
"Rock and Roll (Part Two)" caught on as a popular sports anthem in North America. Often used as a goal song or celebration song, fans chanted "Hey!" along with the chorus. In addition, the fans of the Miami Heat, instead of "Hey!", chant "Heat!". In light of Glitter's court convictions (see below), some teams have stopped using the song, though it remains heavily played.
Despite his success in the UK, Glitter never made the same impact in America where, at best, glam rock was seen as a curiosity. Glitter had one more entry on the US charts with "I Didn't Know I Loved You (Till I Saw You Rock 'n Roll)"; after that, the closest chart success for Glitter was a cover recording of "I'm the Leader of the Gang (I Am)" by Brownsville Station.
After "Doing Alright With the Boys", Glitter won the award for Best Male Artist at the "Saturday Scene" music awards hosted by LWT. His next release was a cover of the Rivingtons' rhythm and blues classic "Papa Oom Mow Mow", but it got no higher than number 38 on the British charts. After subsequent releases stalled in similar fashion, Gary Glitter announced his retirement from music to start a family life with his new partner in early 1976. That same year, his first hits package, simply titled "Greatest Hits", was released. It entered the UK Top 40 best-seller charts. A similar budget album, entitled "I Love You Love Me Love", was issued by Hallmark Entertainment the following year.
Comeback and business interests.
In 1976, Glitter faced declining record sales. He took a two-year-long exile, living in France and Australia, before returning to the UK, and beginning his comeback.
Glitter's career took a downturn towards the end of the 1970s, leading to his first bankruptcy (he went bankrupt a second time over unpaid tax bills in the 1990s). Under financial pressure, not even a pair of Top 40 hit singles ("It Takes All Night" and "A Little Boogie Woogie in the Back of My Mind") could lift him all the way back. It took the post-punk audience, and some of its artists who still respected Glitter's work, to do that; he had been an influence on post-punk, new wave, britpop and hair metal, as well as early punk rock itself. Around this time, Glitter settled into being a performer with a cult following that continued until his child pornography conviction in the late 1990s. This helped provide the opportunity for Glitter to cut a dance medley of his greatest hits, "All That Glitters", which charted in 1981. Within three years, he was playing 80 shows a year at colleges and clubs and had chart hits "Dance Me Up" (UK No.25) and "Another Rock N' Roll Christmas" (#7).
Glitter's comeback was boosted in the 1980s by various guest spots and collaborations, leading to his becoming a cult figure with students. In 1982, he appeared on the British Electric Foundation album "Music of Quality and Distinction Volume One" (UK #25) along with fellow pop/rock luminaries Sandie Shaw and Tina Turner. In 1988, the Timelords' "Doctoring the Tardis", a "Doctor Who" tribute that sampled "Rock and Roll (Part Two)", reached the number one spot. In due course, Glitter re-cut "Rock and Roll" with producer Trevor Horn and also "I'm the Leader of the Gang (I Am)" with Girlschool. In the late 1980s, his hit singles were used to compile the Telstar-released "C'mon, C'mon ... It's the Gary Glitter Party Album". In 1989, Jive Bunny and the Mastermixers put a large sample of "Another Rock and Roll Christmas" on their Number 1 UK hit "Let's Party".
In 1991, Glitter opened a restaurant in the West End of London. Glitter's Snack Bar was promoted under the slogan "Leader of the Snack". It was successful at first, but business eventually slowed and the restaurant closed in the late 1990s.
Glitter also launched his own record label in the early 1990s, Attitude Records, after he lost his deal with Virgin Records. Glitter had signed to Virgin after leaving Arista Records in 1984 after twelve years with the label. Attitude records was merged into Machmain Ltd later in the 1990s, a music company owned by Glitter.
Glitter spent the next decade mostly as an in-demand live performer, and his back catalogue of recordings proved durable enough that several compilations sold well. Glitter appeared in several humorous billboard and poster advertisements for British Rail, in one of which he was shown attempting to look younger (and quite clearly failing) in order to obtain a Young Persons Railcard. He also issued a new studio album "Leader II" in 1991 which sold reasonably well.
He was a surprise hit at the 1994 World Cup concert in Chicago, which was telecast live to forty-six countries. He played the Godfather in the 1996 revival tour of The Who's "Quadrophenia". He also cut a single, a new version of "The House of the Rising Sun". British rock group Oasis used a sample from Glitter's 1973 chart hit, "Hello, Hello, I'm Back Again" on their 1995 multi-million-selling album "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?", one of a number of acts that borrowed from his songbook.
"Rock and Roll (Part Two)" by this time was being used heavily as a crowd-rouser at numerous sporting events, and it was featured in the hit films "The Full Monty", "Happy Gilmore", "Meet the Fockers", and "The Replacements".
Career moves since 2000.
In 2002, Snapper records re-promoted "The Ultimate Gary Glitter", a two-CD anthology of Glitter's music first issued in 1997, days after his arrest (see below), which covers his commercial breakthrough in 1972 up to that point; again it was moderately successful.
In September 2001 he released a new album, "On", that included material written before his 1999 British conviction. That material was to have been part of a project called "Lost on Life Street" until that album's release was cancelled following his arrest. By December 2004, after releasing a new single, "Control", Glitter was in the news again concerning his behaviour; NGOs had been petitioning the government with their own evidence aimed at arresting Glitter. Glitter moved to Vietnam.
In 2005 "Remember Me This Way", the documentary filmed at Glitter's career peak in 1973 (and originally released in 1974), was issued for the first time on DVD. Glitter's music itself still had an audience, further demonstrated by three new album releases, although all of them contained past recordings from the vaults, rather than new product. The first two new albums were issued at the same time, "The Remixes" and "Live in Concert" (the latter of which was a 1981 recording). These were only for sale on the Internet. A new collection of Glitter's chart hit singles followed, "The Best of Gary Glitter". In 2006 his back catalogue was made available via the Internet from sites such as iTunes and eMusic.
In 2011 a collection of hits and B-sides was issued under the title "All that Glitters".
News reports stated that, as of late July 2013, Glitter may have earned a total of £1 million from royalties derived from the Oasis song that samples "Hello, Hello, I’m back again". Music industry lawyer Craig Brookes cited this monetary sum in addition to the royalties from his back catalogue of songs—£300,000 a year or more—and the estimated £200,000 Glitter was awarded for copyright infringement after he enacted legal action against Oasis in 1999.
Influence on other musicians.
Gary Glitter was very influential on many musicians and genres from the 1970s onwards, especially British punk, post-punk, new wave, gothic rock, Britpop and hair metal.
Personal life.
In July 1963, Gadd married Ann Murton. The following year they had a son, also called Paul, and in 1966 a daughter, Sarah. They divorced in 1972. In February 2001, he had another son, Gary, Jr., with Yudenia Sosa Martínez, born 1973, with whom he was then living in Cuba.
Glitter had homes in Wedmore, North Somerset and London at the time of his arrest in 1997.
Cardiovascular disorder.
On 20 January 2008, the "News of the World" reported that the singer had suffered a severe heart attack. These reports were denied, although it was confirmed that he had been diagnosed with heart problems. "Glitter was admitted to our hospital with acute diarrhoea", said Nguyen Huu Quang, the director of the hospital in Bình Thuận Province, near the prison where the singer was serving out his sentence. "While we were treating him, we found out that he also has a cardiovascular disorder."
Legal history.
Drunk-driving charges.
During the 1980s, Glitter was convicted of driving under the influence for the third time, which led to a 10-year driving ban; he narrowly escaped a prison term.
Child pornography arrest and conviction.
In November 1997, Glitter was arrested after pornographic images of children were discovered on the hard drive of a Toshiba laptop that he had taken for repair to a branch of PC World at Cribbs Causeway, near Bristol. As a result, he was castigated in the media over the allegations. Additionally, his appearance in the Spice Girls' film "Spiceworld The Movie" was cut. Nevertheless, a truncated edit of the scene, featuring a version of Glitter's "I'm the Leader of the Gang (I Am)", was still included in the film. In the months before his conviction, he thanked audiences for their support at his last show before his trial.
In 1999, Glitter was sentenced to four months' imprisonment and listed as a sex offender in the UK following conviction for downloading thousands of items of child pornography.
He was also charged with having sex with an underage girl, Alison Brown, around 20 years earlier, when she was 14 years old. She had had a relationship with Glitter for some years. Glitter was acquitted of this charge. It was later revealed that Brown had sold her story to the "News of the World" and stood to earn more money from the newspaper should Glitter be convicted.
Following a rejection by the British public and facing scrutiny from the press following his arrest and conviction, Gary Glitter fled on his yacht to Spain. Upon being discovered there, he set sail again, ultimately travelling to Gibraltar, Cuba, Mexico, South Africa, Zimbabwe, Colombia, Portugal, Brazil, Venezuela, and Thailand, before settling in Cambodia.
South East Asia.
Cambodia.
Glitter lived in Cambodia until 2002, before being permanently deported to Vietnam because of suspected child sexual abuse.
Vietnam underage sex conviction.
From March 2005, Glitter resided in Vũng Tàu, Vietnam. In late 2005, at age 61, Gary Glitter was arrested by Vietnamese authorities and charged with molesting two underaged girls, aged 10 and 11, at his home in Vũng Tàu. He initially faced possible child rape charges carrying the death penalty, but prosecutors did not find enough evidence for those charges, so Glitter was instead tried for lesser child sexual abuse charges. Early in 2006, he was convicted of committing obscene acts with minors and sentenced to three years imprisonment. On one of two appeals, in 2007 this was reduced by three months.
He was released from prison on 19 August 2008 and returned to London three days later, after being refused entry into Thailand and Hong Kong. 
Arrest and trial.
Despite having applied for permanent residence in Vietnam, Gary Glitter fled his home on 12 November 2005. Three days later, he was arrested in Ho Chi Minh City while trying to board a flight to Thailand. Six Vietnamese girls and women, aged from 11 to 23, claimed that Glitter had had sex with them; the age of consent in Vietnam is 18.
After his arrest, Glitter was turned over to provincial police from Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu and returned to Vũng Tàu and held on suspicion of having sex with the two under-age girls. Glitter was held in jail throughout the criminal investigation, which was completed on 26 December 2005. The charge of rape was dropped for "lack of evidence" (according to Glitter's lawyer), although the singer admitted that an 11-year-old girl had slept in his bed. Glitter could have faced execution by firing squad if convicted of child rape. After having received compensatory payments from Glitter, the families of the girls appealed to the courts for clemency for him.
On 2 March 2006 Glitter was tried on charges of committing obscene acts with two girls, aged 10 and 11, facing up to 14 years in prison if convicted. The following day he was found guilty and sentenced to three years in prison. He was also forced to pay compensation of $320 to each girl's family, as well as court fees. Judge Hoang Thanh Tung: "He sexually abused and committed obscene acts with children many times in a disgusting and sick manner."
The sentence included mandatory deportation at the end of his sentence, and payment of 5 million Vietnamese dong (US$315) to his victims' families. Glitter continued to deny any wrongdoing, saying he believes he was framed by British tabloid newspapers. He announced he planned to spend part of his sentence writing an autobiography, which he had already begun during his pre-trial.
Glitter, in his first interview in more than eight years to BBC News in May 2006, denied any wrongdoing and claimed not to have knowingly had sex with anyone under 18. He also said "I know the line to cross". When asked what he thought of adults having sex with children he said "It certainly is a crime ... I would be very angry about that." Christine Beddoe, director of End Child Prostitution, Pornography and Trafficking, criticised Glitter and said he was trying to "minimise what he has done" and added "We must allow children to tell their story and not just have the words of Gadd."
In his interview, Glitter denied that he was a paedophile. He said that he had hoped that there was even a slim chance he could put his life back on track and have a career after he left prison in England. The people around him felt that the media had already made a sensation about the paedophile allegations. He continued to blame the press for his downfall and called them "the worst enemy in the world", alleging 'entrapment' by them by paying local girls in a bar to arrange a photo-scoop. Glitter did not comment about his previous conviction for possession of child pornography several years earlier.
Appeal.
On 15 June 2006, in a closed hearing, the People's Supreme Court of Appeals heard Glitter's appeal for a reduced sentence. The three-judge panel rejected the appeal four weeks later. Although he was calm throughout the 40-minute reading of the verdict, upon leaving the courthouse, he shouted angrily to reporters and denounced Vietnamese justice for not hearing the defence arguments. On 7 February 2007, it was announced that his sentence had been reduced by three months. In anticipation of his release, the Philippines barred Glitter from entering that country as of 16 May 2008.
Release.
Glitter's Vietnamese lawyer, Le Thanh Kinh, said that his client intended to return to the UK, although he had also expressed interest in moving to either Hong Kong or Singapore. In the UK it was reported that he would be placed on the Sex Offenders Register on his return. British Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said he should be given a Foreign Travel Order (FTO) banning him from overseas travel: "We need to control him, and he will be once he returns to this country."
Glitter was released from Thu Duc prison in southern Bình Thuận Province on 19 August 2008. He was escorted under police guard to Tan Son Nhat Airport in Ho Chi Minh City and put on board a flight to London via Bangkok. At Bangkok he claimed that he had tinnitus and a heart condition, and refused to board the flight to London despite the efforts of British police sent to escort him, although they had no jurisdiction to take action. He was refused entry to Thailand and threatened with deportation to the UK. On the evening of 20 August, he took a flight to Hong Kong, where he requested medical treatment saying he was suffering a heart attack. The Hong Kong authorities also refused to admit him and he returned to Thailand the next day.
At least 19 countries, including Cuba, Cambodia, and the Philippines, announced that they would refuse to admit Glitter, and on 21 August the Thai authorities stated that he had agreed to return to the UK. He arrived back in the UK at Heathrow Airport at 7:10 am on 22 August 2008, where he was met by British police officers.
On his return to the United Kingdom, Glitter was added to the Sex Offenders Register for life, and stated an intention to appeal against this decision; on 16 January 2009 it was announced that he had abandoned this move.
Plans after prison release.
On 25 June 2008, "The Daily Telegraph" reported that Gary Glitter planned to record a new album on his prison release. He was quoted as saying "I have an incomplete album that I want to finish. I have been thinking about the plan during my days in jail, I have sung rock 'n' roll for 40 years. After jail, I will continue to rock 'n' roll." After his release from prison, Glitter said that he was planning to write a book to prove his innocence.
Alleged involvement in the Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal.
In October 2012, ITV showed the documentary "The Other Side of Jimmy Savile" in its "Exposure" strand, which detailed allegations of sexual misconduct by the late BBC DJ and presenter. The story developed and extended over the ensuing weeks, and included an accusation against Glitter. He was alleged to have been seen having sex with a 13- or 14-year-old girl in Savile's dressing room at the BBC. On 28 October, Glitter was arrested and questioned by police in London. Glitter was released on police bail until the middle of December, and was subsequently re-bailed until February.
TV mockumentary.
In November 2009, the UK's Channel 4 showed a drama (or 'mockumentary') called "The Execution of Gary Glitter". Set in an imaginary Britain in which the death sentence has been re-introduced, the drama examines the possible consequences of capital punishment when Glitter is put on trial as a paedophile under imagined Capital Crimes Against Children legislation. The drama was written by Rob Coldstream and starred Hilton McRae as Glitter.
Concert tours.
During his long career as a singer, Glitter undertook many tours to various venues around the world. His first tour was of the Middle East, as Paul Raven and the Boston International in 1967. He toured amongst other places, Cyprus, Jordan, Lebanon, Turkey and Armenia.
In 1973, Glitter undertook a world tour to celebrate his new-found fame. He toured Europe, Scandinavia, Australia, and New Zealand.
He continued to tour until 1976, and his retirement from music, he visited Australia some twenty times, and toured Europe and America several times.
During his comeback period of the 1980s, he did fewer tours, and mainly toured Britain. He did shows in Ireland, Germany, France, America and Bahrain. During the 1990s, he toured America several times, finally gaining the significant popularity he sought in the 1970s. In 1995, he undertook his last major tour, visiting Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Bangkok and Singapore. In 1996, he toured with The Who across America. His final tour, entitled "A Night Out With The Boys: Could This Be For The Last Time?" took place in 1997. During his residence in Vietnam, he sang in local bars and clubs in Vũng Tàu.

</doc>
<doc id="19043872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043872" title="Malt Cross">
Malt Cross

The Malt Cross is on St James Street in Nottingham city centre just off the Old Market Square. The building was built in 1877 and is one of only a few Victorian Music Halls still standing. The building takes its name from a monument that used to be in the market square and was a gathering place for many people. Wiley notes that "John Nelson, a Yorkshire stonemason and one of Wesley's earliest followers, preached once in the market place and once at the Malt Cross."
History.
In 1806 the former site of the Malt Cross monument was cleared, being recorded as:
The Malt Cross was built in 1877. It had previously been an inn named the Roebuck but was bought by Mr Charles Weldon who rebuilt and enlarged the premises.
Current Use.
The building is now used as a café bar and frequently hosts live music events.
Architect.
The man who designed the Malt Cross building as it is seen today was a Mr Edwin Hill. The most impressive part of his design was that of the high-arched glazed roof, the wooden arches of which are built from ten layers of laminated wood on the inner arches and twelve on the outer. This layered design allowed the beams to be bent to the required curve and did away with the usual difficulties of wooden arch design. The layers have no visible nail or bolt holes and it is thought that they are held together by glue alone.
References.
http://www.maltcross.com/

</doc>
<doc id="19043874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043874" title="Sophia Dorothea of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg">
Sophia Dorothea of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg

Princess Dorothea Sophia of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (28 September 1636 – 6 August 1689) was a German noblewoman. The highest title she acquired through marriage was Electress of Brandenburg as the wife of Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg, the "Great Elector".
Biography.
Sophia Dorothea was born in Glücksburg. She could claim royal blood through her descent from her great-grandfather King Christian III of Denmark, but her parents were of much lower rank: Philip, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, and Sophia Hedwig of Saxe-Lauenburg. She was the sister of Auguste of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg.
In 1653, Sophia Dorothea married Christian Louis, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, brother-in-law of King Frederick III of Denmark. The marriage was childless. In 1665 her first spouse died, and she moved into Herzberg Castle. On 14 June 1668, she married again, this time to Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg. In 1670, she purchased Brandenburg-Schwedt and other fiefs for her sons. In 1676, she became the commander of her own regiment, and in 1678 and 1692 equipped two fleets for the Brandenburg state.
She died in Karlsbad and is buried in Berlin Cathedral. The Dorotheenstadt neighbourhood of Berlin was a present to her from her husband and is named after her.
Issue.
From her second marriage, Sophia Dorothea had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="19043895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043895" title="TTEthernet">
TTEthernet

TTEthernet (SAE AS6802) is a computer network technology marketed by TTTech Computertechnik AG for use in airplanes and other real-time applications.
Description.
TTEthernet expands classical Ethernet with services to meet time-critical, deterministic or safety-relevant conditions. It claims to be compatible with IEEE 802.3 standards and integrate with other Ethernet networks.
Three message types are provided:
This compares to the eight quality of service classes defined by the IEEE P802.1p task group in 1998 and IEEE 802.1Q added to the standard protocol.
In 2008 the company announced Honeywell would apply the technology to applications in the aerospace and automation industry.
In 2010 a switch-based implementation was shown to perform better than shared bus systems such as FlexRay for use in automobiles.
TTEthernet versus TT-Ethernet.
The academic TT-Ethernet project was a joint research project between the Vienna University of Technology and TTTech. First results were published in 2005.
The project proposed a preemptive switch and built a prototype for 100 Megabit/second links in 2007. This switch identified the reception of a time-triggered message based on an identifier within the message and preempted other messages under transmission to free the outgoing ports for the time-triggered message.
Research continued within a joint industrial development between TTTech and Honeywell. TTEthernet was the industrial further development of the research. Objectives were extended towards scalable fault-tolerance and a finer classification of event-triggered messages into rate-constrained and best-effort traffic classes.

</doc>
<doc id="19043897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043897" title="Cláudia das Neves">
Cláudia das Neves

Cláudia "Claudinha" das Neves (born 17 February 1975 in Guarujá, São Paulo) is a Brazilian women's basketball player. Internationally, Claudinha has competed in two Summer Olympics: 2000 and 2008 Summer games with the Brazil women's national basketball team. At the 2000 games, Claudinha won a bronze medal. She has also competed for Brazil in other international competitions, including the 2002 FIBA World Championship for Women. Professionally, the Brazilian played in the WNBA in the United States from 1999-2002; the first three with the Detroit Shock and her final season with the Miami Sol.

</doc>
<doc id="19043901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043901" title="Thriller 25">
Thriller 25

Thriller 25 is the 25th-anniversary edition reissue of American recording artist Michael Jackson's sixth studio album "Thriller". The original album sold between 51 and 65 million copies worldwide, making it the world's best selling album of all time. The prospect of a "second chapter" to "Thriller" was first publicly discussed on "Access Hollywood" in late 2006. Jackson said he would discuss the idea with collaborator will.i.am. It was released in Australia on February 8, 2008, internationally on February 11, 2008, and on February 12, 2008 in the United States by Epic Records, Legacy Recordings and MJJ Productions.
"Thriller 25" was released by Sony BMG's re-issue division, Legacy Recordings. In the United Kingdom, the BBFC gave it a '15' certificate because it included the video for "Thriller". It is the first Jackson album with an age certificate. Along with the original material, the reissue contained remixes, new material, a DVD and collaborations with several contemporary artists.
Two singles, "The Girl Is Mine 2008" and "Wanna Be Startin' Somethin' 2008", were released from the album to moderate success and a number of the other remixes charted, despite no physical release. "Thriller 25" was a commercial success, selling three million copies worldwide in its 12 weeks, and was generally well received among critics, despite their view that the new material was not as inspiring as the original.
Background.
Jackson released his sixth studio album, "Thriller", on November 30, 1982. With sales estimated to be over 65 million copies worldwide, "Thriller" became the world's best selling album of all time; the album was the first in history to yield seven top-ten singles. The success of "Thriller" put Jackson into the dominating position of pop music, becoming an international pop-cultural icon.
Jackson was asked about a "second chapter" to "Thriller" on "Access Hollywood" in late 2006. He said he would discuss it with collaborator will.i.am but hadn't yet considered it, "No I haven't really thought about it in that way but I would give it more thought. We haven't really discussed it yet, on that level, but I'm sure at some point we will. But it's a great thought." will.i.am served as executive producer; the album's release was announced in an Epic Records press release on November 30, 2007.
Release.
"Thriller 25" was released on CD and vinyl. Along with the original material there were seven bonus tracks. A new ballad called "For All Time" (with backing provided by Toto), Vincent Price's voice-over and five remixes featuring contemporary artists like Fergie and Akon. It also includes a DVD featuring three award-winning music videos, the Emmy-nominated "" "Billie Jean" performance, and a booklet with a message from Jackson. "For All Time" supposedly dates from 1982, but leaks often credit it as being from "Dangerous" sessions. Despite this, a new bridge was used in the "Thriller 25" release.
On the iTunes Store, Zune Marketplace, and Amazon MP3, a "Super Deluxe Edition" can be purchased which also features the bonus material from "Thriller: Special Edition", "Billie Jean (Underground Mix)", an instrumental "Thriller" mix, an extended "Billie Jean" and a digital booklet. Copies bought in Target, Best Buy, Circuit City and Independent Music Stores in the US feature the bonus tracks "Billie Jean (Four on the Floor Club Mix)", "Thriller (Def Thrill Remix)", "Wanna Be Startin' Somethin' (Extended 12" Mix)" and "Billie Jean (Four on the Floor Radio Mix)" respectively. Sony also released a "fan pack" containing "Thriller 25" and the "Number Ones" DVD.
Promotion.
To help promote the album, Jackson's website was recreated and accounts on networking websites like MySpace and Facebook were set up. On February 3, 2008 a Sobe advertisement was aired during Super Bowl XLII to over 95 million Americans, with Naomi Campbell and Sanam Nazar CGI lizards dancing to "Thriller". The ad aired again at the Grammys on February 10, 2008. In the United Kingdom, Odeon Cinemas ran free "Thriller" viewings on February 8 and February 9, 2008 and television adverts announcing the release were aired throughout Europe.
"The Girl Is Mine 2008" and "Wanna Be Startin' Somethin' 2008" were the first singles taken from the album. "The Girl Is Mine 2008" reached number two in Japan, three in Mexico, six in the Netherlands and the top twenty positions in the major European markets. "Wanna Be Startin' Somethin' 2008" reached number three in Sweden, four in New Zealand, eight in Australia, ten in France and thirty-two in Canada, but had disappointing sales in America. These were Jackson's first singles since "One More Chance" in 2003. The album track "Beat It 2008" also began charting in European countries, reaching number 26 in Switzerland, 31 in Denmark, 43 in Sweden, 60 in Japan, 74 in Germany, 75 in Austria, and 77 in Canada. as did "Billie Jean 2008", reaching 91 in Germany.
Commercial performance.
"Thriller 25" was a commercial success. It peaked at number one in 11 countries and Europe. It peaked at number two in the United States, number three in the United Kingdom and reached the top ten in over 30 national charts. "Thriller 25" spent three weeks at number one in France and two weeks at number one in Belgium. The album has been certified gold in 11 countries, including the UK. In Poland, the album was certified gold, reaching number six on the chart on its release day, and is Jackson's highest charting album in Norway. In France "Thriller 25" received a 2x Gold certification, and in Poland it was certified platinum.
In the United States, "Thriller 25" was the second best-selling album of its release week, selling 166,000 copies, just 14,000 short of reaching the number one position. It was ineligible for the "Billboard" 200 chart as a re-release but entered the Pop Catalog Charts at number one (where it stayed for ten non-consecutive weeks), with the best sales on that chart since December 1996. That November, "Thriller 25" spent an 11th non-consecutive week atop the US catalog chart. This brought US sales of the album to 688,000 copies, making it the best-selling catalog album of 2008, eventually selling 1.2 million U.S. copies and three million shipments worldwide until Michael Jackson's death. This was Jackson's best launch since "Invincible" in 2001.
Totally worldwide sells of the 25th anniversary reissue reached 10 million copies at the end of the decade.
Critical reception.
Critics reacted positively to the album, much like their review on the original. All reviews noted that the album is still enjoyable, twenty-five years on. Allmusic explains, "... 'Wanna Be Startin' Somethin" and 'Billie Jean' remain startling in their futuristic funk and 'Baby Be Mine' ... sounds positively incandescent ..." "Rolling Stone" gave it a full five stars while giving the original only four saying: ""Thriller " has MJ at his breathiest and most salacious ('PYT'), and his most beautifully fragile ('Human Nature', so open and brave it makes 'She's Out of My Life' seem phony)".
MTV says, "... it's pretty rare to see a reissue loaded with as much contemporary appeal as this one", and reacted positively to the new tracks, calling them "silver bars". The new material received further praise, with the ballad "For All Time" being described as "perfectly fine" by Allmusic. "Rolling Stone" described the new version of "Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'" as "actually kind of great — he slows it down into a piano ballad, lingering over the easily obscured lyrics." Pop Matters stated that the new version of "The Girl Is Mine" is better than the original, not losing anything with the removal of Paul McCartney. However, most critics agreed that the new versions were not as inspiring as the originals; some even said that the guest artists were the wrong choice. Allmusic notes, "for whatever reason, such Michael-mimicking superstars as Justin Timberlake and Chris Brown did not participate, but Akon, Fergie, and will.i.am did."
Track listing.
"Thriller 25: Japanese Single Collection".
In 2008 a limited edition of "Thriller 25" was released in Japan.
CD 1
CD 2
CD 3
CD 4
CD 5
CD 6
CD 7

</doc>
<doc id="19043905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043905" title="Betula ermanii">
Betula ermanii

Betula ermanii, or Erman's birch, is a species of birch tree belonging to the family Betulaceae. It is an extremely variable species and can be found in Northeast China, Korea, Japan, and Russian Far East (Kuril Islands, Sakhalin, Kamchatka). It can grow to tall. It is noted for its peeling bark, which can sometimes be removed in sheets, but usually shreds and hangs from the trunk and under branches. Yellow-brown male catkins appear with the leaves in Spring.
The cultivar 'Grayswood Hill' has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="19043906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043906" title="Selmo Cikotić">
Selmo Cikotić

Selmo Cikotić (born January 25, 1964) is a politician of Bosnia and Herzegovina, member of the Party of Democratic Action, and former Army officer. He is the current Minister of Defence, a post he was appointed to in February 2007, but unable to take up officially until 22 April 2007, when a ban on former army officers performing defence-related civilian duties expired.
In February 1993 he was made commander of operational group Zapad of the 3rd Corps of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Bugojno.
Cikotić served as the military attaché at the embassy of Bosnia and Herzegovina to the United States in Washington, D.C. from December 1994 to 1997. As Brigadier General he was enrolled at the U.S. Army's Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth in June 1997, before being expelled as a result of unconfirmed accusations made by Croatian officials that he commanded soldiers who killed and tortured people in and around Bugojno.
From 2000 to 2004 he was the Commander of the 1st Corps of the Federation Army, and from 2004 to 2007 CEO of OKI in Sarajevo.
In June 2007 he jointly attended a Euro-Atlantic Partnership Council at the NATO headquarters in Brussels with the Serbian defence minister Dragan Šutanovac, together they expressed their governments' wish to join NATO as soon as possible.
In March 2008 he led a five member delegation to Pakistan, to discuss "bilateral cooperation between the two Muslim countries".
Cikotić has a master's degree from the University of Sarajevo in 2004 and is fluent in English.
References.
Selmo CIKOTIC was born on January 25, 1964, in Berane, Montenegro. 
Upon completing elementary school at his birthplace, he attended Military High school in Belgrade, and finished it 1982. Having graduated from former Yugoslav Military Academy in 1986 (air defense branch) he began his professional officer career, acting as a commander and teacher of reserve officer cadets at Air Defense School Center at Zadar.
1990/91 school year he completed English language school at JNA Foreign Languages School Center in Belgrade.
During the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina he performed different military assignments, including the duty of a Battalion commander, Operational group (division size) commander and the Corps chief of staff. He, also, acted as a Liaison officer of BH Supreme Command with UNPROFOR Command in Sarajevo, for three months, during the first year of the war.
From the end of 1994 until June 1997, he served as the Defense Attaché of Bosnia and Herzegovina to The USA, in Washington DC, where he participated at Dayton peace talks, as a member of Bosnia and Herzegovina state delegation, negotiating the military aspects of the Overall framework agreement.
Afterwards, from August 1997, till January 1999, he worked as the Chief of Doctrine, Education and Training Division of B&H Federation Military. Then, he was assigned as the Chief of personal staff of B&H Federation Deputy Defense Minister. 
From April until November 2000 he acted as the 1st corps of Federation Military Deputy Commander and then as a Commander of the same corps, from November 2000 until April 2004, when he retired from military service with the rank of brigadier.
In the aftermath of his military career he worked for three years in a private construction company OKI Sarajevo as CEO.
From April 22, 2007 up to March 5, 2012 he was assigned to the position of the Defense Minister of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Dr. Selmo Cikotic is currently the Dean of American School of Government at American University in Bosnia and Herzegovina and teaches “International public law” and “Theory and practice of political and economic diplomacy”. 
For last two years he works as a visiting fellow at Geneva Center for Security Policy and teaches “National Security Policies and Strategies” and “Leadership” at doctoral studies at Sarajevo University.
From 2000 he attended Postgraduate studies at The Sarajevo University Faculty of Political Sciences and earned MA degree in security and defense. The title of his MA theses was: „Possibilities of Transfer of Compatible Solutions from USA Security System to the Security System of B&H“. 
He defended his PhD theses under the title: “SECURITY PROSPECTS OF BOSNIA AND HERCEGOVINA” in July 2008. 
In May 2009 he was elected Docent for Politics and Strategies of National Security at Faculty of Political Sciences at Sarajevo University.
He published a number of articles, translated a lot of military field manuals and studies, from English to Bosnian. His two books, “THE USA – BIH, POSSIBLE TRANSFER OF SECURITY SOLUTIONS” and “SECURITY PROSPECTIVES OF BOSNIA AND HERCEGOVINA” were published in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19043911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043911" title="Besættelse">
Besættelse

Besættelse (English: Possession) is a 1944 Danish film noir directed by Bodil Ipsen and starring Johannes Meyer and Berthe Qvistgaard. Based upon a novel by Hans Severensen, the film is a dark psychological drama about an aging businessman whose erotic obsession with a cynical young woman leads to his eventual downfall.

</doc>
<doc id="19043931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043931" title="Friedrich Tinner">
Friedrich Tinner

Friedrich Tinner, also known as Fred Tinner; Born 1937, is a Swiss nuclear engineer and a long-associated friend of Dr. Abdul Qadeer Khan— Pakistan's former top scientist— and connected with the Khan nuclear network trafficking in the proliferation of nuclear materials and centrifuge designs to Iran, Libya, and North Korea. In 2006, Tinner was revealed by the IAEA's investigators as the foreign director and technical head of the Libyan nuclear program. In Libya, Tinner ran the illicit nuclear experiments, using the expertise and technical information he received from his friend dr. Abdul Qadeer Khan, in behalf of Libyan nuclear program. According to Khan, Tinner was the former researcher of the Kahuta Research Laboratories during the 1970s, where he worked there as a research scientist under the supervision of Dr. A.Q. Khan. Tinner is known and has been connected in particular with gas centrifuge technology used for isotopic enrichment of uranium.
Education.
Friedrich Tinner was born in Bern, Switzerland, in 1937 to a Swiss family. He received his early and intermediate education there at Bern where he studied science and per-mathematical courses at a local school. In 1961, Tinner went to Belgium to attend a technical university to study engineering and attended Katholieke Universiteit Leuven. During this time, Abdul Qadeer Khan was also studying for his master's degree in engineering. It was Tinner's college life when he met with Khan and befriended with him in short time. Tinner and Khan studied at "Leuven" and stayed in a same dorm room. Tinner received his master of science in Nuclear engineering and took a government assignment in Vienna. Even after Khan moved to Netherlands as he joined the URENCO Group, Tinner continued his close association with Khan. After his college years, Tinner went on to work for International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and was made responsible for uranium reactor for the purpose of power generation. Throughout this time, Tinner kept close contact with Dr. A. Q. Khan.
Nuclear Proliferation.
There are many controversial media and intelligence reports that Friedrich Tinner and his sons Urs and Marco Tinner, have lived in Pakistan for a long time, where they have worked for Khan Labs as research associates under the supervision of Dr. Abdul Qadeer Khan. According to the New York Times, Tinner had a long and close relationship with Dr. A.Q. Khan. Tinner and Dr. Khan were college friends in Belgium where they studied together. Tinner, who were working at International Atomic Energy Agency as a uranium expert in the 1980s, resigned from his job and moved to Pakistan, along with his family, where he joined Dr. Khan's KRL in early 1980s. The Swiss news agency also reported that Tinner had been working with Dr. Abdul Qadir Khan in mid-1970s, using his expertise in vacuum technology to develop atomic centrifuges.
However, Khan maintained that Khan first met with Tinner in 1976 when Khan and Tinner were placing sensitive projects for the Vakuum-Apparate-Technik (VTA) (English: "Vacuum Apparatus Technology"). A competent nuclear engineer, Tinner left VTA and traveled to Pakistan quite often as he was employed at Khan's Engineering Research Laboratories (ERL). Tinner resides with Khan and his family where, at ERL, Tinner performed experiments under Khan's supervision. However, in the 1980s, Tinner left for Libya and was invited by Colonel Muammar Gaddafi to join and head the Libyan nuclear program. From the 1980s till 1989, Tinner tried to maintain the Libyan nuclear program and performed illicit and illegal experiments. However, Tinner again left for Pakistan and the program was dismantled. In 1995, Tinner again returned to Libya with the documentation provided by Khan. Following his return, Tinner became technical directorate officer of Libyan nuclear program, using Khan's expertise to developed the centrifuges. However, due to Libya's academic progress and lack of technicians, the program could not prevailed and suffered many setbacks. In 2000, Khan provided sensitive centrifuge designs to Tinner on gas-centrifuge method. But due to its complexity and difficulty, Tinner was unable to established the gas-cetrifuge program for Libyan nuclear program, therefore, Colonel Gaddafi dismantle and rolled back the program. In 2004, Libya dismantled its program and provided its technical and nuclear materials to IAEA and the United States. Libyan revelation also led the arrest of its former head of the program, Friederich Tinner. In Pakistan, Abdul Qadeer Khan was debriefed by the Pakistan Armed Forces which continued until next 4 years.
Arrest and Allegations.
His 43 year-old son Urs Tinner has been in custody since 2004 as a suspect in the same network. His brother, Marco Tinner, is also in custody on similar charges.
In May, the President of the Swiss Confederation, Pascal Couchepin announced that the Tinner files, believed to number around 30,000 documents, had been shredded. This was justified to avoid them, "getting into the hands of a terrorist organisation or an unauthorised state", according to Couchepin. However it is alleged that this was a cover-up, to hide the involvement of Urs Tinner with the CIA. Although the Swiss government claimed that the shredding was a security requirement of the IAEA as a measure against nuclear proliferation, it is widely alleged that this was done solely under American pressure, either to hide their involvement or to avoid damage to their own propaganda. Swiss senator Dick Marty has questioned the need for their destruction, pointing out that they could merely have been held secret.

</doc>
<doc id="19043935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043935" title="Lisa Marie Presley">
Lisa Marie Presley

Lisa Marie Presley (born February 1, 1968) is an American singer-songwriter. She is the only child of singer/actor Elvis Presley.
As sole heir to her father's estate, Presley is the owner of Graceland, the Memphis mansion where her father lived, now a major tourist attraction. She has conducted a long career in the music business and has issued several albums and videos. Her work as a vocalist and lyricist has ranged across rock, country, blues and folk.
Presley has been married four times. In 1988, she married musician Danny Keough, with whom she had a son and a daughter. She was then married to pop singer Michael Jackson and briefly to actor Nicolas Cage, before marrying music producer Michael Lockwood, father of her twin girls. In 2010, they moved to Rotherfield, East Sussex, England, United Kingdom.
Early life.
Lisa Marie Presley was born at Baptist Memorial Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee, exactly nine months after her parents' wedding. She lived at Graceland, Elvis' Memphis estate, until her parents separated in 1972. Following their separation and subsequent divorce, she divided her time between living at Graceland with her father and in Beverly Hills with her mother. This arrangement continued until her father died on August 16, 1977, after which she lived exclusively in Beverly Hills.
When her father died, Lisa Marie became joint-heir to his estate with her grandfather Vernon Presley and her great-grandmother Minnie Mae Presley. Following the deaths of Vernon in 1979 and Minnie Mae in 1980, Lisa became the sole heir and inherited Graceland. In 1993, on her 25th birthday, she inherited the estate, which had grown to an estimated $100 million.
Music career.
On April 8, 2003, Presley released her debut album, "To Whom It May Concern". It reached No. 5 on the Billboard 200 albums chart and was certified gold in June 2003. Presley wrote all the lyrics (except "The Road Between", which was co-written with Gus Black) and co-wrote every melody. To promote it, she presented a concert in the UK. The album's first single, "Lights Out", reached No. 18 on the "Billboard" Hot Adult Top 40 chart and No. 16 on the UK charts. Presley collaborated with Billy Corgan of the Smashing Pumpkins for a co-written track called "Savior", which was included as the B-side.
Los Angeles Times critic Robert Hilburn reviewed Presley's debut album. He said, "The music on her new album, has a stark, uncompromising tone" and "Presley's gutsy blues-edged voice has a distinctive flair."
Her second album, released April 5, 2005, "Now What", reached No. 9 on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart. Presley co-wrote 10 songs and recorded covers of Don Henley's "Dirty Laundry" (the album's first single, which hit No. 36 on the "Billboard" 100 AC singles chart), and the Ramones' "Here Today and Gone Tomorrow". The song "Idiot" is a jab towards different men in her life. Unlike her first album, "Now What" included a Parental Advisory sticker. Presley covers Blue Öyster Cult's "Burnin' for You" as a B-side. Pink makes a guest appearance on the track "Shine".
Her third album, "Storm & Grace", was released on May 15, 2012. She said: "It's much more of a rootsy record, organic record, than my previous work." It is produced by Oscar and Grammy winner T-Bone Burnett.
Allmusic offered this view: "On her first two albums, Lisa Marie Presley wanted to be a pop star with a difference; on "Storm & Grace", she clearly would rather be an artist, and if she's still working her musical shortcomings out of her system, this is a stronger, more mature, and more effective work than one might have expected. Nearly ten years into a recording career she may or may not have wanted, Presley is finally developing a musical personality that truly suits her."
Spinner.com observed: "Presley has made the strongest album of her career in the upcoming "Storm & Grace". It's a moody masterpiece, exploring the demons and angels of her life to the tune of country-spiced downbeat pop."
"Entertainment Weekly" praised the "smoky, spooky" single "You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet".
Collaborations.
Pat Benatar and Lisa Marie Presley performed at the VH1 Divas Duets, a concert to benefit the VH1 Save the Music Foundation held at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 22, 2003, in Las Vegas. Together they sang Benetar's hit "Heartbreaker", which Presley frequently performed at her own concerts on tours afterward.
Also in 2003, Presley contributed a recording of "Silent Night" for the NBC Holiday Collection, Sounds of the Season. Other artists singing on this collection include Kylie Minogue, Coldplay, Michael Bublé, Carly Simon and Bonnie Raitt.
In 2006 a documentary about Johnny Ramone of the rock group the Ramones was released called "Too Tough to Die: A Tribute to Johnny Ramone". Directed by Mandy Stein, the film shows Deborah Harry, the Dickies, X, Eddie Vedder, Lisa Marie and the Red Hot Chili Peppers as they stage a benefit concert to celebrate the Ramones' 30th anniversary and to raise money for cancer research.
In August 2007, the single "In the Ghetto" was released. Elvis Presley had originally released the single in 1969. In the new version, Lisa "duets" with her father. The video, simultaneously released with the single, reached No. 1 on the iTunes sales and No. 16 on "Billboard"s Bubbling Under Hot 100 singles chart. The song was recorded to commemorate the thirtieth anniversary of her father's death. Lisa Marie said she decided not only to sing, but to sing with him. "I wanted to use this for something good," she told Spinner, so she filmed the video in New Orleans. Proceeds from the video and single benefited a new Presley Place Transitional Housing Campus there. Lisa Marie appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" to perform the song with the Harlem Gospel Choir, using vintage footage of her father.
In October 2009, she joined singer Richard Hawley on stage in London. She sang vocals on a song the pair had been working on called "Weary". Hawley wants to help Presley relaunch her music career, and the two have embarked on a songwriting partnership in which Lisa writes the lyrics and Hawley the music. In an interview with Oprah Winfrey, Presley said that she was currently recording a new album in London due to be released in 2011.
T-Bone Burnett said of collaborating with Presley on "Storm & Grace" (2012): "When songs from Lisa Marie Presley showed up at my door, I was curious. I wondered what the daughter of an American revolutionary music artist had to say. What I heard was honest, raw, unaffected and soulful. I thought her father would be proud of her. The more I listened to the songs, the deeper an artist I found her to be. Listening beyond the media static, Lisa Marie Presley is a Southern American folk music artist of great value."
Music videos.
In 1997, Lisa Marie made a video of "Don't Cry Daddy" as a duet with her father. This video was presented on August 16, 1997, at the tribute
concert that marked the 20th anniversary of Elvis' death. The video has Elvis' original vocal to which new instrumentation and Lisa Marie's vocals were added; the recording was not for commercial use. The song created a renewed interest in her as a recording artist. It displayed the huskey timbre in her voice.
Lisa Marie's video for her debut single "Lights Out" premiered in February 2003. Directed by Francis Lawrence, the video was from her album "To Whom It May Concern". Her second video from that album was directed by Barnaby Roper and shot in New York for the song "Sinking In".
On Presley's second album in 2005, her first single and video was for a cover of Don Henley's "Dirty Laundry". The video was directed by Patrick Hoelck and singer George Michael made a cameo appearance in it. Patrick Hoelck teamed with Lisa Marie for her second video from that album for the song "Idiot" and shot the video in downtown Los Angeles. Through the video Lisa follows a woman through the streets. We never see her face until the end, when she gets in a cab with Lisa, putting her face to face with another version of herself.
Presley teamed up again with Director Tony Kaye (American History X) for the video of "In The Ghetto." Lisa Marie Presley filmed the video 'In the Ghetto', featuring her late father Elvis, in hurricane-ravaged New Orleans. All proceeds from the video and single went to benefit a new Presley Place transitional housing campus there. "I wanted to use this for something good," Lisa Marie told Spinner of the posthumous duet.
In 2006 Presley was asked to take part in a video of Johnny Cash's "God's Gonna Cut You Down". Rick Rubin produced the record and Tony Kaye directed the video which featured Lisa Marie Presley, Iggy Pop, Kanye West, Chris Martin, Kris Kristofferson, Flea, Chris Rock, Justin Timberlake, Sheryl Crow, Dennis Hopper, Bono, Shelby Lynne, Jay-Z, Keith Richards and Johnny Depp and won a 2008 Grammy Award for Best Short Form Music Video.
Presley appeared in Michael Jackson's 'You Are Not Alone' video in June 1995, directed by Wayne Isham.
Activism.
On September 26, 2002, Lisa Marie Presley addressed a Congressional hearing in opposition to the use of medication in treating ADHD, stating: "I have spoken to children who have been forced to take a cocaine-like stimulant to control their behavior; I have shared their sense of sheer desperation. Children have been wrenched from their family's care simply because their parents favored an alternative, drug-free approach to addressing educational and behavioral problems. The psychotropic drugging of millions of children has to stop." Addressing the Committee as the International Spokesperson for Children's Rights, for the Citizens Commission on Human Rights (CCHR), Presley commented on this lack of information provided to parents: "I want to emphasize looking for drug free answers. Only by looking for alternatives to drugs will parents discover for themselves the numerous simple, workable and drug-free answers to the problems of attention, behavior and learning. A child could suffer from allergies, lead poisoning, eyesight or hearing problems, or be simply in need of tutoring, or something even more basic than that—phonics. Instead of supporting what is drug pushing, our governments, schools and doctors must ensure that all—not carefully selected—information is made available to parents in order for them to make an informed choice about their child's educational and medical needs".
In December 2004, President Bush signed legislation prohibiting forced psychiatric drugging of schoolchildren and Presley applauded Congress for passing precedent-setting legislation that bans school personnel from forcing parents to drug their children for classroom or behavioral problems.
On September 6, 2006, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg Proclaimed MAC Viva Glam Day in New York City with Spokespeople Lisa Marie Presley, Eve and Dita Von Teese. All monies raised from the sale of the MAC Viva Glam lipstick went to the MAC AIDS Fund.
Charity work and humanitarian efforts.
In October 1997, Presley along with friend and fellow Memphian Isaac Hayes, opened the Literacy, Education and Ability Program (LEAP). LEAP is a free program for children and people of all ages in Memphis, Tennessee. LEAP provides effective educational services and materials that help people learn how to learn and study effectively and thereby have the ability to achieve their goals and realize their full potential. LEAP is run by Applied Scholastics.
The Elvis Presley Charitable Foundation (EPCF) was formed by Graceland/Elvis Presley Enterprises, Inc. in 1984 to continue Elvis' own tradition of generosity and community service and to honor his memory. The EPCF is overseen by Lisa Marie Presley, chairperson, and the management team of Graceland/Elvis Presley Enterprises, Inc. In 2001, Presley Place opened to its first residents. Presley Place provides homeless families up to one year of rent-free housing, child day care, career and financial counseling, family management guidance and other tools to help them break the cycle of poverty and regain self-esteem and independence. Also funded by the EPCF is the Elvis Presley Music Room, where the youngsters of Presley Place and other may enjoy access to musical instruments and instruction and participate in special related programs. The EPCF created the Elvis Presley Endowed Scholarship Fund at the College of Communication & Fine Arts at the University of Memphis to assist students majoring in areas of the arts. "All of us with the EPCF and Elvis Presley Enterprises are extremely proud of this amazing facility," stated Presley. "The work that MIFA does truly has an impact on peoples' lives and we look forward to this collaboration."
Presley joined Oprah Winfrey and her Angel Network and was active in the relief efforts after hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans and surrounding areas. Presley gave a helping hand in Memphis, Tennessee. "I'm here," she said, "because I definitely needed to do something, and it just so happens this is where I'm from. I'm going to do everything I can. People need help—this is a huge catastrophe and everyone needs to stand up." Her first stop was a food bank, where, with the help of FedEx and Kroger, Lisa Marie loaded a truck with groceries. Then it was time for a pit stop at Target for toiletries and clothes. "I thought I was going to grab a couple things at the store," Presley said, "and I ended up filling up a truck. I went a little crazy." Presley's final destination was the Grand Casino Convention Center in Mississippi to distribute the supplies to people who had lost everything. One evacuee said, "I really appreciate everything Ms. Presley is doing for us. We have nothing, so we're very grateful for everything she's doing".
In 2011, Presley became a patron of the Dream Factory, a charity based in Hainault. Presley was one of the celebrity guests at the Snowball held at the Prince Regent in Chigwell in aid of the Dream Factory. Actors Ray Winstone and Sid Owen, who are both patrons of the charity, and Amanda Redman were also among guests at the star-studded event, which raised £59,000 towards granting the wishes of terminally ill children and those with life-threatening illnesses or disabilities. Organizer Avril Mills said: "We have granted 83 dreams in under three years, so the money is going to go towards a lot more dreams. It costs between £500 and £5,000 for a dream. Lisa Marie Presley was very nice and she now wants to become a patron of the charity. We talked about the charity and she brought a big framed picture of Elvis, which she got flown over for the Dream Factory from Graceland, and that raised £7,000."
Grammy Foundation.
On June 6, 2004, Presley was on hand as the Grammy Foundation, in partnership with 7-UP, named Long Beach Polytechnic High School a Gold Grammy Signature School at Scottish Rite Cathedral in Long Beach, California. Created in 1998, the GRAMMY Signature Schools program recognizes top U.S. public high schools that are making an outstanding commitment to music education during an academic school year. Presley presented the custom award and a monetary grant to benefit the school's music program.
On October 22, 2005, Presley presented a special award to Isaac Hayes at the Memphis Recording Academy Honors. A host of hometown stars gathered to see Presley, Justin Timberlake, Isaac Hayes and David Porter honored by the Memphis chapter of the Recording Academy. Presley and music producer Jimmy Jam presented the award to Hayes.
On November 11, 2005, Presley participated in a GRAMMY SoundCheck at LA's House of Blues, during which she and other industry professionals met with a group of music students to discuss career opportunities available to them within the music industry.
Awards and honors.
On January 5, 2002, Presley received the Humanitarian Award from the World Literacy Crusade for her efforts to help children across America learn valuable skills for study and improve their lives. Lisa Marie Presley received her award from Isaac Hayes, Chaka Khan and Yolanda King, daughter of the late Martin Luther King Jr. World Literacy Crusade is also regarded by critics as a front group for the Church of Scientology.
On June 12, 2005, Presley received recognition as the Favorite Female rock Vocalist from ASYM, the Association of Songwriters and Young Musicians. The award was presented to her by producer and collaborator Linda Perry at the House of Blues in Los Angeles. Presley was accompanied by her husband Michael Lockwood and mother Priscilla Presley. Other award recipients that night were the Goo Goo Dolls. The American Society of Young Musicians (ASYM) is a national nonprofit organization of musicians, songwriters, vocalists and studio technicians.
On June 24, 2011, Presley was awarded in the state of Tennessee where the Governor, Bill Haslam, proclaimed a day of recognition for Presley to honor her charitable efforts.
As stated in a proclamation received from the City of Memphis on June 18, 2011:
"Lisa Marie Presley is a humanitarian and philanthropist who continues to focus her efforts on the hometown she knows and loves, Memphis. Through her efforts and time she has improved homelessness, literacy, and raised funds for local charities and organizations. She raises awareness for Memphis and continues to set an example of what one person can do when they put their mind to it.
"Now, Therefore, I, A.C. Wharton, Jr., Mayor of Memphis, TN, do hereby recognize the lifelong service of this illustrious humanitarian and philanthropist."
Personal life.
Marriages and relationships.
Presley married musician Danny Keough on October 3, 1988. They had two children together: Riley Keough (born May 29, 1989) and Benjamin Keough (born October 21, 1992). Presley announced their separation to the press in April 1994 and obtained a quickie divorce in the Dominican Republic on May 6, 1994.
Twenty days after her divorce from Keough, Presley married singer Michael Jackson. They had first met in 1975 when a seven-year-old Presley attended several of his concerts in Las Vegas. According to a friend of Presley's, "their adult friendship began in November 1992 in L.A." They stayed in contact every day over the telephone. As child molestation accusations became public, Jackson became dependent on Lisa for emotional support. She was concerned about his faltering health and his addiction to drugs. Lisa explained, "I believed he didn't do anything wrong, and that he was wrongly accused and, yes, I started falling for him. I wanted to save him. I felt that I could do it." Shortly afterwards, she tried to persuade Jackson to settle the allegations out of court and go into rehabilitation to recover. He subsequently did both. In January 1996, citing irreconcilable differences, Lisa Marie filed for divorce, according to legal papers. Michael Jackson had originally planned to file for divorce first. However after Presley begged him not to file, Jackson caved in only to discover front page the next day that Presley had filed for divorce.
In an October 2010 interview with talk-show host Oprah Winfrey, Lisa Marie told Oprah that she and Michael Jackson spent the four years following their divorce together, on and off, in an attempt to reconcile and said that she had traveled to different parts of the world in order to be with him. In May 1999, Presley met musician John Oszajca. They became engaged in February 2000, but Presley broke off the engagement in April 2001 after meeting Nicolas Cage at Johnny Ramone's 52nd birthday party.
Presley's third marriage was to Cage. They were married on August 10, 2002, in an outdoor wedding at the Mauna Lani Bay Hotel on the Big Island of Hawaii. Cage had proposed just ten days earlier. Cage filed for divorce after 108 days of marriage, on November 25, 2002, just two days after the couple attended the premiere of his film "Adaptation". The divorce was finalized on May 16, 2004. The divorce proceeding lasted longer than the marriage.
Presley married for a fourth time on January 22, 2006, to Michael Lockwood, her guitarist, music producer and director. Keough served as best man at the couple's wedding, held in Japan. Priscilla Presley walked her down the aisle in front of sixteen guests. In March 2008, Presley announced that she was pregnant, following speculation over her apparent weight gain. Her husband is a first-time father. On October 7, 2008, Presley gave birth to fraternal twin girls, Harper Vivienne Ann and Finley Aaron Love via Caesarean section. The twins weighed 5 pounds 2 ounces (2.3 kg) and 5 lb 15oz (2.7 kg), respectively. Twins run on both sides of Presley's family; her father Elvis had a stillborn twin brother and her mother Priscilla has younger brothers who are twins.
Presley stated that she and her family have moved to Britain: "We have found the quality of life so much more enriching and fulfilling. The civility, the culture, the people and its beauty have reawakened me and have smoothed out some of my bleak and jagged views about people and life." In August 2010, Presley and her family were reported to have bought an £8-million stately home in Rotherfield, East Sussex.
Elvis Presley estate.
After Elvis' death at Graceland on 16 August 1977, his will appointed his father, Vernon Presley, executor and trustee. His fortune had dwindled to only $5 million. The beneficiaries of the trust were Vernon, Elvis' grandmother Minnie Mae Presley, and his nine-year-old daughter Lisa Marie Presley, whose inheritance was to be held in trust until her twenty-fifth birthday. After Vernon's death in 1979, Elvis' ex-wife Priscilla Presley was named as one of three trustees in his will; the others being the National Bank of Commerce in Memphis, and Joseph Hanks, who had been Elvis and Vernon's accountant. With Minnie Mae's passing in 1980, Lisa Marie became the only surviving beneficiary named in Elvis's will.
On her 25th birthday in 1993, Lisa Marie inherited Elvis' estate, which, thanks largely to the stewardship of her mother, Priscilla, had grown to an estimated $100 million.
In 1998, Lisa became more closely involved with the management team of the Elvis Presley Trust and its business entity, Elvis Presley Enterprises, Inc.(EPE). She was owner and Chairman of the Board until February 2005, when she sold 85% of the estate's business holdings to CKX, Inc., excluding Graceland itself and the property within it.
Lisa Marie Presley continues to be involved, as does her mother Priscilla. Lisa Marie Presley retains 100% sole personal ownership of Graceland Mansion itself and its over 13-acre original grounds and her father's personal effects – meaning costumes, wardrobe, awards, furniture, cars, etc. She has made the mansion property and her father's personal effects permanently available for tours of Graceland and for use in all of EPE's operations.
"Elvis Through His Daughter's Eyes" Exhibit.
In February 2012, Lisa Marie Presley opened a new exhibit, "Elvis ... Through His Daughter's Eyes". It is now included in the Graceland VIP Tour, and features 200 items assembled by Lisa Marie and the Graceland Archives team.
The personal exhibit looks at Lisa Marie's experience of growing up with a famous father. Home movies, toys and rarely seen family mementos are among the many items on display.
Aircraft "Lisa Marie".
In November 1975, her father named one of his private aircraft, a converted Convair 880 jet (original passenger capacity: 100), after her. Elvis spent upwards of $1,000,000 refurbishing it to use as his main transport while on tour. The "Lisa Marie" and one of Elvis' other planes, "Hound Dog II", are currently on exhibit at the Graceland mansion museum of Elvis Presley in Memphis, Tennessee.
Discography.
Singles.
"—" denotes releases that did not chart

</doc>
<doc id="19043948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043948" title="Alik L. Alik">
Alik L. Alik

Alik L. Alik (born January 26, 1953) is a diplomat and politician from Federated States of Micronesia who has been the Vice President of the Federated States of Micronesia since 2007.
Born in Kosrae, Alik completed high school in 1973 and then left the island for education in the United States, attending United States International University in Hawaii from 1973 to 1976 and then Graceland College in Iowa from 1976 to 1979. After returning to Kosrae Alik, worked as a student counselor at the Kosrae High School for two years.
In 1982 he became a Foreign Service Officer for the FSM Department of External Affairs and promoted to Deputy Chief for the Division of South Pacific Affairs.
In 1989 Alik became first Micronesian ambassador to Fiji and served until 1998. While in Fiji he was also a cross-accredited as FSM’s Ambassador to: Israel, Tonga, Nauru, Kiribati, Samoa, Tuvalu, Solomon Islands and Vanuatu. In 1998 he was appointed ambassador to Japan.
His political career began in 2003, when he won Kosrae State’s at-large representative to the 13th FSM Congress in which he held chairmanship for the Committee on Resource and Development with membership on the Committees of Judiciary & Governmental Operations and also External Affairs. In 14th congress he assumed chairmanship of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
Alik became 7th Vice President of the Federated States of Micronesia on May 11, 2007.
He is married to former Shra C. Lonno. They have two children together.

</doc>
<doc id="19043956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043956" title="Henry Beaumont Herts">
Henry Beaumont Herts

Henry Beaumont Herts (1871 – 1933) was an American architect. 
Herts was born in New York City, attended, but did not graduate from, Columbia University, and apprenticed under Bruce Price. He studied architecture in Europe at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris and at the Universities of Rome and Heidelberg. 
In 1900 Herts, with partner Hugh Tallant, formed Herts & Tallant and became known for their theater designs. Tallant was the designer, and Herts serving as the engineer and businessperson. The 1903 New Amsterdam Theatre was their first big success, followed by the Fulton (razed in 1982), the Gaiety (razed in 1982), the Liberty (defunct in 1933), the Lyceum, the New German Theatre, and the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Herts perfected the cantilevered arch construction that enabled theater architects to support balconies without the use of columns.
The partnership with Tallant ended in 1911. Herts continued in business with assistant Herbert J. Krapp and produced the Booth, its companion the Schubert, and the Longacre Theaters. In 1915 Krapp left the firm. 
Herts also designed the Guggenheim family mausoleum at Salem Fields Cemetery, Brooklyn. 
Herts retired in 1928 due to poor health, and died in 1933. His papers are held at the Avery Architectural and Fine Arts Library at Columbia University.

</doc>
<doc id="19043965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043965" title="Plusia festucae">
Plusia festucae

The Gold Spot "(Plusia festucae)" is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found throughout the Palearctic ecozone from Ireland to Japan.
The wingspan is 34–46 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Carex", "Sparganium erectum", "Iris pseudacorus" and "Alisma".

</doc>
<doc id="19043977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19043977" title="Kirix Strata">
Kirix Strata

Kirix Strata is a specialty web browser designed for data analytics. Strata offers a browser's ability to view web pages, but also includes additional tools to perform data analysis and create reports based on structured data from local files, external relational databases and the Web.
The browser incorporates Mozilla's XULRunner into a proprietary data engine to create a rich internet application for working with data. Kirix Strata is a commercial product that uses the cross-platform wxWidgets toolkit and is supported on both Microsoft Windows and Linux.
History.
Kirix Corporation is a data analysis software company founded in January 2001 by four brothers and a friend. In its early years the company specialized in identifying duplicate payments and other overpayment errors in large corporate accounting systems.
In February 2005, Kirix launched Kirix Strata as a new desktop database for Windows and Linux at the LinuxWorld conference in Boston. The product combined some of the capabilities of a spreadsheet with those of a database management system and won the Product Excellence Award in the Best Desktop-Productivity-Business Application category.
In July 2007, Kirix relaunched Strata in beta as a specialty browser for working with data from anywhere, including from the Web. The beta product took the database features of the previously released version and incorporated the Mozilla Gecko layout engine to provide Web connectivity. Strata was officially released out of beta in April 2008 with the intention of bringing the simplicity of a web browser to the world of tabular data. Because of the web connectivity and the user-centric analytic features, Strata can also be considered a productivity tool for Business Intelligence 2.0.
Features.
As with other browsers such as Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox, Kirix Strata provides tools to view and interact with web pages. However, it deviates by focusing on manipulating and interacting with structured data:

</doc>
<doc id="19044024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044024" title="Quercus mongolica">
Quercus mongolica

Quercus mongolica, commonly known as Mongolian Oak, is a species of oak native to Japan, southern Kuriles, Sakhalin, Manchuria, Central and Northern China, Korea, eastern Mongolia, and eastern Siberia. The species can grow to be 30 m tall.
The flavono-ellagitannins mongolicin A and B can be found in "Quercus mongolica var. grosseserrata".

</doc>
<doc id="19044032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044032" title="Gag/pol translational readthrough site">
Gag/pol translational readthrough site

Gag/pol translational readthrough site (or Retroviral readthrough element) is a cis-regulatory element found in retroviruses. The readthrough site facilitates the mechanism of translation readthrough of the stop codon at the gag-pol junction producing the gag and pol fusion protein in certain retroviruses.
Retroviruses whose gag and pol genes are in the same reading frame often depend upon approximately 5% read-through of the gag UAG termination codon to form the gag-pol polyprotein. This readthrough is usually dependent on a pseudoknot located eight nucleotides downstream of the stop codon (UAG). Sequence conservation is found in the second pseudoknot loop.

</doc>
<doc id="19044041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044041" title="1983–84 DFB-Pokal">
1983–84 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1983–84 was the 41st season of the competition. It began on 16 August 1983 and ended on 31 May 1984. In the final Bayern Munich defeated Borussia Mönchengladbach 8–7 on penalties to take their seventh title. It was the first time the cup final was decided by a penalty shootout. 
Controversy raged after the penalty shoot out. Lothar Mattheus was playing his last game for Moenchengladbach before his big Summer move to Bayern. He stepped up to take the first penalty for Borussia and missed. Loyal Borussia fans claimed foul! This was later denied by Mattheus.

</doc>
<doc id="19044059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044059" title="Prévost, Quebec railway station">
Prévost, Quebec railway station

The Prévost, Quebec railway station (formerly the Shawbridge railway station) is a former Canadian Pacific railway station in Prévost, Quebec, Canada, formerly known as Shawbridge. It now serves as a café and cultural centre for area residents and users of the P'tit Train du Nord linear park cycling trail, and is no longer connected to the railway network.

</doc>
<doc id="19044072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044072" title="Luck of Edenhall">
Luck of Edenhall

The "Luck of Edenhall" is a glass beaker that was made in Syria or Egypt in the middle of the 14th century, elegantly decorated with arabesques in blue, green, red and white enamel with gilding. It is now in the Victoria and Albert Museum in London and is 15.8 cm high and 11.1 cm wide at the brim. It had reached Europe by the 15th century, when it was provided with a decorated stiff leather case with a lid, which includes the Christian IHS; this no doubt helped it to survive over the centuries. Glass drinking vessels very rarely survive—or remain in one family—for long enough to acquire a legendary status, so the successful passing of this vessel through many generations of the Musgrave family of Edenhall, Cumberland, is something of a miracle. Legend has it that this ancient beaker embodied the continuing prosperity of its owners. Telling the story in The Gentleman's Magazine in 1791, Rev. William Mounsey of Bottesford wrote:
The glass remained intact in the possession of the Musgrave family. In 1926 the glass was loaned to the Victoria and Albert Museum, and in 1958 it was finally acquired for the nation. It remains on permanent view in the Medieval & Renaissance galleries. Eden Hall no longer exists, having been demolished in 1934.
Popular culture.
The story of the Luck of Edenhall is told in the 2004 manga Bartender (manga). It is also the namesake for the protagonists's bar, Bar Eden Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19044102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044102" title="Izidor Papo">
Izidor Papo

Izidor Papo (December 31, 1913 – October 14, 1996) was a renowned surgeon, general, army medical academy chief and academician.
Papo was a Sephardi Jew born in Ljubuški, Austria-Hungary, in what later became Bosnia and Herzegovina. He finished high school in Mostar in 1932 with an excellent record. Papo enrolled in the Medical faculty of the University of Zagreb on which he graduated on time with a perfect 10.0 record and then worked as a doctor at the state hospital in Sarajevo up to 1941. 
Following the Axis powers' invasion of Yugoslavia, he joined the national liberation movement in 1941 and the partisan army in 1942 as doctor of the Mostar battalion, head of the 3rd division and partisan army supreme command surgical staff. He became a member of the Communist Party in June 1943. Papo graduated from the military medical academy in Leningrad in 1947 and became chief army surgeon and head of the surgical department of the army medical academy in Belgrade.
After the war, Papo turned to heart, lung and respiratory system surgery. His greatest achievements were in heart surgery. He performed some 2,000 open heart operations and gave some 400 of his patients artificial heart valves. 
Papo was elected as assistant professor in 1950, an associate professor in 1953 and professor in 1956. He also advanced in his military career. In 1975 he was promoted to general-colonel of the Yugoslav Army's medical unit. 
Between 1963 and 1966 he served as Surgical Section's President. That period saw very intensive work by the Section. He invited prominent surgeons from abroad to hold lectures at the Section's meetings. 
He became a correspondent member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts (SANU) in 1961 and a regular member in 1968. He was also a correspondent member of the academy of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Peru, a member of the French surgical academy and many international associations. He won the AVNOJ (the Antifascistic Council for the People's Liberation of Yugoslavia) and Belgrade October awards. He also received a number of Yugoslav and foreign decorations.
Professor Papo published 217 works in extenso, 13 of which abroad. He edited the textbook War Surgery. 
Professor Papo served over 30 years as chief of staff of the Military Medical Academy. He retired in 1982 and died on October 14, 1996 at 83 years of age and was buried in the Jewish Cemetery in Belgrade

</doc>
<doc id="19044171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044171" title="The Witch and the Chameleon">
The Witch and the Chameleon

The Witch and the Chameleon was a Canadian science fiction fanzine published from 1974-1976 by Amanda Bankier in Hamilton, Ontario. It is generally recognized as the first explicitly feminist fanzine. It ran for five issues, the last being nominally a "double issue" numbered 5/6.
Bankier was invited to be Fan Guest of Honor at WisCon in February 11-13, 1977, because of her pioneering role as editor of "The Witch and the Chameleon".

</doc>
<doc id="19044180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044180" title="F300">
F300

F300 or F.300 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19044187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044187" title="Wyvern House">
Wyvern House

Wyvern House, is one of the two single-sex, preparatory day schools for boys of Newington College and is located at 115 Cambridge Street Stanmore, New South Wales, Australia.
Wyvern has a non-selective enrolment policy and currently caters for approximately 390 boys from Kindergarten to year 6. The main point of entry is at Kindergarten, where there are 40 students, with another class intake at Year 5.
History.
The Wesleyan Collegiate Institute opened at Newington House, Silverwater, on Thursday 16 July 1863, with 16 students aged from seven years of age - so, Newington College, as the school soon became known, has educated primary school aged boys from its foundation. A bequest, by John Jones, of land at Stanmore, saw the College move to the newly fashionable inner-city suburbs of Sydney in 1880. The Rev Dr Charles Prescott, as President and Headmaster of Newington, wanted to give greater emphasis to preparatory education at the College but it was twenty years after his arrival at Stanmore before a separate prep was first opened. This was made possible by the 1921 bequest of £10,000 by Sir Samuel McCaughey.
By 1937 the McCaughey building was considered inadequate and the then Headmaster, Philip Le Couteur, pushed for the construction of a purpose built school for junior education and he is seen as the founder of the present day Wyvern House. The Old Newingtonian architect Lt Col Alfred Warden VD designed the building and it was inaugurated on 7 October 1938. A major benefactor to the project was Fred Cull and he unveilled a commemorative stone which read: "This House was erected by those who desire for boys a fuller life." The first Wyvern boys started on day one of the new year when an old boy, Sir Percival Halse Rogers, was invited to open the front door with a specially-made gold key.
On its opening, Wyvern had dormitory accommodation for fifty prep boarders. Twenty years later Wyvern boarding accommodation had been expanded and there were eighty boys in residence. In 1973 thirty-seven boys were boarders, ranging in age from eight to twelve, but by 1979 there were only three boys in residence and they were housed in the senior school and the former dormitories were converted to an infants department.
From 1939 Wyvern House boys wore a straw boater with a black hat-band until this was replaced by a black cloth cap in 1976. Both items of head-wear bore an heraldic Wyvern - the emblem of Newington College.
Wyvern held a separate Speech Night for the first time in 1946. From 1957 Wyvern had a brother school when Newington opened an additional preparatory school on the North Shore - first at Killara, but now at Lindfield. In the same year, Wyvern House was the first Australian prep school to undertake an international Rugby tour, when it visited New Zealand. From the 1950s until the 1970s the Wyvern House choir under the direction of Joan Gray achieved distinction in the Sydney Eisteddfod and boys were prepared for participation in performances by the Australian Elizabethan Theatre Trust and The Australian Opera.
An exchange program was initiated in 1975 between Wyvern and La Verne Heights Elementary School in Los Angeles. During the 125th anniversary of Newington, Wyvern celebrated its Silver Jubilee.
In 1995 the Adult Deaf Society Headquarters in Cambridge Street, Stanmore, were purchased for the relocation of Wyvern to a stand-alone campus. In that year enrolments had grown to 347 and by 1997 to 360. On 14 August 1998 Wyvern House moved onto its new campus. Sixty years after its foundation, the complex, designed by Old Newingtonian architect John Lawes, was opened by the Governor of New South Wales, His Excellency Gordon Samuels AC.
In January 2009, the Council of Newington College purchased the campus of Mary Andrews College adjacent to Wyvern House at 143-145 Trafalgar Street and 129-133 Cambridge Street. The new site contains two Victorian style homes, Braeside and Horaceville (1884) and a coach house. From 1946 until 1992 the site was the Braeside Church of England Hospital owned by the Anglican Deaconess Institution, Sydney. From 1997, the site became an additional campus of Mary Andrews College and provided residential accommodation. The property was leased back to its previous owner for the first twelve months until plans were formulated for its redevelopment. This 5000 square metre property greatly expanded the current Wyvern campus.
Masters of Wyvern.
The head of Wyvern House was initially known as Housemaster and then as Master-in-charge and currently as Master.
Campus.
Wyvern House was largely designed and built as a primary school but incorporates Dey House, built in 1954, and the Stanmore Deaf Centre, 1975, which had both been developed by the Adult Deaf Society of NSW, and an adjoining substantial villa of the Victorian era. The purpose-built classrooms all have adjoining "withdrawal rooms" that allow for separate work to be undertaken and for individual tutoring. Specialist facilities include a library and art and music rooms. As well as open playgrounds and two basketball/tennis courts, Wyvern has a spacious under-cover rooftop area for physical education and wet weather play. The entire school can meet in the assembly hall and the boys are serviced at lunch and recess by an adjacent tuck-shop. Arrival at, and departure from, the school is facilitated by a drive-through entrance underneath the main building giving all-weather safe access for young students. Swimming, athletics, Rugby and soccer are held on the Newington main campus reached via a footbridge over Stanmore Road.
Houses.
In the first year of Wyvern House the school was divided into three groups like houses: Bears, Tigers and Wolves. In 1946 three houses were formed with names honouring early Newington Headmasters: Coates (Joseph Coates, Headmaster 1877-1883), Williams (William Williams, Headmaster 1884-1892) and Lucas (Arthur Lucas, Headmaster 1893-1898). An additional house was added later: Howe (Dr Michael Howe, Headmaster 1869-1877). In 1986, the houses of Epworth and Geneva were added to bring the total to six but these have since been disbanded and there are now only four houses again.
Notable alumni.
The following Old Newingtonians commenced at Wyvern House. Enrolment years at Newington, as published in the Register of Past Students 1863-1998, are bracketed following the surname.

</doc>
<doc id="19044190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044190" title="Zion Triangle">
Zion Triangle

Zion Park is a small park in the Brownsville, Brooklyn section of Brooklyn, New York notable for the Brownsville War Memorial.
The Memorial to the fallen of the First World War was created by sculptor Charles Cary Rumsey (1879–1922) and dedicated in 1925. The bas relief sculptures are mounted on a limestone stele and side pylons by architect Henry Beaumont Herts.
The park is formed by the junction of Legion Street, and Pitkin Avenue and East New York Avenue at the junction of Eastern Parkway. The land for the park was donated to the City of Brooklyn in 1896, by Peter L. Vandeveer, and originally called Vandeveer Park. In 1911 it was renamed Zion Park by the Board of Aldermen, in recognition of its location in what was at the time a largely Jewish neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="19044203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044203" title="Jacob Tanner">
Jacob Tanner

Jacob Tanner (15 October 1865 – 25 January 1964) was a Norwegian American Lutheran minister, educator and religious author. He spent most of his life in the United States and became a naturalized citizen.
Biography.
He was born at the farm Leirgrovvik in Bolsøy (now Molde), Norway, as the eldest son of Swiss dairyman Johannes Tanner (a Zwinglian) and native farmer's daughter Anne Birgitte (née Innholm), who taught her children how to read and instructed them in the Catechism. Jacob was confirmed 24 April 1881, receiving high grades. He was educated in Molde and Kristiania, and became a theologian in 1892. At 27 years of age, he departed from the port of Kristiansand, arriving in New York City, USA, on 19 May 1893.
Jacob served as pastor for congregations in Iowa and New York, and taught at Concordia College in Moorhead, Minnesota from 1916 to 24. In 1924 Tanner became the editor of "Lutheraneren" – the Norwegian-language organ of the NLCA, where he also served on the Board of Elementary Christian Education. From 1925 to 38, Tanner was a professor of theology at Luther Seminary in Saint Paul, Minnesota. He assembled a collection of small catechisms in translations from around the world, and the Jacob Tanner Catechism Collection forms part of the special collections in the Luther Seminary Library.
After retiring, he taught theology as professor emeritus of Iowa's Waldorf College, whose Tanner Hall is named for him.
He married Ingeborg Sophie Aarøe in April 1893. They had five children. Jacob Tanner dictated his autobiography in 1960. He died at 98 years of age in a nursing home in Minnesota.
Selected works.
He published several books on the Lutheran faith. Some of his works are translated into other languages, including Chinese.

</doc>
<doc id="19044213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044213" title="ZPT">
ZPT

ZPT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19044255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044255" title="Burosh">
Burosh

Burosh is an abstract strategy board game played with dice and a deck of playing cards that debuted at Gen Con in 2008.
Gameplay.
The game is played by placing rolled dice on a hexagonal grid with the objective of having a higher sum of numbers showing on the board when it is filled than all opponents. Placing a die on the board affects the numbers on surrounding dice and in some situations leads to a "challenge". The challenge is resolved by comparing the poker hands of the opponents based on a 55-card deck, a standard poker deck with three wild cards.
History.
The game was originally developed with a deck of Tarot cards but now uses a standard poker deck. The three wild cards retained their tarot card names.

</doc>
<doc id="19044274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044274" title="F420">
F420

F420 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19044296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044296" title="Life writing">
Life writing

Life writing is the recording of selves, memories, and experiences, whether one's own or another's. This applies to many genres and practices, under which can be found autobiography, biography, memoir, diaries, letters, testimonies, autoethnography, personal essays and, more recently, digital forms such as blogs and email. 
Life writing can also be linked with genealogical study: when recording one's life it is common to become curious about the lives of others that have affected one over time and, if they have not recorded their own life, to start doing it for them. 
The continued popularity of the biographic form can be seen with the recent publication of the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, an updated version of a 19th-century publication, containing 50,113 biographic articles about 54,922 people who have significantly affected and shaped Britain.
Why Life Writing?
Life writing has become increasingly popular and, as a result, academic research into the subject has also increased. Life writers and historians state that life writing and life history are useful academically as they provide first hand stories and accounts of individuals and their relationship with society, history, public life as well as detailed personal insights. [http://www-distance.syr.edu/journal1.html] At the same time, the prevalence of confessional writing, reading and related audio/visual 'reality' shows has been argued to reflect the extreme individualism of late modern societies.
In 1975, psychologist Ira Progoff noted the positive affects that journal writing, or autobiographical writing could have. The findings of Progoff's research showed that not only could an Intensive Journal Method enhance personal growth and learning, but also that it could "draw each person's life towards wholeness at its own tempo" 
Research into life writing has also found that it can facilitate the expression of feeling, a shift in personal thinking and the development of a feeling of self-control and confidence, especially in individuals with low self-esteem. It has also been claimed that autobiographical writing helps with these deep issues as it allows the problem to be dealt with in a new, different and unusual way. [http://proquest.umi.com/pqdlink?Ver=1&Exp=08-10-2013&FMT=7&DID=740212961&RQT=309&attempt=1&cfc=1]
Another benefit to life writing is the pleasure and positive experience in re-living old memories and events, while knowing that they are being recorded and therefore will be remembered in years to come by future generations. People want to be remembered and through family orientated activity such as life writing the process can be more rewarding. 
Life writing also enables family information, as well as emotions and feeling about history to be remembered, for example life writing can give the opportunity to pass down family traditions, recipes and memorabilia. 
With the increasing prevalence of Alzheimer's and other degenerative and dementia diseases, especially in the developed world, it is being seen as even more important to leave a record of oneself and one's times. There is also some evidence to support the claim that increased intellectual activity and brain stimulation i.e. recording one's memories can lower the individual risk of dementia and Alzheimer's.
Academic Study.
There are now Centres for Life Writing Research at both King's College London and the University of Sussex. 
The Centres are multi-disciplinary, with contributors from history, sociology, anthropology, philosophy, cultural studies and psychology as well as English language and literature and aim to produce academic publications in the field of life writing as well as contributing through other mediums, such as television, radio and the internet. 
The University of Sussex Library is also home to the Mass-Observation Archive, a large collection of material from everyday life, personally kept routines and diaries that were collated between 1937 to the early 1950s. More recently Mass-Observation Archive has been collecting new material since the early 1980s, in order to generate a comparable record of everyday life from a personal perspective. The archive is considered of great social and cultural importance as well as supplying previously unheard accounts and stories of routine wartime and contemporary Britain.
The International Auto/Biography Association holds a biannual conference which brings together some of the leading scholars in the field.
Famous Examples of Life Writing.
Life writing has been evident for nearly 2,000 years. St Augustine's autobiographical work being one example from the late 4th century AD.
Margery Kempe, an early 15th-century English woman, is believed to have written the first autobiography in the English language, though it was a production that depended upon the help of scribes. This text provides what could be the best insight into a female, middle class experience in the Middle Ages.
Other famous examples include "Mein Kampf" by Adolf Hitler and "Long Walk to Freedom" by Nelson Mandela.

</doc>
<doc id="19044298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044298" title="Philippe Cochet">
Philippe Cochet

Philippe Cochet (born 23 May 1961 in Lyon, Rhône) is a French politician.
He has been a member of the French National Assembly since 2002, most recently re-elected in 2007 for the Rhône department. He is a member of the mainstream conservative party, the UMP.
He is a member of the National Assembly Committee on foreign relations, and the President of the France-Iran Parliamentary Committee. 
Within the UMP, Philippe Cochet is part of the libertarian faction called The Reformers. He has been one of the 21 members of the UMP National Committee ("Comité directeur") since July 2007.
He is also, since March 2008, the mayor of Caluire-et-Cuire, a city in the Northern suburbs of Lyon.

</doc>
<doc id="19044318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044318" title="Human cognitive reliability correlation">
Human cognitive reliability correlation

Human Cognitive Reliability Correlation (HCR) is a technique used in the field of Human reliability Assessment (HRA), for the purposes of evaluating the probability of a human error occurring throughout the completion of a specific task. From such analyses measures can then be taken to reduce the likelihood of errors occurring within a system and therefore lead to an improvement in the overall levels of safety. There exist three primary reasons for conducting an HRA; error identification, error quantification and error reduction. As there exist a number of techniques used for such purposes, they can be split into one of two classifications; first generation techniques and second generation techniques. First generation techniques work on the basis of the simple dichotomy of ‘fits/doesn’t fit’ in the matching of the error situation in context with related error identification and quantification and second generation techniques are more theory based in their assessment and quantification of errors. HRA techniques have been utilised in a range of industries including healthcare, engineering, nuclear, transportation and business sector; each technique has varying uses within different disciplines.
HCR is based on the premise that an operator’s likelihood of success or failure in a time-critical task is dependent on the cognitive process used to make the critical decisions that determine the outcome. Three Performance Shaping Factors (PSFs) – Operator Experience, Stress Level, and Quality of Operator/Plant Interface - also influence the average (median) time taken to perform the task. Combining these factors enables “response-time” curves to be calibrated and compared to the available time to perform the task. Using these curves, the analyst can then estimate the likelihood that an operator will take the correct action, as required by a given stimulus (e.g. pressure warning signal), within the available time window. The relationship between these normalised times and Human Error Probabilities (HEPs) is based on simulator experimental data.
Background.
HCR is a psychology/cognitive modelling approach to HRA developed by Hannaman et al. in 1984. The method uses Rasmussen’s idea of rule-based, skill-based, and knowledge-based decision making to determine the likelihood of failing a given task, as well as considering the PSFs of operator experience, stress and interface quality. The database underpinning this methodology was originally developed through the use of nuclear power-plant simulations due to a requirement for a method by which nuclear operating reliability could be quantified.
HCR Methodology.
The HCR methodology is broken down into a sequence of steps as given below:
Performance improving PSFs (e.g. worker experience, low stress) will take negative values resulting in quicker times, whilst performance inhibiting PSFs (e.g. poor interface) will increase this adjusted median time.
5. For the action being assessed, the time window (T) should then be calculated, which is the time in which the operator must take action to correctly resolve the situation.
6. To obtain the non-response probability, the time window (T) is divided by T1/2, the median time. This gives the Normalised Time Value. The probability of non-response can then be found by referring to the HCR curve selected earlier.
This non-response probability may then be integrated into a fuller HRA; a complete HEP can only be reached in conjunction with other methods as non-response is not the sole source of human error.
Worked example.
The following example is taken from Human Factors in Reliability Group in which Hannaman describes analysis of failure to manually SCRAM (perform an ermegency shutdown) in a Westinghouse PWR (Pressurized water reactor, a type of nuclear power reactor).
Context.
The example concerns a model in which failures occurs to manually SCRAM in a Westinghouse PWR. The primary task to be carried out involves inserting control rods into the core. This can be further broken down into two sub-tasks which involve namely detection and action, which are in turn based upon recognising and identifying an automatic trip failure.
Assumptions.
Given that there exists the assumption that there is simply one option in the procedures and that within training procedures optional actions are disregarded, the likelihood that a reactor trip failure will be incorrectly diagnosed is minimal. 
It is also assumed that the behaviour of the operating crew under consideration is skill-based; the reactor trip event which takes place is not part of a routine, however the temporary behaviour adopted by the crew when the event is taking place is nevertheless recognised. Moreover, there are well set procedures which determine how the event should be conducted and these are comprehended and practised to required standards in training sessions. 
The average time taken by the crew to complete the task is 25 seconds; there is no documentation as to why this is the case. The average completion times for the respective subtasks are therefore set as 10 seconds for detection of the failure and 15 seconds for taking subsequent action to remedy the situation.
Method.
The PSFs (K factor) judged to influence the situation are assessed to be in the following categories: 
-operator experience is “well trained”
-stress level is “potential emergency”
-quality of interface is “good”
The various K factors are assigned the following values: 
Referring to the equation in Step 4 above, the product is therefore equal to the value of 1.28. In response, the average tasks times are altered from 10 and 15 seconds to 12.8 and 19.2 seconds respectively. Given that the PSFs are identical for both of the given subtasks, it is therefore possible to sum the median response times to give a total of 32 seconds, adjusting the figure for stress, compared to a previous total of 25 seconds. 
The time window (T) to perform the task as part of the overall system is given as 79 seconds. This time is derived from a study conducted by Westinghouse in which it was discovered that the crew had approximately 79 seconds to complete the task of inserting the control rod to the reactor and then to shut the reactor down in order to inhibit over-pressuring within the main operating system.
Results/Outcome.
Consulting the graphical curve central to the technique, the normalised time for the task can thus be established. It is determined by the division of 79 seconds and 32 seconds, giving a result of 2.47 seconds. Identifying this point on the abscissa (the HCR curve model) provides a non response probability of 2.9 x 10-3; this can also be checked for validation utilising the formula:- 
PRT (79) = exp – [ (79/32) – 0.7 / 0.407] 1.2
PRT (79) = 2.9 x 10 -3/ demand
Where PRT (T) equals the probability of non success within the system time window T.
Provided below is the graphical solution for the assessment using the HCR technique:

</doc>
<doc id="19044335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044335" title="Water of Aven">
Water of Aven

The Water of Aven (or A'an) () is a tributary of the Water of Feugh, itself the largest tributary of the River Dee, Aberdeenshire, Scotland. The Water of Aven rises at Loch Tennet, where the historic counties of Aberdeenshire, Angus and Kincardineshire meet and flows for approximately 15 km to its confluence with the Feugh near Whitestone. The Water of Aven forms the historic boundary between Aberdeenshire and Kincardineshire for its entire length and the lower 4.5 km are designated as part of the River Dee Special Area of Conservation, due to its importance for Atlantic Salmon and Eurasian Otter.

</doc>
<doc id="19044340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044340" title="Ukraina (disambiguation)">
Ukraina (disambiguation)

Ukraina may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19044348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044348" title="James Davis (musician)">
James Davis (musician)

James Davis is the British house and techno music producer and DJ born in Portsmouth, England. As well as a solo artist James is also one half of the act Grafiti.

</doc>
<doc id="19044357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044357" title="Community Health Charities of America">
Community Health Charities of America

Community Health Charities of America (CHCA) is non profit organization headquartered in Arlington, Virginia. CHCA works to improve the lives of people affected by a disability or chronic disease by uniting caring donors in the workplace with credible national and community based health charities. Since 1957, CHCA has partnered with its member health charities in the workplace to provide a cost-effective partnership that enhances the ability to deliver more of every donated dollar through the workplace towards the missions of its member health charities. The organization operates through a nationwide network of 36 state-based affiliates. Community Health Charities connects the American workplace to more than 1,200 local and national health charities.
Mission.
The mission of CHCA is to unite the workplace with the nation's most trusted health charities. Working with its member health organization, CHCA's vision is to improve the lives of all people affected by a disability or chronic disease.
History.
In the early 1940s, the federal government began to set up tables where federal employees received their paychecks. The government did this to make it simple for federal employees to make donations to local charities that were important to them.
In 1957, twelve national health charities banded together to create the National Voluntary Health Agencies (NVHA), creating what is known as a federation. Federation are groups of nonprofits united for fundraising and/or marketing purposes around a common area of societal focus or concern such as human and social welfare, the environment, medical research, or international relief. CHC is one of 34 federations that work with the federal government's Combined Federal Campaign (CFC). Community Health Charities of America is the largest federation dedicated exclusivley to health.
In the private sector in 1983, the idea of a federation also became appealing to corporations who wanted to make it easy for their employees to give to local charities. The administrative and clerical cost associated with setting up, managing and maintaining relationships with dozens of charities to implement such a campaign could create a significant burden to the corporation. Nonprofits often join federations to help ease donor confusion, promote access, and make and save money. Similar to the public sector, 13 national health charities banded together to form the Combined Health Appeal of America (CHAA) to provide support and services to private sector corporations to conduct workplace giving.
In 1998, NVHA & CHAA merged, making Community Health Charities the largest workplace giving collaborative with a sole focus on health issues. From 2002 to 2007, Community Health Charities has distributed more than $330 million to its member charities.

</doc>
<doc id="19044370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044370" title="Naomi Harris">
Naomi Harris

Naomi Harris (born May 26, 1973 in Toronto, Canada) is a Canadian photographer living in New York. After completing her Bachelor in Fine Arts from York University, Toronto, she moved to New York where she received her photographic training at New York’s International Center of Photography.
She moved to Miami Beach in December 1999 to begin her first personal project documenting the last hotel in South Beach that catered to senior citizens. The project, called “Haddon Hall Hotel ” received The International Prize for Young Photojournalism presented by Agfa and Das Bildforum in Germany in 2001
While living in Miami, she would frequent a nude beach where she began photographing fellow sun worshipers. Shortly thereafter she learned that many of the other beach goers were also swingers. After attending a party she decided she had to photograph this subculture.
Upon returning to New York in April 2002 she began researching the lifestyle and did her first swinger shoot in July 2003 in Black River Falls, WI. This was to be the first of over 38 parties she would photograph in 48 months all over the US.
The project was realized in "America Swings," her first monograph published by Taschen in October 2008. It was edited by Dian Hanson and includes an interview by artist Richard Prince who sought out Harris after seeing her work in Taschen’s "The New Erotic Photography."
The trade edition of America Swings was released by Taschen in August 2010.
Current projects.
In May 2010 Harris received a Canada Council for the Arts Grant to do a road trip across Canada along the Trans-Canada Highway and document the crossing and the people she meets. She will begin this journey on May 23, 2011(Victoria Day) in Victoria, British Columbia and end the trip in St.Johns Newfoundland on September 5, 2011(Labour Day).
She has been published in the "New York Times Magazine" as well as the London "Sunday Times Magazine, The Telegraph Magazine, Marie Claire UK," and "Newsweek," and she likes to knit, sing karaoke, and frequent nude beaches.
Harris currently is working as a teacher at her alma mater, The International Center of Photography.
Bibliography.
• "America Swings" (trade edition). By Naomi Harris. Ed. Dian Hanson, (2010, Taschen; ISBN 978-3-8365-2228-1)
• "America Swings" (limited edition/artist edition). By Naomi Harris. Ed. Dian Hanson, (2008, Taschen; ISBN 978-3-8365-0214-6)
• "Image Makers, Image Takers." By Anne-Celine Jaeger.(2007, Thames & Hudson; ISBN 978-0500286623 )
• "The New Erotic Photography." Ed. Dian Hanson and Eric Kroll (2007, Taschen; ISBN 978-3-8228-4924-8)
Grants and awards.
2010 - Recipient of a Canada Council for the Arts Project Grant
2004 - Represented Canada at the World Press Joop Swart Masterclass in Amsterdam
2003 - Received the gold award in photojournalism from the National Magazine Awards Foundation (Canada)
2002 - One of the “30 Emerging Photographers To Watch” as selected by Photo District News
2001 - Winner of the International Prize for Young Photojournalism presented
by Agfa and Das Bildforum, Germany
Finalist for the Eugene Smith Award
Honorable Mention for Yann Geffroy Award presented by Grazia Neri Agency, Italy
1999 - Eddie Adams Workshop participant

</doc>
<doc id="19044384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044384" title="Jürgen Oesten">
Jürgen Oesten

Jürgen Oesten (24 October 1913 – 5 August 2010) was a "Korvettenkapitän" in the "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. He commanded the U-boats and , and then served as a staff officer before returning to command . He sank nineteen ships for a total of , and damaged four others for to become number 29 on the list of the highest scoring U-Boat aces of World War II.
Career.
Born in Grunewald, Berlin, Oesten joined the Reichsmarine in April 1933. After serving aboard the cruisers and he transferred to the U-boat arm in May 1937, and was appointed watch officer of . In August 1939 Oesten commissioned , sailing on nine patrols, and sinking five ships. Taking command of in September 1940, he sailed on three patrols sinking another ten ships. On 20 March 1941 during an attack on convoy SL-68 he damaged the British battleship . In October 1941 Oesten became the first commander of the "9th U-boat Flotilla" based in Brest, France. In March 1942 he joined the staff of "FdU Nordmeer" directing the U-boat war in the Norwegian Sea. In September 1943 Oesten returned to active duty in , sailing first to Brazilian waters where he sank another two ships and then around the Cape of Good Hope to join the "Monsun Gruppe" of U-boats operating in the Indian Ocean. He sank another two ships, bringing his career total to 19 ships sunk, totalling 101,744 GRT, and four ships damaged (51,668 GRT), before reaching Penang on 23 September 1944. "U-861" left Soerabaya, Dutch East Indies, in January 1945 carrying a cargo of vital materials, but only two torpedoes, and reached Trondheim, Norway, in April, just before the German surrender. Oesten was a technical advisor for the 2005 submarine simulator "Silent Hunter III".

</doc>
<doc id="19044409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044409" title="2008–09 Slovenian Cup">
2008–09 Slovenian Cup

The Slovenian Cup 2008–09 was the eighteenth season of Slovenia's football knockout competition. It started on 2 August 2008 with the First Round games and ended on 30 May 2009 with the Final. The defending champions were Interblock.
First round.
In this round entered 19 teams from Slovenian second and third division. Since Izola withdrew from the competition before the beginning, Adria received a bye to the Second Round. The matches were played on 2 and 19 August 2008.
Second round.
In this round entered winners from the previous round as well as one team who had received a bye. The matches were played on 3 September 2008.
Round of 16.
In this round entered winners from the previous round as well as all teams from Slovenian PrvaLiga. Livar also entered in the Third Round. They got relegated to the second division at the end of the last year's PrvaLiga. The matches were played on 16 and 17 September 2008.
Quarter-finals.
The matches were played on 22 October 2008.
Semi-finals.
The first legs were played on 15 April 2009. The second legs were played on 29 April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19044440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044440" title="ULF 2">
ULF 2

ULF 2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19044460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044460" title="Volodymyr Mazyar">
Volodymyr Mazyar

Volodymyr Mazyar (, born 28 September 1977 in Ostroh) is a retired Ukrainian football player who currently is a coach for Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk. He played as a center forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19044526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044526" title="Astra 28.2°E">
Astra 28.2°E

Astra 28.2°E is the name for the group of Astra communications satellites co-located at the 28.2° East position in the Clarke Belt that are owned and operated by SES based in Betzdorf, Luxembourg. It is one of the major TV satellite positions serving Europe (the others being at 19.2° East, 13° East, 23.5° East, and 5° East). 
The Astra satellites at 28.2° East provide for services downlinking in the 10.70 GHz-12.70 GHz range of the Ku band.
Market.
The satellites at the Astra 28.2°E position primarily provide digital TV, digital radio and multimedia services to the UK and Republic of Ireland, broadcasting more than 470 TV, radio and interactive channels to homes in the UK and Ireland. The majority of these channels broadcast as part of British Sky Broadcasting’s Sky Digital pay-TV platform or the free-to-air Freesat platform, and they include free-to-air and encrypted high definition television (HDTV) channels.
At this position, Astra 2F also provides capacity on a spot beam deployed on West Africa, and Astra 2E provides a beam across the Middle East.
Reach.
Services from the Astra satellites at 28.2° east are received in 15.6 million households (12.1 million by direct-to-home satellite, 2.9 million via cable, and 0.7 million via IPTV). 60% of all UK TV homes receive TV via Astra satellites.
History.
This position was the second orbital position used by SES (after Astra 19.2°E) and the first to provide only digital channels. The first craft to occupy this position was Astra 1D, relocated from Astra 19.2°E in March 1998 to provide capacity for testing UK digital TV transmissions before the start of Sky Digital (originally slated for June 1998 but then delayed until October 1998).
Following the successful launch of Astra 2A to the Astra 28.2°E position on August 30, 1998, Astra 1D was returned to 19.2°E in October 1998.
Sirius 3, from Nordic Satellite AB (later, SES Sirius then incorporated in SES) was leased to SES immediately after its launch on October 5, 1998 for a period of 12 months (after which it was moved to its original destination of 5°E) to provide further capacity at 28.2°E for the expanding Sky Digital service and to back up Astra 2A, pending the launch of Astra 2B on September 14, 2000.
Although Astra 2C was built for the Astra 28.2°E position, it was first deployed after launch in 2001 at 19.2°E where it provided pan-European capacity pending the launch of Astra 1L. Astra 2C was moved to the Astra 28.2°E position in August 2007. In March 2009, SES announced that in April, Astra 2C was to be moved to Astra 31.5°E to temporarily take over the mission of Astra 5A which had failed in orbit, and to remain at Astra 31.5°E for about one year until Astra 3B was launched to Astra 23.5°E, when another craft at that position could be released to Astra 31.5°E and Astra 2C returned to 28.2° east. The move of Astra 2C to Astra 31.5°E was completed on May 11. Astra 3B was brought into operation at Astra 23.5°E in June 2011, however, in September 2010, Astra 2C was moved back to Astra 19.2°E.
Late in 2009 SES announced that three more satellites have been ordered for this position. The three craft, Astra 2E, Astra 2F and Astra 2G, are being built by Astrium on the Eurostar E3000 platform for Ku and Ka band use in Europe and Africa, and will be launched between 2012 and 2014.
In August 2011 Astra 1N was launched to the 28.2°E position to provide interim capacity for the UK and Republic of Ireland with a UK spot beam receivable on 45 cm dishes. Astra 1N was originally designed to provide digital television and radio broadcast services across Europe from the Astra 19.2°E position and is expected to be moved to that orbital position when Astra 2E, Astra 2F and Astra 2G come into service. All traffic on Astra 2D was transferred to Astra 1N in early 2012. As of July 2013, Astra 2D remains co-located at 28.2°E but with no transponder activity.
On September 28, 2012 Astra 2F was successfully launched from Kourou in French Guiana. The satellite underwent tests at 43.5°E and began commercial operations at 28.2°E on November 21, 2012. As of June 2013 five transponders are active on Astra 2F's UK beam and two on the West Africa beam. This released Astra 2B for its planned relocation to the Astra 19.2°E position in February 2013.
Astra 2E was launched to the Astra 28.2°E position from Baikonur in Kazakhstan on September 30, 2013 following a 10-week delay caused by the catastrophic failure of a previous launch. When Astra 2E became operational in February 2014, all channels currently broadcasting from Astra 1N were moved to Astra 2E and Astra 1N relocated to its design location of 19.2°E.)

</doc>
<doc id="19044537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044537" title="Shmuel Herzfeld">
Shmuel Herzfeld

Rabbi Shmuel Herzfeld, born October 9, 1974, in Staten Island, New York (also known as Shmuel or Rav Shmuel) is an American Modern Orthodox rabbi who heads the National Synagogue, of Washington, DC. He is a teacher, lecturer, and activist.
Herzfeld received his smicha from the Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary in 1999. He also received a Masters in Medieval Jewish History from Yeshiva University under the guidance of Dr. Haym Soloveitchik, where he wrote on the topic of Hechlid Be-Miut Simanim. He then served as the assistant Rabbi under Rabbi Avi Weiss at the Hebrew Institute of Riverdale from 1999 to 2004, before transferring to Ohev Sholom: The National Synagogue.
From 2008 to 2010, Herzfeld hosted a weekly radio show called "Shmoozin with Shmuel", which was aimed at Jews in the Washington, DC community, and frequently writes columns in newspapers. His writings have appeared in many publications including, "The New York Times", the "New York Sun", "The Jewish Week", "The Forward", and "Washington Jewish Week". He has appeared often in the national news, including "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", NPR, CNN and Fox News, and is regarded as an important figure in Modern Orthodox Judaism. 
His Torah thoughts are archived on his personal website.
Activism.
Herzfeld is a Jewish Orthodox activist. He has been vocal on many issues, including Israel activism, Jewish outreach, the threat of anti-Semitism, gay rights, and the plight of the agunah. Herzfeld is currently the Vice President for Amcha - the coalition for Jewish concerns, a grass-roots coalition which engages in pro-Jewish activism.
In 2008, Herzfeld published an article in "The New York Times", titled "Dark Meat." This article attracted media attention in NPR, other newspapers, and many blogs.
Herzfeld has been outspoken regarding the problem of the agunah, appearing in a front page article in "The New York Times" in January 2011. This article generated a significant amount of media attention and put a spotlight on the agunah crisis within Orthodox Judaism.
Ohev Sholom: The National Synagogue.
Ohev Sholom: The National Synagogue is the oldest continuous Orthodox synagogue operating in Washington, DC. It was founded in 1886 by Russian immigrants, and moved several times to other locations in Washington, before ending up at its current location at 16th and Jonquil Streets, in Washington, DC, in 1960. The synagogue was noted for its Cantor, Moshe Yoelson, the father of Al Jolson. 
Herzfeld joined the synagogue in 2004, with a vision of taking the spirit of the synagogue out to the community and to welcome all Jews regardless of their prior Jewish background or training. He has been very successful, increasing the membership from 20 families to approximately 350 families today.
References.
http://www.ostt.org/

</doc>
<doc id="19044538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044538" title="International Auto/Biography Association (IABA)">
International Auto/Biography Association (IABA)

The International Auto/Biography Association (IABA) is an international group of academics from a range of disciplines who investigate a variety of practices and texts broadly defined as "life writing" or "life narrative." 
Introduction.
The IABA was formed in 1999 by Zhao Baisheng, the current Chair of the Institute of World Literature and Secretary General for the Cross-Cultural Studies at the University of Peking.
It aims to "broaden the world vision of auto/biographers, scholars and readers and to enhance and widen cross-cultural understandings of self, identity and experience."
The association holds a biennial conference at various universities across the globe. To date the conference has been held in Beijing, Vancouver, Melbourne, Hong Kong, Mainz, Hawaii, East Sussex, and Canberra. "IABA 2014: Auto/Biography in Transit" will be held in Banff.
The theme of each conference varies from topics such as Auto/Biography and Mediation at Mainz in 2006 to Life Writing and the Generations at Melbourne in 2002. Other topics have included Inhabiting Multiple Worlds: Auto/Biography in an Anti/Global Age (from Hong Kong, 2004) and Autobiography and Changing Identities (Vancouver, 2000).
Reports are published after each conference and the main themes and issues discussed are noted 
The IABA also publishes a newsletter containing information on latest publications and programs. Also published is a listserv containing a variety of information such as postings on new conferences, call for publications and critical and theoretical issues.
Members.
The IABA committee is a group of academics from across the world, and is responsible for the organisation and publication of material from the conferences. 
The committee consists of Susanna Egan (University of British Columbia), Richard Freadman (Lingnan University, Hong Kong), Alfred Hornung (University of Mainz, Germany), Craig Howes (University of Hawaii at Manoa), Margaretta Jolly (Centre for Life History and Life Writing Research, University of Sussex, England), David Parker (Chinese University of Hong Kong), Thomas R Smith (Penn State Abington, USA) and Zhao Baisheng (Peking University). 
Affiliates.
The IABA is affiliated with a number of organisations from around the world, including various University Departments coordinated by IABA members such as Margaretta Jolly's Centre for Life History and Life Writing Research and Richard Freadman's, Unit for Studies in Biography and Autobiography.
Publications.
The IABA has been responsible for a number of published works such as Zhao Baisheng's "Approaching the Auto/Biographical Turn" and David Parker's "Inhabiting Multiple Worlds: Auto/Biography in an (Anti-) Global Age".

</doc>
<doc id="19044552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044552" title="Maurice Barker">
Maurice Barker

Air Vice-Marshal Maurice Barker was India's first Anglo-Indian Air Marshal.

</doc>
<doc id="19044556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044556" title="Boccia at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Boccia at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Boccia at the 2000 Summer Paralympics consisted of individual, pairs, and team events. Men and women competed together.

</doc>
<doc id="19044557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044557" title="Serhiy Artiukh">
Serhiy Artiukh

Serhiy Artiukh (, born 29 July 1985 in Donetsk) is a Ukrainian football player who plays as a forward. He previously played for Ravan Baku.

</doc>
<doc id="19044561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044561" title="University at Buffalo Libraries">
University at Buffalo Libraries

The University at Buffalo Libraries is the university library system of the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York. The library's collections includes some 3.8 million print volumes, as well as media, and special collections. The Libraries subscribe to some 350 research databases and 10,000 electronic journals.
Notable collections include the George Kelley Paperback and Pulp Fiction Collection, the James Joyce Collection, the Love Canal Collections, and the Robert Graves Collection.
History.
In 1922, Ruth Bartholomew was appointed as the first University Librarian. The library was originally located in Foster Hall but was moved to larger quarters in the second floor of Hayes Hall. 
In 1929, Thomas B. Lockwood (1873-1947) donated $500,000 to the University of Buffalo for the construction of a library building. In the spring of 1935, the library was moved to the newly constructed Lockwood Memorial Library building. Designed by noted Buffalo architect E.B. Green and built in classic Georgian architectural style, the building was an elegant, four-story structure located at the heart of the South Campus. In addition to providing funds for the building, Lockwood also donated his personal collection of rare books, establishing an impressive foundation for the new library.
In 1937, Charles D. Abbott, Director of the University Libraries, establishes the "Poetry Project" collecting rare first editions of modern poetry. In 1964, the University Archives is established by UB President Clifford C. Furnas. On December 3, 1973, the Oscar A. Silverman Undergraduate Library opened.
On April 19, 1979, the new Lockwood Memorial Library was officially opened. Designed for the new campus in Amherst, the Lockwood Memorial Library name was to be placed on the new library in recognition of the original endowment established by Mr. Lockwood. The original Lockwood Memorial Library, renamed Charles D. Abbott Hall / Health Sciences Library, was renovated and enlarged in 1983-1985.
Libraries.
Architecture & Planning Library.
The Architecture & Planning Library is currently located on the 3rd Floor in the Health Sciences Library while Hayes Hall is being renovated.
Health Sciences Library.
The Health Sciences Library is on the South Campus.
Law Library.
The Charles B. Sears Law Library is located on the second through seventh floors of O'Brian Hall on the North Campus.
Libraries Annex.
The Annex is located on Rensch Road across Sweet Home Road near the North Campus.
Lockwood Memorial Library.
The Thomas B. Lockwood Memorial Library is on the North Campus and is a congressionally designated depository for U.S. Government documents. It also houses the Polish Collection in the Polish Room.
Music Library.
The Music Library is located in Baird Hall on the North Campus.
Silverman Library.
The Oscar A. Silverman Undergraduate Library is located in Capen Hall on the North Campus, occupying space in all floors except the fifth, with its entrance on the first floor. Located in a central location on the campus, Silverman features many important campus resources. Notably, the library is the only facility at the University at Buffalo that is open 24 hours each day during the fall and spring semesters, with hours shortened or the library closed only for major holidays. The ground floor is home to a large group study area, one of the largest on the campus. The first floor contains the offices and lounge of the University Honors College, classrooms, a seminar room, the library's print center, many computers, and circulation. The second floor contains subject librarians and the Multimedia Center. The third floor is home to the Science & Engineering Collection and the Map Collection, in addition to computers, study carrels, and a large silent study area. The University Archives are located on the fourth floor, open only during normal business hours. Near the Silverman Library are a cafe, located on the ground floor of Capen Hall, and an inter-campus bus stop.
The Poetry Collection.
The Poetry Collection houses over 140,000 titles of Anglophone poetry including 6,600 broadsides as well as an extensive selection of little magazines, anthologies, criticism, reference books, ephemera and audio recordings, making it the largest poetry library of its kind in North America.
University Archives.
The University Archives is in 420 Capen Hall on the North Campus. It collects the records of all academic departments at the University at Buffalo, all university and student publications, and pursues the private papers of administrators, faculty members, and other individuals closely associated with the University.
References.
-->

</doc>
<doc id="19044562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044562" title="Mordechai Tzipori">
Mordechai Tzipori

Mordechai Tzipori (, born Mordechai Hankovich-Hendin on 15 September 1924) is a former Israeli politician who served as Minister of Communications from 1981 until 1984.
Biography.
Born in Petah Tikva during the Mandate era, Tzipori attended a religious school in his hometown. In 1939 he joined the Irgun, and in 1945 was arrested by the British Authorities and exiled to Eritrea, Kenya and Sudan. Also he managed to escape from the detention camp in Eritrea, he was caught and imprisoned until 1948.
He became a professional soldier and served in the IDF from 1948 until 1976. During his stint in the army, he studied at the College for Command and Staff, graduating in 1959, as well as the University of Tel Aviv.
Between 1962 and 1965 he was an Armoured Battalion commander, becoming commander of the Armor School in 1968 and deputy commander of the Armor Corps in 1971. In 1973 he was appointed Commander of Command and Staff, becoming Deputy Head of Operations in the General Staff in 1974. He was demobilised in 1976 with the rank of Lieutenant General.
The following year he was elected to the Knesset on Likud's list, and in June 1977 was appointed Deputy Minister of Defense. Following the 1981 elections he became Minister of Communications, also briefly serving as Deputy Defense Minister between August 1981 and October 1983. He lost his seat and place in the cabinet in the 1984 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19044564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044564" title="Santa Maria de Lara">
Santa Maria de Lara

The church of Santa María de Lara, also known as the Ermita () de Santa María, is one of the last surviving Visigoth churches on the Iberian Peninsula, located near the village of Quintanilla de las Viñas, not far from the city of Burgos, in the Castile and León region in Spain, Archeologists have yet to confirm its period of construction but the church has been placed by scholars have placed it between the 7th century, where it is more frequently located, and the 10th century. The church is notable not only for its age and architectural type, but also because it is believed to contain the earliest representation of Christ in Spanish religious art. It was classified as a national monument on November 25, 1929.
History.
Early history.
The geographical area surrounding Santa María De Lara was populated by numerous Roman villae preceding the construction of the church. After the Visigoths had invaded the Iberian Peninsula (particularly the area we now know as Spain) and the Romans had left the area, they settled in Quintillana de las Vinas, and built the church of Santa María De Lara, around the beginning of the 8th century. Soon afterwards, in 711 AD, the Moors invaded the Iberian Peninsula and Lara was abandoned as the populace fled north to the mountains.
In the 9th century, during the Spanish Reconquista, the areas that were previously abandoned (such as Lara), were repopulated, although the buildings were largely in ruins. Santa María De Lara was neglected during the period of Moorish rule, and therefore the church had to be rebuilt. A funerary stela that is now housed in the Museum of Burgos that has been studied by archeologists, is believed to record the date of the reconstruction of Santa María De Lara. It is inscribed with the letters DCCCC (...), and despite the only partial remnant of the date, it is widely believed that this refers to the year 902 (bearing in mind that the inscription adheres to the Spanish medieval dating system, from which 38 years must be subtracted to obtain the European chronological year).
A document that has been dated from the year 967 AD (or the Spanish Medieval date 929) records a monetary donation to the church and the monastery that, at that time, was under the control of Santa María de Lara, by a woman named "Muniadona", the mother of Fernán González of Castile. However, due to the lack of documents from that early era, historians have been unable to verify the location of this monastery.
In 1038, the church was donated to the nearby monastery of San Pedro de Arlanza and from then on the church began a gradual decline both in religious status and architectural stability. Undated documents from the Bishopry of Burgos later refer to it as a 'hermitage'.' After that, the church was abandoned, and parts of the building collapsed and much of its ancient carvings and decoration was lost.
Discovery and modern history.
In 1921, a local parish priest, was walking near Quintanilla de las Vinas, when he came across the remains of Santa María de Lara, forgotten since the early Middle Ages and hidden by thick bush. Don Bonifacio Zamora, the priest, strived to bring his discovery to the interest of historians and experts. However, until 1927, he was unsuccessful and the site was used simply as a corral for livestock. In 1927, the church was finally brought to the attention of experts such as Helmut Schlunk, a notable German scholar, who, amongst others, visited this 'newly discovered' Visigoth church in order to research it.
After two years of studying the site, it was granted 'National Monument' status on 25 November 1929. Later, during the 1930s, extensive excavations were carried out that revealed a large amount of data that shows the area was inhabited from early times. The research undertaken in the 1920s and 1930s has given us almost all we know about the church today. Many of the artefacts uncovered, such as funerary stelae, dolmens and objects from Roman villae, are now housed in the 'Museo Provincial de Burgos.'
Up until the 1970s, the church could only be reached by a local road, until Jesus Vicario Moreno, who looked after Santa María de Lara and showed it to visitors until his recent death, oversaw the construction of an asphalt road leading to the church from Quintanilla de las Vinas, where he lived. Tourism and visitors to the site have provided money to keep the church stable and protect it with projects such as the modern wooden roof. Numbers of visitors have increased significantly and in 1992, 8000 tourists were recorded to have visited the site.
Connected historic persons.
Lady Flammola.
Lady Flammola is mentioned in an inscription carved onto the right side of the triumphal arch within the church of the church. Translations differ, but it is believed that the text, reading "", meaning "Flammola, the least of the least, makes this promised offering to God". Another translation is: "This small gift the Lady Flammola offers to God". Dona Lambra, as modern historians now refer to Lady Flammola, possibly ordered the restoration of the church in the 10th century, and supported it with the money that she donated according to the inscription. However, there are numerous women dating from that period of time that bear the same name, so a more accurate dating of the inscription may reveal precisely who it was that ordered the restoration.
Fernán González family.
Muniadona features in an early document from 967 AD, which records her giving a donation to the church. Muniadona was the mother of Count Fernán González of Castile (who at that point ruled over Castile).
Fernán González of Castile, the first independent count of Castile, was closely linked to the church, which is evident for three reasons. First, he was a member of the influential Lara family, and shares his name with the church. He grew up in, and later commanded, the castle of Lara, which is visible from Santa María de Lara with favourable weather. He was buried in the monastery of San Pedro de Arlanza, which at that point owned Santa María de Lara.

</doc>
<doc id="19044570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044570" title="Fairview Hospital">
Fairview Hospital

Fairview Hospital may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19044595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044595" title="Helen Newberry Nurses Home">
Helen Newberry Nurses Home

The Helen Newberry Nurses Home is a multi-unit residential building located at 100 East Willis (at the corner of Willis and John R.) in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
History.
Detroit's Grace Hospital opened in 1888; the next year Grace Hospital Training School for Nurses was opened under the direction of Eugenie Hibbard. The first class had fourteen students. Grace Hospital Training School was one of the first training schools for nurses in the United States. By 1898, it was recognized that student nurses needed nearby housing while attending the Training School. The Helen Newberry Nurses Home was built to house these nursing students. Funds to construct the building were donated by Helen Handy Newberry, wife of John Stoughton Newberry and mother of Truman Handy Newberry. Architect Elijah E. Myers, who also constructed the Michigan State Capitol, designed the building.

</doc>
<doc id="19044603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044603" title="Williamstown, Rhondda Cynon Taf">
Williamstown, Rhondda Cynon Taf

Williamstown () is a village in the Rhondda Valley in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, within the historic county boundaries of Glamorgan, Wales. Williamstown was founded in the 1870s, is located at the foot of Mynydd Dinas and is a district of neighbouring village Penygraig.
Early history.
Before the Rhondda was industrialised in the mid to late 19th century, the area where Williamstown now resides, was made up of woodlands occupied by sparsely populated farmlands. Williamstown exhibits very little evidence of early habitation, a few Bronze Age cairns have been discovered on Mynydd Dinas, but most hafodi and farm houses tended to group around the River Rhondda located lower down the valley.
Much of the land in the Rhondda, once controlled by individual farmers, had been bought up by wealthy absentee landlords by the start of the 19th century. The land which would become Williamstown was bought by Walter Coffin, the pioneer of coal mining in the Rhondda, around the 1850s. In 1867 this land was inherited by the Williams family, through their father, a cousin of Coffin. The Williams family gave their name to the town that was built on their land and among the trustees of the family was Caroline Elizabeth Williams, Arthur John Williams and Morgan Bransby Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="19044624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044624" title="Slaughter Stream Cave">
Slaughter Stream Cave

Slaughter Stream Cave, also known as Wet Sink, is a cave system in the Wye Valley, Forest of Dean.
A series of fixed ladders and two pitches lead to sporting streamways, sandy crawls and fossil passages. The cave also contains some interesting archaeological finds, many historic bones were found in the cave - the most prominent of which is 'Norman', a dog who was trapped in the cave many years ago and whose footprints and skeleton can be seen in Dog's Graveyard passage.
The Channel 4 documentary Extreme Archaeology was filmed in this cave.
Description.
Entrance series.
The cave requires ladder and line or single rope technique (SRT) kits — a single rope and 6 maillons/krabs is recommended.
A wide variety of trips are possible, this is a good cave to visit in lieu of nearby Otter Hole when the sump is closed. The entrance is vertical, but fixed ladders are installed. After the ladders a short crawl through a precarious boulder choke (take care not to touch the scaffolding) leads to a concreted climb down with a scaffold bar sticking out of it. There is a p-hanger on the right at the bottom of this climb for a traverse line to the next climb. This next climb, although only around , is p-hangered and should be rigged; several accidents have occurred here, and less confident climbers should treat it like a pitch. The climb leads down to a large ledge, and a pitch. SRT kits can be left at the bottom of this pitch. After a further climb down the passage closes down into a crawl, in which the roar of the streamway can be heard. Once you meet the water continue along the streamway to enter the main section of the cave. Care should be taken not to swallow any water in the streamway as sewage is discharged into it.

</doc>
<doc id="19044638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044638" title="Lutheran Hospital">
Lutheran Hospital

Lutheran Hospital may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19044662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044662" title="Douglas DF">
Douglas DF

The Douglas DF was a commercial flying boat built by Douglas Aircraft Company in the 1930s. It could accommodate 32 passengers, or 16 in sleeper cabins. The prototype and first production aircraft were sold to the Soviet Union as DF-195's; the final two aircraft, as DF-151's, were bought by the Japanese Navy through the South Pacific Mandate. These were evaluated under designations HXD-1 and HXD-2, the latter crashed in August 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="19044663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044663" title="Lei Lei">
Lei Lei

Lei Lei (雷蕾) is a Chinese woman classical composer. She is best known for her music for TV dramas such as "Plainclothes Policeman", "Aspiration", and "The Yellow Storm".
She has written two Chinese-language western-style operas to librettos by Zou Jingzhi: Xi Shi (opera) (2009) based on the story of Xi Shi and "The Chinese Orphan" (2011) based on the story The Orphan of Zhao. The premieres of both were at Beijing's NCPA.

</doc>
<doc id="19044688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044688" title="List of performers on Frank Zappa records">
List of performers on Frank Zappa records

This is a list of musicians who have performed on officially released Frank Zappa recordings. Note that this list does not include musicians who have performed as guests musicians on Frank Zappa concerts unless they appear on official live recordings. Additionally, this list does not include musicians who have only appeared on bootleg recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="19044787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044787" title="Bud Saunders">
Bud Saunders

William Howard "Bud" Saunders (May 1, 1884 – ?) was an American football and basketball coach. He served as the head football coach at the Clemson University from 1923 to 1926, compiling a record of 10–22–1. Saunders was also the head basketball coach at Knox College in Galesburg, Illinois during the 1922–23 season and at Clemson from 1923 to 1925, compiling a career college basketball coaching record of 20–40.
A native of St. Joseph, Missouri, Saunders graduated from the University of Missouri in 1911, in the field of law. He played basketball and football there. He was also a member of Phi Delta Theta during his time at Missouri.
Saunders served briefly as a football coach at Knox College previous to his stint at Clemson.

</doc>
<doc id="19044806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044806" title="Astra 5°E">
Astra 5°E

Astra 5°E is the name for the Astra communications satellites co-located at the 5° east position in the Clarke Belt which are owned and operated by SES based in Betzdorf, Luxembourg. 5° east is one of the major TV satellite positions serving Europe (the others being at 19.2° east, 28.2° east, 13° east, and 23.5° east).
The Astra satellites at 5° east provide for services downlinking to the Nordic countries, Eastern Europe and sub-Saharan Africa in the 11.70 GHz-12.75 GHz range of the Ku band, and at present the Astra 4A and the SES-5 are regularly operational at this position.
Satellites at 5°E were originally operated by Swedish Space Corporation (SSC), and then Nordic Satellite AB (NSAB, itself 50% owned by SSC) before SES took full control of the position and the satellites in 2010, renaming the Sirius 4 satellite to Astra 4A and later adding its own Astra 1E to the group followed by the SES-5.
Market.
Astra 5°E is SES' position for direct-to-home (DTH) broadcasting to Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Finland, as well as Eastern European and Baltic countries including Belarus, Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Russia, and Ukraine, and sub-Saharan Africa.
Over 460 TV, radio and interactive channels (including 9 high definition TV stations serve over 21 million
direct-to-home, SMATV and cable homes via the 5°E position. Cable distribution to head-ends, contribution links, data services, and broadband capacity are also provided
Astra 4A provides DTH coverage to multiple African markets with a dedicated Ku band beam from a single orbital position, which eliminates the need for dual-illumination from separate beams. This position also provides uplink and downlink within the African footprint, and inter-connectivity between Africa and Europe, so that DTH broadcasting out of Europe is available without the need for expensive fibre links.
SES-5 provides two Ku-band beams for DTH services, one for the Nordic and Baltic countries and one serving Sub-Saharan Africa. It also has C-band capacity on a global coverage beam and a hemispheric coverage for Europe, Africa and the Middle East to deliver broadband, maritime communications, GSM backhaul, and VSAT applications. SES-5 also carries a hosted L-band payload for the European Commission’s European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS).
Reach.
Services from the Astra satellites at 5.0° east are received in 21.87 million households (4.28 million by direct-to-home satellite and 17.59 million via cable).
History.
The Astra 5°E orbital position was originally the Direct broadcast satellite orbital position allocated to Sweden with Swedish Satellite Corporation's Tele-X (launched 1989) the first TV satellite at this position. In 1994, Tele-X was joined by Sirius 1, bought by NSAB from BSkyB in 1993 after Sky Television plc's merger with British Satellite Broadcasting, and moved to 5°E from its original orbital position at 30°West as Marcopolo 1.
Sirius 1 was later joined at 5° east by Sirius 2 (1997) and then Sirius 3 (1998), with the most recent addition, Sirius 4, launched in November 2007.
Tele-X was retired to a graveyard orbit in 1998. Sirius 1 was moved to 13° west and renamed Sirius W in 2000 and retired in 2003. In 2008 Sirius 2 was moved to 31.5°E and renamed Astra 5A but in January 2009, the spacecraft suffered a failure and was withdrawn from service some four years ahead of its expected end of life. Sirius 3 remains at 5° east to provide backup services.
In 2000, SES bought the 50% shareholding in NSAB owned by Teracom and Tele Danmark and in 2003 increased that holding to 75%, renaming the company SES Sirius AB. In 2008 Astra acquired further shares to take its shareholding in SES Sirius to 90% and in March 2010 took full control of the company. In June 2010, the affiliate company was renamed SES Astra and the Sirius 4 satellite renamed Astra 4A. SES Astra is now a non-autonomous part of SES.
Astra 4A was originally the designation given in 2007 to just part of the Sirius 4 satellite (six transponders of the FSS Africa beam) owned and operated by SES Sirius. From June 2010, the Astra 4A designation has applied to the entire satellite.
In September 2010, Astra 1E was moved to 5° east to provide further backup for Astra 4A until the launch of SES-5 (Astra 4B). Astra 1E was originally launched to the primary Astra position of 19.2°E but, prior to its move to 5°E, since October 2007 it had been used at 23.5°E to provide additional capacity before the launch of Astra 3B to that position in May 2010.
On July 9, 2012 SES-5 was successfully launched from Baikonur in Kazakhstan and on September 17, 2012 it started commercial operations at 5°E. SES-5 was originally named Sirius 5, but renamed to Astra 4B in 2010 and then to SES-5 in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19044817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044817" title="Astra 23.5°E">
Astra 23.5°E

Astra 23.5°E is a group of Astra communications satellites co-located at the 23.5° east position in the Clarke Belt owned and operated by SES based in Betzdorf, Luxembourg. 23.5° east is one of the major TV satellite positions serving Europe (the others being at 19.2° east, 28.2° east, 13° east, and 5° east). 
The satellites currently occupying this position are the Astra 3A and Astra 3B craft, which provide for services downlinking in the 10.70 GHz-12.70 GHz range of the Ku band and 21.40-22.00 GHz range of the Ka band across most of Central, Western and Eastern Europe and the Middle East.
A major reason for the usage of Astra 23.5°E as a source for direct-to-home (DTH) broadcasting is its proximity to Europe’s primary DTH position, Astra 19.2°E, allowing the use in target countries of a single small dish fitted with a monoblock Duo LNB to receive channels from both positions.
Market.
Astra 23.5°E is a major source of TV and radio channels and multimedia services for parts of Europe. While the satellite Astra 3B can reach most parts of the continent, this position is primarily used for channels broadcast to the countries of Northwestern, Central and Eastern Europe, in particular: Belgium, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Germany, Hungary, Netherlands, and Slovakia.
A service of local, regional and ethnic channels for Italy is expected from this orbital position following an agreement in November 2009 between SES and Milano Teleport to offer capacity to Italian broadcasters.
TV channels for (DTH) networks, CanalDigitaal (Netherlands), TV Vlaanderen (Belgium, Flanders), CS Link (Slovakia and Czech Republic), Skylink (Slovakia and Czech Republic) and Satellite BG (Bulgaria), broadcast from this position. In all, over 390 TV and radio channels are broadcast from Astra 23.5°E to almost 2.5 million homes in Europe.
In January 2011 Astra announced that Bulgarian DTH operator Satellite BG would use three transponders on Astra 3B at 23.5°E for broadcasting a package of more than 60 standard definition channels and 12 high definition channels, including sports, film, factual and children’s TV, and all major Bulgarian public and commercial services to TV homes across Bulgaria.
Astra 23.5°E was the home of Euro1080, Europe’s first full-time commercial HDTV broadcaster since January 1, 2004, until they moved their channels to Eutelsat W3A (7° east) in late 2008.
The Astra 23.5°E position is also home to ASTRA2Connect, a two-way satellite broadband service that delivers high-speed Internet access and triple-play capabilities to consumers in Europe.
Reach.
Services from the Astra satellites at 23.5° east are received in 12.52 million households (1.95 million by direct-to-home satellite and 10.57 million via cable).
History.
The 23.5° east orbital position was first occupied by the DFS-Kopernikus 1 and DFS-Kopernikus 3 satellites, launched in June 1989 and October 1992, respectively, to provide channel feeds to German cable headends for Deutsche Bundespost (later, Deutsche Telekom). DFS-Kopernikus 1 was first positioned at 23.5° east and then moved to 33.5° east with the launch of DFS-Kopernikus 3. As DFS-Kopernikus 3 neared the end of its life, an agreement was reached with Deutsche Telekom for SES to use the German position and frequencies, and in August 2001, Astra 1D was moved to 23.5° east to provide follow-on capacity for DFS-Kopernikus F3 pending the launch of Astra 3A.
Astra 3A was launched in March 2002 to open the Astra 23.5°E position, and Deutsche Telekom contracted for 10 transponders, with all traffic on the old DFS-Kopernikus craft switched to Astra 3A.
With the establishment of Astra 1L at the Astra 19.2°E position in July 2007, Astra 1E was released from 19.2° east and moved to Astra 23.5°E to replace Astra 1D, which was approaching the end of its design life.
Following the launch of Astra 1M to the Astra 19.2°E position in November 2008, Astra 1G was moved from 19.2° east to Astra 23.5°E in February 2009 to provide additional capacity.
A new satellite, Astra 3B, was originally scheduled to be launched to Astra 23.5°E in the first quarter of 2010, to replace all the capacity currently at this orbital position, but was beset by launcher delays, postponed on the launch pad on March 24, 2010 and April 9, 2010 for a faulty pressure regulator in the Ariane 5 rocket's main stage. Astra 3B was finally successfully launched on May 21, 2010. and came into commercial service in June, after in-orbit testing, when Astra 1E and Astra 1G were released from service. In July 2010, Astra 1G was moved from Astra 23.5°E to Astra 31.5°E. Astra 1E remained at this position a little longer with no transponders in use, but in August 2010 it was moved westwards to Astra 5°E to provide backup for Astra 4A pending the launch of Astra 4B to that position in 2011.
In April 2011 the Thor 2 satellite moved to 23.5°E in an inclined orbit. Thor 2 was originally launched to 0.8°W on May 21, 1997 and retired from DTH service in 2008. It was leased from owners, Telenor by SES-Astra in 2008 and initially moved to the 5°E orbital position. In 2011 Thor 2 had only two active transponders, both carrying the channel, RTL Télé Lëtzebuerg. In January 2013 the Thor 2 de-orbited to the graveyard orbit.
On February 1, 2012 Kabel Deutschland ceased to use the Astra 23.5°E position for distribution, switching to its terrestrial fibre network.
In June 2013 Astra 1D left 23.5°E moving east (although it remained listed in the SES website as at this position) reaching 52.2°E as of June 30, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19044830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044830" title="Astra 31.5°E">
Astra 31.5°E

Astra 31.5°E is the name for the group of Astra communications satellites co-located at the 31.5° east position in the Clarke Belt owned and operated by SES based in Betzdorf, Luxembourg. 31.5° east is SES' newest orbital location serving Europe (the others being at 19.2° east, 28.2° east, 23.5° east, and 5° east). 
The first satellites to commercially exploit this position were the Astra 5A and Astra 1D craft, which provided for services downlinking in the 10.70 GHz-12.50 GHz range of the Ku band across Europe, Western Russia and the Middle East.
Market.
Astra 31.5°E is SES' newest satellite position, intended to develop the markets for direct-to-home (DTH) standard definition and high definition TV and radio broadcasting, interactive TV, cable contribution, and DTT and other terrestrial feeds in Eastern Europe and the Middle East – the latter not served by Astra satellites before.
Countries included within the intended market for this position, include Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Georgia, Hungary, Iran, Jordan, Macedonia, Moldova, Poland, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia, Tunisia, Turkey, and Ukraine.
The pan-European beam of Astra 5A provided capacity for cable distribution, DTT and other terrestrial feeds, while 5A’s CEE beam provided a high-power footprint for the DTH market.
Following the failure of Astra 5A, its replacement first by Astra 2C and then by Astra 1G has provided similar coverage and, as of July 2010, there are eight transponders leased on this satellite, including one to provide IP backbone services to small and medium sized ISPs in the Middle East and Caucasus region where terrestrial telecommunications infrastructures are underdeveloped.
In December 2010, SES announced two agreements for the lease of capacity on Astra 1G. The first was with the Ukrainian state-owned company, Ukrkosmos, to provide capacity at 31.5°E for broadcasting direct to Ukrainian homes and to cable head ends and terrestrial networks. The Ukrkosmos platform includes the channels UTR, Kultura, KDRTRK, Sport 1, Sport 2, Malyatko TV and Menu TV. The second agreement was with Central European Media Enterprises (CME) which contracted a transponder on Astra 1G for distribution of services to cable head ends in Romania and Bulgaria, starting in January 2011. CME provides TV channels including Pro TV, Pro TV International, Acasa, Pro Cinema, Sport.ro and MTV Romania to Romania and bTV, bTV Cinema, bTV Comedy, PRO.BG and RING.BG in Bulgaria, and is the "anchor customer" for Astra's 31.5°E slot.
History.
The first hint of SES' plan to develop the 31.5° east position as a new 'hot spot' for satellite TV came with the positioning of the ancient Australian satellite, Optus A3 (launched 1987) at 31.5° East (albeit in a 9° inclined orbit), carrying SES test transmissions in July 2006, to occupy the slot until Astra craft could be moved there.
In November 2007, Astra 1D (originally launched to the Astra 19.2°E position but in July 2007 moved to help establish the Astra 23.5°E position) was approaching the end of its design life and was replaced at 23.5° east by Astra 1E. Astra 1D was moved to 31.5° east, where it operated in inclined orbit, to replace Optus A3.
In April 2008, Optus A3 was moved from the 31.5° east position and operation of the Sirius 2 satellite (owned by NSAB - later, SES Sirius - and launched in 1997 to the 5°E position) was transferred to SES and the craft was renamed Astra 5A and moved to 31.5° east to officially open up the new Astra 31.5°E position, although control of the craft in orbit was kept with the Swedish Space Corporation.
On January 16, 2009 Astra 5A "experienced a technical anomaly leading to the end of the spacecraft’s mission". All traffic ceased, with much of it (especially channels for German cable service, Kabel Deutschland) transferred to Astra 23.5°E. Astra 1D is not suitable for the transmission of these services because it is in an inclined orbit. In March 2009, SES announced that in April, the Astra 2C satellite was to be moved from the 28.2° east position to Astra 31.5°E to temporarily take over Astra 5A's mission until Astra 3B is launched to Astra 23.5°E, when another craft currently there can be released to Astra 31.5°E. The satellite move was started in May and completed on May 11 with the first transponders coming into use at the new position in the subsequent two weeks.
In June 2010, Astra 3B (launched May 2010) came into operation at Astra 23.5°E and Astra 1G was moved from that position to Astra 31.5°E, where it could release Astra 1D for use elsewhere and take over all broadcasting activity from Astra 2C. Astra 2C remained at the Astra 31.5°E position until September 2010, when it was moved to Astra 19.2°E while Astra 1N, which was intended for positioning at 19.2°E, was used at Astra 28.2°E.
Late in 2009 SES announced that a new satellite had been ordered for this position. Astra 5B was built by Astrium on the Eurostar E3000 platform for DTH, DTT and cable use in Eastern Europe, and was due to be launched in the second quarter of 2013. In October 2013, it was announced that Astra 5B would be launched on December 6, 2013. but in November 2013 SES announced postponement until January 2014 because of delays with the Amazonas 4A craft that was to accompany Astra 5B in the launch rocket. In February 2014 it was announced that the satellite would be launched on March 21, 2014 and the Astra 1D and Astra 2B satellites were moved to 31.5°E to provide backup capacity pending the arrival of the new satellite.

</doc>
<doc id="19044831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044831" title="Elson Seale">
Elson Seale

Elson Seale was a Barbados-American soccer forward who played in the North American Soccer League, American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League. He is currently an independent businessman in the Kansas City area.
Seale attended Columbia High School in Maplewood, New Jersey, graduating in 1971. In 1999, he was named by "The Star-Ledger" as one of the top ten New Jersey high school soccer players of the 1970s. He then attended Philadelphia University where he played on the men's soccer team from 1974 to 1977. He was a 1973 Honorable Mention (third team), 1974 Second Team and 1975 First Team All American. He graduated in 1976. He was inducted into the school's Athletic Hall of Fame in 2005.
He began his professional career in 1978 with the Portland Timbers of the North American Soccer League. In 1979, he moved indoors with the Philadelphia Fever of the Major Indoor Soccer League. In 1981, he returned to outdoor soccer with the Pennsylvania Stoners of the American Soccer League. He then finished his career with the Kansas City Comets of MISL. He may have also spent time in the German Regionalliga.
In 1989, he founded Packaging Solutions in Kansas City, Missouri. In 1997, he founded Bajan Industries, also in Kansas City, while remaining CEO and president of Packaging Solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="19044832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044832" title="Mike Sheerin">
Mike Sheerin

Mike Sheerin is a Canadian, Toronto-based television producer. He started Architect Films - which currently produces Decked Out, Deck Wars and Ice Cold Cash. Before starting Architect Films in 2010, Mike Sheerin was a documentary director/producer. His documentaries include: Hunting Arrows (CBC Newsworld, 2001), The Biographer's Voice (CBC/90th Parallel Productions, 2005), The Degrassi Story (CTV/90th Parallel Productions, 2005), The Secret Mulroney Tapes (CBC/90th Parallel, 2005), Encounters with Moses (CBC/90th Parallel, 2006), Welcome to Canadaville (CTV/90th Parallel, 2007), Bravo Company: Kandahar (History Television/90th Parallel, 2007) and The Path to War (Global/90th Parallel, 2008).
Sheerin won the 2008 Gemini award for Best Photography in a Documentary (Bravo Company: Kandahar). He has been nominated for three other Gemini awards: Best Biography Documentary (The Biographer's Voice), Best History Documentary (The Secret Mulroney Tapes) and Best Direction in a Documentary (The Secret Mulroney Tapes).

</doc>
<doc id="19044845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044845" title="Vance Faber">
Vance Faber

Vance Faber (born December 1, 1944 in Buffalo, New York) is a mathematician, known for his work in combinatorics, applied linear algebra and image processing.
Faber received his Ph.D. in 1971 from Washington University in Saint Louis. His advisor was Franklin Tepper Haimo.
Faber was a professor at University of Colorado at Denver during the 1970s. He spent parts of 3 years at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder on a NASA postdoctoral fellowship where he wrote a second thesis on the numerical solution of the Shallow Water Equations under the direction of numerical analyst Paul Swarztrauber. In the 1980s and 1990s he was on the staff of the Computer Research and Applications Group at Los Alamos National Laboratory. He was Group Leader from 1990 to 1995.
From 1998 to 2003 Faber was CTO and Head of Research for three different small companies building imaging software: LizardTech, Mapping Science and Cytoprint. He is currently Director of Pattern Recognition at BD Bioimaging Systems.
In 1981, Gene Golub offered a US$500 prize for "the construction of a 3-term conjugate gradient like descent method for non-symmetric real matrices or a proof that there can be no such method". Faber and his co-author Thomas A. Manteuffel won this prize for their 1984 paper, in which they gave conditions for the existence of such a method and showed that, in general, there can be no such method.
Faber has an Erdős number of 1.

</doc>
<doc id="19044854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044854" title="Second rout of the Jiangnan Daying">
Second rout of the Jiangnan Daying

The Second rout of the Jiangnan Army Group () or the Jiangnan DaYing; (1857–1860) was the deployment of the Qing government's Green Standard Army to crush the Taiping Rebellion. The Green Standard Army twice attempted to besiege the Taiping rebels' capital Nanjing but was defeated both times by the rebel force's military strategies and tactics.
Jiangnan.
General Li Xiucheng of the rebel forces encircled the region of Jiangnan, taking over Hangzhou in the process, leading to its mayor committing suicide.
Li's daring act attracted the attention of Zhang Guoliang who ordered General Tidu Zhang Youliang(張玉良), in command of 36,000 troops, to track Li's corps. Li routed Zhang's troops and crippled the Army Group Jiangnan. When Zhang Youliang arrived in Hangzhou he believed that Li was occupying the city but Li's corps had left two days earlier on March 19th and attacked another city while waiting for reinforcements.
In Nanjing Hong Rengan ordered Chen Yucheng's troops to cross the river. Chen commanded over 100,000 forces along the river and on 29 April he received the signal to attack from Hong Rengan and began the crossing.
Zeng Guofan.
When Chief commander Zhang Guoliang and Imperial Inspector Minister Her Chyun died the Qing government promoted Zeng Guofan which changed the course of the war in favor of the Qing and their western allies.

</doc>
<doc id="19044861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044861" title="Equestrian at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Equestrian at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Equestrian at the 2000 Summer Paralympics consisted of mixed individual and team dressage events.

</doc>
<doc id="19044869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044869" title="540th Combat Crew Training Wing">
540th Combat Crew Training Wing

The 540th Combat Crew Replacement Wing is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last active in 1946 at Colorado Springs, assigned to Continental Air Forces.
History.
Prewar.
The 16th Bombardment Wing was first activated at Langley Field, Virginia in 1940 as part of the expansion of the Air Corps expansion in response to the war in Europe (Woodring Plan). It moved to Bowman Field, Kentucky in the spring of 1941. However, it apparently it did not have sufficient personnel for effective training and operations. It was inactivated in September 1941 and its personnel and equipment and mission transferred to the 5th Air Support Command.
Phase Training Unit.
The wing was again activated on 23 June 1942 at Wendover Field, Utah replacing the inactivating 102nd Bombardment Wing (Provisional). The 16th Wing was responsible for the supervision and control of the operational training of heavy bombardment groups (Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress and Consolidated B-24 Liberator) during the second phase of their operational training. The 16th Wing inherited control from the 102nd Wing of Walla Walla Army Air Field, Ephrata Army Air Field and Geiger Field in Washington; Muroc Army Air Field in California as well as Wendover.
The 16th Wing controlled the training of the following units, which on completion moved to the 17th Bombardment Wing for third phase training.
Two groups, the 330th Bombardment Group at Alamogordo Army Air Field, New Mexico and the 331st Bombardment Group at Casper Army Air Field, Wyoming provided second phase training to Replacement Combat Crews.
Operational Training Unit.
On 2 November 1942, the Second Air Force reorganized its bombardment training. From that date its wings controlled new bombardment groups from its activation until completion of operational training. The wing also assumed responsibility for training replacement combat crews. With this reorganization the 16th Bombardment Training Wing now controlled Operational Training Units (OTUs) at Clovis Army Air Field, New Mexico, Davis-Monthan Field, Arizona; Kearney Army Air Field, Nebraska and Alamogordo Army Air Field, New Mexico. It also was assigned Replacement Control Centers (RCCs) at Pueblo Army Air Field, Colorado and Biggs Field, Texas. It was assigned the following OTU groups to conduct training:
In May 1945 the wing mission changed to very heavy bombardment group training (Boeing B-29 Superfortress), which lasted until operations ceased in late 1945. It moved to Colorado Springs, Colorado, where it was a paper unit until inactivating in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="19044870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044870" title="Menna Shalabi">
Menna Shalabi

Menna Shalaby (; born Mennat Allah Hesham Shalaby; Arabic: منة الله هشام شلبي, on 24 July 1982) is an Egyptian actress featured in numerous movies. Shalaby is the daughter of the famous dancer: Zizi Mustafa.
Menna Shalaby is one of the most sought after Egyptian actresses of her generation.With passion and commitment for the field, she has managed to grace it with her talent and beauty, living different experiences through versatile characters she plays. She has managed to accomplish a lot more than other stars at a young age in a short period of time. A time filled with a wide array of exciting roles that constantly show us how multitalented she is.
Menna was subjected to fame at young age through her mother, dancer Zizi Mustafa. Making it in as an actress, though, was a dream she had and fought for on her own. Her first film was Al Saher (The Magician), directed by Radwan El Kashef whom she considered her godfather. Radwan taught Menna more than she could imagine. He shaped the way she perceives cinema and how to undergo the process of characterisation, where she becomes one with the character and not merely an actor playing a role.
Her first appearance landed her roles in films such as Iw’a Wishak (Watch Out!), Film Hindi (Indian Film), Kallem Mama (Call Mom), and Ahla Al Awkat (The Best of Times). Menna was and continues to be influenced by great directors and screen legends she stars alongside. In Baheb Elcima (I Love Cinema), even though she didn’t have a big role, Menna benefitted a lot and holds the experience, with director Osama Fawzy, dear to her heart. Her role in Inta Omry was another milestone for her. Khaled Youssef was an inspiring mentor to her. 
Afterwards, she appeared in Abo El Arabi Wasal (Abo El Arabi Arrived), Ahlam Omrena (The Dreams of Our Lives), as well as Banat Wist ElBalad (Downtown Girls). The latter, directed by Mohamed Khan, allowed her to star with another young sensation, the talented Hind Sabry. It was a new and enlightening experience for Menna. After starring in Montaha El Lazza (Life is Great), she was ready for yet another life changing experience. Her work with Kamla Abu Zekry on An Eleshq Wel Hawa (Of Love and Passion) provided her great pleasure and enjoyment. Kamla was able to fuse chemistry and harmony flawlessly in her film and Menna was gladly a part of it.
She moved on to play prominent roles in Wahed Men Elnas (One of the People), Ouija, Fi Mahatet Masr (At the Cairo Station), Al Awerla fel Gharam (First Grade Love), and Heya Fawda (Chaos), an acclaimed film by the renowned late director Youssef Chahine. This film was another phenomenal one that gave her a notable boost in her promising career. She then starred in two remarkable films alongside the witty and gifted actor Ahmed Helmy. These films, Keda Reda (This is Good) and Asef Ala Alizaag (Sorry for the Disturbance), were exceptional and original and they were very well received. She continued to wow the audience with innovative roles and took on that of a drug addict in Badal Fa’ed (The Replacement). Her convincing and astounding performance gained her even more respect and appreciation from her fans.
Menna starred in Noor Einy (My Darling), Microphone, an unprecedented indie by the talented Ahmed Abdallah, Eza'at Hubb (Radio Love), and most recently Bibo w Beshir, a light comedy. Although Ba’d ElMawqeia (After the Battle) is yet to be released. Menna describes her work with director Yousry Nasrallah, a pedagogue to her, as pivotal to her career. She considers her part in this movie a portal that completely transformed and reinvented her.
Menna played some noteworthy roles in TV as well, appearing in series such as the superb Hadith AlSabah Wal Masaa, Ayna Qalby, Le Dawaiy Amneyah, El Banat, Sekket El Helaly and Harb El Gawasis.
The stunning Menna Shelaby has won several awards to commemorate her achievements. She was awarded Best Actress at the National Film Festival for Egyptian Cinema for her role in Al Saher in 2001; Best actress at the Catholic Center for Egyptian Cinema for her role in Banat Wust Elbalad in 2007; Best Actress at the National Film Festival for Egyptian Cinema for her role in An Eleshk Wel Hawa in 2007; Special Award at the Damascus Film Festival for her role in Banat Wust Elbalad (Downtown Girls) Film 2007; Special Mention at the Alexandria Film Festival for her role in Wahed men Elnas in 2009; and finally, Best Actress in a leading role at the ART Oscar for her role in Harb El Gawasees TV series in 2009.
Menna strives to find compelling roles through new and fresh characters. She finds herself within each character and serves it well by being instead of acting it. Menna’s brilliant accomplishments guarantee an even brighter future; one filled with new enthralling roles. The only constant she keeps is her ability to change and be the competent, versatile actress that she is.

</doc>
<doc id="19044879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044879" title="Ben Hanna Winery">
Ben Hanna Winery

Ben Hanna Winery is an Israeli winery which produces wines from the Judean Hills region. The winery was founded by the Shlomi Zadok's family in 2002, as a microwinery which produced 75 cases. Wine critics such as Robert M. Parker, Jr. and the Wine Spectator have noted Ben Hanna Winery as an upcoming wine producer from Israel. Ben Hanna Winery is located in the Adulam Valley, in Moshav Gefen.

</doc>
<doc id="19044926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044926" title="Totally Pets">
Totally Pets

Totally Pets is a half-hour program that focuses on children and their interaction with their pets and the many ways to keep their pets happy and healthy. It was hosted by Cyndy Garvey. The series aired on PAX TV in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19044948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044948" title="List of European Athletics Championships medalists (women)">
List of European Athletics Championships medalists (women)

This is a complete list of women's medalists of the European Athletics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19044956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044956" title="Christopher Renshaw">
Christopher Renshaw

Christopher Renshaw (born 18 March 1952) is a British theatre director. He was educated at Reading School in Reading, Berkshire, where his father taught German, and Magdalen College, Oxford.
He has directed many musicals, plays and operas in Australia, London and New York. He was nominated for a Tony Award for his work on "The King and I".
Biography.
Christopher Renshaw's career as a director is all encompassing. After leaving Magdalen College, Oxford he spent three years with The Glyndebourne Festival Opera before moving to The Royal Opera House, Covent Garden.
Renshaw has directed operas all over the world, including "Eugene Onegin" at The Aldeburgh Festival, conducted by Rostropovitch, "Lucrezia Borgia" (with Dame Joan Sutherland) in Rome, "Falstaff" in Monte Carlo and Luisa Miller (with Luciano Pavarotti) in Philadelphia which was recorded for American television. Other productions of his have been seen at Opera North, Buxton Festival Belfast, Antwerp, Connecticut, Oslo, and Jerusalem. He has directed eight productions of The Australian Opera at the Sydney Opera House including "Aida", "Norma" (again with Dame Joan Sutherland), "Trial by Jury" and "The Mikado" which has recently been released on commercial video.
Renshaw directed a new production of Benjamin Britten's "A Midsummer Night's Dream" at the Royal Opera House Covent Garden and, in 1978, the British premiere of Tchaikovsky's "The Maid of Orleans".
A gradual move towards straight theatre began when he directed the production of "The Grand Duchess of Gerolstein" at the Camden Festival (with Patricia Routledge). He followed this with a production of "The Soldier's Tale" (with Sir Michael Hordern) for the Greenwich Festival and Hansel and Gretel with Sheila Steafel as the Witch. For the BBC he directed Vincent Price and Keith Michell in "Ruddigore" and also his own adaptation of "Orpheus in the Underworld" with Dennis Quilley as Jupiter.
Renshaw's series of Gilbert and Sullivan operettas at Sadler's Wells began with "The Mikado" which was then followed by "The Gondoliers" and "HMS Pinafore" (with Nickolas Grace). This production scored great success when it played at The City Center in New York.
National tours of plays have included Angela Huth's adaptation of "Little Women" (with Jill Gascoine), "Towards Zero" (Marius Goring and Michael Cashman), "Deadly Embrace" (with Patrick Ryecart) and "Wait Until Dark" for Bill Kenwright, all having started at The Churchill Theater Bromley.
In London's West End he has directed "Dry Rot" (with Sir Brian Rix) at The Lyric, "Café Puccini" (produced by Cameron Mackintosh and Andrew Lloyd Webber) at Wyndhams, "Paris Match" (with Siân Phillips and Stephen Moore) at The Garrick, "Yeoman of the Guard" at The Cambridge Theater and "Bless the Bride" again at the Sadler's Wells. He also directed a Gala performance of Cole Porter's "Nymph Errant" at Drury Lane.
He directed "The Tale of the Two Horseman" at the Greenwich Theatre and "Tiercé Gagnant" at the Théâtre de la Michodière in Paris.
In 1991 he directed "Warholia" by Snoo Wilson at Offstage Theater Camden and a production of "The King and I", which toured throughout Australia where it was a huge hit. Shortly thereafter "The King and I" opened on Broadway starring Donna Murphy (which garnered her a Tony Award) and Lou Diamond Phillips to rave reviews.
Christopher Renshaw received the 1996 Drama Desk Award as well as Tony and Outer Critics Circle nominations for his direction of "The King and I". The revival subsequently won the Tony Award for Best Revival. The West End production of "The King and I" opened, May 2 and has already garnered the largest advance in West End history.
In the winter of 2002 Renshaw opened an original musical entitled "Taboo" with Boy George about the life and times of Culture Club in London's West End, which went on to transfer to Broadway. His production of "We Will Rock You" with the original band members and presented by Robert De Niro premiered in London in the summer of 2002, where it continues to break box-office records and has gone on to tour the world. In summer of 2008, Renshaw premiered the original musical "Zorro", based on the mythic character with music by the Gipsy Kings in London's West End. The show was met with wide critical praise and is currently touring the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19044957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044957" title="XXX Corps (Pakistan)">
XXX Corps (Pakistan)

The XXX Corps (30 Corps), known as Triple X Corps, is an active military administrative corps of Pakistan Army currently assigned in Gujranwala, Punjab Province. The Corps is a major and integral part of Eastern Military Command of Pakistan Defence Forces where, along with PAF's Eastern Air Command and Navy's Eastern Naval Command. It is currently commanded by Lieutenant-General Salim Nawaz, who is designated as Corps Commander of the Corps. 
The vital area, which connects Pakistani Punjab and parts of Kashmir governed by India (extending from Jehlum to Narowal), has always been of strategic importance; the place was the site of major battles in both 1965 and 1971. Traditionally, this area had been held by I Corps. That corps already had offensive duties and the task of defending this area was being neglected by the corps HQ.
To improve the situation it was decided to raise another corps headquarters to look after this area. Thus the XXX Corps was raised and given the command of both new raisings and units and formations detached from I Corps, which was then dedicated to offensive tasks.
Since the beginnings of an anti-India insurgency in Kashmir, the Line of Control has been an active operational zone. The corps has been deployed along its sector of the LOC and engaged in operations since 1989.
Order of battle.
Its present order of battle is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19044981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19044981" title="China–Turkey relations">
China–Turkey relations

Chinese–Turkish relations are foreign relations between China and Turkey. Turkey recognized the PRC on 5 August 1971. Turkey pursues One-China policy and recognizes the PRC as the sole legal representative of China. The PRC has an embassy in Ankara, and a consulate–general in Istanbul whereas Turkey has an embassy in Beijing and 2 consulates–general in Hong Kong and Shanghai. However, recently, because of China's recent conflicts with Turkic Uyghur separatists, relations have at times been strained.
Korean War.
During the Korean War a Turkish brigade served in the United Nations forces in support of South Korean and American forces and was attached to the U.S. 25th Infantry Division. Turkey was the second country, after the United States, to answer United Nations Resolution 83 requesting military aid to South Korea following the North Korean invasion. The Turkish government sent a brigade of 5,000 troops to fight under UN Command against North Korea and subsequently the People's Republic of China. The brigade fought in several important actions against Chinese forces at the Battle of Wawon and the battle of Kumyangjang-Ni (25–26 January 1950), after which the brigade was awarded Unit Citations from South Korea and the United States.
Visits.
On 28 November 2008, Jia Qinglin, China’s top political advisor and the chairman of the People's Political Consultative Conference, gave an official goodwill visit to Turkey as guest of Turkish Parliament Speaker Köksal Toptan. In Ankara, Jia met Turkish President Abdullah Gül and Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan. After visiting Ankara, Jia attended a business forum entitled "Turkish-Chinese Economic and Commercial Opportunities Forum" in İstanbul.
Turkish President Abdullah Gül has become the first Turkish president to visit China in 14 years with his official visit between on 24–29 June 2009. Gül said one of the major goals of his visit was to boost economic relations. In Beijing, Gül hold talks with his Chinese counterpart Hu Jintao and attended a Turkey-China business forum. Following the meetings, seven cooperation agreements were signed between the two countries in the fields of energy, banking, finance and culture. After Beijing, Gül visited Xian, and he was awarded with an honorary doctorate by the Xian Northwest University. In the third leg of his China trip, Gül visited Shenzhen. Upon an invitation of the Beijing administration, Gül also visited Urumqi, and has become the first Turkish president visiting Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.
2009 riots.
Initially in response to the July 2009 Ürümqi riots, the Foreign Ministry of Turkey urged the Chinese authorities to find the perpetrators and bring them to justice. But some officials disagreed: a deputy from ruling Justice & Development (AK) Party resigned from the Turkey-China Interparliamentary Friendship Group, and in his personal capacity, Turkey's industry and trade minister called on Turks to boycott Chinese goods to protest the continuing ethnic violence, to which the Chinese chargé d'affaires in Ankara expressed "surprise". After daily demonstrations in Ankara and Istanbul, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan strengthened his rhetoric and said "These incidents in China are as if they are genocide. We ask the Chinese government not to remain a spectator to these incidents." China demanded that Recep Tayyip Erdogan retract his accusation; editorials in the state-run China Daily pointed out that 137 of the 184 victims of the unrest were Han Chinese, A phone conversation between China and Turkey's respective foreign ministers reaffirmed the importance of Turkish-Chinese relations, and Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said that Turkey did not intend "to interfere with the domestic affairs of China".
Reconciliation.
On October 7, 2010, China and Turkey signed eight cooperation agreements relating to trade, cultural and technical exchange, marine cooperation, and other things. At the signing ceremony attended by both of the countries' prime ministers, both pledged to increase bilateral trade to $50 billion by 2015, and to cooperate in building high-speed rail to link Ankara to Istanbul. Later in November, Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu toured China for six days and met with his counterpart Yang Jiechi, after Chinese premier Wen Jiabao visited Turkey and upgraded the China–Turkey relationship to a "strategic partnership". Among the joint pledges the foreign ministers made in China were to start a Turkish industrial zone in Xinjiang and to jointly crack down on separatism and terrorism, including on anti-China separatist activities in Turkey. Commentators have cited these stronger ties as further proof of a realignment of Turkish foreign policy to the "East".

</doc>
<doc id="19045026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045026" title="Grassmannian (disambiguation)">
Grassmannian (disambiguation)

In mathematics, a Grassmannian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19045028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045028" title="Grimmy">
Grimmy

Grimmy can refer to either of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19045035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045035" title="Ralph Remington">
Ralph Remington

<br>
Ralph Remington (born January 2, 1963 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is the Western Regional Director/Assistant Executive Director of Actors' Equity Association. Remington is also an American theater producer, theater director, actor, writer, former funder, former American politician and member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party in Minneapolis, Minnesota. In 2010 he became the Director of Theater and Musical Theater for the National Endowment for the Arts. He currently resides in the Los Angeles, California area. Remington has written seven feature screenplays and two plays. 
He is founding producing artistic director of Pillsbury House Theatre, in Minneapolis Minnesota where he was also an elected member of the Minneapolis City Council. He served one term from 2005 through 2009. Ralph Remington is a US Army Veteran, certified AIDS/HIV educator, union member and former International Brotherhood of Teamsters organizer. He is currently a member of Screen Actors Guild and American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (SAG-AFTRA) and Actors' Equity Association (AEA).
Early life.
Ralph grew up in West Philadelphia. His parents are Ralph and Sadie Satterthwaite. He has two younger siblings Eric and Kristoffer Satterthwaite. He attended Anderson Elementary School, Julia R. Masterman School and Turner Middle School. He was also a student at Central High School (Philadelphia) before leaving in his sophomore year for The Philadelphia High School for the Creative and Performing Arts. Ralph Remington is a member of the first graduating class of The Philadelphia High School for the Creative and Performing Arts, in 1980, where he was President of the Student Council for two years. He was a Drama Major and a Dance Minor. He studied Ballet, Tap, Jazz and Modern at Philadanco. While in high school, Ralph was a TV moderator/host for the series "Perspective Youth" on the ABC-TV affiliate WPVI-TV in Philadelphia. Ralph changed his name professionally from Satterthwaite to Remington upon joining the acting unions in the 1980s. His first acting gig under an Equity contract was "Soulful Scream of a Chosen Son" with Rob Morrow, written by Ned Eisenberg, at The Philadelphia Festival Theater for New Plays. While living in New York City, he was a member of the company "Thunder in the Light", under the direction of Remi Bosseau at The Whole Theatre, under artistic director Olympia Dukakis.
Career.
Ralph Remington serves as the Western Regional Director/Assistant Executive Director of Actors' Equity Association (AEA). He is based in Los Angeles, California. As part of an Executive Team, comprising the other AEDs and under the leadership of the Executive Director, Remington works to develop and implement the administrative vision, which integrates key national and regional goals of AEA, the labor union representing 49,000 Actors and Stage Managers of the professional theatre in the United States. 
Remington served as the Director for Theater and Musical Theater at the National Endowment for the Arts. He was responsible for the grantmaking processes for theater and musical theater, developing partnerships to advance the theater field as a whole, and leading large-scale theater projects such as the NEA's New Play Development Program. He was appointed by NEA Chairman and Broadway theatre producer, Rocco Landesman.
In January 2014, Ralph Remington become the western regional director for Actors' Equity Association, the union of professional actors.
Remington is a visionary artistic director with a proven record of leadership and innovation in eclectic theatrical environments. He has directed, produced and acted in over 50 plays. He served as artistic associate and director of community engagement with Arena Stage, overseeing all of the company's outreach and education programs and a staff of 19, managing a $750,000 budget. While at Arena, he led the Living Stage Theater Company, created and toured a devised work piece called "America: Work in Progress", and directed Dael Orlandersmith's critically acclaimed "The Gimmick" and "Talking With" by Jane Martin.
In the spring of 2002, Remington directed a critically acclaimed production of Amiri Baraka's Dutchman at the Source Theater in Washington.
He was the executive director of the Media Artists Resource Center in St. Paul where he was responsible for fundraising and strategic planning and engineered a successful merger with the Independent Filmmaker Project.
Mr. Remington founded Pillsbury House Theatre out of the settlement house tradition of community collaboration. He served as Pillsbury's producing artistic director, managing a $500,000 budget. He also selected and oversaw a four-to-six play annual series; founded Breaking Ice, a touring multiracial, socio-political improv company for youth and adults; and created the Chicago Avenue Project where children write and perform original plays with professional actors. The program received a Coming Up Taller award in 2005. Presented by the First Lady Laura Bush on behalf of the President's Committee on the Arts and Humanities, Coming Up Taller awards recognize outstanding community arts and humanities programs that celebrate the creativity of America's young people. In addition, Ralph has directed at Intermedia Arts, Painted Bride Art Center, The Southern Theater and Walker Art Center.
Mr. Remington is also a former member of the Guthrie Theater acting company, in Minneapolis, Minnesota with Rainn Wilson in "The Venetian Twins".
Mr. Remington was a city council member on the Minneapolis City Council in the City of Minneapolis, where he governed the metropolis through legislative, administrative, and financial power, controlling a 1.4 billion dollar municipal budget.
He received his Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in Drama from Howard University.
National Endowment for the Arts.
He was responsible for designing and leading national leadership initiatives, developing partnerships to advance the theater field, recommending panelists, and managing the review process for theater and musical theatre applications.
Ralph implemented stronger emphasis on new play development with 75% of NEA funding focused on new plays.
Under Ralph's leadership fewer grants were awarded at greater financial amounts resulting in higher institutional impact.
He makes frequent speeches and public dialogues to national audiences at various venues around the country.
Remington has forged stronger relationships with private and public funders nationally.
In December 2011 Ralph was invited by the Chinese Minister of Culture to be a Keynote Speaker at The 2nd International Forum on the Development of China's Musical Theatre & The 5th Symposium on the Teaching & Creation of China's Musical Theatre, at the Beijing Contemporary Music Academy. He specifically addressed the funding and development of Musical Theatre by the United States of America. 
Minneapolis City Council.
Neighborhoods in Ward 10
• CARAG: Calhoun Area Residents Action Group
• CIDNA: Cedar Isles Dean Neighborhood Association
• ECCO: East Calhoun Community Organization
• EIRA: East Isles Residents Association
• EHFNA: East Harriet Farmstead Neighborhood Association
• LHENA: Lowry Hill East Neighborhood Association
• LNA: Lyndale Neighborhoon Association
Major Developments or Initiatives in Ward 10
• Acme Tag
• Blue Apartments 
• Calhoun Square Redevelopment 
• Lake Calhoun City Apartments
• Lumen on Lagoon 
• Midtown Greenway 
• Mozaic 
• Uptown House 
• Uptown Small Area Plan
• Urban Village
Appointments
Committees"'
• Community Development 
• Elections 
• Intergovernmental Relations 
• Rules, chair 
• Taxes 
• Zoning and Planning
Boards, Commissions and Task Forces
• Meet Minneapolis 
• Southwest Corridor Policy Advisory Committee 
• Urban Land Institute Executive Committee 
• National League of Cities Public Safety Committee 
• MTN Study Commission 
• Republican National Convention Workgroup 
• Civilian Review Authority Workgroup 
• Minneapolis Community Development Agency (MCDA) Operating Committee 
• Midtown Community Works
Speeches, Articles and Resolutions
• Animal Protection Article 
• A Premier Destination Speech 
• Closing Speech On Circus Animals 
• Circus Animal Ban Speech 
• Destroying Tribalism and Creating Community 
• Final Cessation of War Resolution 
• Impeachment Now 
• The City Can and Should Prohibit Animal Circuses
Political Facts.
Ralph Remington was an early supporter and a Minnesota state-wide elected delegate for the nomination of then Senator Barack Obama for President of the United States at The Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado in 2008. As a city council member in Minneapolis, he was one of the earliest elected officials in the country, along with Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak to support Barack Obama for his first Presidential bid. Remington was the first African-American and indeed the first person of color ever elected to represent his ward on the Minneapolis City Council.
Awards.
2002 Distinguished Alumni Award from Howard University
2010 NEA Chairman's Award for Distinguished Service
Military Service.
After receiving his B.F.A. degree from Howard University, Remington enlisted in the US Army. He completed Basic Training at Fort Jackson (South Carolina). He was then sent to Communications School at Fort Gordon, in Augusta, Georgia. After graduation from Fort Gordon he received orders to report to McNair Kaserne 32nd Signal Battalion in Frankfurt, Germany in 1985. He was stationed in V Corps under the command of General Colin Powell. He lived in Frankfurt, Germany for two and a half years. He received an Honorable Discharge in 1988.
Personal life.
Ralph was married to German designer Andrea Moseler in 1988. They divorced in 1991. Ralph has been with current spouse Mary Remington since 2000. He has two step-daughters, Bridget and Brianna. Remington has also lived in New York City, Santa Monica, California and Culver City, California as an actor and screenwriter.
External links.
Ralph Remington as the New Director of Theater 
and Musical Theater

</doc>
<doc id="19045043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045043" title="The Book Lady">
The Book Lady

The Book Lady is a documentary about country music legend and pop-culture icon Dolly Parton’s campaign for children’s literacy.
Dolly Parton, Miley Ray Cyrus, Keith Urban, Canadian singer–songwriters Sarah Harmer and Justin Rutledge, fiddler Natalie MacMaster and children's author Robert Munsch are featured in the documentary, which chronicles the launch of Parton’s “Imagination Library” in Canada.
"The Book Lady" was directed by Natasha Ryan, produced by Brad Horvath and executive-produced by filmmaker Thom Fitzgerald and Doug Pettigrew. It will air on CBC Television, Bravo! and BookTelevision in Canada.
It had its international premiere at the 28th Atlantic Film Festival in Halifax, Nova Scotia, on September 20, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19045052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045052" title="2-Methylfuran">
2-Methylfuran

2-Methylfuran is a flammable, water-insoluble liquid with a chocolate odor, found naturally in Myrtle and Dutch Lavender
used as a FEMA GRAS flavoring substance, with the potential for use in alternative fuels.
Manufacture.
2-Methylfuran is an article of commerce (chemical intermediate) and is normally manufactured by catalytic hydrogenolyis of furfuryl alcohol or via a hydrogenation-hydrogenolysis sequence from furfural in the vapor phase.

</doc>
<doc id="19045058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045058" title="List of Philadelphia Phillies turn back the clock games">
List of Philadelphia Phillies turn back the clock games

The Chicago White Sox hosted the first Turn Back the Clock game in Major League Baseball on July 11, 1990. The White Sox wore their 1917 home uniforms and turned off the electronic scoreboards. The Phillies held their first Turn Back the Clock game on June 16, 1991. The Phillies and Reds wore double-knit versions of their 1950 wool-flannel uniforms.

</doc>
<doc id="19045066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045066" title="Victory">
Victory

Victory (from Latin "victoria") is a term, originally applied to warfare, given to success achieved in personal combat, after military operations in general or, by extension, in any competition. Success in a military campaign is considered a strategic victory, while the success in a military engagement is a tactical victory.
In terms of human emotion, victory is accompanied with strong feelings of elation, and in human behaviour is often accompanied with movements and poses paralleling threat display preceding the combat, associated with the excess endorphin built up preceding and during combat.
Victory dances and victory cries similarly parallel war dances and war cries performed before the outbreak of physical violence.
Examples of victory behaviour reported in Roman antiquity, where the term originates, are the victory songs of the Batavi mercenaries serving under Gaius Julius Civilis after the victory over Quintus Petillius Cerialis in the Batavian rebellion of 69 AD (according to Tacitus), and also the "abominable song" to Wodan, sung by the Lombards at their victory celebration in 579. The sacrificial animal was a goat, around whose head the Langobard danced in a circle while singing their victory hymn (see also Oslac).
In the Roman Republic, victories were celebrated by triumph ceremonies and monuments such as victory columns (e.g. Trajan's Column). A trophy is a token of victory taken from the defeated party, such as the enemy's weapons ("spolia"), or body parts (as in the case of head hunters).
In mythology, victory is often deified, as in Greek Nike or Roman Victoria. The victorious agent is a hero, often portrayed as engaging in hand-to-hand combat with a monster (as Saint George slaying the dragon, Indra slaying Ahi, Thor slaying the Midgard Serpent etc.). Sol Invictus ("Sun invincible") of Roman mythology became an epithet of Christ in Christian mythology. The resurrection of Christ is presented as a victory over Death and Sin by Paul of Tarsus (1 Corinthians 15:55; see also Jesus Christ in comparative mythology).
Latinate "victory" from the 14th century replaces Old English "sige" (Gothic "sigis", Old High German "sigu"), a frequent element in Germanic names (as in Sigibert, Sigurd etc.), cognate to Celtic "sego-" and Sanskrit "sahas".

</doc>
<doc id="19045070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045070" title="Maurice Cottenet">
Maurice Cottenet

Maurice Cottenet (11 February 1895 – 11 April 1972) was a French footballer. He was part of France national football team squad at the 1924 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19045072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045072" title="Malcolm Fraser (philanthropist)">
Malcolm Fraser (philanthropist)

Malcolm Hough Fraser (1903–1994), was an American philanthropist and businessman. He founded the Genuine Parts Company with his brother in 1928 and the Stuttering Foundation of America in 1947, giving the latter most of its $10 million endowment. He was the recipient of the fourth annual National Council on Communicative Disorders' (NCCD's) Distinguished Service Award and posthumous recipient of the NCCD's Charles Van Riper Award, and a book he authored, "Self-Therapy for the Stutterer", has been called a "classic".
Biography.
Malcolm Fraser was born in Cornwall-on-Hudson, New York, in 1903, and stuttered severely from an early age. He had his first formal speech therapy session with Dr. Frederick Martin, Superintendent of Speech Correction for the New York City Schools, who succeeded in helping him become fluent in the clinic. However, when instructed to speak on stage in a presentation to a group of eminent physicians, he "couldn't utter a single syllable"; he would remember that experience for many years, "even at age 90". Subsequently, he attended Hamilton College for two years, before graduating from the University of Pittsburgh in 1924.
In 1928, Fraser and his older brother, Carlyle, founded the Genuine Parts Company in Atlanta. The former became the president of the company's Memphis warehouse, trained many of the employees who now manage the company, and would remain a director of the company until his death. As of 2000, the company was the "industry leading distributor of automotive, industrial, office and electrical/electronic replacement parts".
In 1947, Fraser, at age 44 and with significant stuttering problems, set up the Stuttering Foundation of America and made his first donation to the foundation, US$2,500, a significant amount at the time. He subsequently contacted Charles Van Riper, an expert in the field, who would eventually receive research grants from the foundation and work on various projects including a study on the effect of avoidance on stuttering, and a conference of experts that attempted to reach some agreement on general guidelines for a comprehensive program on stuttering. During the early years of the foundation, Frasers wife, Charlotte, was its entire staff. Fraser would eventually give the foundation most of its US$10 million endowment, and write "Self-Therapy for the Stutterer", first published in 1978, a book that has been called a classic, and has been translated into eight languages.
In 1984, Fraser received the fourth annual NCCD's Distinguished Service Award. The NCCD, a council of 32 United States organizations, recognized the foundation's efforts in adding to stutterers', parents', clinicians', and the public's awareness and ability to deal constructively with stuttering. In 1989, Hamilton College presented him with the honorary degree of Doctor of Humane Letters for his outstanding work on behalf of those who stutter.
Fraser died of congestive heart failure on February 1994, at the age of 91, at his home in Memphis, and is survived by his daughter, Jane Fraser Fulcher, and two grandchildren. In 1997, he was honored posthumously with the Charles Van Riper Award, presented by James Earl Jones at the 16th Annual NCCD Awards Ceremony, for his "outstanding commitment to people who stutter".

</doc>
<doc id="19045075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045075" title="Tom Morgan (comics)">
Tom Morgan (comics)

Tom Morgan (born October 21) is an American comic book artist known primarily for his work on Marvel Comics' "Captain America", "The Punisher 2099", "Excalibur" and "Iron Man".
Career.
Morgan broke into the industry in the early 1980s and worked on a large number of Marvel titles, mostly as a fill-in artist, for such books as "Captain America", "Star Brand", "West Coast Avengers", "Star Trek", and "Power Pack". In the mid-1990s, he worked on "Punisher 2099" and "Iron Man" for Marvel; and "Extreme Justice" and both the "Action Comics" and "The Adventures of Superman" titles for DC Comics.
Morgan drew the comic book version of Barack Obama's biography, released in the fall of 2008 by IDW Publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="19045089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045089" title="Basheer Saeed">
Basheer Saeed

Bashir Saeed (; born June 28, 1981) is a professional footballer who has represented the United Arab Emirates internationally. He also plays as a defender for Al-Ahli Dubai.
Club Statistics.
As of 28 September 2009
Club.
<br>1Continental competitions include the AFC Champions League<br>
2Other tournaments include the UAE President Cup and Etisalat Emirates Cup,

</doc>
<doc id="19045093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045093" title="National Archives of Malta">
National Archives of Malta

The National Archives of Malta is the central archive maintained by the Mediterranean island nation of Malta. The Archives has been housed in the Grandmaster's Palace for most of its lifetime, having moved to three separate locations during the late 1980s. In 1988, the Legal Documentation Section of the National Archives of Malta was opened, after records of court and tribunal hearings and decisions had been transferred to a Mdina facility beginning the previous year. A Gozo facility was opened soon after, and in 1994, the then-President of Malta, Ugo Mifsud Bonnici, officially opened the Archives' new Rabat head office and main facility. All of the Archives' locations feature a reading room, with facilities for researchers open to those over the age of sixteen who produce valid identification.
In recent years, the National Archives of Malta has been increasing its presence on the Internet, in line with many of its national archival counterparts throughout the world. This effort has included enabling members of the public to search the records of the Archives online, and view a short description of what is contained in the records found. Other efforts have included the digitising of a number of the Archives' holdings, the release of many of the Archives' publications on its web site, the sale of copies of the Archives' holdings through its 'e-shop', and an online presence for Malta's "National Memory Project", dedicated to eternalising the memories of those who have contributed to the history of Malta.
History.
Efforts to establish a national archive began in 1971, when a Committee on the Preservation of Public Records was established by Guze’ Cassar Pullicino. One year later, in 1972, a section of Malta's public records at Casa Leone was opened up to the public and research facilities were provided for the public's use. Initially under the oversight of Malta's Ministry for Justice and Parliamentary Affairs, the Archives moved to the Grandmaster's Palace in Valletta, the home of the House of Representatives of Malta, within a few months. At that point, the government official in charge of the Archives was Michael Ellul.
In January 1986, a governmental committee was established to discuss options for the management of Malta's public records. It was decided that a stand-alone National Archives of Malta would be established, to be headquartered in Rabat in a building that once housed a hospital. In addition, a building in Mdina was identified as suitable to house the records of Malta's courts from the beginning of the occupation of Malta by the Knights Hospitaller to the early period of occupation by the United Kingdom. In September 1987, the transfer of court records to the Mdina building began and was completed in October 1988. The transfer of all other records to the Rabat facility was not completed until July 28, 1989, and the official opening of the building did not occur until May 28, 1994, when Ugo Mifsud Bonnici, the fifth President of Malta, presided over the opening. At that time, the officer in charge was Joe Caruana.
The first regulating Act for the National Archives of Malta was Act IV, passed in 1990. Catalogues were published on CD-ROM, an annual lecture was established and an exhibition centre was opened. In 2005, Act V came into force, creating the post of National Archivist (currently Charles J. Farrugia) and created the National Archives as a legal person under the Government of Malta's umbrella. Since its opening, the National Archives have opened up three new facilities.
Facilities and services.
The National Archives of Malta maintains three facilities across Malta. The first facility to be opened was the Legal Documentation Section, located in Mdina, which was opened in 1988. This facility is located in an old bank building and houses court and tribunal records dating back to those decisions made under the Knights Hospitaller. The second facility is the Archives' Gozo location, which holds over 9,000 items. The final facility to be opened was the Head Office, located in Rabat, which was officially opened in 1994. This facility houses most of Malta's official records, and is the Archives' main facility.
The National Archives of Malta offers services available to all residents of Malta, although many of its on-site facilities are only open to residents over the age of sixteen years. The National Archives repositories contain reading rooms accessible to the public. Visitors are required to show identification to enter. The National Archives' reading rooms contain a reference library, printed catalogues, photocopying facilities, an information desk featuring a number of publications and fact sheets and tools for preserving Malta's records. Items stored in the archives may be accessed by members of the public by filling out a form. The records are then brought out to the requester's table. In addition, the National Archives features a number of maps, plans and drawings of various public location in Malta, as well as photography work on royal celebrations and reconstruction work.
In addition, the National Archives of Malta offers a group and school visit program to increase public awareness of the records held there. Groups of 25 people or less may be taken through the Archives and shown what it has to offer, and school visits can be arranged in both the Archives' Rabat and Mdina locations. School students are shown through the Archives to increase awareness of what they have to offer and also shown how archived documents are handled. Students are also given the chance to experience the difficulty involved in cataloging and reorganising the Archives' items.
Online services.
The National Archives of Malta, like its counterparts in other areas of the world, has been moving to increase the availability of its services on the Internet. A number of items in its collection have been, or are in the process of being, digitised, and a catalogue listing search, along with a short description of each item, is available online on the Archives' web site. The Archives releases many of its publications, including periodical newsletters, its annual report and the State of the Archives report, on its web site, and maintains an 'e-shop' to facilitate the sale of copies of some of its text and image holdings to interested members of the public. It is also possible to search the holdings of Malta's "National Memory Project", a memory of those who have contributed to the history of Malta, through the Archives' web site.

</doc>
<doc id="19045103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045103" title="Cyprus State Archives">
Cyprus State Archives

The Cyprus State Archives are the national archives of Cyprus. They depend upon the ministry of justice and public order. They were established in 1972. They are based in Nicosia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19045126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045126" title="Origins of Australian rules football">
Origins of Australian rules football

The origins of Australian rules football are obscure and still the subject of debate.
The earliest accounts of "foot-ball" in Australia date back to the 1820s. These early games were poorly documented but were likely based on British and Irish folk football. In 1858 cricketers, sports' enthusiasts and school students began to regularly play variants of English public school football in the parklands of Melbourne. The following year, when the Melbourne Football Club was formed, four members codified the first laws of Australian rules football.
Professional historians began to take an interest in the origins of Australian rules football in the late 1970s, and the first academic study of the sport was published in 1982. Since then, modern research has debunked various origin myths, including the once widely held view that Australian rules football is derived from Gaelic football. It has also been claimed that indigenous football games such as Marngrook played a role in the formation of Australian rules football, but there is little evidence to support this theory.
Pre-1858 accounts of "football".
Some form of football was played in Australia dating back to the period before European colonization. With the arrival of Europeans, a form of football was played very early on with matches being played in by 1829 in Sydney, Melbourne by 1840, Brisbane by 1849, and Tasmania by 1851. Most of these early games took part at local festivals, with no clear set of rules being used, and no codifed version of any game being played. Regional versions of football were played in places like South Australia using house rules predating Victorian codification of the game. The versions played locally in this period borrowed elements from the various codes that are present today including Australian rules, soccer and rugby football with the rules played being decided prior to the start of the match.
1858 – Earliest documented clubs and matches.
Football became increasingly organised and ingrained in the colony of Victoria in 1858, particularly in the capital Melbourne and surrounds.
The first written records regarding a football club in St Kilda date from April 1858. However, it was an informal version of the game. Two months later, on 15 June 1858, the earliest known record of Victorian football match was recorded. The game was played with modified rules between St Kilda Grammar School (now defunct) and Melbourne Grammar School on the St Kilda foreshore. There are also reports from 1858 of "football" clubs in Albert Park and Richmond. 
The first recorded club in South Australia was the Adelaide Football Club, in 1860 (this club has no link to the current Adelaide Football Club in the AFL).
Although reports from the media of the time indicate that senior football was played and that some early clubs may have been formed, no records from the clubs themselves are known to exist. It is typically assumed that they played by their own rules.
Tom Wills' letter.
A little over a year after his return from England and Rugby School, where he played rugby football, Tom Wills promoted the idea of organised football in the colony of Victoria, most notably when he wrote the following letter, published in "Bell's Life in Victoria" on 10 July 1858:
Sir, – Now that cricket has been put aside for some few months to come, and cricketers have assumed somewhat of the chrysalis nature (for a time only 'tis true), but at length again will burst forth in all their varied hues, rather than allow this state of torpor to creep over them, and stifle their new supple limbs, why can they not, I say, form a foot-ball club, and form a committee of three or more to draw up a code of laws? If a club of this sort were got up, it would be of vast benefit to any cricket-ground to be trampled upon, and would make the turf quite firm and durable; besides which it would keep those who are inclined to become stout from having their joints encased in useless superabundant flesh. If it is not possible to form a foot-ball club, why should not these young men who have adopted this new-born country for their motherland, why I say, do not they form themselves into a rifle club, so at any-rate they may be some day called upon to aid their adopted land against a tyrant's band, that may some day 'pop' upon us when we least expect a foe at our very doors. Surely our young cricketers are not afraid of the crack of the rifle, when they face so courageously the leathern sphere, and it would disgrace no one to learn in time to defend his country and his hearth. A firm heart, a steady hand, and a quick eye, are all that are requisite and, with practice, all these may be attained. Trusting that someone will take up the matter, and form either of the above clubs, or, at any rate, some athletic games, I remain, yours truly,
T.W. WILLS.
Experimental matches.
A month after his letter appeared, Wills acted as co-referee of a game between Melbourne Grammar School and Scotch College, played in the parkland surrounding the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Played over three afternoons by teams comprising forty players with the goal-posts approximately 500 metres apart, only one goal was scored (by Scotch). The rules required the winner to score twice, so the match was deemed a draw. It appears that there were major differences between Australian rules football as it was to evolve and this early school game, but the match is important as some claim it led to Tom Wills calling a meeting in 1859 at the Parade Hotel (on the site of the present M.C.G. Hotel) at which rudimentary rules for Victorian rules football (later known as Australian rules Football) were drawn up. 
In late July, Wills was organising "practice" matches at Yarra Park with Parade Hotel proprietor Jerry Bryant.
On 31 July, the earliest recorded senior match at Yarra Park was between a "St Kilda scratch team" and "Melbourne scratch team". Trees were used for goal posts and there were no boundaries and the match lasted from 1pm until dark. There were no rules and fights broke out. The media noted that each nationality (English, Irish and Scottish) played the match their own distinctive way.
Wills called a meeting for 1 August 1858 and this date is regarded by some as the formation date of the Melbourne Football Club (although records of the earliest records of the club's incorporation are in 1859).
On 7 August 1858 a famous match between Melbourne Grammar School and Scotch College began at Richmond Park, which was umpired by Wills and McAdam and also involved Scotch headmaster Thomas H. Smith. A second day of play took place on 21 August and a third, and final, day on 4 September. While the full rules that were used is unknown, the match was played with a round ball, the distance between the goals was approximately half a mile (approximately 4 times longer than the modern MCG playing surface), there were 40 players per side and one goal each side was scored with the game being declared a draw. The two schools have competed annually ever since for the Cordner-Eggleston Cup.
In Tasmania, a match in Hobart on 23 October 1858 at Queens Domain was notable for attracting a "large crowd".
Some regard these early matches as the first matches of Australian rules football, however to many it is clear that the game was still in the process of evolving.
1859: first rules.
The Melbourne Football Club rules of 1859 are the oldest surviving set of laws for Australian rules football. The ten simple rules were drawn up on 17 May at a meeting chaired by Wills and in attendance were journalists W. J. Hammersley and J. B. Thompson. Accounts of the people directly involved differ. Some sources also claim that Thomas H. Smith and H. C. A. Harrison were also present. The meeting was held at the Parade Hotel, East Melbourne hosted by owner and Melbourne Cricket Club member James (Jerry) Bryant. The publican was a friend of Tom Wills with a personal interest in introducing football to Melbourne's schools. Bryant had played a role in organising early football matches at the nearby Richmond Park and his son was one of the first players. The rules were signed by Tom Wills, William Hammersley, J. Sewell, J. B. Thompson, Alex Bruce, T. Butterworth and Thomas H. Smith. Importantly, the rules were widely publicised and distributed.
A hand-written copy of these first rules still exists.
Various theories.
English school football.
Geoffrey Blainey, Leonie Sandercock, Ian Turner and Sean Fagan have all written in support for the theory that the primary influence was rugby football and other games emanating from English public schools.
The first rules of Australian football were published in the annual "Victorian Cricketer's Guide" alongside rules used in English public schools for the purpose of comparison. In the 1860 edition, J. B. Thompson announced:
Writing to Wills in 1871, Thompson recalled that "the Rugby, Eton, Harrow, and Winchester rules at that time (I think in 1859) came under our consideration, ... we all but unanimously agreed that regulations which suited schoolboys ... would not be patiently tolerated by grown men." The hardness of the playing fields around Melbourne also influenced their thinking. Even Wills, who favoured many rules of Rugby School football, saw the need for compromise. He wrote to his brother Horace: "Rugby was not a game for us, we wanted a winter pastime but men could be harmed if thrown on the ground so we thought differently."
There are pronounced similarities to the Sheffield rules (which were being formed at a similar time). The most noticeable similarity was the absence of an "offside" rule and the prevalence of the fair catch (or mark). One theory claims that may have been due to the influence of Henry Creswick (possibly a relative of Nathaniel Creswick) who was born in Sheffield but emigrated to Australia with his brother in 1840 (the town of Creswick is named after them). He moved to Melbourne in 1854 and became involved in the local cricket scene. He played first class cricket for Victoria during the 57/58 season alongside 3 of the founders of Melbourne Football Club including Tom Wills.
Indigenous link theories.
Some historians, including Martin Flanagan, Jim Poulter and Col Hutchison postulate that Tom Wills, who was the son of a politician and a squatter and was educated at Rugby School in England in the 1850s could have been inspired by indigenous Australian pastimes involving possum skin "ball" games (sometimes collectively labeled "Marn Grook").
Anecdotal evidence of such pastimes appears in the 1878 book, "The Aborigines of Victoria", in which Robert Brough-Smyth relates that William Thomas, a Protector of Aborigines in Victoria, had witnessed Wurundjeri Aborigines east of Melbourne playing a "foot ball" game in 1841. The account appears to fit the general description of the traditional game of Marn Grook. This appears to be the earliest record of Europeans observing such pastimes. William Blandowski's 1857 sketch of indigenous Australians in Merbein clearly depicts children playing a form of "foot ball". Further research has established that this may have been a separate game (possibly Woggabaliri). Written record of such traditional pastimes is otherwise scant and as there is no known record of these pastimes in traditional Indigenous Australian art it is not possible to trace its history further.
The Marn Grook connection is argued as follows. Wills arrived in Victoria's western district in 1842. As the only white child in the district, it is said that he was fluent in the local dialect and frequently played with local Aboriginal children on his father's property, "Lexington", in outside of the town of Moyston. This story has been passed down through the generations of his family. The tribe was one that is believed to have played marngrook. However the relationship of the Wills family with local Djabwurrung people is well documented.
Jim Poulter has argued that there was a direct link between the Australian rules football and sports played by some members of the indigenous Australian population. Poulter argues that Tom Wills had knowledge of Aboriginal oral traditions and language. However, when the rules of Australian rules football were codified, the status of Aboriginal culture in Australia was such that Wills may have been disadvantaged had he mentioned any connection, and as such "had no reason to mention this in discussions".
Col Hutchison, former historian for the AFL wrote in support of the theory postulated by Flanagan, and his account appears on an official AFL memorial to Tom Wills in Moyston erected in 1998.
Gillian Hibbins in the AFL's official account of the game's history published in 2008 for the game's 150th celebrations sternly rejects the theory:
Hibbin's account was widely publicised and caused significant controversy and deeply offended prominent indigenous Australians who openly criticised the publication.
Irish football theories.
The question of whether Australian rules football and Gaelic football have shared origins arises because it is clear even to casual observers that the two games are similar.
Both Irish and Irish Australian historians, including Patrick O'Farrell, Marcus De Búrca, Chris McConville, B. W. O'Dwyer and Richard Davis have supported the theory that Australian rules football and Gaelic Football have some common origins. Though Australian historians, including Geoffrey Blainey, Leonie Sandercock and Ian Turner have specifically rejected any such connection.
Arguments follow that:
In 1843, Irish settlers celebrating Saint Patrick's Day in South Australia played some kind of football. Football, cricket and shinty were also commonly played in the early settlements of Hobart and Richmond in southern Tasmania during the 1840s and 1850s as well as part of St Patricks Day celebrations. In South Melbourne, football was also played on St Patricks Day. Since none of the modern football games had been codified at the time, these matches were a traditional gaelic form of football such as "caid". Patrick O'Farrell has pointed out that another Irish sport with ancient origins, hurling — which has similar rules to Gaelic football — was played in Australia as early as the 1840s, and may also have been an influence on the Australian game.
B. W. O'Dwyer suggested that there is circumstantial evidence that traditional Irish games influenced the founders of Australian rules. O'Dwyer argued that both Gaelic football and Australian rules are distinct from other codes in elements such as the lack of limitations on the direction of ball movement — the absence of an offside rule. According to O'Dwyer:
These are all elements of Irish football. There were several variations of Irish football in existence, normally without the benefit of rulebooks, but the central tradition in Ireland was in the direction of the relatively new game rugby...adapted and shaped within the perimeters of the ancient Irish game of hurling... rules later became embedded in Gaelic football. Their presence in Victorian football may be accounted for in terms of a formative influence being exerted by men familiar with and no doubt playing the Irish game. It is not that they were introduced into the game from that motive emulating Irish games; it was rather a case of particular needs being met...
Geelong's game.
Atkinson considers it likely that Geelong's rules were drawn up prior to the first rules of the Melbourne Football Club which were drafted on 17 May 1859.
In support of his theory are his "records" of the first recorded champion of formalised football in Victoria was Corio Bay (later Geelong) in 1856 and he also claims that an interclub match occurred between Melbourne Cricketers and Geelong in 1858 under compromise rules.
The rules allegedly used used by the Geelong Football Club in 1859 were originally written down by hand, however there is no record of them from earlier than 1866 when they were incorporated by way of compromise into the official Victorian Rules by H C A Harrison and committee:
1. Distance between goals and the goal posts to be decided by captains.2. Teams of 25 in grand matches, but up to 30 against odds.3. Matches to be played in 2 halves of 50 minutes. At the end of first 50 teams may leave ground for 20 minutes for refreshments but must be ready to resume on time otherwise rival captain can call game off or (if his side has scored) claim it as a win.4. Game played with 200-yard [182.9-metre space, same to be measured equally on each side of a line drawn through the centre of the two goals, and two posts to be called "kick off" posts shall be erected at a distance of 20 yards metres on each side of the goal posts at both ends and in a straight line between them.5. When kicked behind goal, ball may be brought 20 yards in front of any portion of the space between the kick off and kicked as nearly as possibly [sic.] in line with opposite goal.6. Ball must be bounced every 10 or 20 yards if carried.7. Tripping, holding, hacking prohibited. Pushing with hands or body is allowed when any player is in rapid motion or in possession of ball, except in the case of a mark.8. Mark is when a player catches the ball before it hits the ground and has been clearly kicked by another player.9. Handball only allowed if ball held clearly in one hand and punched or hit out with other. If caught, no mark. Throwing prohibited.10. Before game captains toss for ends.11. In case of infringements, captain may claim free from where breach occurred. Except where umpires appointed, opposing captain to adjudicate.12. In all grand matches two umpires – one from each side – will take up position as near as possible between the goal posts and centre. When breach is made appeal to go to nearest umpire.
The Founder of the Game.
In the 21st century the role played by Tom Wills in the establishment of the game is generally recognised as pivotal. However, in the latter part of the 19th century and much of the 20th, H.C.A. Harrison was accepted as "the father of Australian rules football". He was to become a vice-president of the Victorian Football Association and later the inaugural chairman of the Victorian Football League and was actively associated with the Melbourne Football Club until the late 1920s.
Journalist Martin Flanagan postulates that the game's administrators engaged in historical revisionism of the story of Tom Wills involvement in the origins of football because he was a drunkard and because he committed suicide. In its official account of the game's history for its 150th celebrations, however the AFL downgraded Wills and H. C. A. Harrison as the fathers of Australian football, and does not recognise any connection to traditional indigenous games. This stance was not without controversy.

</doc>
<doc id="19045131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045131" title="National Archives of Armenia">
National Archives of Armenia

The National Archives of Armenia are the national archives of Armenia. They date back from 1923. They are located in Yerevan, with regional branches in other cities. 

</doc>
<doc id="19045135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045135" title="South Korea at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
South Korea at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

South Korea competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. The country's delegation consisted of 79 competitors and 54 officials. The team's stated goal was to take at least 14th place in the medal table with 13 gold, six silver and seven bronze medals. Among the competitors were world record holders Park Jong-chul in powerlifting, Min Byeong-eon in swimming and Hong Suk-man in track and field athletics. The team's athletics (track and field) director was Yu Hee-sang. Other members of the team included wheelchair racers Hong Duk-ho and Yoo Byung-hoon. The group left for Beijing on September 1, five days before the start of the games.

</doc>
<doc id="19045145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045145" title="Archives of the Republic of Slovenia">
Archives of the Republic of Slovenia

The Archives of the Republic of Slovenia (ARS) () are the national archives of Slovenia. They were created in 1945, but have their origins in 1773. They are supervised by the Slovenian Ministry of Culture. They are located in the Gruber Palace in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia. Since March 2012, the archive's executive director has been Jože Dežman, who replaced Dragan Matić.
2011 conflict.
In January 2011, Slovenian media reported that the Commission for Supervision of the Intelligence and Security Services (Supervisory Commission) would file a criminal complaint against Dragan Matić and the director of the Slovenian Intelligence and Security Service (SOVA) Sebastjan Selan for having denied the author Igor Omerza access to the archives of the former National Security Service. According to the president of the commission Zvonko Černač, the same archives had already been accessed in the past by a junior researcher. He believes that the opening of the archives would disclose sensitive information about people holding leading positions in Slovenia. He also stated that these archives taken to SOVA in October 2010 and returned to the Archives in November 2010.
On 25 January, Prime Minister Borut Pahor explained that Selan's actions were not due to some vested interest—for example, to protect someone—but because of a great danger that a problem threatening national security could emerge. He also stated that the withheld material concerned the activities of people that had been active outside the country. The Government of Slovenia decided in January 2011 to send a new bill sanctioning the withholding of some of the archives to the National Assembly through a fast-track procedure.
On 29 January, the opposition leader Janez Janša wrote a public letter to Borut Pahor, demanding that the prime minister call a meeting of the heads of all parliamentary parties and deputy groups of Slovenia regarding the closure of the archives. He stated that the incident was the first time in the history of Slovenia since the proclamation of independence in 1991 that a state institution had publicly announced it would not respect the law and had illegally curtailed citizen rights. According to Janša, this is also the first case since 1991 in which SOVA prevented the Supervisory Commission from inspecting it.
On 4 February 2011, the National Assembly passed a new act on the archives limiting the openness of the Archives, but it was rejected alongside economic reforms in a referendum on 5 June 2011 with over 70% of votes.
2012 leadership replacement.
Dragan Matić served as the executive director from March 2010 until the newly elected Janša government replaced him in March 2012 with Jože Dežman. Matić characterised the replacement as politically motivated and pointed out that Dežman is not an archivist. Matić was the director of the Archives already in 2004 and 2005, but was then replaced by Janša's government with Matevž Košir, who then led the Archives until 2009, when Matić became the acting director. The government explained in March 2012 that Matić was replaced because he actively participated in the campaign before the June 2011 referendum, which was seen as inappropriate for an expert position. The Slovenian Democratic Party, led by Janša, characterised the appointment of Matić as the director of the archives as political in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19045151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045151" title="Integrated DNA Technologies">
Integrated DNA Technologies

Integrated DNA Technologies, Inc. (IDT), headquartered in Coralville, Iowa, is the largest supplier of custom nucleic acids in the U.S., serving the areas of academic research, biotechnology, clinical diagnostics, and pharmaceutical development. IDT's primary business is the manufacturing of custom DNA and RNA oligonucleotides (oligos) for research applications. 
Joseph Walder, M.D., Ph.D. (Northwestern University), founded Integrated DNA Technologies, Inc. in 1987 through a partnership with Baxter Healthcare Corporation at the University of Iowa Technology Innovation Center business incubator. In its first 10 years, the company grew from a start-up with 10 synthesizing machines to one with more than 500, shipping an average 36,000 custom oligos per day to its over 77,000 customers worldwide, enabling them to test for genetic diseases, discover new drugs, and develop new treatment models tailored to the specific needs of individual patients.
Mission.
IDT's primary mission is to improve nucleic acid synthesis technology and develop new applications for the use of DNA and RNA-based compounds. IDT's advanced synthesis group combines expertise in chemistry, molecular biology and engineering to produce and purify complex nucleic acids of all kinds.
SciTools [http://www.idtdna.com/Scitools/Scitools.aspx].
Synthetic oligonucleotides are widely employed in various molecular biology applications, e.g. polymerase chain reaction (PCR), molecular beacons, microarrays, mutagenesis, RNAi, antisense and "de novo" gene construction. Published bioinformatics algorithms can predict biophysical properties of oligonucleotides from their sequence and estimate performance of oligonucleotides in specific assays both singly and together with other sequences. IDT's "SciTools" is a free online suite of computational software tools that enable molecular biologists to design, evaluate and make informed decisions about the properties of nucleic acid sequences. Instructions and help to each software tool can be found at the top of web input forms. The code is regularly updated when more accurate models and algorithms are published.
Associations.
IDT is a member of the Technology Association of Iowa.
Certifications.
IDT earned its ISO 9001:2000 certification at its oligonucleotide production headquarters in 2005.
IDT earned its ISO 13485:2003 certification for its Quality Management System in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19045157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045157" title="Uncial 075">
Uncial 075

Uncial 075 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Οπ3 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 10th century. Formerly it was designated by ג. 
It was also classified as minuscule codex 382p.
Description.
The codex contains the Pauline epistles, on 333 parchment leaves, with lacunae (Romans; 1 Corinthians 1:1-15:28; Hebrews 11:38-13:25). The text is written in one column per page, 31 lines per page, in semi-uncial letters. The biblical text is surrounded by a commentary (catena). Size 27 cm by 19 cm.
The leaves 61-65, 366-369 were supplied by a later hand (in minuscule) in the 13th century.
The Greek text of this codex is mostly Byzantine with some Alexandrian readings. Aland placed it in Category III.
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 10th century.
The manuscript was written by monk Sabbas. Formerly it was held in Kosinitza. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1886. The manuscript was classified by Gregory as minuscule 382. In 1908 Gregory gave siglum 075 to it.
It is currently housed at the National Library of Greece (Gr. 100, fol. 46-378), in Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="19045168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045168" title="Gina Bianchini">
Gina Bianchini

Gina Bianchini was CEO of Ning, which she co-founded with Marc Andreessen. Since leaving Ning in March 2010, she has been an executive in residence at the Andreesen Horowitz venture firm.
In September 2011, Bianchini became head of a privately funded Palo Alto start-up MightyBell. Prior to Ning, Bianchini was co-founder and president of Harmonic Communications which was acquired by Dentsu. She has also held positions at CKS Group and Goldman Sachs & Co. 

</doc>
<doc id="19045175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045175" title="Saša Viciknez">
Saša Viciknez

Aleksandar "Saša" Viciknez (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар – Саша Вицикнез; born May 30, 1974) is a retired Serbian footballer who played predominantly as a left wing.
Viciknez was part of the famed FK Obilić squad that won the 1997-98 Yugoslav Championship. While playing in China, he played under the name of Sasa Racha.

</doc>
<doc id="19045186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045186" title="Nowa Wieś Głubczycka">
Nowa Wieś Głubczycka

Nowa Wieś Głubczycka is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. 

</doc>
<doc id="19045203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045203" title="Uncial 076">
Uncial 076

Uncial 076 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α1008 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 5th or 6th-century. Formerly it was labeled by יa.
Description.
Survived only one parchment leaf (17 cm by 15 cm). The codex is written in two columns per page, 23 lines per page, 9-10 letters per line. I contains a part of the Acts of the Apostles (2:11-22) with some missing words or letters. It used breathings and accents. The nomina sacra are abbreviated. The Old Testament quotations are marked by inverted comma (>).
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type with some alien readings. Aland placed it in Category II. 
The most interesting readings occurs in 2:13 where fragment supports Codex Bezae against all other manuscripts.
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th or 6th century.
The manuscript once belonged to Lord Amherst in Norfolk. In 1908/1909 Lord Amherst sold his library.
The codex is located now in the Pierpont Morgan Library (Pap. G. 8) at New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="19045236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045236" title="Rose Museum">
Rose Museum

The Rose Museum, located on the second floor of Manhattan's Carnegie Hall at 154 West 57th Street, is a small museum dedicated to the history of Carnegie Hall. The museum, which opened in 1991, was funded by the Susan and Elihu Rose Foundation and includes more than 2,500 feet of archives and more than a century of concert programs. The plan when the museum opened was to supplement its permanent collection with a series of rotating exhibits. The museum also focuses on the Hall's uncertain future following the growth of Lincoln Center and the sale of Carnegie Hall in the late 1950s leading to the campaign preservation spearheaded by Isaac Stern and New York City's purchase of the Hall in 1960 for a sum of $5 million as well as its being declared a National Historic Landmark in 1962.
Past exhibits have included: Tchaikovsky, in honor of his trip to New York City for the opening of Carnegie Hall; Marian Anderson, the first African American to sing at the Metropolitan Opera; George and Ira Gershwin, in honor of the centennial of George's birth; and one on Leonard Bernstein, among others. The museum's collection also includes a number of items of interest to music lovers: a program from the Vienna Philharmonic's debut concert on March 28, 1842, a ring owned by Beethoven, a pair of Johannes Brahms's eyeglasses, one of Richard Strauss notebooks, which contained sketches of "Danube", an unfinished poem as well as one of Benny Goodman's clarinets and one of Toscanini's batons. It also includes a sequinned jacket owned and worn by Judy Garland and the trowel used in laying the cornerstone of Carnegie Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19045237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045237" title="Cytoneme">
Cytoneme

Cytonemes are thin, cellular projections that are specialized for exchange of signaling proteins between cells. Cytonemes emanate from cells that make signaling proteins, extending directly to cells that receive signaling proteins. Cytonemes also extend directly from cells that receive signaling proteins to cells that make them
A cytoneme is a type of filopodium - a thin, tubular extension of a cell’s plasma membrane that has a core composed of tightly bundled, parallel actin filaments. Filopodia can extend more than 100 μm and have been measured as thin as 0.1 μm and as thick as 0.5 μm. Cytonemes with a diameter of approximately 0.2 μm and as long as 80 μm have been observed in the Drosophila wing imaginal disc
Many cell types have filopodia. The functions of filopodia have been attributed to pathfinding of neurons, early stages of synapse formation, antigen presentation by dendritic cells of the immune system, force generation by macrophages and virus transmission. They have been associated with wound closure, dorsal closure of Drosophila embryos, chemotaxis in Dictyostelium, Delta-Notch signaling, vasculogenesis, cell adhesion, cell migration, and cancer metastasis. Filopodia have been given various names: microspikes, pseudopods, thin filopodia, thick filopodia, gliopodia, myopodia, invadopodia, podosomes, telopodes, tunneling nanotubes and dendrites. The term cytoneme was coined to denote the presence of cytoplasm in their interior (cyto-) and their finger-like appearance (-neme), and to distinguish their role as signaling, rather than structural or force-generating, organelles.
Filopodia with behaviors suggestive of roles in sensing patterning information were first observed in sea urchin embryos, and subsequent characterizations support the idea that they convey patterning signals between cells. The discovery of cytonemes in Drosophila imaginal discs correlated for the first time the presence and behavior of filopodia with a known morphogen signaling protein - Decapentaplegic. Decapentaplegic is expressed in the wing disc by cells that function as a developmental organizer, and cytonemes that are responsive to Decapentaplegic orient toward this developmental organizer. Receptors for signaling proteins are present in motile vesicles in cytonemes, and receptors for different signaling proteins segregate specifically to different types of cytonemes. In Drosophila, cytonemes have been found in wing and eye imaginal discs, lymph glands and ovaries. They have also been described in spider embryos, earwig ovaries, Rhodnius,Calpodes, earthworms, retroviral-infected cells, mast cells, B-lymphocytes and neutrophils.

</doc>
<doc id="19045249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045249" title="Akeel Bilgrami">
Akeel Bilgrami

Akeel Bilgrami is an Indian-born philosopher of language and of mind, and the author of "Belief and Meaning", "Self-Knowledge and Resentment", and "Politics and the Moral Psychology of Identity" (forthcoming), as well as various articles in Philosophy of Mind as well as in Political and Moral Psychology. Some of his articles in these latter subjects speak to issues of current politics in their relation to broader social and cultural issues. He has also increasingly joined debates in the pages of larger-circulation periodicals such as "The New York Review of Books" and "The Nation". He has two upcoming books, "What is a Muslim?" and "Gandhi the Philosopher". Bilgrami is currently the Johnsonian Professor of Philosophy and Director of the Heyman Center for the Humanities at Columbia University in New York.
Bilgrami received a degree in English Literature from Bombay University before switching to philosophy. He attended Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar, leaving with a Bachelor's degree in Philosophy, Politics, and Economics. He earned his Ph.D from the University of Chicago with a dissertation titled "Belief and Meaning", focusing on Michael Dummett's critique of realist accounts of meaning and on the indeterminacy of translation, in which he argues in support of Donald Davidson's thesis that meaning is a form of invariance between underdetermined theories of meaning. (He was supervised by Davidson while at Chicago.) He has been in the Department of Philosophy at Columbia University since 1985 after spending two years as an Assistant Professor at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
Bilgrami is a secularist and an atheist who advocates an understanding of the community-oriented dimension of religion. For Bilgrami spiritual yearnings are not only understandable but also supremely human. He has argued in many essays that in our modern world, "religion is not primarily a matter of belief and doctrine but about the sense of community and shared values it provides in contexts where other forms of solidarity—such as a strong labor movement—are missing."

</doc>
<doc id="19045261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045261" title="Argentina national futsal team">
Argentina national futsal team

The Argentina national Futsal team represents Argentina during international futsal competitions. It is governed by the Asociación del Fútbol Argentino.
The Argentina national Futsal team has qualified and participated in all seven FIFA Futsal World Championship Tournaments and its best participation was in 2004 when it was a Semifinalist and 
Fourth place.Argentina has also won twice the Copa América.Argentina is ranked 6th in the FIFA World Rankings. 
Squad.
Head coach: Fernando Larrañaga

</doc>
<doc id="19045263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045263" title="Alexis Zegerman">
Alexis Zegerman

Alexis Zegerman is a British actress and writer.
Early life and training.
Zegerman grew up in London
Acting career.
Film and TV.
Zegerman is probably most famous as Zoe, Poppy's best friend and roommate, in Oscar-nominated Mike Leigh's comedy-drama film "Happy-Go-Lucky", for which she won a British Independent Film Award for Best Supporting Actress and a London Film Critics award nomination. This was her second collaboration with Leigh. She played the part of Daliah Sofer in "Storm" which premiered at the 59th Berlin International Film Festival in 2009, and Gemma in ITV drama "U Be Dead". She also appeared in the films "Albatross" and "The Wedding Video".
Theatre.
In 2005 Zegerman appeared in the original cast of Mike Leigh's play "Two Thousand Years", at the Royal National Theatre in London. In 2009, she also appeared in "Seven Jewish Children", a play by Caryl Churchill at the Royal Court Theatre. She played Cissie in the revival of Arnold Wesker's "Chicken Soup with Barley" from June 2011 at the Royal Court Theatre. She most recently appeared in "Travelling Light" at the Royal National Theatre, directed by artistic director Nicholas Hytner.
Writing career.
Plays.
Zegerman began writing on the Royal Court Young Writers’ Programme. She has written plays for BBC Radio 4 including "Ronnie Gecko", "Are You Sure?", "The Singing Butler", "Jump", and the comedy series "School Runs". She also wrote the play "Déjà Vu", a co-production between the BBC and ARTE in France, which was simultaneously broadcast in both countries in February 2009. 
Zegerman became Pearson Writer-in-Residence at Hampstead Theatre in 2007, where her play "Lucky Seven" premiered in November 2008. It has since received further productions in the UK and abroad. Short plays include "I Ran the World" for the Royal Court, and "Noise" at Soho Theatre (Westminster Prize for New Playwriting 2003). Her play "Killing Brando" opened at the Young Vic as part of Paines Plough’s Wild Lunch in 2004, and was later produced at Òran Mór in Glasgow for their ‘A Play, a Pie and a Pint’ season. She has been named a finalist for the prestigious 2011-2012 Susan Smith Blackburn Prize.
Screenwriting.
Zegerman wrote the screenplay for "The Honeymoon Suite" (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="19045269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045269" title="Uncial 077">
Uncial 077

Uncial 077 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, paleographically assigned to the 5th century. Only one leaf of the codex has survived.
Description.
The text is written in two columns per page, 23 lines per page. The codex contains a part of the Acts of the Apostles (13:18-29). 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type with some alien readings. Aland placed it in Category II. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
The codex is located in Sinai Harris App. 5. 

</doc>
<doc id="19045275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045275" title="Age of Impact">
Age of Impact

Age Of Impact is Explorers Club's first album, released in 1998. The album included guest appearances by Steve Howe, John Petrucci, James LaBrie, and Terry Bozzio.

</doc>
<doc id="19045286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045286" title="Widok, Opole Voivodeship">
Widok, Opole Voivodeship

Widok is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. 

</doc>
<doc id="19045289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045289" title="Darrell Dennis">
Darrell Dennis

Darrell Dennis is a native Canadian comedian, actor, screenwriter and radio personality from the Secwepemc Nation in the interior of British Columbia.
As a writer, Darrell is an award winning playwright whose works have been published by Canada Playwrights Press. His short stories have been published in periodicals across Canada and the U.S.
In 2003, Darrell’s scripts "Moccasin Flats" was an official selection at the Sundance Film Festival. The short film was later transformed into a television series that aired on the Showcase Network and APTN, and which Darrell also wrote for.
His one man show, “Tales of an Urban Indian” was nominated for two Dora Awards (Best Original Play and Best Performance by an actor) and has been produced for multiple tours across Canada and the United States, including a French translation that was performed in Montreal. Darrell also gave a special performance of “Tales” at the legendary Public Theater in New York City and The Autry Theater in Los Angeles. 
His feature film adaptation of “Tales of an Urban Indian” was accepted as one of 13 international screenplays to be work shopped at the prestigious Sundance Screenwriters Lab. In addition, a television pilot based on his one man show “Tales of an Urban Indian” was also produced by APTN and aired in 2009. 
As a comedic writer, Darrell is a frequent contributor to CBC Radio including the election show Spin Off. Darrell co-founded the comedy troupe Tonto’s Nephews and has performed stand-up at gala performances for the Winnipeg Comedy Festival and the Just For Laughs Festival as well as numerous appearances on CBC radio and CBC Television.
In the summers of 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2011 he produced and hosted the CBC Radio One radio documentary series, "ReVision Quest", which explored and challenged the various stereotypes about North American indigenous peoples. Revision Quest is now in its fourth season.
As a performer, Darrell has appeared in various Canadian television series including "Northwood" and "The Rez" and as the host of Bingo and a Movie.
His semi-autobiographical one-man play, "Tales of an Urban Indian", in which he explored themes of growing up as an indigenous First Nations Native American, was performed by him on a city bus driving on the streets of Barrie, Ontario in 2009. He performed the show in New York in March 2009. A second run of performances in Barrie took place in early 2011 in preparation for taking the show on the road to other cities.
Personal life.
Dennis is a member of the Secwepemc (Shuswap) Nation in British Columbia. He is married to actress Katya Gardner.

</doc>
<doc id="19045292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045292" title="Frank Lacy">
Frank Lacy

Ku-umba Frank Lacy (b. 1959, Houston, Texas) is an American jazz trombonist.
His father was a teacher who had played guitar with Illinois Jacquet, Eddie Cleanhead Vinson, and Arnett Cobb; his mother sang gospel music. He played piano from age eight, and played trumpet, euphonium, and tuba before settling on trombone at age 16. 
He earned a bachelor's degree in physics before studying music at the Berklee College of Music, where he played with Branford Marsalis, Greg Osby, and Marvin Smith. Lacy then studied for his Masters degree at Mason Gross School of the Arts, Rutgers University. Following this Lacy worked with Henry Threadgill, Oliver Lake, Julius Hemphill, Dizzy Gillespie, Abdullah Ibrahim, Bobby Watson, David Murray, McCoy Tyner, and Lester Bowie. He also played in the Mingus Big Band and served as musical director for Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Art Blakey
With New York Jazz Collective
With Mauro Ottolini
With Superblue

</doc>
<doc id="19045296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045296" title="1953 Cannes Film Festival">
1953 Cannes Film Festival

The 6th Cannes Film Festival was held between April 15–29, 1953. The Grand Prize of the Festival went to the "The Wages of Fear" by Henri-Georges Clouzot. The festival opened with "Horizons sans fin" by Jean Dréville.
Walt Disney was honored at the festival and received the title of "Legion of Honor". 

</doc>
<doc id="19045307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045307" title="Women's Equality Day">
Women's Equality Day

Women's Equality Day is a day proclaimed each year by the United States President to commemorate the granting of the vote to women throughout the country on an equal basis with men. Women in the United States were granted the right to vote on August 26, 1920, when the 19th Amendment to the United States Constitution was certified as law. The amendment was first introduced many years earlier in 1878. Every president has published a proclamation for Women's Equality Day since 1971 when legislation was first introduced in Congress by Bella Abzug. This resolution was passed designating August 26 of each year as Women's Equality Day.
Full text of resolution.
Joint Resolution of Congress, 1971
Designating August 26 of each year as Women's Equality Day:

</doc>
<doc id="19045308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045308" title="Soslan Andiyev">
Soslan Andiyev

Soslan Petrovich Andiyev () (born April 21, 1952 in Vladikavkaz) is a former Soviet wrestler (Free style) who has won two Olympic gold medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19045320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045320" title="Edgar Abraham">
Edgar Abraham

Captain Edgar Gaston Furtado Abraham CB (1880 – 17 February 1955) was a British civil servant and judge in India.
Abraham was educated at St Paul's School, London and Corpus Christi College, Oxford. He joined the Indian Civil Service in 1904, serving in the Punjab throughout his career. On the outbreak of the First World War in 1914, he returned to Britain to be commissioned into the Royal Garrison Artillery, serving on the Western Front and reaching the rank of Captain. In January 1918, he was seconded to the War Cabinet as an Assistant Secretary and four months later was sent to the Versailles Conference, where he served until 1920. For these services he was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the 1920 New Year Honours.
Returning to India, he served successively as Deputy Commissioner of the Punjab, Home Secretary of the Punjab, and as a Sessions Judge.
A member of the New Commonwealth Society, he was one of those who presented plans for a multinational "world security force" in London in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19045322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045322" title="Radynia">
Radynia

Radynia is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. 

</doc>
<doc id="19045329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045329" title="List of Georgetown University faculty">
List of Georgetown University faculty

This is a list of notable Georgetown University faculty, including both current and past faculty at the Washington, D.C. school. As of 2007, Georgetown University employs approximately and faculty members across its three campuses. Many former politicians choose to teach at Georgetown, including U.S. Agency for International Development administrator Andrew Natsios, National Security Advisor Anthony Lake, U.S. Senator and Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Douglas Feith, and CIA director George Tenet. Politically, Georgetown's faculty members give more support to liberal candidates, and their donation patterns are consistent with those of other American university faculties. All of Georgetown University's presidents have been faculty as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19045330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045330" title="Brianne Davis">
Brianne Davis

Brianne Davis (born April 21, 1982) is an American model, actress, producer and director, known for her roles in "Jarhead" and "Prom Night". She was born and raised on Atlanta, Fulton County, Georgia and in early 2000's moved to Los Angeles. She has guest-starred in "Nip/Tuck", "", "Entourage", "Desperate Housewives", "Brothers & Sisters", "Body of Proof", and "True Blood", and well as appeared in recurring roles on "Hollywood Heights" and "Witches of East End".

</doc>
<doc id="19045333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045333" title="Charles Brigstocke">
Charles Brigstocke

Charles Reginald Brigstocke CB (1876 – 7 April 1951) was a British civil servant.
Brigstocke was born in Carmarthen, Wales, and educated at Llandovery School. He entered the Civil Service in 1894. In 1901 he was called to the bar by the Middle Temple. Between 1903 and 1918 he worked at the Admiralty. In 1918 he transferred to the Air Ministry and was appointed Assistant Secretary in 1919, serving with the air delegation at the Versailles Conference. For these services he was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the 1920 New Year Honours.
From 1921 to 1932 he served as Director of Contracts at the Air Ministry, and from 1932 until his retirement in 1936 he was Principal Assistant Secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="19045337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045337" title="Canadian Association of Physicians for the Environment">
Canadian Association of Physicians for the Environment

The Canadian Association of Physicians for the Environment (CAPE) is a Canadian-based non-profit organization dedicated to environmental issues, especially as they relate to human health. The group was founded in 1994, and is composed of over 4,700 medical doctors and concerned citizens from across Canada. Its main focus is education of physicians and members of the public, sending delegates to scientific conferences, publishing opinion articles, talking to the media, and disseminating educational materials (including a video on the hazards of lawn pesticides). It also makes presentations to parliamentary committees.
Mission.
CAPE's current programme is focused on educating health professional on environmental issues, reducing pesticide use, "greening" hospitals and health clinics, and developing organic agriculture and gardening.
Ongoing projects.
There are ongoing projects regarding:
Accomplishments.
The organisation is responsible for the publication of "The Canadian Guide to Health and the Environment", (University of Alberta Press, 1999), a 322-page handbook that offers an overview of environmental health threats and how citizens can effectively respond to them.
They launched the Canadian Coalition for Green Health Care, a network of groups committed to reducing the environmental impact of the health care sector in 2000.
The group was a founding member of the Canadian Partnership for Children's Health and Environment in 2001, and initiated the "Changing the Environmental Impact of a Quebec CLSC" project in 2002. They provided expert testimony to the City of Toronto during its pesticide bylaw hearings. This contributed to the passing of pesticide restrictions in Toronto in 2003. 
The group played an educational role in the passage of Peterborough's pesticide bylaw in 2005, named "the strongest pesticide bylaw in Canada" by the Canadian Environmental Law Association, and played a role in the education of legislators of the province of Ontario leading to the Ontario Pesticide Law in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19045340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045340" title="Philip E. Tetlock">
Philip E. Tetlock

Philip E. Tetlock is Leonore Annenberg University Professor of Psychology and Management at the University of Pennsylvania. He has also written several non-fiction books on political psychology, including "Counterfactual Thought Experiments in World Politics" (with Aaron Belkin; 1996) and "Expert Political Judgment: How Good Is It? How Can We Know?" Tetlock is also co-leader of the Good Judgment Project, a multi-year study of crowd-sourcing forecasts of world events.
His "Expert Political Judgment: How Good Is It? How Can We Know?" (2005) describes a twenty-year study in which 284 experts in many fields, including government officials, professors, journalists, and other, and with many opinions, from Marxists to free-marketeers, were asked to make 28,000 predictions about the future, finding that they were only slightly more accurate than chance, and worse than basic computer algorithms. As a result of this work, he received the 2008 University of Louisville Grawemeyer Award for Ideas Improving World Order. Tetlock was awarded the Woodrow Wilson Award for best book published on government, politics, or international affairs and Robert E. Lane Award for best book in political psychology, both from American Political Science Association in 2005. Forecasters with the biggest news media profiles were especially bad. The study also compared the records of "foxes" and "hedgehogs" (two personality types identified in "The Hedgehog and the Fox").
Tetlock was born in Canada and studied at the University of British Columbia and Yale University.
Value of statistics.
Tetlock's conclusion is that even crude extrapolations are more reliable than human predictions in every domain his study observed, confirming the claims of other psychological research.
Awards.
In 2000 Tetlock was awarded the NAS Award for Behavior Research Relevant to the Prevention of Nuclear War from the National Academy of Sciences. He was the winner of the 1987 AAAS Prize for Behavioral Science Research.

</doc>
<doc id="19045361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045361" title="Harewood (material)">
Harewood (material)

The term harewood or airwood originally described a type of maple wood with a curled or "fiddleback" figure, used to make the backs of stringed instruments. In 17th-century England it was imported from Germany. The earliest published use of the term is probably that in the 1670 edition of "Sylva":
In the 18th century airwood came to be used by marqueteurs; for most artificial colours they used holly, which takes vegetable dyes very well, but airwood was employed either in its natural off-white state or stained with iron sulphate to produce a range of silver and silver-grey hues. The reason that airwood was preferred to holly for this colour was that it gave a metallic sheen or lustre, while holly dyed by the same process turned a rather dead grey. The use of airwood in this way meant that by the 19th century it was associated specifically with that colour, and at the same time name gradually changed from airwood to harewood.
In a relatively short space of time the action of the chemicals, together with natural oxidization, turns harewood brown, sometimes with a greyish or greenish hue, which is how the wood now appears on old marquetry. The notion that harewood and other coloured woods can be produced by injecting dyes into the roots of trees appears to be an old wives' tale of some antiquity, perhaps propagated by marqueteurs to protect their trade secrets.

</doc>
<doc id="19045366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045366" title="Zawiszyce">
Zawiszyce

Zawiszyce is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. 
Location.
The village is situated 6 km north of Głubczyce.

</doc>
<doc id="19045377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045377" title="Bondari">
Bondari

Bondari () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="19045387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045387" title="Cambridge University Reporter">
Cambridge University Reporter

The Cambridge University Reporter, founded in 1870, is the official journal of record of the University of Cambridge, England.
Overview.
The "Cambridge University Reporter" appears within the University and online every Wednesday during Full Term, carrying notices of all University business. This includes announcements of University events, proposals for changes in regulations, Council and General Board decisions, as well as information on awards, scholarships and appointments (both at Cambridge and other universities).
The weekly numbers are supplemented by special numbers, which contain additional information of use or information to members of the University, but not included in the weekly editions. These special numbers include the Lecture List, published at the start of the Michaelmas term and giving details of all the year's lectures; the Awards issue, which comes out in early November, and gives details of all available awards and grants; and the Class-Lists, published in August, which contains details of the Tripos results for all students at the University.
Publication.
Numbers of the "Reporter" are published at the discretion of the Registrary. Each issue of the "Reporter" bears the line ""Published By Authority"", referring to the fact that in its official part, it contains only University Notices issued by authority, that is to say, by those University bodies which have a right of reporting to the University (these include the Council, the Board of Scrutiny, and any Board or Syndicate constituted by Statute or Ordinance or by Grace of Regent House).
In its unofficial part, the "Reporter" contains Reports of Discussions; notices of "non placet" of Graces; notices not authorized for inclusion in the official part; notices by the Colleges; notices of learned societies; and advertisements.
The printed edition of the "Reporter" is printed in Great Britain by the University Press, Cambridge and published by Cambridge University Press. It is registered at the Post Office as a newspaper. Most of the "Reporter" is now also available on the Internet. However, because of the requirements of the Data Protection Act, some of the content of the online "Reporter" is limited to the "cam.ac.uk" domain, and some copies are made available only in printed form.
Copies of the "Reporter" are made available gratis to Heads and Praelectors of the Colleges. Members of the University who live in Cambridge or any member of the Regent House is entitled to receive copies of the "Reporter" for a term and the following vacation at a reduced price. The excess of the cost of the "Reporter" over the Receipts is charged to the Chest.
In 2005, controversy was caused within the University when an edition of the "Reporter" was recalled in order to be republished with corrections.

</doc>
<doc id="19045391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045391" title="Typhoon Sinlaku (2008)">
Typhoon Sinlaku (2008)

Typhoon Sinlaku (international designation: 0813, JTWC designation: 15W, PAGASA name: Marce) was a typhoon which affected the Philippines, Taiwan, China and Japan. It was recognised as the 13th named storm and the ninth typhoon of the 2008 Pacific typhoon season by the Japan Meteorological Agency.
The name Sinlaku was one of the ten original names submitted to the WMOs Typhoon Committee for use from January 1, 2000 by Micronesia. It was last used in the 2002 Pacific typhoon season to name a tropical storm and is the name of a goddess worshipped on the island of Kosrae in Micronesia. Note that the name is apparently shortened (a seemingly routine practice of making names easier to read to Westerners) from the original "Sin Laku." 
Meteorological history.
On September 7, 2008, a tropical disturbance formed to the northeast of Manila in the Philippines. It was initially forecasted not to intensify into a tropical depression within 24 hours. However it was upgraded to a tropical depression early the next morning with both PAGASA & the JMA designating it as a minor tropical depression with PAGASA naming the depression as Marce. Meanwhile the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the developing depression. Later that day PAGASA upgraded the depression to a tropical storm whilst the JMA started to issue full advisories on the depression. That afternoon the JTWC designated the depression as Tropical Depression 15W. During that evening the depression had intensified into a tropical storm and was named Sinlaku by the JMA. The JTWC also upgraded the depression to a tropical storm that evening.
Early on September 9 the JMA upgraded Sinlaku to a Severe Tropical Storm.
Early on September 14, the JMA downgraded Sinlaku to a severe tropical storm. Meanwhile the JTWC were reporting that Sinlaku was a weak Category 1 typhoon. Later that day PAGASA issued their final advisory on Sinlaku as Sinlaku moved out of its area of responsibility. Late the next day the JTWC downgraded Sinlaku to a Tropical storm and then early on September 16 the JMA then downgraded Sinlaku into a tropical storm whilst Sinlaku moved closer to Japan. On September 17 Sinlaku strengthened into a severe tropical storm whilst the JTWC reported that Sinlaku had regained Typhoon strength, However later that day the JTWC downgraded sinlaku to a Tropical storm again. However early the next day the JTWC reported that Sinlaku had once again regained Typhoon intensity however the JTWC downgraded Sinlaku to a tropical storm. Early on September 20, the JTWC issued its final advisory on Tropical Storm 15W as the storm became extratropical. Later that day the JMA, downgraded Sinlaku to a tropical storm. Early on September 21 the JMA downgraded Sinlaku to an extra tropical low as it moved further away from Japan.
Preparations.
Philippines.
On September 8 PAGASA started to issue Public Storm warnings on Typhoon Marce (Sinlaku). Pagasa immediately hoisted Public Storm warning 1 over parts of Luzon including the Bicol, Isabela, Aurora & Cagayan Regions. Later that day PAGASA hoisted further Signal one's for otber parts of Luzon and raised the Public storm warning from No.1 to No.2 for Cagayan & Isabela Early the next day PAGASA downgraded Signal No.2 to No.1 for Isabella & hoisted Signal No.2 for Babuyan as well as downgrading some of the No.1 signals for other parts of Luzon Later that day PAGASA downgraded the signal from No.2 to No.1 for Cagayan and further downgraded some of the other signals. They then kept these signals in place until late on September 10 when they downgraded the signal for Babuyan Island. Late the next day they downgraded all of the signals except for Batanes Island which remained under Signal No.1, until early the next day when PAGASA removed the signal.
Taiwan.
On September 10 the Central Weather Bureau (CWB) issued warnings for heavy rain in north Taiwan. then on September 11 the CWB decided to issue sea warnings which meant that ships that were sailing within the Bashi Channel had to take extra precautions. Land Warnings were then issued the next morning as Sinlaku moved closer to Taiwan.
Japan.
On September 9 the JMA started to issue Storm warnings for Naha on Okinawa and the seas south of Okinawa. Later that day the JMA upgraded the storm warnings to Typhoon warnings whilst Sinlaku moved further north During the next day the Joint Typhoon Warning Center raised the Tropical Cyclone Condition of Readiness (TCCOR) from TCCOR 4 to TCCOR 3 for Okinawa which meant that wind speeds greater than 50 knots were possible within 48 hours. The JMA kept these issuing the typhoon warnings until September 14 when they downgraded it to a Storm warning The JTWC kept the TCCOR in force until September 15 when they lowered TCCOR 3 to TCCOR 4 which meant that wind speeds greater than 50 knots were possible within 72 hours. the JMA also upgraded their storm warnings to typhoon warnings however these typhoon warnings were downgraded to storm warnings later that day Late on September 17 as Sinlaku moved closer to Japan the JMA added the Moji & Yokohama areas to the warnings Early on September 19 the JMA added Otaru and Kushiro to the storm warnings Later that day the JMA revised their storm warnings by removing the warnings for Kushiro, Moji, Naha & Otaru.
Impact.
Sinlaku brought torrential and almost endless rain over most of Luzon from September 8 to the 11th. It caused floods especially in the province of Zambales, forcing some people to evacuate. At least 12 people were killed and another 10 were reported as missing in Taiwan. Two others were found in a river as officials searched for the missing. They're considered to have been killed by an event related to Sinlaku. A large section of a 2,000 ft bridge collapsed with five people on it after heavy rain caused supports to break. Three other bridges were washed out. Three people were killed after a large landslide over a tunnel caused it to collapse. The storm caused at least $22.2 million in damages to agriculture. About 120,000 residences lost power during the storm. During the storm, 1,000 people were evacuated from low-lying areas which were at risk from flooding.

</doc>
<doc id="19045419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045419" title="Nowe Sady, Opole Voivodeship">
Nowe Sady, Opole Voivodeship

Nowe Sady is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce.

</doc>
<doc id="19045426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045426" title="Majestic Theater (Detroit, Michigan)">
Majestic Theater (Detroit, Michigan)

The Majestic Theatre is a theatre located at 4126-4140 Woodward Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
Today, the theatre is mainly a music venue. It hosts a variety of musical concerts in three separate areas of the building: The Majestic, The Majestic Cafe, and The Magic Stick.
History.
The Majestic Theatrer, designed by C. Howard Crane, opened on April 1, 1915. The theatre originally seated 1,651 people (at the time the largest theatre in the world built for the purpose of showing movies), and the facade was designed in an arcaded Italian style. In 1934, the front 35 feet of the theatre were removed when Woodward Avenue was widened to its present size. The entire facade was redesigned into its current striking Art Deco motif. The theater now boasts the largest enameled metal panel Art Deco facade in the Detroit metropolitan region.
The theatre eventually closed, and the building was used as a church for a time, and later as a photographic studio. It lay vacant for ten years. The present owner purchased the building in 1984.
There is a myth that legendary magician Harry Houdini gave his last performance on stage here, on Halloween night 1926. In fact, Houdini last performed at the Garrick Theatre in Detroit and died a few days later of peritonitis at Detroit's Grace Hospital on October 31, 1926.
Current use.
The Majestic Theatre operates as part of the Majestic Theatre Centre, which includes the nearby Garden Bowl, Majestic Cafe, the Magic Stick, and Sgt. Pepperoni's. The Majestic houses live music acts, a bar, and you can also bowl or play Billiards.

</doc>
<doc id="19045445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045445" title="Israel State Archives">
Israel State Archives

Israel State Archives (ISA, , "Ganzakh HaMedina") is the national archive of Israel, located in Jerusalem. The archive houses some 400 million documents, maps, stamps, audio tapes, video clips, photographs and special publications.
Location.
The headquarters of the archive are located in Jerusalem's Mekor Chaim Street, which contains the administration offices and the reading room, where researchers can study material from the archive they have ordered. The majority of the archived material is stored in separate secure locations around the city.
History.
The archive was established in 1949 to house historical records of government administrations from the Ottoman era to the end of the British Mandate and document the newly established State of Israel.
In 2008, the Israel Museum mounted "Blue and White Pages," a joint exhibit with the Israel State Archives featuring documents relating to the history of the Jewish people from ancient times until the present.
In 2012 the headquarters of the archive were closed until further notice after it was found that the building had been operating without the appropriate permit for the previous 19 years. According to a source quoted by Haaretz, obtaining a permit and reopening of the archive will take a matter of months. Access to the archives for researches will be halted until the building reopens.
Israeli archiving policy.
The archive operates as a branch of the Prime Minister's Office. Israeli government institutions deposit their records at the State Archive 10–15 years after the closure of a file. Israeli declassification policy is based on the Archives law of 1955 The principle of the law is that all material is to be released after thirty years, subject to limitations based on damage to state security, foreign policy or personal privacy. In practice this means that declassification of documents are fixed at different periods based on type of material and date of production. The original Law has been modified and updated a number of times.
Following a 2012 update of the legislation, the office of the Prime minister released as statement explaining that "the new regulations shorten the period after which non-security-related material may be viewed, from 30 to 15 years, while lengthening the confidentiality period of certain defense-related documents to 70 years in cases in which Israel's security conditions require it".
Departments.
Archive departments include the Department of Archives and Documentation, Registration and Indexing Department, Department of Services to the Public and Auxiliary Services, Publication of Documents Department, Records and Management Department, and Supervision of Public and Private Archives Department.
Digitization.
A program of digitization of the archive had by 2008 scanned 1 million documents to be stored in digital format with the aim of making them available online. In 2012, the Archives inaugurated the "Documentation on the Web" initiative which provides online access to items in its collections. Israel’s Chief Archivist, Yaacov Lozowick, described the motivation behind the initiative, explaining that "the mission of the archives is to transfer the documentation of the government to the possession of the governed". He further noted that "since much of the content is both fascinating and relevant to most aspects of society’s life, enabling the citizens to have free and easy access to their documentation—within the obvious constraints—will enrich the public discourse and strengthen Israeli democracy." As part of this process Lockowicks maintains an English language blog highlighting material made available online by the archive.

</doc>
<doc id="19045449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045449" title="Garden Bowl">
Garden Bowl

The Garden Bowl is a bowling alley located at 4104-4120 Woodward Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is the oldest continuously operating bowling alley in the country. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
History.
The Garden Bowl was built in 1913, and is Detroit's oldest continuously operating bowling alley. In 1934, the front 35 feet of the building were removed when Woodward Avenue was widened to its present size. The present appearance of the building is due in large part to changes made in 1966.
Current use.
The father of the current owner purchased the Garden Bowl in 1946. The Garden Bowl operates as part of the Majestic Theater Center, which includes the nearby Majestic Theatre, the Majestic Cafe, the Magic Stick (located upstairs in the same building as the Garden Bowl), and Sgt. Pepperoni's. It continues to operate as a bowling alley.

</doc>
<doc id="19045450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045450" title="National Archives (Czech Republic)">
National Archives (Czech Republic)

The National Archives () of the Czech Republic depends of the Ministry of the Interior. They have documents which dates back to the Early Middle Ages. They are located in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="19045456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045456" title="Víctor Tomás">
Víctor Tomás

Víctor Tomás González (born 15 February 1985 in Barcelona) is a Spanish handball player.
He participated at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing as a member of the Spain national handball team. The team won a bronze medal, defeating Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="19045457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045457" title="Albert Rocas">
Albert Rocas

Albert Rocas Comas (born 16 June 1982 in Palafrugell, Girona) is a Spanish handball player. He currently plays for Danish team KIF Kolding.
He participated at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing as a member of the Spain national handball team. The team won a bronze medal, defeating Croatia. He was included as "Best right wing" in that tournament's All Star Team. At the 2013 World Men's Handball Championship, the national team became world champion for the second time. 

</doc>
<doc id="19045458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045458" title="Cristian Malmagro">
Cristian Malmagro

Cristian Malmagro is a Spanish handball player. 
He participated at the 2008 summer Olympics in Beijing as a member of the Spain national handball team. The team won a bronze medal, defeating Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="19045459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045459" title="Carlos Prieto (handballer)">
Carlos Prieto (handballer)

Carlos Prieto (born 2 February 1980 in Mérida, Spain) is a Spanish handball player.
He participated at the 2008 summer Olympics in Beijing as a member of the Spain national handball team. The team won a bronze medal, defeating Croatia and he scored 7 goals being one of the best players. He is currently playing for the German side HSG Wetzlar.

</doc>
<doc id="19045461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045461" title="Juanín García">
Juanín García

Juan García Lorenzana, known as Juanín García, (born 28 August 1977 in León) is a Spanish handball player. He currently plays for Barcelona, with whom he won the Champions League in 2011 in the finale against Ciudad Real.
He participated at the 2008 summer Olympics in Beijing as a member of the Spain national handball team. The team won a bronze medal, defeating Croatia.
Juanín is actually an exception in heights for a handball player. With his 1m76 he's the smallest player of Barcelona and the Spanish national team. Although he's so small, he has an exceptional high jump for his length and is extremely quick. Nevertheless it is an amusing sight to see him standing next to his Hungarian teammate László Nagy (2m07) while he nearly reaches his shoulders.

</doc>
<doc id="19045462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045462" title="Jon Belaustegui">
Jon Belaustegui

Jon Belaustegui Ruano (born 19 March 1979 in San Sebastián, Guipúzcoa) is a Spanish handball player.
He participated at the 2008 summer Olympics in Beijing as a member of the Spain national handball team. The team won a bronze medal, defeating Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="19045463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045463" title="Demetrio Lozano">
Demetrio Lozano

Demetrio Lozano Jarque (born September 26, 1975 in Alcalá de Henares) is a Spanish handball player.
He participated at the 2008 summer Olympics in Beijing as a member of the Spain national handball team. The team won a bronze medal, defeating Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="19045464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045464" title="Raúl Entrerríos">
Raúl Entrerríos

Raúl Entrerríos is a Spain handball player. 
He participated at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing as a member of the Spain national handball team. The team won a bronze medal, defeating Croatia. 
On 8 June 2010 it was announced that he will leave BM Valladolid and join FC Barcelona Handbol.

</doc>
<doc id="19045465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045465" title="Rubén Garabaya">
Rubén Garabaya

Rubén Garabaya (Avilés, 15 September 1978) is a Spanish handball player. 
He participated at the 2008 summer Olympics in Beijing as a member of the Spain national handball team. The team won a bronze medal, defeating Croatia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19045468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045468" title="Elizabeth Charleston">
Elizabeth Charleston

Elizabeth Charleston was a San Francisco native who painted impressionist flower and landscape paintings. Charleston began painting at the age of 50, while recovering from an automobile accident.
Life and work.
Elizabeth Charleston was born in San Francisco, California in 1910, shortly after the devastating San Francisco Earthquake of 1906. She attended the Katherine Delmar Burke School and lived the life of a wealthy San Franciscan of the time. During her youth, she lived in France, and those memories later were reflected in her works. Her family was closely connected with the San Francisco Bay Area arts community.
At the age of 50, Charleston was in an automobile accident which limited her activities and mobility. She began painting for the first time while recovering.
The San Francisco Chronicle's late art critic Alfred Frankenstein reviewed her showing at the Pomeroy Gallery in 1968, and said Charleston had a "wonderful eye" for flowers -- "totally charming, decorative and delectable." Most of her works were impressionist oil paintings of flowers and the French countryside. Her works are available widely today, and have been shown in numerous museums and galleries in the US, Brussels, and Paris, including Hammer Galleries in NY (at least four one-woman exhibitions at Armand Hammer's famed galleries), Frank H. Boos Gallery in Bloomfield MI, Conacher Galleries in San Francisco, Salon des Femmes Peintres in Paris in 1974, the Salon exhibition at Société des Artistes Français in 1973, the US Embassy in Brussels, and at the Nationale des Beaux Arts Exposition du Tricentenaire in 1973.
Charleston is listed in Clara, the National Museum of Women in the Arts' database of women in the Arts. Charleston is popular with San Francisco Bay Area collectors, including Laura King Pfaff (chairman of Bonhams & Butterfields, the world's third largest auction house).
Charleston died on April 8, 1997 in San Rafael, California, near San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="19045480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045480" title="Manni">
Manni

Manni is a town in the Manni Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. It is the capital of Manni Department and has a population of 7,276.

</doc>
<doc id="19045487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045487" title="Slovak National Archives">
Slovak National Archives

The Slovak National Archives were created in 1928. They are under the authority of the Minister of the Interior. They are located in Bratislava, Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="19045489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045489" title="Balemba">
Balemba

Balemba is a town in the Manni Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,767.
Other.
Balemba may also refer to two placenames in Gabon, or to an ethnic group in Katanga.

</doc>
<doc id="19045495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045495" title="Mokre-Kolonia">
Mokre-Kolonia

Mokre-Kolonia is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. It lies approximately south-west of Głubczyce and south of the regional capital Opole.

</doc>
<doc id="19045498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045498" title="Bantouankpéba">
Bantouankpéba

Bantouankpéba is a village in the Manni Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 945.

</doc>
<doc id="19045501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045501" title="National Archives of Chile">
National Archives of Chile

The National Archives of Chile (in Spanish: "Archivo Nacional de Chile") are located in Santiago. They were created in 1927, but originated in 1887.
Location.
The building housing the National Archives is located at 50 Miraflores Street, downtown Santiago. It, built between 1915 and 1935 in the neoclassical style, is attached to the building housing the Biblioteca Nacional de Chile. The building occupies a blockfront between Avenida Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins and Moneda Street, and faces the Santa Lucía Hill. The building was originally designed to house the Chilean National History Museum, which was moved to its current location in 1982. Since that year the building has served as the home for the National Archives.

</doc>
<doc id="19045508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045508" title="Bangaye, Manni">
Bangaye, Manni

Bangaye is a village in the Manni Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 861.

</doc>
<doc id="19045513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045513" title="Moszna">
Moszna

Moszna may refer to two villages in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19045519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045519" title="Balkot">
Balkot

Balkot may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19045529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045529" title="Kurt Brecht">
Kurt Brecht

Kurt Brecht (born August 24, 1961 in Houston, Texas) is an American vocalist and author, best known for his work as vocalist of crossover thrash band D.R.I. (Dirty Rotten Imbeciles).
He is also in a thrash band called, Pasadena Napalm Division (P.N.D.) 
D.R.I..
Brecht formed D.R.I. in 1982 when he was 21 years old, along with his brother Eric on drums, Spike Cassidy on guitar and Dennis Johnson on bass. After releasing their first album in 1983, D.R.I. experienced its first lineup change, with Eric and Dennis Johnson leaving the band in 1984. Since then, D.R.I. would go through many lineup changes, although Brecht has remained constant as the vocalist alongside guitarist Spike Cassidy who also has been a permanent member. With the release of the highly regarded but commercially unsuccessful 1985 album "Dealing with It!", D.R.I. abandoned the hardcore punk style of the their first album for a crossover thrash style, which would continue on their next four albums, "Crossover" (1987), "4 of a Kind" (1988), their breakthrough "Thrash Zone" (1989), and "Definition" (1992). After weak sales of their last studio album date, "Full Speed Ahead" (1995), D.R.I. had decided they would no longer record any new music, although the band's wiki page states "TBD" for their next album's release date. D.R.I. has continued touring almost constantly for years.
Books.
Brecht has published four books: "Notes From The Nest," "The 30-Day Diarrhea Diet Plan," "See The Loud Feeling," and "Whore Stories."
Other.
Other than working with D.R.I., Brecht did guest vocals on "Silent Spring" by Dave Grohl's side project dubbed Probot.

</doc>
<doc id="19045533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045533" title="Seguidilla (poetry)">
Seguidilla (poetry)

The seguidilla is a verse form of Spanish in origin. It has seven syllable-counted lines (7,5,7,5,5,7,5), and rhymes the second and fourth, and the fifth and seventh lines (x,A,x,A,B,x,B).

</doc>
<doc id="19045567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045567" title="CJNG-FM">
CJNG-FM

CJNG-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts tourist information at 89.7 FM and at 106.9 FM as CKJF-FM in Quebec City, Quebec.
Owned by La Radio touristique de Québec inc., the stations were licenced in 2006. CJNG broadcasts information in English, while CKJF broadcasts in French.
On December 19, 2008, La Radio touristique de Québec applied to amend CKJF's broadcasting licence by changing the FM frequency from 90.3 to 106.9, and to increase the maximum effective radiated power from 16 watts to 100 watts. The application to change frequencies from 90.3 to 106.9 was denied on August 19, 2009. On September 16, 2009, CKJF re-applied to move from 90.3 FM to 106.9 FM by changing transmitter power from 16 to 250 watts and received approval on October 26, 2009.
On November 25, 2011, CJNG-FM applied with the CRTC to increase its power from 20 to 419 watts (100 to 1,000 watts maximum ERP), and raise its antenna height from 140.8 m to 201 m.

</doc>
<doc id="19045573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045573" title="Languages of Catalonia">
Languages of Catalonia

There are three languages with official status in Catalonia (an autonomous community of Spain):
A fourth language, Catalan Sign Language, is also officially recognized.
Many other languages are spoken in Catalonia as a result of recent immigration from all over the world.
Catalan has enjoyed special status since the approval of the Statute of Autonomy of 1979 which declares it to be the language "proper to Catalonia". Also with official status are Spanish and Aranese. Spanish had been the only official language for most periods between the 18th century and 1975.
Social use.
According to official polls (2008), in everyday use, 45.9% of the population usually speaks Spanish to 35.6% who usually employs Catalan, while 12% of the population uses either language habitually.
Over 45% of respondents use Spanish to address their parents (versus 36% who choose Catalan). This is attributed to extensive migration from other areas in Spain during the second half of the 20th century, as a consequence of which many Catalans have one or both parents born outside Catalonia. However, a majority (52.6%) use Catalan with their children (compared to 42.3% for Spanish). This can be attributed to some Spanish-speaking citizens shifting from their native language to Catalan at home.
Outside the family, 48.6% of the population indicate that they address strangers exclusively or preferentially in Catalan, while the proportion of those who use Spanish is 41.7%, and 8.6% claim to use both equally.
Social origin of the language diversity.
The main cause of Spanish and Catalan social bilingualism in modern Catalonia is a large scale immigration process from the rest of Spain which occurred over the 20th century, as Catalonia started a significant industrialization which demanded an increased workforce from elsewhere. Spanish has historically been spoken among a minority of civil servants born in other regions in Spain and among segments of the wealthiest bourgeoisie. Spanish has also been spoken as a second language by most Catalans, as it has been the only official language over long periods since the eighteenth century.
It has been calculated that the total population of Catalonia with no migration would have grown from 2 million people in 1900 to just 2.4 million in 1980, 39% of the real population of 6.1 million for that date, which is over 7.4 million in 2009. As a consequence, there exists a somewhat different identity for those whose native language is Catalan and those whose native language is Spanish, though it's increasingly difficult to draw clear-cut limits between both groups; furthermore, there is a small but growing number of Catalans who consider both languages native languages. According to anthropologist Kathryn Woolard, who has studied these identities, Catalans tend to classify anyone as either "castellà" (that is, having Spanish as their native language) or "català" (that is, having Catalan as their native language).
Statistics.
According to the most recent linguistic census elaborated by the Government of Catalonia corresponding to 2008, 45.92% of citizens over 15 years old declared Spanish as their habitual language of use, versus 35.64% for Catalan, with 11.95% of complete bilinguals; a larger number claims Catalan as "their own language" (37.25% Catalan compared to 46.53% Spanish and 8.81% bilinguals).
Lastly, since the Statute of Autonomy of 1979, Aranese—a Gascon Occitan dialect—has been official and subject to special protection in the Aran Valley. This small area of 7,000 inhabitants was the only place where Occitan (spoken mainly in France and some Italian valleys) received full official status. However, on 9 August 2006, when the new Statute came into force, Aranese became official throughout Catalonia.
Spanish.
According to the government of Catalonia, Spanish, locally known as Castilian, is currently the most spoken language in Catalonia (45.9% daily users of Spanish vs. 35.6% daily users of Catalan vs. 11% daily users of both Spanish and Catalan) and especially in the Barcelona metropolitan area, as well as native language and usual language of many Catalan citizens. This language is widely prevalent in the press, cinema and in daily life.
Spanish is the language that Catalan citizens can read and write the most, due to the fact that until the 1980s it was the only language used in school and in all official communications.
<br clear=all>
The Spanish language developed from Vulgar Latin in the North of the Iberian Peninsula, expanding quickly to the South. It has lexical influences from Arabic and possible substrate influences from Basque and (to a lesser extent) Celtiberian. It has been the only official language in Spain for most periods since the eighteenth century.
Catalan.
According to the official government of Catalonia, Catalan is the second most spoken language of the region, after Spanish (over 35% of Catalans use exclusively Catalan as their first language, while 11% of Catalans use equally both Catalan and Spanish). It is the most spoken language in many comarques of Catalonia, with the exception of the Barcelona metropolitan area (Barcelonès plus surrounding comarques) and Camp de Tarragona. Catalan is a compulsory subject in schools and enjoys equals rights with Spanish throughout Catalonia.
Since the death of Franco and the approval of a new democratic Constitution in Spain, Catalan has experienced a new revival in its usage, first, due to the liberalisation and devolution of the Catalan linguistic and cultural institutions, and second, to their promotion. However, some political activists claim that Catalan-speaking people continue suffering some types of discrimination, as explained in the European Parliament on January 29, 2014. 
Catalan, a Romance language, is regarded by some Iberian linguists as belonging to the Iberian Romance sub-family (which also includes Spanish, Portuguese, Galician, and Aragonese), while others (especially Occitanists) classify it within the Gallo-Romance sub-family (which includes French, Occitan and Gallo-Italian) languages. It shares attributes with both linguistic groups.
Literacy.
According to the 2001 Linguistic Census, about 5,900,000 people in Catalonia (nearly 95% of the population) understand the Catalan language. The percentage of people aged two and older who can speak, read and write Catalan is as follows:
As a result of the ongoing linguistic policies favouring Catalan, implemented in various degrees by the autonomous government during the last 20 years, knowledge of Catalan has advanced significantly in all these areas, with the ability to write it having experienced the most pronounced increase, from 31.6% of the population in 1986 to 49.8% in 2001.
By age groups, those between 10 and 29 have the highest level of Catalan-language literacy (e.g., 98.2% aged 10–14 understand it, and 85.2% can write it); this is attributed to these individuals having received their education in Catalan.
Geographically, Catalan is understood in northwest Catalonia (High Pyrenees, Aran Valley), at 97.4%, followed by south and western Catalonia, whereas Barcelona's metropolitan area sees the lowest knowledge, at 93.8%. The situation is analogous for written-language skills, with central Catalonia scoring the highest percentages (61.4%), and Barcelona the lowest (46.4%).
Barcelona is one of the main centres of the Spanish publishing industry for both Spanish-language and Catalan-language publishing.
Aranese.
According to the 2001 Aranese Linguistic Census, knowledge of Aranese in the Occitan-speaking territory of Aran is as follows:
Catalan Sign Language.
According to Ethnologue, about 18,000 Deaf Catalonians use Catalan Sign Language (LSC, "Llengua de signes catalana"). Since, like other Deaf sign languages, LSC has no generally used written form, there is no literacy data.
Immigrant languages in Catalonia.
As a part of the intense immigration process which Spain in general and Catalonia in particular have experienced over the last decade, there is a large number of immigrant languages spoken in various cultural communities in Catalonia, of which (Maghrebi) Arabic and Urdu are the more common (if Spanish speaking migrants are not taken into account).
From all four Provinces of Catalonia, the largest number of habitual foreign language speakers are located in Girona.
Political and social issues.
Under the Franco dictatorship Catalan was, until the 1970s, excluded from the state education system and all other official and governmental use, including the prohibition of baptizing children with certain Catalan names. Rural-urban migration originating in other parts of Spain reduced the social use of the language in urban areas. Lately, a similar sociolinguistic phenomenon has occurred with foreign immigration. In an attempt to reverse this, the re-established self-government institutions of Catalonia embarked on a long term language policy to increase the use of Catalan and has, since 1983, enforced laws which attempt to protect, and extend, the use of Catalan. Some groups consider these efforts a way to discourage the use of Spanish, while some other, including the Catalan government and the European Union consider the policies not only respectful, but also an example which "should be disseminated throughout the Union".
Today, Catalan is the language of the Catalan autonomous government and the other public institutions that fall under its jurisdiction. Following Catalan Government rules, businesses are required to display all information (e.g. menus, posters) in Catalan under penalty of legal fines; following Spanish Government rules, there's the same obligation to display this information in Spanish; there is no obligation to display this information in Aranese, although there is no restriction on doing so in these or other languages. The use of fines was introduced in a 1997 linguistic law that aims to increase the use of Catalan. According to the law, both Catalan and Spanish – being official languages – can be used by the citizens without prejudice in all public and private activities even though the Generalitat usually uses only Catalan in its communications and notifications addressed to the general population. The citizens can also receive information from the Generalitat in Spanish if they so request. The various media belonging to Catalan government public broadcasting are monolingual in Catalan. However, except for a few hours in Catalan on La 2 and on some radio station, all the media belonging to the Spanish government are Spanish monolingual in Catalonia, as in the rest of Spain. 
The language policy favouring Catalan consistently implemented by the successive governments ruling the regional government of Catalonia since the 1980s has become increasingly contentious and controversial during the 2000s, especially in public education.
In this context, Catalan was the only language of instruction between 1979 and 2012. Thus, pupils were immersed in Catalan except for three hours per week of Spanish medium instruction. However, the most recent Spanish Education Law and some judicial sentences aim at increasing the time of instruction in Spanish for other subjects, if only one child per aula asks it, even if the other families don't agree, because of complaints that current policies hinder the right to an education in Spanish. 
Some political parties and civic organizations denounce this situation in which a co-official language like Spanish is barred from public education, claiming that this is a severe breach of civic rights and against the spirit of free circulation of people within Spain. In September 2008 a demonstration was held in Barcelona to support full coexistence of both languages without linguistic discrimination of either.
Pro-Catalan language activists claim that some activities cannot be done in Catalan, because almost 500 different rules are forbidding the use of any language except Spanish, or because delegations of the Spanish Government don't accept the use of Catalan-written documents, even if it's a co-official language in Catalonia.

</doc>
<doc id="19045580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045580" title="Zimbabwe at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Zimbabwe at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Zimbabwe competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. The country's delegation consisted of two track and field athletes, Elliot Mujaji and Molene Muza. Mujaji is a two-time Paralympic gold medalist, having won the 100 metre T46 event in 2000 and 2004, while Muza competed in the Paralympic Games for the first time. In the days leading up to the games, the pair trained at the National University of Science and Technology in Bulawayo under coach Remigio Mumbire, however a lack of money threatened to cut the training camp short. The group planned to leave for Beijing on 28 August and arrive two days later.
Mujaji competed in the men's 100 and 200 metre races, and Muza in the women's javelin and shot put.
Athletics.
Mujaji was hit by hamstring problems during the 200 m final. He had to stop and went on to hobble across the finish line.

</doc>
<doc id="19045611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045611" title="Baron Ambrosia">
Baron Ambrosia

Baron Ambrosia is the alter ego of Bronx-based underground filmmaker Justin Fornal. The character is a self-proclaimed "quaffer of culinary consciousness" and travels around New York City, mostly in The Bronx, documenting various ethnic cultures and their indigenous cuisines, represented typically by the small food establishments (including restaurants, food trucks, street vendors, and grocery stores) he visits. Baron Ambrosia has appeared in Fornal's self-produced video podcast "Underbelly NYC" and starred in the public-access television cable TV channel BronxNet's "Bronx Flavor". He is currently the host of the show "The Culinary Adventures of Baron Ambrosia" on the Cooking Channel. In 2012, Fornal won a New York Emmy (best on-camera talent: performer/narrator) for his portrayal of Baron Ambrosia.
Character development.
The Baron Ambrosia character first appeared in 2006 in the video podcast "Underbelly NYC" which was distributed through Liberated Syndication. The show reached a number #1 ranking under iTunes culinary podcasts. Fornal produced, in total, eight episodes of "Underbelly NYC".
In Spring 2008, Baron Ambrosia re-emerged in "Bronx Flavor" on BronxNet, a Public-access television cable TV channel in Bronx, NY.
Both series focus on Baron Ambrosia's wild adventures in food (mostly ethnic cuisines and restaurants that are not covered by mainstream media). "Bronx Flavor" focuses strictly on his adventures in the Bronx. In both shows, Baron Ambrosia involves local business owners, diners, and passers-by in comedic sketches. All "Underbelly NYC" and "Bronx Flavor" episodes are written, directed, and edited by Fornal.
The show's following stems largely from its balance of education and humor. Each episode typically begins with the Baron describing a particular ethnic community and then focuses on its culinary heritage. The Baron will then hunt it down and get into a comical situation stemming from his obsessive personality and knack for over-indulgence.
In May 2011 Baron Ambrosia began filming a special for the Cooking Channel entitled "The Culinary Adventures of Baron Ambrosia." Cooking Channel’s official description of the project appears on their website…
"Culinary adventure-seeker Baron Ambrosia faces banishment from his hometown of the Bronx after being accused of pie theft by Grandmaster Mele Mel. Challenged by an athletic duel, he takes to the streets of Newark, NJ in search of the famed Jersey Devil fajitas, said to bring super-human strength to anyone that consumes them. Along the way, he’s distracted by other food delights Newark has to offer including Trinidadian roti, Italian hot dogs and Portuguese dry soup."
On November 6, 2011 "The Culinary Adventures of Baron Ambrosia" pilot aired on the Cooking Channel.
On June 1, 2012 Episode 001"The Culinary Adventures of Baron Ambrosia" premiered on the Cooking Channel entitled “The Just Desserts of P.T. Barnum”. "After finding a treasure map hidden in a haunted carousel, Baron makes his way through Bridgeport, CT in search of P.T. Barnum’s tasty treasure. With circus ghosts close on his heels, Baron explores the world of Peruvian ceviche, enjoys some Haitian oxtail, and catches a ride on a food truck filled with Jamaican jerk chicken."
Off-screen history.
On July 27, 2008 Baron Ambrosia appeared in The Bronx's Dominican Day Parade in his purple roadster the P-Rex to publicize the show.
In February 2009, "Bronx Flavor" received a New York Emmy Awards nomination.
Baron Ambrosia appeared on the May 27, 2009 episode of Cash Cab, after two strikes Ambrosia won $800 on the "Double or Nothing" bonus question.
The "New York Times" reported on Baron Ambrosia, "Underbelly NYC", and "Bronx Flavor" on July 22, 2009, describing the current show this way: "flashy production numbers aside, at bottom "Bronx Flavor" is an effort to educate and entertain without pretension."
Baron Ambrosia appeared as a featured speaker at the National Association of Broadcasters Sony Software User's Event on April 12, 2010. Also in 2010, Sony used Baron Ambrosia to promote its Vegas Pro suite of video editing software.
The "New York Times" reported on May 5, 2010 that "NYC Life will show the third season of "Bronx Flavor" on Wednesdays at 9 ... this, the Baron will re-emerge with a new show, tentatively titled "Spice Hunter NYC", which will allow him to tour all five boroughs in search of exotic flavors and crazier story lines.""
On Wednesday May 12, 2010, with BronxNet's consent, "Bronx Flavor" Season 3 was rebroadcast on NYC Life (a component of NYC TV). NYC Life reaches all 5 boroughs as well as parts of Connecticut and New Jersey. As part of the campaign, NYC Life put Baron Ambrosia's face (along with other show hosts) on 103 New York City bus shelters. Footage from the show is also included in a preview reel of the network's new programming on small monitors in 13,000 taxicabs.
On May 14, 2010, "New York Times" critic Ariel Kaminer reviewed "Bronx Flavor" saying, "In its own bizarre way, the show’s humor is as unpredictable, and as specific to its time and place, as Monty Python was to Oxbridge of the late 1960s (fewer references to Proust, and more to bikini waxing).""
On November 19, 2010 Baron Ambrosia started a "Stomp Out Domestic Violence" campaign by releasing a Public Service Announcement.
On December 12, 2010 Baron Ambrosia received a proclamation from Bronx Borough President Ruben Diaz Jr. proclaiming him the official culinary ambassador to the Bronx.
On December 30, 2010 BronxNet premiered the first episode of 'Bronx Flavor Season 4' at the Paradise Theater on the Grand Concourse in the Bronx. After the screening Grandmaster Mele Mel performed.
February 17, 2011 Bronx Flavor received its second New York Emmy Nomination.
In March 2011, Baron Ambrosia was funded by Sony Software to travel to Port-au-Prince, Haiti where he filmed the finale for Season 4. While in Haiti Ambrosia visited "Le Cine Institute" in Jacmel and taught students how to edit with Vegas Pro Software. The story was documented in a project entitled "Giving Voices".
On October 14, 2011 was elected to be a member of The Explorers Club.
On November 6, 2011 Baron Ambrosia received a proclamation from Newark Mayor Corey Booker proclaiming him a culinary ambassador to the city of Newark.
On April 1, 2012, Justin Fornal won the New York Emmy for "On-camera talent: Performer/narrator" for his portrayal of Baron Ambrosia.
On June 2, 2012 Mayor Bill Finch of Bridgeport,CT officially proclaimed June 2 "Baron Ambrosia Day".
On June 12, 2012 a 20X80 foot billboard advertising "The Culinary Adventures of Baron Ambrosia" went up on the neon 'Welcome to the Bronx' sign on the Bruckner Expressway where the RFK Bridge enters the Bronx.
Baron Ambrosia is the President of the Bronx Pipe Smoking Society which holds an annual small game dinner in the Bronx. Dishes served have included raccoon, porcupine, bobcat, coyote, skunk & beaver castor schnapps. All the meat is captured in the wilds of the Adirondack Mountains and is prepared by a team of chefs selected by Ambrosia. The events are invite only and are designed to introduce alternative protein sources as well as celebrate native eating traditions. The first dinner was held at the abandoned Bronx County Courthouse January 29, 2011. The 2nd annual dinner was held at the Latvian Society's Daugavas Vanagi House February 11, 2012 
Underbelly NYC episodes.
1. Chimi Chimi Bang Bang Release Date 1/25/2007
Culinary Focus: Chimichurri trucks of Washington Heights parked on Broadway between 175th and 181st Street.
Location New York, New York
2. Cuchifritos of Love Release Date 3/11/2007
Culinary Focus: 188 Cuchifritos Restaurant in the Bronx
Location: Bronx, New York
3. Battle of the Forbidden Fruit Release Date 3/12/2007
Culinary Focus: In this break away episode Baron puts forth the possibility the Durian was the true forbidden fruit in the garden of Eden.
Location: Vandcourtlandt Park Bronx, New York
4. Secrets of the Liberian Funk Release Date 3/14/2007
Culinary Focus: The homemade Liberian foods of Eliza Smith (i.e. palm butter, fried pepper sauce, sweet potato greens, turborgee)
Location: Jamaica, New York
5. Ca Cuong City Release Date 4/19/2007
Culinary Focus: The thoracic exudate of the lethocerus indicus (giant water bug)
Location: Vietnam (various),Bronx, New York
6. Fruit Van Fantasia Release Date 4/26/2007
Culinary Focus: The mamey milk shakes and mavi sold at the fruit van located at exit 5 off the Bronx River Parkway
7. Viva Pulque Release Date 7/22/2007
Culinary Focus: The sacred fermented juice of the Magey plant known as Pulque.
Location: Mexico (various)
8. A Latke Lunacy Release Date 8/12/2007
Culinary Focus: the potato pancakes sold by Paul Schmuckler from his Briggs Avenue apartment.
Location: Bronx, New York
Bronx Flavor episodes.
Season 1
1. The Purple Coffin Air Date: 03/11/08
An introductory episode in which the Baron arrives in the Bronx after a five year mission to exotic lands and is asked to be a culinary correspondent for Bronxnet Channel 67
2. Legend of the Bullet Proof Foot Air Date: 04/04/08 
Culinary Focus: The Jamacian curried cow's foot from Jamrock Cooking.
Location: Jamrock Cooking
3. Burek Mania Air Date: 04/18/08
Culinary Focus: Albanian and Kosovoan Burek 
Locations: Tony & Tina's Pizza, Dukagjini Burek
4. The Platinum Paan Don Air Date: 05/02/08
Culinary Focus: The Indian aperitif created from the leaf of the betelnut creeper
Location: Dashi Bazaar
5. The Rites of Sandwich Air Date 05/16/08
Culinary Focus: A mammoth sandwich named after Baron Ambrosia
6. Fufu Inferno Air Date 06/02/08
Culinary Focus: West African cuisine in particular soup and fufu
Location: Sankofa Restaurant
7. The Giffiti That Keeps on Giving Air Date 06/13/08
Culinary Focus: Garifuna cuisine and the aphrodisiac known as giffiti
Location: Garifuna Star
8. The Ghosts of Endorsements Past Air Date 06/27/08
Culinary Focus: Thai curries
Location: Siam Square Restaurant
9. A Cheesecake Odyssey Air Date 07/11/08
Culinary Focus: Cheesecake
Location: S & S Cheesecake
Season 2
10. The Agony of Flavor Part 1: Pasteles Pandimonium Air Date 08/25/08
Culinary Focus: The Puerto Rican tamale known as a pastel
Location: Pasteles by Noemi
11. The Agony of Flavor Part 2: Purgatory Pate Air Date 9/05/08
Culinary Focus: the healing Haitian beef patties of Vodou Mambo Rose Carline
Location: Jamaica, Queens
12. Cuchifritos of Love: Platinum Edition Air Date 9/19/08
Culinary Focus: A re-release of the Underbelly episode of the same name with new scenes and extended plot.
Location: 188 Cuchifritos
13. The Legend of Van Cortlandt Park Air Date 9/26/08
Culinary Focus: The carrot cake and other various bake goods of Lloyd’s Carrot Cake.
Location: Lloyd’s Carrot Cake
14.Night at the Bodega Air Date 10/10/08
Culinary Focus: The products that can be found and purchased in various Bronx bodegas
Location: The Vargas Deli
Special Guest: Grandmaster Melle Mel
15. Friend or Phở Air Date 10/24/08
Culinary Focus: Vietnamese cuisine in particular the soup known as Pho.
Location: World of Taste Seafood and Deli
16. Quantum of Chimi Air Date 11/07/08
Culinary Focus: Chimichurri Hamburger
Location: El Rincon De Los Taxistas Chimi Truck
17. The Chitlin' Rapture Air Date 11/21/08
Culinary Focus: Soul Food
Location:Berzet's Soul Food & Fillet of Soul
Seasonal
18. Bronx Flavor Christmas Spectacular Air Date 12/24/08
In this half hour black & white ode to the Christmas films of the 1950s, Baron Ambrosia 
must get together $300,000 before midnight Christmas Eve to save the Bronx Orphanage from a 
greedy developer who wishes to convert it into a coffee shop for yuppies.
Season 3 
19. The Vodka Sauce Vendetta Air Date 3/1/09
Culinary Focus: Italian Food
Location: Ann & Tony's Restaurant
20. The Liberian, The Pepper and the Pestle Air Date 4/5/09
Culinary Focus: Palm Butter
Location: Aunty Nana's & the Water Street Market in Monrovia
Award:Best Comedy/Documentary 2009 New York Independent Film Festival
21. The Corned Beef Confidential Air Date 4/24/09
Culinary Focus: Irish Foods
Location: An Beal Bocht & Prime Cut Meats
22. A Passover Preposterous Air Date 5/31/09/
Culinary Focus: Jewish Foods
Location: Liebman's Delicatessian
23. Roti Express Air Date 7/5/09/
Culinary Focus: Guyanese & Trini Cuisine
Location: Lai's Roti & Coconut Palm
24. Joe Bataan Stole My Girlfriend Air Date 8/2/09
Culinary Focus: Southern Mexican Cuisine
Location: Xochimilco
Special Guest: Joe Bataan
25. A Hunts Point Haunting Air Date 10/6/09
Culinary Focus: BBQ
Location: Mo Gridder's BBQ
26. End Game I: Saving City Island Air Date 1/1/10
Culinary Focus: Seafood
Location: Lobster House & The Black Whale
Special Guest: Chef Michael Valentino Proietti
27. End Game II: The Bling of Fire Air Date 2/7/10
Culinary Focus: Jamaican Cuisine
Location: H.I.M Ital Rasta-rant & Barry's Jerk Delight
Special Guest: Sal Abbatiello
Seasonal
28. Thankschriskwanzaakah Air Date 11/29/09
To deal with the slumping economy the government combines all the winter holidays. Awesome Mart CEO and greedy slickster Belvedere Washburton buys the holiday so he is the only one who can sell the official dish…Laturgogoosamel! After the cursed meat turns all Bronxites into zombie shoppers it is up to the Baron to save all the holidays from certain destruction.
Season 4
29. Culinary Nonesense-ness Air Date 1/4/11
While Baron Ambrosia is in maximum security prison, a national television network hires a hipster look-alike named Brian Andozza to hijack the show. The network renames the show Bronx Flava and attempts to give it an aloof mean-spirited edge. New host Brian gets more than bargains for when he visits Bate African Restaurant on Melrose Avenue and the Bronx Pop Soda Company in Little Italy.
Culinary Focus: Guinean Cuisine 
Location: Bate African Restaurant & Bronx Pop Soda Company
30. Correctional Festivities Air Date 7/25/11
While Baron Ambrosia is locked up in a ‘maximum security prison for incredibly stylish super villains’ he documents the unique recipes that have evolved in prison culture. After breaking into the prison kitchen, Ambrosia and fellow inmates show how to create some notorious favorites. The menu includes jailhouse burritos, pruno, as well as a surprise dish that may hold the secret to Baron Ambrosia’s escape.
Culinary Focus: Prison Recipes
The Culinary Adventures of Baron Ambrosia.
Pilot Episode Air Date: 11/11/11
Accused of pie theft, Baron Ambrosia faces banishment from the Bronx if he can't defeat Grandmaster Mele Mel in a duel... of pull-ups. He takes to the streets of Newark, NJ in search of Jersey Devil fajitas, said to bring super-human strength to anyone that consumes them. Along the way, he's distracted by Trinidadian roti, Italian hot dogs and Portuguese dry soup
Season 1 
1. The Just Desserts of P.T. Barnum Air Date: 06/01/2012 
After finding a treasure map hidden in a haunted carousel, Baron makes his way through Bridgeport, CT in search of P.T. Barnum's tasty treasure. With circus ghosts close on his heels, Baron explores the world of Peruvian ceviche, enjoys some Haitian oxtail, and catches a ride on a food truck filled with Jamaican jerk chicken.
2. Scent of a Baron Air Date: 06/08/2012 
In order to woo the lovely Tsarina, Maiden of the Sea, Baron must gather all of the greatest fragrances that Brighton Beach, Brooklyn has to offer. First stop is Pirosmani, where he captures the seductive scent of Georgian lamb stew. But just when he thinks he's got it made, he finds his nemesis Burgomiester Burger is stealing recipes from all of the best local restaurants. With Uzbek noodle soup and Russian meat pie still on his list of fragrances to gather, Baron must figure out how to defeat Burgomiester, save the restaurants... and still have time to win the girl.
3. Oh, Little Witch of Bethlehem Air Date 06/15/2012 
Something is amiss in Bethlehem, PA. After a long, foodless journey, Baron and his trusty camel find themselves in a town where the people are fearful and the restaurants are closed. A hungry Baron searches out El Salvadorian pupusas, only to learn that an evil witch, Dona Sofrito, has cursed the town. Any restaurant unwilling to satisfy her endless appetite will get turned into Radical Taco, a soulless fast food joint. Baron gathers strength from a Syrian raw meat dish, and in the end, must face Dona in the ultimate showdown, armed only with his wit, stew burgers, and a very powerful cheese.
4. The Stomach Rumble of Baltimore Air Date 06/22/2012 
Ah, to be young and in love! Baron and his best girl, Shanaye, couldn't be happier... until Shanaye's jealous ex-boyfriend, JW, gets out of jail. Baron is oblivious to the threat, engrossed in Ethiopian specialties and Korean soup - but JW is out for blood. JW finally catches up to the lovebirds as they enjoy BBQ Bill's infamous ribs, and it's time to settle the score. BBQ Bill sets up a game of crab roulette, and Baron and JW go head to head in a deadly crab-filled battle for the love of Shanaye. Special guest star John Waters.
5. Croquet Challenge of Compton Air Date 07/06/2012 
It's a beautiful day on the field of the Compton Croquet Club, when Baron and friends are rudely interrupted by greedy land developer Phil Badaxster, who threatens to turn the entire city into a giant parking lot. Baron and Badaxster enter into the ultimate croquet challenge - with Baron fighting to save the community. Badaxster whacks Baron's ball out of the park... but the game's not over yet. Baron follows his ball all over South LA - tasting some fried turkey soul tacos in Compton and Indonesian delicacies in Bellflower, before finding his inner Samoan warrior in Long Beach.
6. East Bay Investigations Air Date 07/13/2012 
While visiting his friend, Private Investigator John Law in Oakland, CA, Baron gets roped into a film noir detective story like no other. A beautiful woman with a mysterious note leads Baron and John on a chase for her missing husband. Of course, Baron is more interested in his investigation of the Filipino delights and killer soul food and pie than he is in finding the kidnapped hubby. Can the crime-solving duo of Baron and Law do manage to get to the bottom of the mystery? It seems to be more twisted than they thought...
7. Werefox of Phoenix Air Date 07/20/2012 
Baron heads to Phoenix, AZ to ask a Native American Chief for his daughter's hand in marriage. He soon finds that the village is being harassed by a hungry "Werefox." Baron goes off in search of a food delicious enough to convince the "Werefox" to leave the village in peace. Swedish "Flying Jacob" and Native American fry bread may do the trick.

</doc>
<doc id="19045614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045614" title="Communal House of the Textile Institute">
Communal House of the Textile Institute

Communal House of the Textile Institute (also known simply as "Nikolaev's House") is a constructivist architecture landmark located in the Donskoy District of Moscow, Russia. The building, designed by Ivan Nikolaev to accommodate 2000 students, was erected in 1929-1931 and functioned as a student dormitory until 1996. As of August 2008, parts of the building are leased as office space, while the main residential block is abandoned and gutted inside; the current owner, Moscow Institute of Steel and Alloys, plans to rehabilitate the dilapidated structure into a modern campus.
Design.
The Communal House of the Moscow Institute of Steel and Alloys became the first solo project for 28 year old Ivan Nikolaev of the OSA Group; the contract awarded to him was a part of a larger project that included three student campuses in (then) remote areas of Moscow. The contract specification defined a modest maximum construction cost and building volume (50 cubic metres) per student. Any communal facilities, from staircases to libraries, counted towards the quota and decreased the actual living space. While all architects addressed these constraints by reducing available living space, Nikolaev's proposal was the most radical of all.
Nikolaev's principal design rule was a strict physical separation of common study space, public services (with cafeteria, showers and storage rooms) and the living space. Thus the building was H-shaped: a public services block connected a 200-metre long, 8-storey dormitory with a 3-story study block. Since all the students' possessions - from textbooks to day clothing - had to be stored in the lockers of the public services block, Nikolaev reduced dormitory rooms to sleeping space only. Initially, a standard sleeping cabin for two had a very small area, 2×2 metres, but 3.2 metres tall. It had no windows and was connected by the door to a long corridor running along the exterior wall. Nikolaev attempted to compensate for the shortage of space with elaborate ventilation system. This proposal seemed too radical even for the Soviet avant-garde, and the cabins were increased to 2,7×2,3 metres with proper windows. 
These windows ran the full length of a 200-metre building - narrow continuous bands of glass without apparent structural support; they were only 90 cmhigh (110 cmafter 1968 reconstruction). The residential block relied on a steel frame structure. Initially Nikolaev designed all load-bearing in steel, but due to metal rationing he eventually replaced internal floor supports with wooden girders. The building had elevators, but they were reserved for cargo deliveries only. Instead, the students had to use three spacious staircases - two in the living block and one in the public services building. The latter had an unusual triangular shape, with smooth ramps instead of stairs, as in contemporaneous work by Le Corbusier. These staircases are sometimes compared to the spiral ramp of the Guggenheim Museum in New York City.
According to Nikolaev, the lives of the students should have been regulated in a nearly military communal fashion. After a common wake-up call all the students proceeded to common physical exercise areas (either a gym in winter or an open area in summer); at this moment the residential block was to be locked until late evening. After exercise, the students took a shower and dressed up in the public service locker rooms; after a breakfast in the canteen they followed their college schedule - either in off-site auditoriums or in the study block facilities. Nikolaev suggested injecting ozone into ventilation ducts at night and even considered sedating students to ensure they all fall asleep in due time (, ""do not rule out the feasibility of sleepening additives""). Except for centralized sedation, this paramilitary order was actually maintained in the first years of operation, but later the regulations were eased up.
Decay and rehabilitation.
In 1941 the Textile Institute faculty was evacuated in deep rear, and its classes dissolved; the vacant campus was used by the military. After World War II the campus was taken over by the Moscow Institute of Steel and Alloys; students that returned in 1945 found the building heavily infested by bedbugs. Although contemporary architects regard the initial construction quality of the building as quite good for its period, by the 1960s it was falling apart. In 1968 it was renovated by Yakov Belopolsky under Nikolaev's supervision. The project took care of real-world student needs but was constrained by the existing structure and costs. For example, common toilet rooms located in the extemities of a 200-meter long building were expanded with shower rooms. However, there were still only two such rooms on each floor, and the students living in the center of the building still had to run a hundred meters there and another hundred back. The living cubicles were marginally enlarged at the expense of corridors and acquired larger windows; the ventilation system was, on the contrary, downgraded to less demanding standards.
In the next three decades the building fell into disrepair again. It lost the canopy over main entrance in 1980s and the wraparound balconies in 2006 were torn down for safety reasons. The living block was shut down in 1996; all wooden ceilings and partitions inside it were eventually torn down, exposing the steel frame inside an empty concrete shell. The campus nominally still belongs to the Institute of Steel, but the space of the former study and public services blocks is leased piecemeal to unrelated organizations. Architectural professionals and the general public were and are well aware of the poor state of the landmark, partly because it is located near the Moscow Architectural Institute dormitory and so became a regular subject of academic studies.
A new rehabilitation plan, supervised by Vladimir Kulish of Moscow Architectural Institute, was approved in 2007 with an estimated cost of 600 million roubles (25 million US dollars). According to this plan, the rooms will be enlarged to at least 11 (single student) or 17 (double) square meters, with individual showers and toilets. The study block will be renovated back to the original plans and functions. As of March 2008, the rehabilitation is being financed through a specially appropriated federal budget fund.

</doc>
<doc id="19045661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045661" title="John Orrok">
John Orrok

John Orrok (c1779 - 1838) was a junior British army officer in the late 18th century and early 19th century. The letters he wrote home to Scotland between 1801 and 1816 from England, India and Belgium have been published and provide a detailed picture of his life and preoccupations and the society in which he moved.
Biography.
Born into Scottish gentry, John Orrok obtained a commission into the British army while in his early or mid-teens and served in India and Ceylon in the 1790s. On returning to Britain he married his cousin, Betsy Reid, in 1800 and in 1803 they left their baby daughter with Betsy's parents and both sailed to India. John joined first the 65th and then the 33rd Regiment which was led at the time by Arthur Wellesley, later the Duke of Wellington. Although John Orrok reached the rank of Captain, he saw very little military action. The couple had three children while in India and after Betsy's death in 1810 John brought them back to England, where he first served as a recruiting officer but then left the army and worked as a bookseller in London. His last known letters came from Brussels in 1816 and less is known of his later life. He moved to Jamaica around 1836 with a second wife, Eliza, and six young children and was employed as the manager of the Jamaica Steam Navigation Company. He and Eliza both died in Jamaica in February 1838.
The letters.
John Orrok's letters show him to have been a devoted family man, and in addition to insights into his military life, there are detailed descriptions of the family's domestic and financial concerns. The published letters include three from John's father William Orrok who was a Lieutenant-Colonel with the East India Company army and led a section of Wellington's army at the battle of Assaye in September 1803; unfortunately he had failed to follow instructions and his forces sustained very heavy losses. In India John and Betsy Orrok were very friendly with their cousin, Mrs Freese, the wife of an EIC artillery officer who is believed to have been the mistress of Wellington while he was in the area.
John's letters were saved by his eldest daughter, Anna, and found in her attic in Banff after her death in 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="19045672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045672" title="Zulia FC">
Zulia FC

Zulia Fútbol Club is a professional football club promoted to Venezuelan league in 2008. The club is based in Maracaibo, Zulia State.

</doc>
<doc id="19045716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045716" title="Pécharmant">
Pécharmant

Pécharmant is a wine appellation (Appellation d'origine contrôlée, AOC) for certain wines produced in the hills to the North-East of the market town of Bergerac, France. With a surface area of 400 hectares the communes of Bergerac, Creysse and Lembras produce nearly 15 000 hectolitres of the red wine. Pécharmant is the best known of the Dordogne region wines and has been classified AOC since 1936. The identification "Pécharmant" dates from 1946 and new AOC since March 13, 1992.
History.
First produced in the eleventh century, Pécharmant is the oldest collective of vineyards in the region of Bergerac. "Pécharmant" comes from the words "Pech" ( "Hill") and "Charmant" (Charming), thus meaning "the charming hill." Pécharmant vineyards are well exposed to the sun and the soil consists sand and gravel from the Périgord, and containing a deep layer of ferruginous clay called "Tran."
Grapes and wine style.
Pécharmant is a blend of four grape varieties, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Malbec. These varieties produce a wine suitable for holding from four to ten years, typically tannic and full-bodied, ruby colored with fruity aromas, that can be served with game, Périgord charcuterie, confits, duck, red meats and strong cheeses. The land used for growing Pécharmant was previously used to grow grapes for producing Rosette, a delicate white wine produced in the Bergerac region.

</doc>
<doc id="19045758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045758" title="Marios Constantinou">
Marios Constantinou

Marios Constantinou (; born on 14 July 1967 in Famagusta, Cyprus) is a former international Cypriot football midfielder and former manager of Olympiakos Nicosia. In the past he was footballer of Pezoporikos and AEK Larnaca under the instructions of the first coach of AEK Larnaca Andreas Mouskallis. He also played for Ethnikos Achna and Omonia Aradippou having just one appearance with Cyprus national football team.
Management career.
Digenis Morphou.
He took the technical leadership of Digenis Morphou on the verge of destruction in 2001, he managed to promote the team to the Cypriot First Division. During the period 2004-05 - which was the last season in the team from Morphou-he raised the team in the fifth place of the league and leading it to the Cup Final of the Cypriot Cup. Of course, this opened the interest of APOEL after the resignation of Werner Lorant as coach, leaving up to the goalkeeper of that team Digenis Savvas Constantinou in the post.
APOEL.
In APOEL he work only 6 months as coach. He led the team to the First Round of UEFA Cup by knocking out Birkirkara F.C. in the first qualifying round and Maccabi Tel Aviv in the second qualifying round. In first round APOEL excluded from Hertha Berlin. With Marios Constantinou as manager APOEL was at second place undefeated and have only four goals against in ten matches. Next stop of his career was AEK Larnaca.
AEK Larnaca.
Having players like Narcis Răducan, Ismail Ba and Azubuike Oliseh led the team in the cup final, as well as Digenis Morphou last season, against APOEL, his previous team. With APOEL winning 3-2 at extra time with the scorer Sása Jovanović in 111' with AEK have complaints to arbitration.
Season 2006-07.
Mustapha Kamal N'Daw, Donny de Groot, Jatto Ceesay and other players acquired by AEK Larnaca enthuse the fans of the team after they sent it to the semi-finals which was knocked out from the Anorthosis 2-1,1-1. Until a few weeks before the end of the league, he decided to use some young players, was in 4th place and fall until 7th.
Season 2007-08.
2nd Day.
Second match and AEK called early to prove that this year it wants and can overcome. The roster of also leaves no room for another addition to being a protagonist for this year. In the team came players such as Edgaras Jankauskas, Nordin Wooter and José Manuel Rey who added quality to the team. In the second match, then faces Omonia in GSP Stadium and while every indication after a very good appearance in the first 80 minutes of the game, then something has changed and AEK returned to the same denominator. While there is in front in the score with 2-1 and just ten minutes before the end of the match left with 9 players. Here to say that this contribution had the eristic arbitration and Mr Kapitanis intact but the responsibility lies with José Manuel Rey has exhausted all limits of patience that reason player who accepts a second yellow card and sent off. Finally, AEK losing the game 3-2.
3rd Day.
Where stopped AEK continued to the next match against AEL in Larnaca which leaves other two valuable points to lose and already beginning to lose ground from the beginning. The equal result with AEL 2-2 intensify the tension that exists in the club. Marios Constantinou away from the limelight of publicity gives the resignation which is not acceptable.
4th Day.
In the fourth game with the Doxa, technical leadership and officially give the resignation, which is irrevocable after the game(result 3-3). A characteristic fact is that every time AEK scored the «other AEK» scored against our group bringing the game to equal. In his statements Marios Constantinou said that leaves bitter from AEK, not so much on the attitude of some players but the attitude of some executives who do not want him in the team. At that time we had no to say something and tried to keep low profile in the interest of the team. Here ends a period led by Marios Constantinou who goes to Enosis Neon Paralimni and leaves behind him that he built from the start of the season.
Enosis Neon Paralimni.
On December 7, 2008, he resigned from Enosis Neon Paralimni taking all responsibility after consecutive bad results.
Aris Limassol.
On May 17, 2009, the administration of Aris Limassol decided that he is going to be the manager of the team for the season 2009-2010.
Alki Larnaca.
On March 14, 2010, the administration of Alki Larnaca announced its agreement, for three years, with the manager Mr. Marios Constantinou. On October 19, 2010, he resigned from the technical leadership of the team, with his letter to the technical director Vesko Mihajlović.
Doxa Katokopias.
On March 21, 2011, the administrative council of Doxa Katokopias decided that Marios Constantinou will undertake as manager of Doxa with the Greek former footballer Georgios Kostis as assistant. In his first five matches as the coach of Doxa in the Second Division he made it very well. Doxa is at top of the league and undefeated. The team in five games counts four wins, 1 draw with the first striking line with twelve goals. He brought to the team young and talented players especially from Portugal, such as Abel Pereira, Tiago Conceição, Nino Osmanagić and Adul Baldé. Doxa having its promotion to the Cypriot First Division secured, finished in the second place of Cypriot Second Division losing the club's first title after defeating by Ayia Napa F.C. on the last matchday. On November 1, 2012 he undertook his responsibilities after the elimination from Anagennisi Dherynia for the Cypriot Cup and resigned from the club. Few hours later Doxa hired Loukas Hadjiloukas in his place whose wished to succeed.
Olympiakos Nicosia.
On February 10, 2013 Olympiakos sacked Renos Demetriades after home defeat from Enosis Neon Paralimni (2-3) and made an official offer to Marios Constantinou in order to replace him. The next day Constantinou accepted the offer from Olympiakos and begun his efforts to help his new team to avoid relegation.Constantinou left Olympiakos after the team's relegation at the end of the season.
Honours.
As footballer.
Pezoporikos
AEK Larnaca
As manager.
AEK Larnaca
Digenis Morphou
Alki Larnaca
Doxa Katokopias

</doc>
<doc id="19045780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045780" title="Prime manifold">
Prime manifold

In topology a mathematical discipline, a prime manifold is an "n"-manifold that cannot be expressed as a non-trivial connected sum of two "n"-manifolds. Non-trivial means that neither of the two is an "n"-sphere.
A similar notion is that of an irreducible "n"-manifold, which is one in which any embedded ("n" − 1)-sphere bounds an embedded "n"-ball. Implicit in this definition is the use of a suitable category, such as the category of differentiable manifolds or the category of piecewise-linear manifolds.
The notions of irreducibility in algebra and manifold theory are related. An irreducible manifold is prime, although the converse does not hold. From an algebraist's perspective, prime manifolds should be called "irreducible"; however the topologist (in particular the 3-manifold topologist) finds the definition above more useful. The only compact, connected 3-manifolds that are prime but not irreducible are the trivial 2-sphere bundle over the circle S1 and the twisted 2-sphere bundle over S1.
According to a theorem of Hellmuth Kneser and John Milnor, every compact, orientable 3-manifold is the connected sum of a unique (up to homeomorphism) collection of prime 3-manifolds.
Definitions.
Let us consider specifically 3-manifolds.
Irreducible manifold.
A 3-manifold is irreducible if any smooth sphere bounds a ball. More rigorously, a differentiable connected 3-manifold formula_1 is irreducible if every differentiable submanifold formula_2 homeomorphic to a sphere bounds a subset formula_3 (that is, formula_4) which is homeomorphic to the closed ball
The assumption of differentiability of formula_1 is not important, because every topological 3-manifold has a unique differentiable structure. The assumption that the sphere is "smooth" (that is, that it is a differentiable submanifold) is however important: indeed the sphere must have a tubular neighborhood.
A 3-manifold that is not irreducible is reducible.
Prime manifolds.
A connected 3-manifold formula_1 is prime if it cannot be obtained as a connected sum formula_8 of two manifolds neither of which is the 3-sphere formula_9 (or, equivalently, neither of which is the homeomorphic to formula_1).
Examples.
Euclidean space.
Three-dimensional Euclidean space formula_11 is irreducible: all smooth 2-spheres in it bound balls.
On the other hand, Alexander's horned sphere is a non-smooth sphere in formula_12 that does not bound a ball. Thus the stipulation that the sphere be smooth is necessary.
Sphere, lens spaces.
The 3-sphere formula_9 is irreducible. The product space formula_14 is not irreducible, since any 2-sphere formula_15 (where 'pt' is some point of formula_16) has a connected complement which is not a ball (it is the product of the 2-sphere and a line).
A lens space formula_17 with formula_18 (and thus not the same as formula_19) is irreducible.
Prime manifolds and irreducible manifolds.
A 3-manifold is irreducible if and only if it is prime, except for two cases: the product formula_14 and the non-orientable fiber bundle of the 2-sphere over the circle formula_16 are both prime but not irreducible.
From irreducible to prime.
An irreducible manifold formula_1 is prime. Indeed, if we express formula_1 as a connected sum
then formula_1 is obtained by removing a ball each from formula_26 and from formula_27, and then gluing the two resulting 2-spheres together. These two (now united) 2-spheres form a 2-sphere in formula_1. The fact that formula_1 is irreducible means that this 2-sphere must bound a ball. Undoing the gluing operation, either formula_26 or formula_27 is obtained by gluing that ball to the previously removed ball on their borders. This operation though simply gives a 3-sphere. This means that one of the two factors formula_26 or formula_27 was in fact a (trivial) 3-sphere, and formula_1 is thus prime.
From prime to irreducible.
Let formula_1 be a prime 3-manifold, and let formula_2 be a 2-sphere embedded in it. Cutting on formula_2 one may obtain just one manifold formula_38 or perhaps one can only obtain two manifolds formula_39 and formula_40. In the latter case, gluing balls onto the newly created spherical boundaries of these two manifolds gives two manifolds formula_26 and formula_27 such that
Since formula_1 is prime, one of these two, say formula_26, is formula_9. This means formula_39 is formula_9 minus a ball, and is therefore a ball itself. The sphere formula_2 is thus the border of a ball, and since we are looking at the case where only this possibility exists (two manifolds created) the manifold formula_1 is irreducible.
It remains to consider the case where it is possible to cut formula_1 along formula_2 and obtain just one piece, formula_53. In that case there exists a closed simple curve formula_54 in formula_1 intersecting formula_2 at a single point. Let formula_57 be the union of the two tubular neighborhoods of formula_2 and formula_54. The boundary formula_60 turns out to be a 2-sphere that cuts formula_1 into two pieces, formula_62 and the complement of formula_62. Since formula_1 is prime and formula_62 is not a ball, the complement must be a ball. The manifold formula_1 that results from this fact is almost determined, and a careful analysis shows that it is either formula_14 or else the other, non-orientable, fiber bundle of formula_68 over formula_16.

</doc>
<doc id="19045787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045787" title="Lvovo">
Lvovo

Lvovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19045800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045800" title="Chank Diesel">
Chank Diesel

Chank Diesel, also known as Charles Andermack, is a contemporary type designer. He was born in Canada and raised in the U.S. state of Florida.
Biography.
Chank was born Charles Anderson, but neighbors called him "Chanky," after Spanky from the Little Rascals. The childhood name evolved to "Chank" as he grew up, and "Anderson" became "Andermack" when Chank married and combined his last name with that of his wife.
Chank was educated at Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota. He began designing typefaces when he was Creative Director for the alternative music magazine CAKE. During this time, he road-tripped back and forth across the country visiting designers at various record companies and earning himself the nickname "The Traveling Font Salesman." His fonts appeared on a number of album covers. Chank established his type foundry, Chank Fonts, in 1996, which he now operates from his home office in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He creates primarily display typefaces; typefaces with more personality than would usually be suitable for large bodies of text. His customers range from average computer users to professional designers. Chank creates custom fonts for corporations wanting exclusive rights to custom designed fonts, leading to his fonts' use on Taco Bell wrappers, Honeycomb cereal boxes, Tanqueray billboards, bottles of Ocean Spray cranberry drink, and movie posters for James and the Giant Peach. Chank sells his fonts (and also distributes free fonts) from his website, Chank.com. In addition to designing fonts, Chank conducts font workshops, where he explains the process of font design and creates new fonts with the help of attendees.
Some of Chank's fonts were featured in the Smithsonian’s Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum as “important examples of contemporary typography” in 1996. He was profiled in the Wall Street Journal in 1997. In 2008, he was featured in The New York Times article "Down With Helvetica: Design Your Own Font." 
In addition to being a font designer, Chank is also a painter.

</doc>
<doc id="19045819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045819" title="Shan Herald News Agency">
Shan Herald News Agency

The Shan Herald Agency for News is a private, nonprofit organization which attempts to fill the information void and shed light on the current situation in Shan State in Burma, where the media is closely controlled and censored. 
Originally established in Shan State in 1991, the Shan Herald Agency for News was moved to Chiang Mai, Thailand in 1996 where it was better able to maintain its independence from armed political factions operating in Shan State.
Aims and Activities.
Activities.
The agency regularly receives news and photographs from within Shan State thanks to a network of supporters resident there. S.H.A.N. also dispatches field reporters to cover specific issues when conditions permit, as well as interviewing people from Shan State when they arrive at the Thai-Burma and China-Burma borders. In addition, given the proximity to Shan State, S.H.A.N. is able to monitor the military junta’s radio broadcasts.
Through the publication of its monthly newspaper "Independence", its website and email information service, S.H.A.N. provides one of the few sources of news about events occurring in Shan State. Thanks to its publication in Shan, Burmese, English and Thai, it is not only a valuable resource for the Shan community in Burma, but also for the Shan exile community in Thailand and for Burma-watchers in the international community. 
S.H.A.N. prints 3,000 copies of its newspaper each month, distributing them through a network of activists along the Thai-Burma and China-Burma borders, as well as being dispatched directly to Shan State and distributed at Shan temples in Thailand. It is also sent out to international NGOs and other interested parties abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="19045823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045823" title="Echium pininana">
Echium pininana

Echium pininana, also called Tree Echium, Pine echium and Giant Viper's bugloss, is a plant, native to La Palma in the Canary Islands, that is now cultivated in gardens of Britain and Ireland. Its native habitat is laurel forests, where it is now endangered through habitat loss.
E. pininana is a biennial or triennial, showing little more than leaf in the first year, but subsequently produces a dense, high (potentially) flower spike that carries a dense mass of leaves and small blue flowers. 
The recommendation is that the plant is suited for the southern maritime counties of England. There are, however, reports of successful cultivation in the English Midlands and Yorkshire, albeit in favourable locations. Specimens are also grown in Dublin gardens and in the Irish National Botanic Gardens at Glasnevin. Although E. pininana is half-hardy in Britain and Ireland, it will self-seed to form clusters of plants, and it's suggested that by natural selection a hardier variety will emerge. The plant also grows readily in North Wales where it seeds very widely. It is bi or even tri ennial and most vulnerable to frosts in its first year. Because of its large leaves when partly grown, it is also very susceptible to wind damage. Hence a sheltered garden position is essential.

</doc>
<doc id="19045830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045830" title="Curle">
Curle

Curle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19045840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045840" title="Vente-privee.com">
Vente-privee.com

Vente-privee.com is the French ecommerce company that pioneered the model of online flash sales (also called event sales). The site, that celebrated its 10th anniversary in 2011, was developed in an online environment to host sales of designer brands only for members with discounted prices from 50% to 70% off. These sales include a diverse selection of product categories: fashion, accessories, toys, watches, home appliances, sports equipment, technology and wines. The site has diversified its offer and now even travels, entertainment tickets and music are in sale. For example, the last album of the punk legend Iggy Pop, "Après", was launched by the site.
History.
vente-privee.com was founded in 2001 by the current CEO, Jacques-Antoine Granjon, and his seven business partners. 
At the end of 2000 Granjon and his associates began to conceptualise the sale of end-of-season and overstock inventory through limited-time sales events on the internet. The principle was to fulfil supplier’s needs to quickly sell excess inventory, without harming the brand’s image or competing with other distribution channels. 
On July 26, 2007, Summit Partners acquired a 20% stake in vente-privee.com. The funding helped the company expand in Europe: first in Spain and Germany, then in Italy and UK, and more recently in Belgium, Austria and The Netherlands. In late 2011, vente-privee, in a join venture with American Express, launched the site in the US.
Infrastructure.
vente-privee.com employs around 1,800 people (2012).
Most of them are based in the headquarters, located in the former printing factory of the French daily newspaper Le Monde, in La Plaine Saint Denis (Paris):
The remaining employees work in the 160,000 sqm warehouses in Blanc-Mesnil (Paris) and St. Vulbas (near Lyon).
The vente-privee.com concept is the organisation of designer brand sales events over a limited period of time (3–5 days), available only to members, for brands' end-of-season or overstock inventory. Until 2009 one had to be recommended by a member to become a member. Since early 2010, registration to vente-privee.com is open to anyone, probably according to its move to sell its 1 million optin emails database. Thanks to word of mouth, the site announced 18 million members in 8 European countries in early 2013.
How it works.
48 hours before a sale takes place, an invitation email is sent to all members.
Sales usually start at 6 am GMT on weekdays, and 8 am GMT on weekends, and last 3–5 days.
Eco-system.
Since 2001, more than 30 other websites have emerged on this concept in France, Germany, Spain and Italy. Also some regular e-business websites have moved to the private sales as part of their offer (e.g.: cdiscount.com,rueducommerce.com).
Awards.
2011
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
Bibliography.
http://www.marketingweek.co.uk/trends/strategic-inconvenience/4000496.article
http://www.fashionunited.co.uk/fashion-news/fashion/granjon-smartphone-will-be-magic-wand-of-consumption-2011101313128 Eve Oxberry, 18 février 2010, "Vente-privee reports 33% sales uplift", Retail Week
http://www.retail-week.com/city/trading-update/vente-privee-reports-33-sales-uplift/5010558.article

</doc>
<doc id="19045980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19045980" title="Sexological testing">
Sexological testing

Sexuality can be inscribed in a multidimensional model comprising different aspects of human life: biology, reproduction, culture, entertainment, relationships and love.
In the last decades, a growing interest towards sexuality and a greater quest to acknowledge a “right to sexuality” has occurred both in society and individuals. The consequence of this evolution has been a renewed and more explicit call for intervention from those who suffer, or think they suffer from alterations of their sexual and relational sphere.
This has produced an increased attention of medicine and psychology towards sexual dysfunctions and the problems they cause in individuals and couples. Science has gradually adjusted already existing research tools, mostly used in other fields of clinical research, to the field of sexology, so completing and increasing the number of tools in the “toolkit” of various branches of sexological diagnosis.
Psychological measurements cannot be considered as accurate as physical ones (weight, height, mass, etc.), as the former evaluate those aspects and variables pertaining to an "individual" whose "individuality" refers to his/her own psychological, personological and environmental constituents: emotions, expressiveness, senses, feelings and experiences which can greatly vary according to the subjects and change in the short period or depending on different settings, even in the same individual.
What is expected of psychological measurements is "sufficient" accuracy and reliability, i.e. capability to express an indication or focus which clinicians can use as a “guideline” to rapidly and accurately deepen the aspects highlighted by the measurements and check them together with their patients. For this purpose, several statistical validation indexes of psychodiagnostic tests are provided: from standardization to various constructions of validity (internal, external, face, construct, convergent, content, discriminant, etc.).
There are several sexual dysfunctions and each of them has a different cause. Therefore, the field of sexology provides different psychological evaluation devices in order to examine the various aspects of the discomfort, problem or dysfunction, regardless of whether they are individual or relational ones.
The number of psychodiagnostic reactives is certainly wide and heterogeneous, nevertheless, the amount of tests specifically meant for the field of sexology is quite limited. The following list (in alphabetical order) is not exhaustive but shows the best known and/or most used reactives in the field of sexological and relational psychodiagnosis.
Index.
ASEX (Arizona Sexual Experience Scale).
This test is intended for the assessment of sexual dysfunctions in psychiatric patients and people with health problems (men and women). It particularly evaluates modifications and alterations of sexual functions in relation to the intake of medicines or psychotropic substances.
This self-report questionnaire can be both administered by a clinician or self-administered. It is made up of 5 items rated on a 6-point Likert scale.
Each item explores a particular aspect of sexuality: 1. Sexual drive, 2. Arousal, 3a. Penile erection; 3b. Vaginal lubrication, 4. Ability to reach orgasm, 5. Satisfaction from orgasm. 
Only one item of the scale has a male and a female version (3a – 3b). 
This test provides good reliability indexes with a Cronbach's coefficient alpha of 0,90 and correlation (at intervals of 1 and 2 weeks) with r = 0,80. The “validity of the construction” has been evaluated by several studies through differences in the scores obtained by sample groups (dysfunctional patients) and control groups.
Convergent and discriminant validity have been measured comparing the results obtained by ASEX with those obtained by other tests. Particularly, it has been found a significant correlation between ASEX and BISF (Brief Index of Sexual Functioning), while little correlation has been noticed between ASEX and HRSD - Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression and BDI - Beck Depression Inventory.
ASKAS (Aging Sexuality Knowledge and Attitudes Scale).
This questionnaire is aimed at knowing sexuality and sexual attitudes in the elderly. It is made up of 61 items divided into two subscales: “"Knowledge subscale"”, a 35-item scale with “True/False” and “I don't know” answers and “"Attitudes subscale"” which is composed of 26 items rated on a 7-point Likert scale. Both subscales provide good reliability indexes (from 0,97 to 0,72) for Cronbach's alpha, test-retest and split half methods measured on different types of groups: "Nursing home resident", "Community older adults", "Family of older adults", "Persons who work with older adults", "Nursing home staff". 
According to several studies carried out by the same author, sexual behaviour and attitudes during older age reflects those adopted during younger age, in fact:
ASKAS has been used to study the effects of sexual education on the attitudes of nursing home residents, their relatives and nursing home staff towards sexuality in the elderly. It has been noted that, after receiving sexual education, nursing home staff and relatives were more tolerant towards sexual intercourse in older age. Moreover, there was a significant increase in the sexual activity and satisfaction in those elderly people who had been given sexual education. 
An Italian survey carried out through a translated version of ASKAS among general practitioners has found that almost the entire sample (N=95) knew that sexuality is a lifelong need and it is not hazardous to elderly people's health, but, at the same time, it has revealed a lot of fallacies, confusion, stereotypes and lack of accurate knowledge of sexuality in old men and old women. 
Several studies carried out in the fields of medicine and psychology throughout the world, have confirmed that this test can be used in order to assess elderly people and to survey their relatives and those professionals ("helping profession") working close to them: doctors, psychologists and social workers.
BSRI (Bem Sex Role Inventory).
Self-administering questionnaire (60 items in all) measures masculinity (20 items), femininity (20 items), androgyny (20 items), using the masculinity and femininity scales.
"The concept of psychological androgyny implies that it is possible for an individual to be both compassionate and assertive, both expressive and instrumental, both feminine and masculine, depending upon the situational appropriateness of these various modalities".
DAS (Dyadic Adjustment Scale).
This scale is made up of 32 items which explore 4 interdependent dimensions in order to evaluate relational adaptation between husband and wife: "agreement" between husband and wife on important matters, "cohesion" of the couple on common activities, "satisfaction" of the couple with the progress of their relationship, "expression" of satisfaction with their affective and sexual life.
DIQ (Diagnostic Impotence Questionnaire).
This questionnaire (35 item) evaluates the different components in male erectile dysfunction: Vascular (V), Neurogenic (N), Hormonal (H), Psychogenic (P).
The scores of V-N-H components provide information about those organic factors responsible for the dysfunction; the scores of P component indicate the influence of the psychogenic component. If the total score of V-N-H components is higher than the score of P component, then the organic etiology prevails over the psychogenic one (and vice-versa).
This device is useful in the clinic setting. However, due to the fact that it is not validated nor standardised, it must be used carefully in researchs and screenings.
DSFI (Derogatis Sexual Function Inventory).
A standardised self-evaluation questionnaire made up of 258 items (245 in the original version published in 1975). It produces 9 sexual dimensions (information, experience, sexual drive, attitudes, affectivity, sexual gender and role, sexual fantasies, body image and sexual satisfaction), a dimension about psychopathological symptoms (anxiety, depression and somatizations) and an SFI index ("sexual functioning index"). Due to the high number of items, it requires a considerable amount of time to be filled in.
EDITS (Erectile Dysfunction Inventory of Treatment Satisfaction).
A self-evaluation questionnaire on erectile dysfunction which is meant for male patients (13 items) and their partners (5 items). It explores achievements, perceived satisfaction, and treatment effectiveness.
The items meant for male patients study expectations, effectiveness, side effects and their willingness to continue with the treatment. The items meant for their partners explore the changes occurred in the couple's sexual activity and allow to notice the concordance between the subjective answers of the patients and the objective ones provided by theirs partners.
EPES (Erotic Preferences Examination Scheme).
This is one of the oldest self-report questionnaire measures of the various paraphilias listed in the American Psychiatric Association’s Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM).
The EPES includes scales for sexual masochism (11 items), sexual sadism (20 items), fetishism (8 items), cross-gender fetishism—transvestism (11 items), autogynephilia—a man’s tendency to be erotically aroused by the thought or image of himself as a woman (8 items), pedophilia (18 items), hebephilia—the erotic preference for pubescent, as opposed to prepubescent, children (9 items), voyeurism (6 items), and exhibitionism (13 items). The alpha reliability coefficients for these scales run from .74 to .98.
The EPES is not copyrighted and can be used without special permission.
FACES (Family Adaptability and Cohesion Evaluation Scales).
This scale is made up of 111 items exploring family relationships (children above 12 included) with regard to 4 degrees of “"cohesion"”, i.e. emotional link between family members (regressed, attached, parted, disengaged) and 4 degrees of “"adaptability"” (chaotic, flexible, structured, rigid) i.e. capability of family members to reorganize in response to changes in the situations involving the family.
A first revision (1993) called "FACES-II" reduced the scale to 30 items, whereas a second one (1995) called "FACES-III" further reduced the number of items to 20.
FGIS (Feminine Gender Identity Scale).
This scale is made up of 29 items. The questions touch on topics such as childhood playmate preference. Adolescent sexual experience, and sexual activity preference in details.
GRIMS (Golombok Rust Inventory of Marital State).
A 28-item questionnaire which is intended to analyse the features of dyadic relationships. It is often used in marriage counselling and couple's therapy. This inventory shows good psychometric features and is often used together with "GRISS" which is its individual version.
GRISS (Golombok Rust Inventory of Sexual Satisfaction).
It consists of two questionnaires (i.e. a male and a female questionnaire) with 28 items each. It studies sexual dysfunctions in heterosexual subjects. It provides a total score and subscales scores: intercourse frequency, incommunicability, dissatisfaction, avoiding sexual intercourse, absence of sexuality, anorgasmia and vaginismus (only in the female version), impotence and premature ejaculation (only in the male version).
It is provided with good psychometric features and is easy to administer due to the limited amount of items. However, this feature limits its illustrative and diagnostic function.
HSAS (Hendrick Sexual Attitude Scale).
A 43-item self-evaluation scale which explore subjects' attitude towards sexuality. The scale examines 4 sexuality-related factors: permissiveness, sexual practices, community (i.e. participation and involvement) and instrumentalism (i.e. pleasure-oriented sexuality).
IIEF (International Index of Erectile Function).
This standardised and validated 15-item self-evaluation scale provides pre-post treatment clinic evaluations of erectile function, orgasmic function, sexual desire, satisfaction in sexual intercourse and general satisfaction. 
The "IIEF-5 Sexual Health Inventory for Men", an abridged version of the "IIEF", contains a shorter questionnaire of 5 items which takes into account the latest six months instead of the latest four weeks considered by the "IIEF".
ISS (Index of Sexual Satisfaction).
A 25-item questionnaire which psychometrically evaluates the preponderance of sexual components in the problems of a couple. Sexuality-related aspects in the couple are measured with regard to the feelings, attitudes, and events occurring during the relationship.
MAT (Marital Adjustment Test).
A 15-item questionnaire which evaluates intrarelational adaptation and the agreement between husband and wife about those behaviours they consider sensible and suitable for their marital life. Psychometric capabilities are limited due to its obsolescence.
MCI (Marital Communication Inventory).
This scale is made up of two questionnaires (i.e. a male and a female questionnaire) with 42 items each, which provide a total score on intra-couple communication and scores relative to 6 dimensions: communication, adjustment, intimacy and sexuality, children, jobs and income, and religious beliefs. 
This device shows a good reliability and internal consistency of the global score in comparison to the sub-dimensions.
MMPI-2 (Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory).
A test published in 1942 by the "University of Minnesota", it was revised in 1989 when the current version MMPI-2 was created (last release Restructured Form in 2003).
The MMPI-2 is made up of a considerable number of items (567) which explore several features of personality pertaining psychology and psychiatry. There are also an abridged version (370 items) and a version called MMPI-A of 478 items (350 items in a short form) aimed at evaluating adolescent between the age of 14 and 18.
The dimensions taken into account are divided into: "Basic Scales" (which evaluate the most relevant features of personality), "Content Scales" (which analyse different variables of personality), "Supplementary Scales" (which further investigate some of the issues in the basic scales), "Validity Scales" (which define the degree of sincerity and accuracy in filling the questionnaire).
The evaluation of sexual and relational settings takes into account the following aspects: "masculinity" – "femininity" (i.e. those aspects typically viewed as masculine or feminine, considered as a whole), "masculine and feminine" "gender role" (i.e. perception of gender role), "marital distress and family discord" (i.e. conflicts within the couple), "social introversion" (i.e. difficulties in social relations).
Criticisms of this device relate to the amount of time required to fill it in (60–120 minutes) and to the fact that some of the Restructured Clinical Scales, although regarded as clearer and easier to interpret, raised some controversies in the academic world because they have been modified compared to those in the original version.
MPT (Marital Patterns Test).
This test is made up of two questionnaires (i.e. a male and a female questionnaire) with 24 pairs of items each. They measure the dominance and willingness within the couple. Its validity has been improved thanks to a revision by Scott-Heyes (1982) whose title is "RSMPT - Ryle/Scott-Heyes Marital Patterns Questionnaire."
MSI (Marital Satisfaction Inventory).
A 280-item inventory which evaluates marital satisfaction with regard to 12 dimensions especially concerning conventionalism, affective communication, amount of time spent together, disagreement on financial problems, disagreement on children management and sexual satisfaction. A total score of the scales provides a “"global discomfort"” index defined by couple dissatisfaction, whereas a reduced version of this device (made up of 44 items) shows the “"indifference"” degree and the “disharmony” degree of the relationship.
PEQUEST (Premature Ejaculation Questionnaire).
A 36-item self-evaluation questionnaire for evaluating premature ejaculation. The ejaculative/orgasmic behaviour is explored in its various problematic aspects: persistence, significance, frequency, situational factors, psychological reaction of both partners, techniques adopted by the patient in order to coping the problem, adaptation and interference levels of the disturbance, performance anxiety, and partner's behaviour during sexual intercourse.
PREPARE-ENRICH (Premarital Personal and Relationship Evaluation).
This inventory is made up of 125 items, subdivided into 14 subscales, which explore sexual intercourse, personal difficulties, marital satisfaction, couple cohesion, dyadic adaptability, communication, conflict resolution, equality of the roles, children and marital life, family and friends, financial management, leisure activities, religious orientation, idealistic distortions. This inventory requires an elaborate preparation in order to be used and results from the combination of three previous scales: "PREPARE - Premarital Personal and Relationship Evaluation" (for couples planning to marry who do not have children); "PREPARE-MC - Marriage Children" (for couples planning to marry who have children, either together or from previous relationships); "ENRICH - Evaluating Nurturing Relationship Issues Communication and Happiness" (for married couples seeking empowerment and counselling).
SAI (Sexual Arousability Inventory).
A 28-item questionnaire that psychometrically evaluates the level of arousability produced by sexual experiences, whereas "SAI-E Sexual Arousability Inventory Expanded" measures anxiety and arousability and it is meant for men and women regardless their psychosexual orientation.
SAS (Sexual Attitude Scale).
A 25-item scale aiming at identifying subjects' attitude ("liberal" or "conservative") towards different forms of sexuality. This questionnaire is not meant to study sexual disturbances, it just explores the "subjects' attitude" towards sexuality and its numerous expressions.
SBI (Sexual Behavior Inventory).
A self-evaluation scale in two versions (male and female version). Both versions are made up of 21 items. The questionnaire evaluates the kind of involvement of subjects in heterosexual activities.
SESAMO_Win (Sexrelation Evaluation Schedule Assessment Monitoring on Windows).
A standardised and validated self-administering and self-evaluation questionnaire. It studies the dysfunctional aspects in individual and couple sexuality besides family, social, affective and relational aspects. 
It consists of two questionnaires (i.e. a male and a female questionnaire) which are divided in two subsections each: one for singles and one for people with a partner.
The number of items in each questionnaire is variable: 135 items for singles and 173 for people with a partner. The explored dimensions are 16 for singles and 18 for people living a dyadic situation.
This questionnaire can be directly self-administered on the computer ("self-assessment"); after that the software elaborates the questionnaire and produces a report made up of 9 sections. Each of these sections has several levels of further diagnostic analysis.
A short version of this questionnaire, called "Sexuality Evaluation Schedule Assessment Monitoring", has a lower number of items and can be administered only through the paper and pencil method.
The disadvantages of this evaluation/research tool are the time required for filling in the questionnaire and the fact that the complete Report can be elaborated only by the software.
SESII–W (Sexual Excitation/Sexual Inhibition Inventory for Women).
This test investigates sexual arousal and inhibition in women through a 115-item questionnaire rated on a 4-point Likert scale. 
The areas concerning sexual arousal are: "Arousability" (arousal and sexual stimulation); "Sexual power dynamics" (power dynamics in sexuality); "Smell" (arousing smells); "Partner characteristics"; "Setting" (unusual or unconcealed settings). 
Sexual inhibition factors are: "Relationship importance"; "Arousal contingency" (arousal-related factors); "Concerns about sexual function" (concerns about the consequences of sexual activity). 
This test is based on the conditioning of sexual response: sexual arousal is controlled by the balance of several factors, all of which contribute to arousal or inhibition. 
Validation of this test is based on a sample of 655 women with an average age of 33,09. Statistical calculations have provided a good reliability measured by test-retest method and good discriminant and convergent validity determined through the consistency of the results obtained by this test with those obtained by BIS/BAS - "Behavioral Inhibition Scale/Behavioral Activation Scale", SOS – "Sexual Opinion Survey" and SSS – "Sexual Sensation Seeking".
SFQ (Sexual Functioning Questionnaire).
A standardised questionnaire which studies sexual impotence problems. It is made up of 62 items (48 of them are meant for both partners while 14 are meant exclusively for the dysfunctional patient). The scoring and the clinical evaluation must have done with the traditional method.
SHQ–R (Clarke Sex History Questionnaire for Males–Revised).
Clarke Sex History Questionnaire for Males was created in 1977 by some clinicians from the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health (the former Clarke Institute of Psychiatry) in Toronto (Canada). 
SHQ-R is a fully validated and standardised self-report questionnaire, revised in 2002. It is composed of 508 items exploring several areas of male sexuality: 
I. "Childhood and Adolescent Sexual Experiences" (a scale to measure sexual experiences and sexual abuse during childhood and adolescence); 
II. "Sexual Dysfunction" (a scale which evaluates sexual dysfunctions such as impotence, hypersexuality and premature or retarded ejaculation); 
III. "Adult Age/Gender Sexual Outlets" (seven scales measuring the frequency of various sexual activities with adults, children and adolescents); 
IV. "Fantasy and Pornography" (three scales measuring sexual fantasies involving women, men and the use of pornography); 
V. "Transvestism, Fetishism, and Feminine Gender Identity" (three scales which evaluate personal experiences with regard to transvestism, sexual fetishes and identification with female gender traits); 
VI. "Courtship Disorders" (six scales which take into consideration several aspects of “disturbed courtship”: voyeurism, exhibitionism, obscene telephone calls, frotteurism/toucherism and sexual assault). 
This test also includes two validity indicators: a “Lie scale” (insincere answers) and an “Infrequency scale” (infrequent answers).
SII (Sexual Interaction Inventory).
A standardised self-evaluation questionnaire made up of 17 items with 6 answers each. It gathers information about sexual interactions within heterosexual or homosexual couples. The result is obtained through a cross evaluation of the answers both partners have separately given in their respective questionnaires.
Manual scoring of rough points, which are then converted into percentages to be used to create a diagram which shows a sexual interaction profile for each couple.
SOC (Spouse Observation Checklist).
A 400-item checklist relating partner's behaviours to be filled in by husband and wife for two weeks. 
It takes into account 12 behavioural categories: love, solidarity, consideration, sexuality, communication, couple's activities, children's care, home management, decisions about financial matters, job, personal habits and independence of both partners.
It is similar to "MAP - Marital Agendas Protocol" in many aspects. This type of daily diaries are chiefly used in marriage counselling in order to evaluate conflict management and couple satisfaction/dissatisfaction.
SOS (Sexual Opinion Survey).
A 21-item scale which explores subjects' attitude towards several sexual aspects: heterosexuality, homosexuality, erotic fantasies, sexual stimuli, etc.
TIPE (Test di Induzione Psico Erotica).
The "Psycho Erotic Induction Test" is a projective test, standardised for evaluating erotic imagery. It is made up of 8 tables concerning four specific issues: situations during childhood, initiative in love relationships, competitiveness and function of the group.
WIQ (Waring Intimacy Questionnaire).
This scale is made up of 90 items analysing 9 aspects relating couple's intimacy: sexuality, love, expressiveness, marital cohesion, couple compatibility, partners' independence, conflicts, social identity and desirability bias. This scale seems to be reliable and free from sexual preconceptions although plethoric in conceptualising some of the items.

</doc>
<doc id="19046009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046009" title="98th Guards Airborne Division">
98th Guards Airborne Division

The 98th Guards Airborne Division (98-я гвардейская воздушно-десантная Свирская Краснознаменная ордена Кутузова дивизия) is an airborne division of the Russian Airborne Troops, stationed in Ivanovo. 
History.
During the Second World War, the formation began its existence as the 98th Guards Rifle Division (:ru:98-я гвардейская стрелковая дивизия). It incorporated 296th Guards Rifle Regiment (formerly the 18th Independent Guards Airborne Brigade), 299th GRR (fmr 19 IGAB), 302nd GRR (fmr 20 IGAB). Formed in December 1943-January 1944 at Demitrov in the Moscow Military District. It was part of the 37th Guards Airborne Corps, 9th Guards Army on the Karelian front (May 1944), on the Svir river (June 1944) and near Budapest in February 1945. The division ended the war near Prague.
On February 27, 1968, for achievements in combat and political training, and in connection with the 50th anniversary of the USSR Armed Forces, the Division was awarded the Order of Kutuzov, 2nd degree. In 1969, units of the division relocated to the village Merry Kut Artsizkogo district, city Bolgrad Chisinau in the Odessa Military District. 
The division became involved in the major exercises "South", "Spring 72 ", " 73 - Crimea ", " Ether -74 ", "Spring -75 ", " Shield -79 ", " Shield -82 "" Summer 90 ".
After the fall of the Soviet Union.
The division was relocated from Bolgrad in the Ukraine to Ivanovo after the fall of the Soviet Union. In doing so several of its constituent units stayed behind and became Ukrainian units, such as the 217th Guards Airborne Regiment.
Today, its two regiments, the 217th and 299th, are stationed near the Ivanovo Severny military-transport airfield. However another source lists the two constituent regiments as the 217th and 331st, the later having transferred from 106th 'Tula' Guards Airborne Division in 1998. 
It took part in the 2008 South Ossetian War.
Units 2009.
At some point, it was planned that the 137th Guards Airborne Regiment in Ryazan would join from the 106th Guards Airborne Division, which was to disband. However the disbandment of the 106th Guards has now been rescinded. 

</doc>
<doc id="19046017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046017" title="Arthur John Williams">
Arthur John Williams

Arthur John Williams (14 April 1834 – 12 September 1911) was a Welsh lawyer, author and Member of Parliament for South Glamorganshire 1885-1895.
Williams was born in 1834 to Dr John Morgan Williams. Arthur John Williams was one of the trustees of the land that the village of Williamstown was built upon and that took his family name. Privately educated, Williams studied law and was called to the Bar at the Inner Temple in 1867. Williams served as an honorary secretary to the Law society and the Legal Education Association.
In 1869 Williams published his first book, "The Appropriation of the Railways by the State", and would publish many more books over his life, mainly concerned with legal and economic concerns. In 1878 Williams was promoted to the post of Secretary to the Royal Commission on Accidents in Mines, and as part of his duties would investigate the causes of mining disasters throughout England, Scotland and Wales, of which there were many. 
His first foray into politics occurred in 1880 when he unsuccessfully contested the seat of Birkenhead. In 1885 he was elected as a Liberal member of South Glamorgan and held the seat until 1895. He campaigned for proportional representation and the abolishment of Hereditary Peers in the House of Lords. Along with David Lloyd George, he campaigned for the disestablishment of the Church of England in Wales.
On the 23 May 1877, Williams met his future wife Rose Harriette, eldest daughter of Robert Thompson Crawshay the ironmaster of Cyfarthfa Castle in Merthyr. Crawshay was set against his daughter marrying, as she had promised not to wed until after his death. When Williams married Rose in 1878, Crawshay did not attend the wedding and severed Rose from his will.
Although they moved to Eastbourne for some time, Williams and his family moved back to South Wales in 1889 and set up home at Plas Coed-y-Mwster, a mansion in Coychurch, Bridgend. Williams died in 1911 and his ashes were placed within Coychurch church in 1912. Rose survived her husband and her ashes were placed with his when she died in 1943. They had two sons, Eliot Crawshay-Williams who was also a Member of Parliament and Leslie Crawshay. 

</doc>
<doc id="19046018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046018" title="Obrad Stanojević">
Obrad Stanojević

Professor Obrad Stanojević () (March 28, 1934 – November 23, 2011) was Emeritus professor and former dean of the University of Belgrade's Law School, Serbia. He was a renowned expert in Roman law, comparative law, civil law and international law, and has written extensively in these fields. Stanojević was a member of the International Adivsory Board of the Loyola University New Orleans College of Law and has been associated with this law school since 1990 when he visited it as a Fulbright Scholar. He has also taught at the Loyola College of Law as a visiting professor from 1994 to 1996, and he has taught in Loyola’s summer programs in Hungary, Mexico, and Russia. He has lectured widely at leading European universities. Together with Professor Sima Avramović, he was the organizer of the prestigious Belgrade Competition in Oratory. Additionally, Stanojević was the only representative from Eastern Europe of the international review "Revue Internationale des Droits de l’Antiquite" – Brussels.
Early life.
Professor Obrad Stanojević was born on March 28, 1934. in Mustapić, Serbia to father Rev. Slobodan Stanojević (b. July 22, 1910. - d. July 19, 1942.) and mother Nadežda (Nada) Stanojević (née Marković, b. Sep. 30, 1910 - d. October 30, 2007.). At the time Rev. Slobodan Stanojević was temporarily stationed in Mustapić to perform his first service as a priest of Serbian Orthodox Church. Both parents are by origin from the city of Prokuplje, Serbia where they later continued to live. Obrad attended elementary school in Prokuplje, where he stayed during German occupation in World War II. Upon arrival of German army, Rev. Slobodan Stanojević became one of the local leaders (Vojvoda) of the Serbian Loyalist movement - Četniks, which successfully organized armed resistance against German troops during occupation. Rev. Slobodan Stanojevic was betrayed by his neighbour, and was assassinated in his home by communist militia on the night of July 19, 1942. Nada and Obrad Stanojević remained in Prokuplje unitill summer of 1947, when they moved to Belgrade. In Belgrade they lived in Dorćol district in Cara Urosa 31 street, where Obrad attended the First Gymnasium middle school (Prva Muška Gimnazija).
Professional career.
Following his interest in sciences and social studies Obrad enrolled University of Belgrade School of Law in 1953, where he obtained LL.B. degree in 1957. After graduation Obrad became a postgraduate student at the Department of Classical philology (Greek and Latin) of Belgrade University. He also spent several years studying abroad at Institute Universitaire des Etudes Europeennes (Turin, Italy 1960/61) and Institute of Comparative Law, New York University (1964/65). Obrad obtained his Ph.D. degree in 1964 with the thesis: “Loan and interest, Historical and Comparative Study”. By this time he became fluent in several foreign languages: English, French, Italian, Russian (in all those languages he delivered lectures), with passive knowledge of Latin, Spanish and German.
Obrad devoted most his career teaching Roman Law and Law History at Belgrade University School of Law where he was elected Associate Professor of Law and Full Professor. He also served as Associate Dean (1980–82) and Dean (1991–92). During his professional career Obrad became one of the world’s leading scholars in the Roman Law and lectured extensively around the globe. He also authored numerous scholarly articles and books that were translated in several languages. He retired from teaching at Belgrade University Law School in 1998, but remained active in the “Forum Romanum” Club, as a chief organizer of the annual student contest in rhetorics. Obrad also continued extensive teaching activities as a guest lecturer at other universities in the region and around the world.
University Career Summary.
Assistant Professor of Law<br>
Associate Professor of Law<br>
Full Professor of Law<br>
Associate Dean (1980–82) and Dean (1991-1993) of the University of Belgrade Law School<br>
President of the Department for Legal History at the Law School of Belgrade (for more than ten years)<br>
Founder and President of the Club “Forum Romanum” of the Law School<br>
President and member of the National Council for Higher Education<br>
President of the society Dante Alligheiri (International association for the promotion of Italian language and culture)<br>
Vice-president of the Societa dei amici dell’Universita per stranieri di Perugia.
Lecturing activity.
- At the University of Belgrade Law School: Roman Law, Rhetoric, Major Legal Systems; <br>
- University of Kragujevac Law School, Serbia History of Political and Legal Institutions<br>
- Loyola University Law School, New Orleans, USA:, Roman Law, Comparative Law, Western Legal Traditions, Property, Family Law and Public International Law. <br>
- At the Center for European studies (together with the University of Nancy, France): History of Europe and European Idea<br>
- at the Summer programs of Loyola: Comparative Law, International Law and Russia<br>
- Summer program of the Law School of Tulane (New Orleans) Countries in transition – example of Yugoslavia.<br>
-Lecturer at the University of London (1985), Edinburgh (1985), Milan (1986), Pisa (1986, 1996), Brussels (1989), Moscow (1989). <br>
-Visiting professor (Fulbright program) at Loyola University, School of Law in New Orleans (1990); Professor at Loyola by contract from 1993 to 1995; Associate director (on two occasions) and professor at the Summer School of Loyola in Mexico (1992, 1995, 1998, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009); Professor at Loyola summer programs in Moscow and Budapest (1993, 1994, 1996, 2001); Lecturer at the Summer School of Tulane Law School in Greece (1999), at the joint summer program of Loyola (New Orleans) and Touro (New York) from 2000 to 2004; Distinguished Visiting Professor by Loyola University School of Law (March - April 2001).
Awards.
- “Premio Internazionale Arangio-Ruiz” (Naples, 1968) for the book “Loan and Interest (Historical and Comparative Study”);<br>
- Award “The Book of the Year in Legal Literature”, Belgrade, 1986 for the textbook “Roman law”;<br>
- The same award for the book “Ars Rhetorica” for year 2002; <br>
- Member of Accademia Costantiniana (Perugia, Italy);<br>
- At the first voting of Student Radio Index, “Choosing the most popular professor of Belgrade University” in 1986 won the first place.<br>
- The series “Academia in vivo” (transmitting lectures from Belgrade University on TV has started with Obrad’s lecture “Law and Civilization of Ancient Egypt”.
Major Publications.
1. Loan and interest, Historical and Comparative Study, Belgrade, 1966, 325 pages.<br>
2. Gaius noster – contribution to the History of Roman Jurisprudence, Belgrade, 1976, 188 p.<br>
3. Latin for Law Students, Belgrade, 1982, 238 p. (several editions).<br>
4. Institutes of Gaius, Latin text, translation and comment, Belgrade, 1982, 330 p. Second edition 2009.<br>
5. Roman Law (textbook), Belgrade, 1986 (and twenty five consecutive editions) 460 p.<br>
6. Basic Principles of Common Law, Belgrade, 44 p.<br>
7. Gaius noster – plaidoyer pour Gaius, Amsterdam, 1989, 184 p. (in French)<br> 
8. History of Political and Legal Institutions (part I: Near East and Greece), Belgrade, 1988, 120 p.<br>
9. One Hundred and Fifty Years of Law School (1841-1991), Editor-in-chief and author of the first chapter (Licej u Kragujevcu), Beograd, 1991, p. 1 - 28<br>
10. O. Stanojevic & Sima Avramovic, Basic Principles of Rhetoric, Belgrade, 1993, 182 p.<br>
11. Obrad Stanojevic & Sima Avramovic, Ars Rhetorica – Manual of Rhetoric, Belgrade, 2002, 550 pages (second ed. 2003).<br>
12. History of European Civilization and European Idea (lecture notes), Belgrade, 1996, 142 p.<br>
13. Eastern European Countries in Transition, example of Yugoslavia (lecture notes), 2001. 231 p.<br>
14. International Law and Russia (lecture notes) 2003, 327 p.<br>
15. Obrad Stanojevic & Jelena Danilovic Tekstovi iz Rimskog prava (praktikum za vezbe) several editions, 275 p.<br>
16. Western Legal Tradition, Lecture material for the Summer School of Loyola University in Mexico, Cuernavaca
Encyclopedias.
1. Enciclopedia dei popoli d’Europa, Firenze, 1969 (contributions dealing with Yugoslav cultural, political and legal history)<br>
2. Encyclopedia of Private Law, Belgrade, 1981<br>
3. One of seven main redactors of Serbian Encyclopedia by Serbian Academy of Sciences and Matica Srpska (covering: political sciences, law, sociology, economy, trade and commerce – in preparation). Now one of 31 redactors covering Law and Political sciences.
Selected articles.
1. O nekim problemima ugovora o zajmu u na_em gradjanskom pravu, Arhiv za pravne i dru_tvene nauka, 1964, str. 205 – 215.<br>
2. ________ ______ _____ ______ ________, _____ _______ _________ _ ________,<br>
3. O nastanku zajma i kamata, Zbornik posve_en Albertu Vajsu, 1966, str. 103-110.<br>
4. Quis erat Gaius ? Anali Pravnog fakulteta u Beogradu, 1970, br. 1, str. 82 - 93<br>
5. Quelques observations sur le pret dans les droits primitifs, Studi Volterra, Naples 1970 <br>
6. Arbeiten an die Kodifizierung des Burgerliches Rechts in Jugoslawiens, Ost-Europa Recht, 1970 <br>
7. Zajam u Skici za zakonik o obligacijama prof. Mihaila Konstantinovica, 1972, br. 1-3, str. 509 - 525<br>
8. Rimsko i anglosaksonsko shvatanje svojine, Anali Pravnog fakulteta, 1972, br. 5 - 6, str. 843 – 857<br>
9. “Gaius noster ‘ o imenu pisca najstarijeg udzbenika prava, Anali Pravnog fakulteta, 1973, br- 6, str. 59-66<br>
10. _ _______ ____ Rerum cottidianarum sive aurerum libri VII, _____ _______ _________, 1983, __.1-4, p. 639-652 <br> 
11. Da Spartaco ad Augusto, Atti dell’Academia Costantiniana, Perugia, 1986, p. 364-371<br>
12. Gaius et les Romanistes, Studi Guarino, 1987 p.<br>
13. La protezioni dei poveri: influsso del cristianesimo o politica antifeodale? Atti dell’Accademia romanistica Costanitinana, VII, 1989, p. 495-500.<br>
14. Laesio enormis e colonato tardo-romano, Atti del’ Accademia Romanistica Costantiniana, VIII, 1990, p. 217 –226<br>
15. _________ _______ – __________ ___________ __________ _________, ______ ______, 1990, __. 3. ___. 529-533.<br> 
16. Roman Law and Common Law – a different Point of View, Loyola Law Review, 1990, br. 2, p. 269 - 274.<br>
17. Gaius and Pomponius – Notes on David Pugsley, Revue Intern. Des Droits de l’Antiquite, p. 333-356<br>
and some 30 other articles.
Congresses.
- Congress Le Droit Pharaonque, Bruxelles, 1982<br>
- Da Roma a terza Roma, Rome, 1986, Moscow, 1996 and Novi Sad, 2003;<br>
- More than ten congresses of the Societe International de l’Histoire des Droits de l’Antiquite (Trieste, Bruxelle (twice)s, Amsterdam (twice), Perpignan, Padova, New Orleans, Madrid, Exceter, Namur, Kavala - Greece). On most of those with a communication. At last six, president of the session. At the last one on which participated in Exciter, the president of the Séance de cloture. This Societe is publishing the famous review Revue Interantionale des Droits de l’Antiquite on which Obrad was the member of the Comite scientifique (the only one from Central and Eastern Europe) <br>
- In three occasions, twice with a communication at the sessions of the Accademia Costantiniana di Perugia.
Publishing activity.
-Director of the Center for Publication of the Law School<br>
-One of the three editors of the book edition ‘’Nomos’’ (Nolit)<br>
-Member of the editorial board for the edition Prominent Law Scholars in Yugoslavia (Sluzbeni list)
Publications on the University reform.
-University Reform as Aporia, (Gledišta)<br>
-Law Studies in USA, (Anali Pravnog fakulteta)
Law Practice.
President of the Court of Chamber of Commerce (Sud Časti) of Belgrade (1978-1980)
Activity in Rhetorics and Debate.
- As the Dean of Law School introduced a contest for students in rhetoric in 1993. Since that year it has become a tradition of the Law School, except in the period of political oppression 1998-2000. He also recommended to other Law Schools in the region to organize the same kind of student competition (which most of them accepted).<br>
- During his deanship the course of Rhetoric was added to the curriculum of the Law School.<br>
- Three times the judge in the Moot Court competitions at Loyola of New Orleans.<br>
- Twice the judge in the Philip Jessup competition (Tulane Law School, 1995, Loyola 2003).<br>
- Director of the Center for Rhetoric (Institutio Oratoria) at the Law School of Belgrade University, which is organizing competition in Rhetoric each year (the most important such event in Serbia).
Other Professional Activities.
-Member of the Conseil Scientifique of the Revue Internationale des Droits de l’Antiquite, Brussels- RIDA <br>
-Referee for scholarships offered by NYU (New York) for some time, now for Summer Programs of Aegean Institute (Rhode) and Tulane Law School (New Orleans) held on the Island of Rhode (Rhodos) and Spetses (Greece).

</doc>
<doc id="19046042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046042" title="Ludwig Dupal">
Ludwig Dupal

Ludwig Dupal (born 17 April 1913), aka Louis Dupal, Ladislav Dupal or Ludwick Dupal, is a former footballer and football manager from Czech Republic. He was born in Dubany.
He played for SK Bata Zlin, FC Sochaux-Montbéliard and RC Besançon. After his playing career he became a coach in France, Switzerland, Belgium and Tunisia.

</doc>
<doc id="19046051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046051" title="Cecilioides acicula">
Cecilioides acicula

Cecilioides acicula, common name the "blind snail" or "blind awlsnail", is a species of very small, air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ferussaciidae.
This is a subterranean species.
Description.
This animal is white, there are two pairs of tentacles, but eyes are lacking. 
The shell is long and narrow, up to a maximum of 5.5 mm and a width of 1.2 mm. The shell is colorless, glassy and transparent when it is fresh, a somewhat opaque milky-white when it is not fresh.
Habitat.
The habitat of this species is underground, quite some distance below the surface. It is more common in soils with a high level of calcium.
Because of its subterranean habitat, this species is often found only as an empty shell, in such places as mole hills, ant hills, or in flood debris of rivers.
Distribution.
Distribution of this species is central European and southern European.
This species native range is Mediterranean Europe, specifically (Spain, …), Western Europe (Great Britain and Ireland, Netherlands, …) and Central Europe (Czech Republic - least concern (LC), Poland, Slovakia, Ukraine …).
It has also been accidentally introduced to several other countries:

</doc>
<doc id="19046060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046060" title="George More O'Ferrall">
George More O'Ferrall

George More O'Ferrall (born 4 July 1907, Bristol, England, UK — died 18 March 1982, Spain) was a British film and television director.

</doc>
<doc id="19046062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046062" title="Alias Nick Beal">
Alias Nick Beal

Alias Nick Beal (British title: The Contact Man) is a 1949 film retelling of the Faust myth directed by John Farrow and starring Ray Milland, Audrey Totter and Thomas Mitchell (although third-billed, Mitchell plays the leading role). The picture is also known as Dark Circle, Strange Temptation and Alias Nicky Beal.
Plot.
The story picks up as Frankie Faulkner fails in his attempt to blackmail the district attorney, Joseph Foster, into letting his boss, Hansen, free of the charges against him.
Frankie then goes on to recruit young Larry Price, a criminal in the making, to join the boys' club led by Reverend Thomas Garfield, for which Frankie is a sponsor.
Joseph is very keen on convicting Hansen for his crimes. He tells the reverend that he literally is prepared to "sell his soul" to get the job done. Later, Joseph is contacted by a man called Nick Beal, who wants to meet him at a dodgy café by the waterfront, called the China Coast.
Nick, who is really the Devil disguised as a man, delivers Hansen's accounting books to the overjoyed Joseph. After this, Hansen is convicted of his racketeering crimes. Joseph feels guilt over having accepted the books from the stranger, and tells his wife Martha about the meeting.
Soon Joseph's name comes up among his friends, including the reverend, Paul Norton and Judge Hobson, as a candidate for the governor's seat. Then Nick reappears and mysteriously gives Joseph a check on $25,000 to use for his election campaign. Joseph accepts the check, but starts to realize there is something fishy going on. Martha is upset when she hears about the check.
Nick hires a woman prostitute, Donna Allen, to work for him, giving her fancy clothes and a spacious apartment. She then visits the boys' club posing as a contributor to the campaign.
With Donna by his side on the campaign, Joseph turns into a greedy and egotistic man, far from his initial ideals and principals. To get what he wants he is now prepared to make a deal with Frankie. Martha is appalled by his new behavior and they start to drift apart. Nick makes Donna try to seduce Joseph, but at the last minute she gets cold feet and tries to escape, leaving town. She doesn't get away, but is stopped by Nick.
Eventually Joseph wins the election but is now too corrupted to win the sympathy and support of his old friends. The reverend still shows his support for Joseph and suspects that he has been duped by the Devil.
When Joseph realizes he has been tricked by the devil, he tries to get back on terms with his estranged wife, and she suggests they sell the house to pay Nick back. Nick counters by implicating Joseph in the murder of Hansen's bookkeeper, Finch, whose body has just been found. Nick plants a pipe belonging to Joseph on the dead body.
Nick suggests they make a deal, where Joseph will be cleared of suspicion if he gives Nick the state seal. If not, Nick threatens to let Joseph rot away on the island of lost souls. Joseph says yes to the proposition, but has no intention of fulfilling the deal. He resigns as governor and pleads guilty to fraud regarding the evidence against Hansen.
Nick summons Joseph to a new meeting at the café. The reverend tells Joseph that he is no longer bound by the terms of the deal, since he has freed himself from sin by confessing and resigning.
When Joseph tries to go home instead of the café, Nick takes control of the taxi he is riding and makes him come down to the waterfront. He is followed by Martha and the reverend, who attend the meeting. The reverend drops his bible on the contract, and when it is later put between the bible pages, Nick is overpowered by the force of God and flees the scene. Martha and Joseph then reconcile and go back to their ordinary life.
Critical reaction.
A 1949 review of the film in the "New York Times" notes that, "Due to the fine acting and the wily direction, the story plays exceptionally well, but the script tends to be somewhat wobbly and indecisive upon reflection."[http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/review?res=9406E2D61F38E23BBC4852DFB5668382659EDE] Film4 commented on the leading man's performance, "Milland is outstanding as the personification of evil - a talent often obscured by his charm and early juvenile good looks."
Notes.
A 35mm print recently struck from a studio vault print was exhibited at the Museum of Modern Art on November 2, 2013. As of that date, the film could not be shown on television or released as a DVD due to legal complications and could only be seen during individual theatrical exhibitions of that print.

</doc>
<doc id="19046064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046064" title="Dobroń">
Dobroń

Dobroń is a village in Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dobroń. It lies approximately west of Pabianice and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19046084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046084" title="Ranks of Bronze">
Ranks of Bronze

Ranks of Bronze is a science fiction novel by David Drake.
Plot summary.
A defeated Roman legion is sold into slavery to alien traders seeking low tech soldiers to be used in conflicts to secure trading rights on alien planets. Their new masters soon learn that the Romans are the best low tech fighters that can be found. Given their worth as soldiers and success on the battlefield, the Romans' alien masters provide them with everything, including near immortality. However, the Romans want only one thing, and that is to go home.

</doc>
<doc id="19046085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046085" title="Thomas Cass (colonel)">
Thomas Cass (colonel)

Colonel Thomas Cass (1821 – July 12, 1862) founded and was commander of the 9th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry of the Union Army, which saw extensive service in the American Civil War. Cass was wounded at the Battle of Malvern Hill and died shortly after from his wounds in Boston, Massachusetts. A memorial statue to him stands in the Boston Public Garden.
Early life.
Colonel Cass was born in Ireland, in Farmly, Queen's County in 1821, and moved to America with his parents, landing in Boston. They settled in the North End of Boston, and after a few years at school, he learned the currier's trade. Later, he joined his father in business, became well known as a businessman in the North End, and served with ability on the school committee.
He was an active member of the Columbian Artillery, Co. B., Fifth Regiment Artillery, M. V. M., and advanced through all the grades in his company to that of captain.
Service with the 9th Regiment.
Establishment.
The Ninth Regiment was created on June 11, 1861 under the command of Colonel Cass in Boston, recruiting primarily Irish-Americans. Initial funding for the regiment came from Patrick Donahoe, publisher of the "Boston Pilot". Initially bivouacked at Boston's Faneuil Hall, they later camped at Long Island in Boston Harbor.
Potomac duty.
On June 30, 1861, the unit arrived in the Washington, D.C. vicinity and was welcomed by President Abraham Lincoln. They remained in the vicinity of Arlington, Virginia performing picket duty and built a fort on the Potomac River named Fort Cass after their commanding officer. As a unit of the Army of the Potomac under the command of Major General George B. McClellan, the Ninth Regiment moved south with the rest of the Army in pursuit of Confederate forces.
Battle of Mechanicsville.
On June 26, 1862 the Ninth Regiment participated in the Battle of Mechanicsville, about six miles from Richmond Virginia, which resulted in a Union Army victory and more than 2,000 Confederate casualties. The next day, the regiment was assigned to hold the bridge over the mill creek in the action that later became known as the Battle of Gaines Mill. The regiment was ordered to hold the bridge pending the arrival of two supporting regiments. The support troops were delayed in their arrival, and the Ninth Regiment successfully repelled several Confederate assaults on the bridge. The supporting troops eventually arrived, but by this point the opposing forces had built their strength and the Ninth was unable to hold the bridge any longer. Eventually, Confederate forces led by General James Longstreet and General Ambrose Powell Hill, broke the Union line, forcing the Union Army into retreat. The Ninth Regiment brought up the rear of the retreat, fighting a rearguard action against the opposing forces. The Union Army lost 6,000 killed or wounded in this battle and the Ninth Regiment’s casualties totaled 252 men.
Wounded at Malvern Hill.
The Ninth Regiment participated in the Battle of Malvern Hill on July 1, 1862 as part of the Peninsular Campaign waged by the Union Army intending to capture the city of Richmond, Virginia. The Ninth Regiment held the hill and prepared it to withstand a siege by the Confederate Army. Supported by five Union gunboats on the nearby James River, and benefiting from favorable geography and extensive defensive preparations, the Union Army withstood repeated charges and inflicted heavy casualties on the Southern forces. It was in this battle that Colonel Cass received the mortal wound in his face and mouth that eventually took his life. When Colonel Cass fell in battle, command of the Ninth Regiment was assumed by Acting Lieutenant Colonel Hawley and Cass was removed from the field. Colonel Hawley was subsequently wounded in the same action, and command fell to Acting Major, Captain O’Leary. The unit’s casualties were very heavy; along with losing their two top commanders, roughly half the regiment was put out of action, totaling 166 men.
Death and burial.
The Ninth Regiment was assigned a camp-ground at Harrison's Landing, and on 4 July 1862, General McClellan reviewed the army. On 8 July 1862, President Lincoln made a visit to the camps, and reviewed the army by moonlight. He died in Boston, July 12, and his funeral was attended by Lieutenant-Colonel Guiney, Major Hanley, and other men of the Ninth who were home on sick leave. About this time, the men of the Ninth Regiment heard of his death. Colonel Cass was buried with military honors at Mount Auburn cemetery, and his widow and children were the chief mourners.
Memorial.
Some years after Col Cass' death, a memorial statue of him was placed in the Boston Public Garden. It was, however, so roundly criticized for its lack of artistic merit that the Society of the Ninth Regiment commissioned sculptor Richard E. Brooks to create a new bronze statue of the Colonel. The new monument was unveiled on September 22, 1899. Brooks received a gold medal for the statue underscoring the improvement on the original. This statue may be seen today on the south walk of the Public Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="19046091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046091" title="Two Crowded Hours">
Two Crowded Hours

Two Crowded Hours is a 1931 British comedy drama film directed by Michael Powell. It was made as a Quota quickie and is the first film where Powell is credited as the director.
Plot.
A murderer is on the run from prison and is out to get everyone, especially the girl (Jane Welsh), who put him there. The detective (John Longden) gives chase with the help of a London cabbie (Jerry Verno) who has aspirations of becoming a policeman himself.
Production.
Michael Powell's first feature as director, "Two Crowded Hours" was produced by Jerry Jackson for the Film Engineering Company and distributed by the British arm of Fox Pictures. With accomplished players John Longden (star of "Blackmail") and Cockney character actor Jerry Verno, shooting was completed in 12 days in April 1931 in and around London's Soho. "It was played for laughs and thrills", Powell said, "and we were paid £1 per foot by Fox. We got £4,000 on delivery so obviously we had to make it for £3,000". Although a few stills survive, there is no known print of "Two Crowded Hours" in existence.
Subsequent History.
"Two Crowded Hours" has been declared to be "Missing, Believed Lost" by the British Film Institute. It is currently listed as one of their "75 Most Wanted" lost films, along with two later Powell films "The Price of a Song" (1935) and "The Man Behind the Mask" (1936).

</doc>
<doc id="19046156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046156" title="Kolonia Wola Zaradzyńska">
Kolonia Wola Zaradzyńska

Kolonia Wola Zaradzyńska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ksawerów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Pabianice and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19046159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046159" title="Ksawerów, Pabianice County">
Ksawerów, Pabianice County

Ksawerów is a village in Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ksawerów. It lies approximately north of Pabianice and south of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 3,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19046161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046161" title="Nowa Gadka">
Nowa Gadka

Nowa Gadka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ksawerów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19046164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046164" title="Wola Zaradzyńska">
Wola Zaradzyńska

Wola Zaradzyńska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ksawerów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Pabianice and south of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 450.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19046173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046173" title="Hospitality (disambiguation)">
Hospitality (disambiguation)

Hospitality refers to the relationship between a guest and a host, wherein the host receives the guest with goodwill.
Hospitality may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19046182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046182" title="Bayi">
Bayi

Bayi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19046201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046201" title="Jorge Salcedo (actor)">
Jorge Salcedo (actor)

Jorge Salcedo (June 2, 1915 – April 12, 1988) was a popular Argentine actor of radio, television and feature films, who appeared in film between 1941 and 1980.
He made over 40 film appearances in Argentina playing lead roles in films such as the 1949 Hardly a Criminal and "Los Evadidos" (1964) for which he won a Silver Condor for best actor. For a time, he served as the president of the Argentine Actors Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19046202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046202" title="Robert Davison">
Robert Davison

Robert Davison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19046203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046203" title="Virginia's 7th congressional district election, 2008">
Virginia's 7th congressional district election, 2008

The Virginia 7th congressional district election, 2008 was held on November 4, 2008. This was the same day as the United States presidential election, 2008. 
The 7th District includes western parts of Richmond, as well as its nearby suburbs in Henrico County, but otherwise is largely rural. CQ Politics rates the seat "Safe Republican". The "Cook Political Report" rates it "Solid Republican".
Candidates.
Republican.
Incumbent Eric Cantor was the Republican nominee. He has held the seat since January 2001, having won in the U.S. House Elections of 2000 to succeed retiring Congressman Thomas J. Bliley, Jr.. Cantor won the district in 2006 by 64% to 34%. Eric Cantor won the election, keeping this seat under republican control. 
Democratic.
Anita Hartke was the Democratic candidate. Mrs. Hartke, 48, is a resident of Amissville, Virginia in Culpeper County, though the town is primarily located in neighboring Rappahannock County. She is the daughter of the three-term US Senator from Indiana, Vance Hartke. Her stated positions include improvements on the National Energy Policy by investing in alternative energy in order to reduce the use of foreign oil and fossil fuels. She believes that this would create more jobs that could not be outsourced while simultaneously fighting global warming. She also supports universal health care. Concerning the Iraq War, Hartke supports a gradual withdrawal of troops, stating that a brigade should be brought home every month. She supports reform of the controversial No Child Left Behind Act and increasing funding to the public school system. She also hopes to end student college loan rates in excess of 20%.

</doc>
<doc id="19046217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046217" title="Paul Curran (director)">
Paul Curran (director)

Paul Curran (born 1964) is a Scottish opera director. He was General Manager (Artistic Director) of the opera company of the Norwegian National Opera and Ballet (2007–2011), and artistic consultant to Central City Opera of Denver, Colorado.
Early life.
Curran was born in Maryhill, Glasgow. At the age of five, he was rehoused with his family to Easterhouse. He played clarinet in the Glasgow Schools Orchestra, and saw his first opera (Scottish Opera's production of "Wozzeck") in 1980.
The following year, his parents discovered that he was gay and threw him out. He went to London, where he trained as a ballet dancer at the London Studio Centre and the Central School of Ballet before studying with Sulamith Messerer. He worked for a time as an usher at English National Opera during the period when Lord Harewood, Mark Elder and David Pountney formed the artistic management of the company.
Curran spent two years at the ballet school of the Finnish National Opera and then three years as a professional dancer with Scottish Ballet and in Germany. A hip injury terminated his ballet career, and he worked as an interpreter and stage manager before, at the age of twenty-seven, entering the National Institute of Dramatic Art in Sydney to study directing.
Career in opera.
After graduating, Curran worked for two years as an assistant to Baz Luhrmann on his production of Benjamin Britten's "A Midsummer Night's Dream" which visited the Edinburgh International Festival in 1994. As well as taking over responsibility for reviving this production, he assisted on other productions and worked as an interpreter. In the latter capacity, he encountered Valery Gergiev when the Kirov Opera visited Edinburgh in 1995, and was engaged to restage "Prince Igor" for a gala performance in the Royal Albert Hall. In the same year, he made his debut as an independent freelance opera director with an open-air "Magic Flute" for Bloomsbury Opera.
Curran's subsequent opera productions have included:
Curran has also directed the musicals "Man of La Mancha" and "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum" for the Covent Garden Festival
Forthcoming productions include "Lulu" for Chicago, "Il trovatore" for Bilbao, "I puritani" in Bologna and "Peter Grimes" in Oslo and at Washington National Opera.

</doc>
<doc id="19046219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046219" title="Rob Johnson (soccer)">
Rob Johnson (soccer)

Rob Johnson (born February 10, 1973) is an American former professional soccer player who is now an assistant coach with the Temple University's men's soccer team.
He attended Jackson Memorial High School in Jackson Township, New Jersey, graduating from the school in 1990. At Jackson, he also competed in track and field athletics, with his best efforts in high school including running the 40 yard dash in 4.4 seconds, a long jump of 21 feet 6 inches and a high jump of 6 feet eight inches. Johnson was a two-time state champion in wrestling and was recognized with all-state honors during his senior year in both wrestling and track and field. In 1999, he was named by "The Star-Ledger" as one of the top ten New Jersey high school soccer players of the 1990s. Johnson was one of four of the "Star-Ledger"'s top 10 players of the 1990s who played for the New York/New Jersey MetroStars/Red Bulls, joining Claudio Reyna, Petter Villegas and Billy Walsh.
Johnson played college soccer at Rutgers University. Johnson scored 35 goals and 20 assists in his four seasons at Rutgers, with his 90 points ranking him 6th all-time at Rutgers. He scored 13 goals and nine assists as a freshman, and followed that with 13 goals and seven assists in his sophomore year, leading the team to the NCAA tournament semifinals in 1994.
He played for the New York/New Jersey MetroStars in the 1996 season after being recalled from the North Jersey Imperials. In his three seasons with the MetroStars (mostly in 1996, plus two games in 1997 and a single game in 1999), he scored four goals and had three assists. He played his first game with the team on June 19, 1996, a scoreless tie against the Dallas Burn (now known as FC Dallas). His first goal came on July 24, 1996, the game winner for the MetroStars in a 1-0 victory over the San Jose Clash (now the San Jose Earthquakes). He played in three playoff games with the MetroStars in 1996.
Johnson had been a head coach at Gloucester County College and is now an assistant coach at Temple University.

</doc>
<doc id="19046225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046225" title="Beyi">
Beyi

Beyi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19046267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046267" title="Quilt Treasures">
Quilt Treasures

The Quilt Treasures Project is an oral history project that documents the stories of a number of notable individuals who were instrumental in moving the 20th Century Quilt Revival forward in some significant way. These individuals include:
Quilt Treasures seeks to make this documentary material available in two different kinds of media:
These Web portraits are intended for the use of researchers and students in the field of quilt history and have been featured in both scholarly publications, such as Uncoverings, the academic journal of the American Quilt Study Group, and popular magazines for quilters, including the Quilter's Newsletter. The project is a collaboration of the Alliance for American Quilts, the Michigan State University Museum, and .
Web portraits.
The Quilt Treasures Web portraits feature biographies and videotaped interviews, mini-documentaries, photos, a timeline of activities, bibliographies and other resources relating to each individual. Other components have been developed as needed based on the interviewee’s life and work. These components have included testimonies from friends and/or colleagues, exhibit histories, teaching portfolios, and poetry. Individuals currently documented with web portraits include:
Impact.
Many of the individuals documented as Quilt Treasures have had wide-reaching impacts not only within the quilting world, but beyond the field of quilting and quilt history. Cuesta Benberry, for example, was a noted scholar of African American history and culture. Scholars of oral history use the documentaries produced by this project to document and understand various aspects of American culture. One of the most popular min-documentaries, "On Pimento cheese sandwiches," provides insight into an aspect of Southern culture and foodways.
Quotes.
According to Alliance for American Quilts co-founder, Shelly Zegart: “Quilt Treasures are the special women and men who were key to the American quilt revival of the 1960s and 1970s, reawakening interest nationwide in the history, craft, and social and aesthetic value of quilts. They ensured the preservation and documentation of quilts through the state and regional quilt projects and they took quilting as a cultural expression to new heights. As creators, teachers, communicators, and links in a growing network, these ‘quilt treasures’ built an art form and an industry that today involves and touches millions of Americans. As these individuals began to retire from active involvement in the quilt world, an important piece of American social and cultural history was at risk of being lost.” (Zegart, 2003)

</doc>
<doc id="19046283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046283" title="Lavrovo">
Lavrovo

Lavrovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="19046284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046284" title="Pavel Plehve">
Pavel Plehve

Pavel von Plehve (1850–1916), a German officer, served exclusively in the Russian Army during World War I.
Military career.
After graduation from officers cavalry school Plehve served in uhlan regiment. In 1877 he graduated from the General Staff Academy. During the Russo-Turkish War Plehve served as a staff officer of the 13th corps, and after the war worked in the Bulgarian war ministry, returning to Russia in 1880.
During the peacetime Plehve raised through the ranks, commanding cavalry regiment (1890), Nicholas cavalry school (1895), 2nd cavalry division (1899) and Moscow military district (1909).
World War I.
He was given command over the Fifth Army which he led in the Battle of Galicia and the defence of Lodz.
The following year he switched command to the new Twelfth Army, which he led in the in Second Battle of the Masurian Lakes in February 1915 (where the Russian Tenth Army was defeated by the Germans). He subsequently returned to command of Fifth Army and, briefly, commanded the northern sector of the Eastern Front.
Plagued for years by his poor health Plehve was finally invalided out of the army in February 1916; he died later the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="19046285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046285" title="List of Russian football transfers summer 2008">
List of Russian football transfers summer 2008

This is a list of Russian football transfers in the summer transfer window 2008 by club. Only transfers of the Premier League are included.
Premier League.
FC Zenit St. Petersburg.
In:
Out:
FC Spartak Moscow.
In:
Out:
PFC CSKA Moscow.
In:
Out:
FC Moscow.
In:
Out:
FC Saturn Moscow Oblast.
In:
Out:
FC Dynamo Moscow.
In:
Out:
FC Lokomotiv Moscow.
In:
Out:
FC Amkar Perm.
In:
Out:
FC Khimki.
In:
Out:
FC Rubin Kazan.
In:
Out:
FC Tom Tomsk.
In:
Out:
PFC Spartak Nalchik.
In:
Out:
FC Krylia Sovetov Samara.
In:
Out:
FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok.
In:
Out:
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
In:
Out:
FC Terek Grozny.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="19046294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046294" title="Kalewal Fattu">
Kalewal Fattu

Kalewal Fattu is a small Indian village located in Hoshiarpur district. The Purewal clan can trace its origins to this village, among others.
This village was settled by Rai Singh Purewal. He named it Kalewal Fattu after his son Fateh Singh Purewal, that's why its called Kalewal Fattu, Fattu for Fateh.
Famous villagers include Major Dr. Madankirpal Singh Purewal, Major Dr. Naranjan Singh Purewal, Narinder Singh Purewal, Capt.Kuldip singh purewal, Kudan Singh Purewal, Paramjit Singh Purewal, Major Surjit Singh Purewal, Balbir Singh Purewal, Sarab Jit singh purewal, Manmohan singh Purewal, Satbir singh Purewal, Parvinderjit Singh Purewal, Varinderjit Singh Purewal, Sarvinderjit Singh Purewal, Mota Singh, Manbiar Singh Purewal, Tarsem sing purewal,Nirmal singh purewal,Gurmej singh purewal,Parkash singh purewal,Pakhar singh purewal,Lashkar Singh Purewal,Bacitar Singh Purewal,Chanan Singh Purewal,Andip Singh Purewal, Bobby Singh Purewal,Mandip Kaur Purewal, Manjit Singh Purewal, Nerinder Pal Singh Purewal, David Singh Purewal,Jasbinder Pal Singh Purewal.Son of and Grandchildren of and great grand children of Hajara Singh Purewal>(famous sportsmen of Kalewal fattu)
Surinderpal Thind is also a notable villager who lived in Kalewal Fattu. He later on emigrated to Canada where he runs a successful renovation business and has raised three children. His youngest son is in the slumdog gang of 123 street. Joga Singh is Surinder's younger brother who also lives in Surrey and is currently studying biology. 

</doc>
<doc id="19046295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046295" title="Sulmierzyce, Łódź Voivodeship">
Sulmierzyce, Łódź Voivodeship

Sulmierzyce is a village in Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sulmierzyce. It lies approximately east of Pajęczno and south of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19046299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046299" title="Harvard Papers in Botany">
Harvard Papers in Botany

Harvard Papers in Botany is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published twice a year, in June and December. It covers all aspects of plants and fungi including longer monographs, floristics, economic botany, and the history of botany.
Volumes 10 (2005) to present are available online at BioOne.

</doc>
<doc id="19046304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046304" title="Helsinki Workers' House">
Helsinki Workers' House

The Helsinki Workers' House, also known as Paasitorni, is a conference and congress centre of exceptional value in terms of its architecture and cultural history. The historic building is located in Hakaniemi, Helsinki, Finland. It was designed in Art Nouveau style by architect Karl Lindahl, opened in 1908 as conference and leisure premises for the working class, and for a long time, served actively as a workers' house. As a professional congress centre Paasitorni's functions have been developed since the mid-1990s. Today Paasitorni houses almost 30 spaces for meetings and events for 8–800 people, four restaurants (Paasiravintola, Paasin Kellari, Juttutupa and Graniittilinna) and hotel Scandic Paasi with 170 hotel rooms. A floating restaurant pavilion, Meripaviljonki, seating 200 is also being built in front of Paasitorni, by the Eläintarhanlahti bay. Meripaviljonki will be completed at the end of 2014 and opened for the spring season 2015.
History.
The imposing facade of castle-like Paasitorni is built in stone carved out of the bedrock where the building now stands, some of which was set aside at the farsighted suggestion of the original workmen and used in the extension completed in 1925. The granite facade with its high tower made it an eye-catching public building visible for miles. Sufficient granite was quarried to also build a wall encircling the outside space and pave the neighbouring street running down to the shoreline.
The oldest part of the Paasitorni building, completed in 1908, is late Art Nouveau in style. The building’s facade, main staircase and the Congress Hall are expertly decorated with images of tools and symbols depicting various occupations to highlight the skill of the craftsman. In the Finnish Civil War in 1918, the Reds made the building their headquarters, and the Germans who had come to the aid of the Whites and had conquered Helsinki, fired the Workers' House heavily. The tower and the Congress Hall were severely damaged and had to be rebuilt after the war. The Congress Hall’s Art Nouveau chandeliers dating back to 1919 were designed by Karl Lindahl.
In 1925 the Worker’s House gained a new granite-clad extension also designed by architect Karl Lindahl. The new extension incorporated the building’s current main entrance, the vestibule and the second floor restaurant. In terms of style, this section with its solid black pillars epitomises 1920s Nordic Classicism.
In the mid-1990s it was decided to commence restoring Paasitorni’s premises in keeping with the architect’s original plans. The premises were skilfully restored between 1996 and 2007. In 2010 Paasitorni was presented as a candidate Unesco World Heritage Site together with eight other important buildings in the labour movement. Paasitorni was found perfectly to meet Unesco’s criteria for a World Heritage Site in terms of authenticity and historical integrity. The main aim of the renovation work and new building work has been to retain the spirit of each of Paasitorni's historic periods.

</doc>
<doc id="19046309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046309" title="Old Town in the Green Groves">
Old Town in the Green Groves

Old Town in the Green Groves, by Cynthia Rylant, is a fictional midquel book based on some notes left by Laura Ingalls Wilder and a general knowledge about her life and the times. This book is not officially part of the Little House series, but describes the years between "On the Banks Of Plum Creek" and "By The Shores Of Silver Lake". 
This time period includes the birth of Freddy Ingalls on November 1, 1875 in Minnesota. Having endured several years of poor crops and mounting debts in Walnut Grove, the Ingalls family decides to sell their farm and move to Burr Oak, Iowa where Pa has a job offer to help to run a hotel in town. On the way to Iowa, they stay for some time with relatives in South Troy, Minnesota, where Freddy dies at 9 months of age on August 27, 1876. The family proceeds to Burr Oak, where they take up their jobs at the hotel. Grace Ingalls is born in Burr Oak on May 23, 1877. 
Finally, the Ingalls family recovers enough to move west once more, back to Minnesota, where "By the Shores of Silver Lake" begins.

</doc>
<doc id="19046310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046310" title="Paasitorni">
Paasitorni

Paasitorni, also known as the Helsinki Workers' House, is a conference and congress centre of exceptional value in terms of its architecture and cultural history. The historic building is located in Hakaniemi, Helsinki, Finland. It was designed in Art Nouveau style by architect Karl Lindahl, opened in 1908 as conference and leisure premises for the working class, and for a long time, served actively as a workers' house. As a professional congress centre Paasitorni's functions have been developed since the mid-1990s. Today Paasitorni houses almost 30 spaces for meetings and events for 8–800 people, four restaurants (Paasiravintola, Paasin Kellari, Juttutupa and Graniittilinna) and hotel Scandic Paasi with 170 hotel rooms. A floating restaurant pavilion, Meripaviljonki, seating 200 is also being built in front of Paasitorni, by the Eläintarhanlahti bay. Meripaviljonki will be completed at the end of 2014 and opened for the spring season 2015.
History.
The imposing facade of castle-like Paasitorni is built in stone carved out of the bedrock where the building now stands, some of which was set aside at the farsighted suggestion of the original workmen and used in the extension completed in 1925. The granite facade with its high tower made it an eye-catching public building visible for miles. Sufficient granite was quarried to also build a wall encircling the outside space and pave the neighbouring street running down to the shoreline.
The oldest part of the Paasitorni building, completed in 1908, is late Art Nouveau in style. The building’s facade, main staircase and the Congress Hall are expertly decorated with images of tools and symbols depicting various occupations to highlight the skill of the craftsman. In the Finnish Civil War in 1918, the Reds made the building their headquarters, and the Germans who had come to the aid of the Whites and had conquered Helsinki, fired the Workers' House heavily. The tower and the Congress Hall were severely damaged and had to be rebuilt after the war. The Congress Hall’s Art Nouveau chandeliers dating back to 1919 were designed by Karl Lindahl.
In 1925 the Worker’s House gained a new granite-clad extension also designed by architect Karl Lindahl. The new extension incorporated the building’s current main entrance, the vestibule and the second floor restaurant. In terms of style, this section with its solid black pillars epitomises 1920s Nordic Classicism.
In the mid-1990s it was decided to commence restoring Paasitorni’s premises in keeping with the architect’s original plans. The premises were skilfully restored between 1996 and 2007. In 2010 Paasitorni was presented as a candidate Unesco World Heritage Site together with eight other important buildings in the labour movement. Paasitorni was found perfectly to meet Unesco’s criteria for a World Heritage Site in terms of authenticity and historical integrity. The main aim of the renovation work and new building work has been to retain the spirit of each of Paasitorni's historic periods.

</doc>
<doc id="19046334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046334" title="Germán Barranca">
Germán Barranca

Germán Barranca Costales was a Major League Baseball player. He was born on October 19, 1956 in Veracruz de Ignacio de la Llave, Mexico and played second base. He was listed at 6 feet tall and 160 pounds. He made his major league debut on September 2, 1979 for the Kansas City Royals. He played 5 games that year and also played 7 games with the Royals in 1980. He also played for the Cincinnati Reds in 1981 and 1982. German played 67 games in Major League Baseball, the majority of them with the Reds in 1982 with 46. Barranca had just 13 career hits in 51 at bats (a .255 average). He also had 2 RBI and 2 stolen bases.

</doc>
<doc id="19046359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046359" title="Vacation (Young Jeezy song)">
Vacation (Young Jeezy song)

"Vacation" is the second official single from rapper Young Jeezy's album, "The Recession".
Background.
The song was released on August 12, 2008 on USDA2DAY.com as a countdown to "The Recession". Originally "Crazy World" was rumored to be the second single, but it was confirmed that "Vacation" would be the second single. He said that he chose "Vacation" as a single because "I need one, no one ever seen Jeezy have fun."
Music video.
The music video was shot in Miami and was directed by Gil Green. Cameos include Rick Ross and Triple C's, Blood Raw, Slick Pulla, Slim Thug, Trey Songz and more. In the video, Jeezy is shown having fun on the beach with the FBI spying on him. He is then shown driving a Ferrari F430 Spider. Later he is at a club, having fun until the FBI cuts in and arrests him. This scene is part of an actual investigation the FBI conducted pertaining to the Black Mafia that police felt Jeezy had ties to.
The video premiered on August 27, 2008 on BET.

</doc>
<doc id="19046365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046365" title="Bill Ware">
Bill Ware

Bill Ware III born William Anthony Ware III (b. January 28, 1959, East Orange, New Jersey) is an American jazz vibraphonist.
Musical career.
Ware played bass and piano early in his career, playing at the Harlem Jazzmobile. After spending several years playing Latin jazz, he formed his own Latin Jazz group, AM Sleep. He joined the Jazz Passengers in 1987, and in 1990 put together a group of sidemen as the Club Bird All-Stars, who accompanied him on a tour of Japan. Alongside this, he played with Groove Collective and Steely Dan in the first half of the 1990s. Later in the decade he teamed up with fellow former Jazz Passengers, Brad Jones and E. J. Rodriguez, in the ensemble Vibes. His 2001 tribute to Duke Ellington was recorded with Marc Ribot on guitar. Deborah Harry guested on his 2002 effort "Four". In the mid-2000s, Ware did several projects blending jazz with Western classical musicas well as 5 film scores (with fellow Jazz Passengers bandmate Roy Nathanson).
Biography.
■ 1977-82- Graduates Montclair State University Bachelor of Art in Music Theory
■ 1982-84
■ 1985-86
■ 1987-99
- Recorded 3 CD’s “Broken Night/ Red Light”,”Deranged Decomposed”, and “Plain Old Joe”.
- 3 month engagement at “Club Bird” in Yokohama, Japan.
■ 1991-95
- Appears on “Late Night with David Letterman” with Steely Dan.
- GC also recorded their 2nd release “We the People” (GRP records).
- Began a residency at the Knitting Factory Club’s “Tap Room” with his trio Vibes.
■ 1996-97
- Recorded/Produced first CD with trio self-titled “Vibes” (Knitting Factory records).
- Performed on John Lurie film score for “Excess Baggage” actress Alicia Silverstone’s first production.
- JP’s toured China and Europe extensively.
■ 1998-99
- Recorded/Produced CD “With Drawn” (Knitting Factory records).
- Toured Europe and U.S. with JP’s w/ Deborah Harry, Vibes
- Appears on “Late Night with Conan O'Brien”.
- Signed record deal and recorded 3 CD’s with GC “Dance of the Drunken Master”,”Declassified”, and “It’s All -in Your Mind”(2 Ware produced tracks) (Shanakie records).
- Recorded/Produced 2nd Eightball records CD “This is No Time...”
■ 2000-2001
- Extensive touring throughout USA and Europe w/Groove Collective
- Vibes-2 more CDs “Leibe Tunina”,”Vibes 4” (Knitting Factory)
- Solo/Duo - Y2 K Jazz Quartet CD “Keepin’ Up With the Jones’”, CD “Sir Duke” w/ Marc Ribot
- Orchestral work- commissioned work- Jazz Passengers w/ Deborah Harry and The Buffalo Philharmonic 9 original arrangement/orchestrations,1 concert conducted by Randall Craig Fleisher
- Completed 2 Symphonies (1) 3 movement,(1)single movement,
- Distinguishing shows-1 week at Sweet Basil w/ JP’s (singing selections from Keaton’s CD),
- Featured soloist on Joel Dorn production of Janis Siegel’s solo CD “I Wish You Love” (Telarc Jazz)
■ 2002- 2003
- Recorded on Elvis Costello’s Solo CD’s “North” and “When I was Cruel”
- Performance of “Imitation of a Kiss” 10 orchestral pieces w/Jazz Passengers, Deborah Harry and The BBC Concert Orchestra (Conducted by Robert Ziegler) at the Barbican Center in London, England
- Arranged and recorded 2 songs for producer Hal Wilner for Harold Arlen tribute movie featuring
- Completed Double Concerto for Vibraphone and Piano
- Co-wrote 3 movie scores w/partner Roy Nathanson (1) documentary “Chant of Paradise”dir.
- Co-composed & performed live film score w/film “Creature from the Black Lagoon” w/ The
- Completed 3rd Symphony (4 movements)
■ 2004 - 2005
- Co-wrote movie score w/partner Nathanson “Undefeated” for HBO movies. The directorial debut of actor John Leguizamo
- Invited by competition to reading session by the Minnesota Orchestras’ Composer Institute.
- Toured U.S. performing live film score “Creature from the Black Lagoon” w/ The Jazz Passengers
- Performed in “The Rock Concert” at the University of Wisconsin at Madison w/ The Jazz Passengers
- Recorded, co-produced, engineered, and performed on CD “A Bach Set” with Cellist Sara Wollan. This CD also included Bills’ arrangement for 13 pieces of the “Das Juengste Kind”, 2nd movement of “Symphonie der Familien”
- Performed at Brooklyn jazz hotspot “Zebulon” with legendary avant guard trumpeter /composer /conductor Butch Morris
- Began 2 residences; “Puppets Jazz Bar” in Park Slope Brooklyn w/ “Vibes” and “The Ace of Clubs”
■ 2006-2007
- Continued residencies at “Puppet’s Jazz Bar” and “The Ace of Clubs”
- Distinguishing shows: The Blue Note, The Jazz Standard, The Zinc Bar, Dizzy’s Room at Lincoln Center,
- Tours; Italy with JP’s, Japan with Teruo Nakamura and Tap dancer Kazu Kumagai/ Vibes.
- Produced/recorded “Paradise” track for Deborah Harry solo CD “Necessary Evil” (11-7 recording corp.)

</doc>
