<doc id="19031098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031098" title="Pakistani general election, 1977">
Pakistani general election, 1977

Pakistan General elections of 1977 were held in Pakistan on March 7, 1977 to elect the 200 parliamentarians (for both houses (Senate and National Assembly) for the Parliament of Pakistan. The general elections were the second elections held in the history of the country as well as the first after the dismemberment of the country. 
The elections resulted in out-sparked violence, civil disobedience and massive protests held by Avami National Party and her ally Pakistan National Alliance. Whilst negotiations between Bhutto and the Opposition where still going on, The elections invited the confrontation and intervention of Pakistan Armed Forces in national politics which led the ouster and dismissal of ruling prime minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto which led the end of his government in 1977. (see Operation Fair Play) The elections were also the last partisan elections until the parliamentary elections held in 1988 shortly after the death of President and military dictator General Zia-ul-Haq. Although, the third elections were also held in 1985 but were non-partisan elections which formed the technocratic government led by military-appointed Prime minister Mohammad Junejo but he was dismissed and ousted by then-President and military dictator General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq in 1988. Mr Bhutto decided to negotiate matters with the PNA. Negotiations began on June 3 and went through 13 rounds. A little before midnight on July 3 the two sides reached an agreement, leaving a few minor points for Mr Bhutto to consider and accept. During the day on July 4 he decided to accept all of the PNA’s demands. However, even though both parties agreed to hold fresh election, Zia Ul Haq overthrew the government. 
Motives and campaign.
The elections were held earlier than originally planned, and were expected to be held in the second half of 1977. However, on January 7, 1977, Bhutto appeared on national television, announcing the elections would be held earlier, and started his political campaign shortly after appearing on national television. On January 10, Election Commissioner of Pakistan Justice Sajjad Ahmad Jan announced the election schedule and declared January 19 and 22 as the last date for receipt of nominations for the Parliament and Provincial Assemblies, respectively.
Bhutto responded aggressively, immediately issuing party tickets to his workers. Unlike the 1970 elections, when Pakistan Peoples Party mainly banked on socialistic slogans, this time Bhutto also relied on political heavyweights, issuing tickets to feudal lords and other influential members. Bhutto himself held public meetings all over the country, and to get further support from the common man, he announced labor reforms on January 4, and on January 5, a second set of land reforms. The attendance in the public meetings was amazing in all parts of the country, especially in interior Sindh and Punjab. Bhutto's motives for holding elections earlier was that not to give sufficient time to the opposition in order to make decisions and arrangements for the forthcoming elections.
The PNA had became a biggest problem for Pakistan Peoples Party that was targeting peoples party on number of occasions. Throughout the elections, the PNA failed justify their plans for the country but instead targeted peoples' party, concentrating on misdeed, alleged corruptions (although there were no evidences that linked to Bhutto), financial mismanagement, heavy expenditures on administration and disastrous economic policies evidenced by inflation.
Electoral preparations.
The Election Commission entered the registry of 30,899,052 voters, commissioned two hundred and fifty five Returning Officers (RO) to manage voting system of the polling offices established in entire country. Surprisingly, the elections resulted the supermajority of Pakistan Peoples Party and Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, securing 155 seats out of 200
The result was a victory for the Pakistan People's Party, which won 155 of the 200 elected seats, including 19 that were uncontested as the Pakistan National Alliance boycotted the Balochistan elections due to ongoing military operations.
Outcomes.
On March 7, 1977, the Election Commission announced the result in which Pakistan Peoples Party won the largest landslide victory in Pakistan's electoral history, winning 155 out of 200 seats in the Parliament. . The Pakistan National Alliance (PNA) secured only 36 seats and eight seats on each of province's legislative assemblies, but the PNA had not contested all the seats some parties boycotting elections in parts of the country. The PNA failed to secure any seats from industrial cities such as Lahore, Karachi and Rawalpinidi, where the PNA had arranged the massive demonstration and big public gatherings and processions. These results were in stark contrast to the widespread predictions that although Bhutto would win the election, he would do so with a very thin margin, instead of a colossal one that the results suggested.
Overall, the PPP won 60% of votes, a supermajority in the parliament, voting figures showing the success of the peoples party candidates often surpassed the actual number that turned up for voting. In numerous constituencies in Punjab, where Bhutto faced the strongest opposition, Bhutto's candidates returned with over 95% of the vote. Observers noticed that in a polling offices were Alliance's candidates were strong, the polling was alleged to have been blocked for hour. Observers, both in national and international, quickly pointed out that the results in key constituencies were issued directly from the Prime Minister's office.
Popular unrest.
When the results were announced, a great ire on Bhutto was raised by Alliance's leader Abdul Vali Khan, accusing Bhutto for systematically rigging the elections. The Alliance boycotted the assemblies sessions, staging massive demonstration in the country. Vali Khan demanded immediate resignation of Bhutto, chief election commissioner, and as well as the government, proposing the idea of holding new elections under the supervision of Supreme Court of Pakistan. Bhutto refused the demands, Vali Khan and the Alliance decided to bring their party workers onto the streets, to break law deliberately, and to confront the police and the Federal Security Force, Bhutto's commissioned security forces. Alliance leaders called upon the people to stage countrywide strikes and organize protest marches. The followers fully responded to the call and a full-fledged political movement started, during this episode, the business community wholeheartedly joined Alliance. The Alliance used mosques and churches to stimulate the masses and tried to create an impression that they were only working for the enforcement of Nizam-i-Mustafa. They criticized the socialistic attitude of Bhutto and alleged that he had lost his faith in Islam. The ulema whipped up emotions for a Jihad to save Islam, which they thought was in danger from an evil regime. The bar associations across the country also began to register their strong protest against the electoral fraud and denounced the post-election policy of repression.
Economic Effects.
The Law and Order situation created by rioting by the PNA cost the economy $765 million and exports fell by 35%
Martial Law.
Bhutto used the force of repression to curbed down the Alliance but soon came to conclusion that it was not possible. Therefore, Bhutto tried to use the options of dialogue by holding talks with the Alliance leaders. The Alliance demanded the 50% representation in the government, release of their party workers and leaders, and demanded new elections before August 14. On July 4, 1977, then-director general of Military Intelligence Major-General Khalid Mahmud Arif revealed the military's plot to overthrow Bhutto, urging Bhutto to "rush the negotiations before its too late". The next day, Bhutto accepted all demands of Alliance and the stage was set for a compromise. Bhutto immediately traveled to Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates, further putting the negotiations behind and the Alliance termed his tour as "dilatory tactics". On July 5, 1977, Chief of Army Staff General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq, supported by Chief of Naval Staff Admiral Mohammad Shariff, imposed Martial Law and sent Bhutto behind the bars. Shortly, General Zia announced: "Had an agreement reached between the opposition and the Government, I would certainly never have done what I did...". Although his statement was dismissed by General Khalid Mahmud Arif in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19031099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031099" title="Allelic heterogeneity">
Allelic heterogeneity

Allelic heterogeneity is the phenomenon in which different mutations at the same locus causes a similar phenotype. For example, β-thalassemia may be caused by several different mutations in the β-globin gene.
Allelic heterogeneity should not be confused with locus heterogeneity in which a mutation at a different gene causes a similar phenotype.
Nor should it be confused with phenotypic heterogeneity in which a mutation within the same gene causes a different phenotype. 

</doc>
<doc id="19031106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031106" title="Warman, Minnesota">
Warman, Minnesota

Warman is an unincorporated community in Kanabec County, Minnesota, United States. The community is located north of Mora on Minnesota State Highway 65. In 1977, the Minnesota Department of Transportation estimated the population of Warman as 40 people.
Warman, in sections 5 and 6 of Peace Township, was named in honor of S. M. Warman, a granite quarry owner who was killed by the fall of a derrick. According to Upham, Warman opened a granite quarry in 1907, and on July 18 of that year, he and his wife, Sarah J. Warman, platted a village as Warman Creek on the west side of what now is Minnesota State Highway 65, while N. C. Pike of Pike-Horning Granite Company, on July 23, 1907, platted a village on the east side of the road calling it East Mora. Eventually, these two small, competing communities merged to form Warman. A post office operated from 1907 until 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="19031111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031111" title="Maximilian List">
Maximilian List

Maximilian List (February 9, 1910 – c. 1980) was an architect in Berlin who became an SS officer, involved in the operation of a number of Nazi concentration camps.
Maximilian List was born in Munich on February 9, 1910.
SS-Hauptsturmführer (Captain) List moved from the Neuengamme concentration camp to become the commandant of Lager Sylt, a labour camp on Alderney. He commanded SS-Baubrigade I, arriving on the island on February 23, 1943. The camp housed the foreign workers for the Organization Todt which was building fortifications on the island. List had a chalet built in the style of Adolf Hitler’s Berghof outside the camp perimeter, with an underground passage linking it with the camp. This building was later moved to another part of the island. List later took full control of another camp, Lager Norderney.
In June 1943, workers were being deported back to Neuengamme, probably to be exterminated, but fled, and a disciplinary enquiry against him took place in September 1943. To avoid a repeat of this, subsequently sick workers on Alderney were killed. List left the island in March 1944, replaced by SS-Obersturmführer Georg Braun.
After World War II a court-martial case was prepared against List, citing atrocities on Alderney. However, he did not stand trial, and is believed to have lived near Hamburg until his death in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="19031114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031114" title="Lamine Koné">
Lamine Koné

Lamine Koné (born 1 February 1989 in Paris) is a French football player of Ivorian descent who currently plays for French club FC Lorient in Ligue 1. He plays as centre back and is a French youth international having played at under-17, under-18, under-19, and under-20 level. Koné played with the latter team at the 2009 Mediterranean Games and the 2010 Toulon Tournament.
Koné began his career with local youth clubs in the Île-de-France region. In 2003, he joined second division club LB Châteauroux and, after three years in the club's youth academy, was promoted to the senior team for the 2005–06 season. Koné made his professional debut on 27 April 2007 in a league match against Montpellier. He spent three more years at the club amassing over 60 appearances. On 30 July 2010, Koné joined Lorient on a four-year contract. The transfer fee was priced at €1 million. He signed for three more years at 23 July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19031118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031118" title="Coin, Minnesota">
Coin, Minnesota

Coin is an unincorporated community in Kanabec County, Minnesota, United States. The community is located between Braham and Ogilvie. In 1977, the Minnesota Department of Transportation estimated the population of Coin as 10 people.
Coin is in section 35 of Brunswick Township, which earlier had a post office, 1898-1904. The name "Coin" was suggested by Ole E. Olson, the storekeeper and postmaster, during the William Jennings Bryan Free Silver debate.

</doc>
<doc id="19031121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031121" title="Harvey Christian Combe">
Harvey Christian Combe

Harvey Christian Combe (1752 – 4 July 1818) was an English Whig politician. He was the eldest surviving son of Harvey Combe, attorney, of Andover, Hampshire.
He was elected an Alderman of London in 1790 and Lord Mayor of London in 1799. He was appointed Sheriff of London for 1791-92. At the 1796 general election he was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for the City of London. He held the seat for 21 years, until he resigned from the House of Commons in 1817 by taking the Chiltern Hundreds. 
He died the following year, aged about 66. He had married his cousin Alice Christian, the daughter of Boyce Tree, corn factor, of London, with whom he had four sons and six daughters. In 1806 he had bought Cobham Park estate in Surrey where he lived until his death. The estate was left to his son Harvey Combe junior. 

</doc>
<doc id="19031123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031123" title="Slatter">
Slatter

Slatter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19031140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031140" title="The Cool World (novel)">
The Cool World (novel)

The Cool World is a novel published 1959 written by American author Warren Miller. Subsequent adaptations for a play and film of the same title were subsequently released in 1960 and 1964 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19031154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031154" title="No One Writes to the Colonel (film)">
No One Writes to the Colonel (film)

No One Writes to the Colonel () is a 1999 Spanish-language film directed by Arturo Ripstein. It was an international co-production between France, Spain and Mexico. It is based on the eponymous novella by Colombian author and Nobel Prize winner Gabriel García Márquez.
Awards.
The film was Mexico's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards, but did not manage to receive a nomination. It was also entered into the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19031162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031162" title="Pakistani presidential election, 2004">
Pakistani presidential election, 2004

Presidential elections were held by the Electoral College of Pakistan on 1 January 2004. Pervez Musharaf won 658 out of 1,170 votes, and according to Article 41 (8) of the Constitution of Pakistan, was "deemed to be elected" to the office of President until October, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19031163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031163" title="Atul Khare">
Atul Khare

Atul Khare (born in 1959) is a 1984 batch Indian Foreign Service officer.
Early life and education.
Khare obtained a master’s degrees in business administration and in leadership from the University of Southern Queensland, an advanced diploma (with distinction) in French from the Indian Defence School of Languages, a Bachelor of Medicine and a Bachelor of Surgery (with honours) from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences.
Career.
Khare started his career as an Indian diplomat in 1984. He has served in various capacities in the Indian foreign service, including as Deputy High Commissioner of India to Mauritius, Counsellor at the Permanent Mission of India to the United Nations in New York and Chargé d'affaires of the Indian Embassy in Senegal with concurrent accreditation to Mali, Mauritania, Gambia, Guinea Bissau and Cape Verde. He was Chef de Cabinet of the Foreign Secretary of India and of Director of the United Nations Division in the Ministry of External Affairs in New Delhi and served as Director of the Nehru Centre and Minister (Culture) of the High Commission of India in London since 2005. 
Besides his diplomatic career, Khare also acquired extensive experience in the United Nations. He served as Chief of Staff and later as Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General with the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor (UNMISET) from June 2002 until its completion in May 2005.
He was appointed by the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon as Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations. He replaces Edmond Mulet of Guatemala, who was appointed on 1 April 2010 as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Haiti for one year. 
Prior this appointment, Khare served with meritas the United Nations Special Representative for Timor-Leste and Head of the United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste(UNMIT). He was appointed to the position by UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan in December 2006.
Appointment as Head of Change Management Team of Reform at the United Nations.
On June 1, 2011 UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appointed Atul Khare of India to spearhead efforts to implement a reform agenda aimed at streamlining and improving the efficiency of the world body. Khare, will lead the Change Management Team (CMT) at the UN, working with both departments and offices within the Secretariat and with other bodies in the UN system and the 193 member states. The CMT is tasked with guiding the implementation of a reform agenda at the UN that starts with the devising of a wide-ranging plan to streamline activities, increase accountability and ensure the organization is more effective and efficient in delivering its many mandates.

</doc>
<doc id="19031183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031183" title="Billy Hill (band)">
Billy Hill (band)

Billy Hill was an American country music group founded by singer/songwriter/guitarists Dennis Robbins, Bob DiPiero and John Scott Sherrill, along with Reno Kling (bass guitar) and Martin Parker (drums). Before the group's foundation, Robbins had been a member of The Rockets (later The Detroit Wheels), and Kling played bass for Steve Earle. Sherrill and Robbins alternated as lead vocalists, but credited the frontman role to a fictional character named Billy Hill and wrote a biography on the character.
The band recorded one album for Reprise Records and charted two singles on the "Billboard" country charts. After disbanding in 1990, Robbins became a solo artist for Giant. DiPiero and Sherrill have continued working as songwriters.
"I Am Just a Rebel" (1989).
Personnel.
Compiled from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="19031198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031198" title="James Chadwick (bishop)">
James Chadwick (bishop)

James Chadwick (born at Drogheda, Ireland, 24 April 1813; died at Newcastle-upon-Tyne, 14 May 1882, and buried at Ushaw) was an Anglo-Irish Roman Catholic priest, and second Bishop of Hexham and Newcastle.
Life.
He was the third son of a gentleman of an old Catholic Lancashire family, John Chadwick, who had settled in Ireland, and an Irish lady, Frances Dromgoole. He was educated at Ushaw College from May, 1825, until his ordination as priest on 17 December 1836. He then was general prefect at the college for three years, after which he taught humanities until he was appointed professor of philosophy, a post he occupied for five years. 
In 1849 he became Vice-president of the college and professor of dogmatic theology. After a few months his health broke down, and he found the change he needed among a little body of secular priests who devoted themselves to preaching missions and retreats. In 1856 their house at Wooler was burnt, and Father Chadwick returned once more to Ushaw as professor of philosophy. 
From 1859 to 1863 he was chaplain to Lord Stourton, but again returned to Ushaw as professor of pastoral theology. He was fulfilling these duties when he was elected bishop of the diocese in 1866; he was consecrated 28 October in the college chapel by Archbishop Manning. For sixteen years he ruled the diocese and for one year during that time (1877) he also held the dignity of president of Ushaw, being the eighth in that office. 
Works.
His works include: 
and many pastoral letters.

</doc>
<doc id="19031204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031204" title="Besson MB.411">
Besson MB.411

The Besson MB.411 was a French two-seat spotter and observation floatplane, designed by Besson.
Development.
In 1932, Besson created the MB.410 by replacing the twin floats of the MB.35 with a single main float and two outrigger floats just inboard of the wingtips. The engine was cowled and fuselage streamlining was improved. The prototype was destroyed in a fatal accident during testing.
The French Navy required a spotter aircraft for its new submarine "Surcouf", and ordered a production version, designated "MB.411".
Operational history.
The first MB.411 served from September 1935, until the sinking of the "Surcouf" off the West Indies in February 1942. This is not true. In 1940, Surcouf was based in Cherbourg, but in May, when the Germans invaded, she was being refitted in Brest. With only one engine functioning and with a jammed rudder, she limped across the English Channel and sought refuge in Plymouth. Surcouf was being refit and the plane was not on board when the sub left Brest. It was still not aboard when they USN did work on the sub in New Hampshire after crossing the Atlantic before going to Bermuda then being sunk.
The second aircraft served the Aeronavale Escadrille 7-S-4 ar St Mandrier.

</doc>
<doc id="19031242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031242" title="Phantom Punch (film)">
Phantom Punch (film)

Phantom Punch is a 2008 film directed by Robert Townsend. The film is a biopic of Sonny Liston, with Ving Rhames in the lead role. The film also stars Stacey Dash, Nicholas Turturro, Alan van Sprang, David Proval, and Bridgette Wilson.
Music was composed by Stephen James Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="19031243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031243" title="United States presidential election in California, 1988">
United States presidential election in California, 1988

The 1988 United States presidential election in California took place on November 8, 1988 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Voters chose 47 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
California narrowly voted for the Republican nominee, Vice President George H. W. Bush, over the Democratic nominee, Massachusetts governor Michael Dukakis. Bush won 44 of the state’s 58 counties, but the election was kept close by Dukakis’ strong performance in the Bay Area and his victory in Los Angeles, the state’s most populated county. Also, Dukakis won at least 31% of the vote in every county and at least 40% in 40 of them.
As of 2013, this is the last time that the state of California has gone for the Republican candidate in a presidential election. Bush is the last Republican to carry the following counties in a presidential election: Imperial, Monterey, Napa, Sacramento, San Benito and Santa Barbara, and the last Republican to win any county in the Bay Area (Napa). Bush is also the last candidate from either party to carry California without winning Los Angeles County.

</doc>
<doc id="19031250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031250" title="Pietrowice, Opole Voivodeship">
Pietrowice, Opole Voivodeship

Pietrowice or Pietrowice Głubczyckie (, , 1936-1945 "Zietenbusch") is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. It lies approximately south-west of Głubczyce and south of the regional capital Opole.

</doc>
<doc id="19031265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031265" title="Alien abduction entities">
Alien abduction entities

Alien abduction entities are the beings alleged to secretly abduct and subject experiencers to a forced medical examination which often emphasizes their reproductive system. Mainstream scientists and mental health professionals overwhelmingly doubt that the phenomenon occurs literally as reported and instead attribute the experiences to "deception, suggestibility (fantasy-proneness, hypnotizability, false-memory syndrome), personality, sleep phenomena, psychopathology, psychodynamics environmental factors." Skeptic Robert Sheaffer also sees similarity between the aliens depicted in early science fiction films, in particular, "Invaders From Mars", and those reported to have actually abducted people. The first alien abduction claim to be widely publicized was the Betty and Barney Hill abduction in 1961, which featured diminutive, large-eyed beings who wore military-style uniforms.
Alleged motivations.
Experiencers sometimes claim to have been given information regarding the motivations and goals underlying the bizarre procedures of the abduction event by their alleged abductors. Dr. John G. Miller says that in the cases he's studied, abductees report that when they ask their captors why the invasive and humiliating medical procedures are being performed on them, the entity will often express sentiments like "We have the right to do this."
Author and ufologist Jenny Randles conducted a study focused on the motivations given by the abductors for the abduction phenomenon to alleged experiencers. Her study sampled about 50 abduction claims and found that in about 60% of the alleged cases, the abductors had offered the experiencer insight into their motivations for performing the abduction. She found that similar motivations were reported by abduction claimants irrespective to whether or not memories of the event were assisted by hypnosis.
Randles says that the reported motivation formed a loose narrative centered on long term surveillance and interaction. The entities target certain individuals for some unique quality and abduct them repeatedly. During the abductions information is supposedly being subconsciously implanted to be "activated" by the entities at some later time. This time is sometimes claimed to correspond to some major change on earth that the entities desire to assist us in dealing with. She notes that different types of reported entity are said to have differing motivations, with the "Nordic" type being more benevolent than the "Grays."
Types.
Sometimes a single abduction claim will report multiple types of entities appearing to work together cooperatively.
Reported technology.
Weapon.
According to Nick Pope's book "The Uninvited (book)", the Grey aliens use a device that is black, cylindrical, is the size of a US No.#2 pencil, has a bluish light on one end. It is used as a weapon on combative abductees to make them more compliant, by numbing the Will. It looks like a "Star Trek "phaser"" being fired, only that a bluish-white beam is being fired at the combative abductee.
Medical.
Linda Moulton Howe reported on a pencil-sized cylindrical device with a light on one end that has been independently reported in at least two alleged abductions. The device is apparently used in a manner analogous to a surgical scalpel by the alleged abductors. One alleged abductee claimed that when the device was used, the chest opened bloodlessly in "slow motion," and compared it to watching a flower blossom in time lapse photography. The claimant further described the device as "opening the body with sound."
Plausibility and veracity.
Hypnosis as an influence on abductor descriptions.
Regarding the various types of reported abducting beings, folklorist and abduction researcher Thomas E. Bullard says "The small showing for monstrous types and the fact that they concentrate in less reliable cases should disappoint skeptics who look for the origin of abductions in the influence of Hollywood. Nothing like the profusion of imaginative screen aliens appears in the abduction literature."
Bullard, in something of a concession to skeptics, has noted that the presence or absence of hypnosis as a method for memory retrieval in abduction claimants seems to affect descriptions of the abductors themselves. Hypnotically assisted recall is more likely to produce descriptions of the "standard" Grey humanoid while cases where hypnosis was "not" used "include more variety." However, rather than take a firmly skeptical position based on this observation, Bullard says "Whether hypnosis shapes and implants memories, or breaks through a surface screen memory to reveal the true appearance of the beings, remains a question in need of resolution."
Geography and culture as influences on abductor descriptions.
Although proponents have argued that there is a core narrative consistent across abduction claims, there is little doubt that variation occurs in the details of reports across cultures and geographic boundaries. The biology and attitudes of the abductors are points of drastic divergence between the home countries of different abduction claimants. Robert Sheaffer observes:
"In North America large-headed gray aliens predominate, while in Britain abduction aliens are usually tall, blond, and Nordic, and South America tends toward more bizarre creatures, including hairy monsters."
As noted above, the so-called grey aliens are most popularly associated with abduction reports. Again, however, this seems to be a North American paradigm best-known since the 1980s. On the contrary, some researchers (such as Kevin D. Randle in his 1997 book, "Faces Of The Visitors: An Illustrated Reference To Alien Contact") have noted a vast variety of alleged creatures have been reported in abduction accounts worldwide, with some of the alleged creatures not even described as humanoid.
Although in North America, "aliens" of extraterrestrial origin are the most commonly blamed in these incidents, in Europe and other parts of the world, the beings involved are as often perceived to be demonic or spiritual in origin. Common elements in the descriptions of abductions and visitations vary by region and local culture, with only a very few elements being the same worldwide, such as an otherworldly sensation, reports of mind control, repressed memories being rediscovered, and sexual experiences. These elements, and many aspects of what witnesses describe, are very common in old stories of encounters with faeries, demons, and other magical creatures.
In Brazil, there are strong links between the abduction phenomenon and spiritist traditions. Brazilian abduction researcher Gilda Moura reports that following an increase in spiritism in the 1980s, there was a surge in the popularity of "Spiritist Centers" where paranormal healings occurred that "involv actual surgical cutting".
These kinds of centers first appeared in the 1950s where claims of medical practitioners operating out "of a space laboratory" spread among the Brazilian population, especially among the spiritist community. Descriptions of these alleged healing experiences share much common imagery with the alien abduction and medical examinations reported in the anglophone world. Moura notes that the critical difference between Brazilian reports of spiritual space surgeons and "typical" abductions is that Brazilians perceive the phenomenon as "pleasant and spiritual" while abductees report "terror."
Science fiction as an influence.
Sheaffer also sees similarity between the aliens depicted in early science fiction films, in particular, "Invaders From Mars", and those reported to have actually abducted people. Commonalities exist in the appearances, behavior, technology and societies of fictional and allegedly real abductors. Furthermore, the contents and structure of the "abduction narrative" as outlined by researchers like Nyman and Bullard was already established in fictional form by 1930 in a Buck Rogers strip.
However, Bullard does not see evidence for influence on abduction claimants from science fiction sources. In an essay, Bullard writes that "The small showing for monstrous types and the fact that they concentrate in less reliable cases should disappoint skeptics who look for the origin of abductions in the influence of Hollywood. Nothing like the profusion of imaginative screen aliens appears in the abduction literature."

</doc>
<doc id="19031287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031287" title="Phantom Punch">
Phantom Punch

Phantom Punch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19031294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031294" title="Pietrowice">
Pietrowice

Pietrowice may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19031302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031302" title="Brazilian Shorthair">
Brazilian Shorthair

The Brazilian Shorthair is a breed of cat. It is the first cat breed from Brazil to receive international recognition.
Description.
The Brazilian Shorthair is a medium-sized cat of great agility. The breed can be distinguished from the American Shorthair by its sleek and elegant appearance. Yet, cats of the breed are not as thin as the Siamese. The coat is short and close to the skin and comes in a wide variety of colors and patterns. The space between the eyes should be equal to the size of one eye. Brazilian Shorthairs have dramatically expressive eyes. They are longer than they are tall. Males have bigger heads than females.
The Brazilian Shorthair Cat had its beginning when the engineer Paulo Samuel Ruschi, a cat breeder and founder of the first Cat Federation in Brazil and the first Cat Club in Rio de Janeiro, had the idea to transform certain cats found in the streets of Brazil into a purebred cat. He focused on the Iberian Peninsula cats, brought to Brazil by the Portuguese in their ships around 1500 A.D. From North to South of Brazil, commissions were created by Dr. Paulo Ruschi to study this animal in all of the country's parks and streets. After long years of experimental breeding program led by traditional breeders, the Brazilian Shorthair was finally approved by the World Cat Federation, with headquarters in Germany, as a Pure Breed cat. Nowadays, the Brazilian Shorthair cat can participate in contests all over the world.
Appearance.
Medium-sized and muscular body, yet elegant. Tail should not be broad at base, and should slightly taper in the tip. Brazilian Shorthair cats have a slightly curved profile and large, pointed ears, and large, rounded eyes with colour that resembles the coat colour. The coat is very short, silky and glossy and with no undercoat. People with allergies of cats suffer the least from this breed. Minimal brushing is acquired. Almost all colours are possible.
Temperament.
The Brazilian Shorthair is possible to be an indoor as well as an outdoor cat, and is keen on human contact. Very playful as a kitten. As they get older, they sober up a little, though they stay fairly active.
Origin.
Its origins can be traced back to the streets of Brazil. Since going from a feral cat to a purebred, this breed has changed dramatically. This is not the first breed to be developed from street cats, as the American Shorthair, European Shorthair, and American Keuda all show.
In 1500 A.D., when the Portuguese arrived in Brazil for the first time, they brought with them felines descended from the Felis Iberia, to protect food from rodents. Those cats represent the founding lineage of the beautiful, loving, healthy Brazilian Shorthair purebred cat.
History.
The breed had developed without rules or special cares; until, in the 1980s, Brazilian-born engineer Paulo Samuel Ruschi, a cat breeder currently living in New York City, started to settle the rules for the breed after deciding to study genetic and morphological aspects of the cats running in parks, gardens and streets of several cities in Brazil. He noticed that the country had unique cats - and yet, that those street cats had the same appearance and features. Those are the characteristics that define the Brazilian Shorthair cat. In 1998 the World Cat Federation, the largest Cat Federation in the world, gave a status of APPROVED BREED to the first and only Brazilian Recognized Purebred Cat, now with more than 10 generations of Pedigreed cats.
Breeders.
Engineer Paulo Samuel Ruschi was the founder of the first Brazilian Cat Federation, known as FBG - Federação Brasileira do Gato; founder of the first cat club in Rio de Janeiro, then named Clube Brasileiro do Gato do Rio de Janeiro; and the founder of 7 other cat clubs in Brazil. In 1988, Paulo Samuel Ruschi and his friend Anneliese Hackmann, from Germany, founded the WCF – World Cat Federation, at the time consisting solely of clubs created by the two of them, but now the largest federation in the world. The Brazilian Shorthair project is managed by the BSICS – Brazilian Shorthair International Cat Society, which has headquarters in New York City and is member of the WCF (whose President is Paulo Samuel Ruschi).
Several Brazilian Shorthair breeders have taken Paulo's creation to pursue the dream - now reality - of the unique Brazilian Shorthair as a purebred cat. One of the most important of those breeders is Mrs. Sylvia Roriz de Carvalho, a well-known veterinarian, painter and cat breeder, whose Cattery Syarte has been breeding the Brazilian Shorthair for more than a decade. Several other breeders followed in her footsteps. Now, in all WCF Cat Shows in Brazil, you can see Brazilian Shorthairs whose lineage traces back to several generations - not from feral cats anymore - competing side by side with other well-known breeds. The Brazilian Shorthair has been shown and cited by several magazines in many parts of the world, such as Japan, Germany, England, Australia, USA etc.
Despite this worldwide success, there are still very few Brazilian Shorthair breeders in its native country. The breeding of random street cats has been met with much opposition among animal rights activists and professional cat breeders. The United States currently has the largest population both of Brazilian Shorthair cats and their breeders.

</doc>
<doc id="19031316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031316" title="Big Brother Africa 3">
Big Brother Africa 3

Big Brother Africa 3 is the third series of the "Big Brother Africa" reality television show produced by Endemol. The series began airing on August 24, 2008 and run 91 days ending November 23, 2008.
As with the previous series, the show involves 12 countries within Africa (Angola, Botswana, Ghana, Kenya, Malawi, Namibia, Nigeria, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia & Zimbabwe) each producing a contestant living in an isolated house in Johanneburg, South Africa, while trying to avoid being evicted by viewers and ultimately winning a large cash prize at the end of the show. The show is filmed in a house at Sasani Studios in Lyndhurst, Johannesburg. This season marks the closest vote in the history of the Big Brother series in Africa.
Housemates.
Hazel.
Hazel Warren is the 25-year-old representative from Malawi. Hazel finished in second place on the 23rd of November 2008 (Day 91) after a close vote result between her and Ricco in which she received 38.60% of the vote to Riccos 38.80%. Early on in her stay Hazel became known as the house cook among her housemates even though according to a few of her housemates she had only mediocre cooking skills. Throughout her stay in the house Hazel became close with South African housemate Thami. She managed to avoid being nominated early on in the series (with exception of the fourth round of nominations) but towards the end of her stay in the Big brother house she was nominated three times in a row, during one of which she was up against Thami. Following Thami's eviction Hazel found herself outnumbered three-to-one and was nominated against Tawana in the final eviction of the season. To both her and Tawana's surprise Hazel survived.
Latoya.
Latoya Lyakurwa is the 21-year-old from Tanzania where she works as a secretary. She became the first evictee of Big brother Africa 3 on the 21st of September 2008 (Day 28). Latoya's stay in the Big Brother house was highlighted by her alternating of two male companions. She shared a bed with Ricco at night but was constantly seen attaching herself to Morris during the day. This led several housemates to remark how Latoya was "playing" both of them. Latoya stated several times, during a private conversation with Munya and while in the rubbish dump for a week with Tawana, that she did not care about how the guys were feeling as she was just having fun.
Lucille.
Lucille Naobes is the 21-year-old representative from Namibia. She became the second evictee of the show on the 28th of September 2008 (Day 35). Lucille was not initially nominated by the housemates for eviction, but ended up being placed for nomination by Takondwa who had been nominated but had Head of House privileges for that week, which meant he could replace himself with any of the housemate. The reason Takondwa gave was that he felt Lucille was the least likely housemate to get voted out by the viewers. Lucille stated in the post-eviction interview that she thought Takondwa was still suspecting her of stealing his cigarettes and that is the real reason he replaced himself with her. A highlight of the eviction was that Nigerian housemate Uti had a violent outburst when he learned that Lucille was to be evicted.
Mimi.
Wihelmina (Mimi) Abu-Andani is the 27-year-old representative from Ghana. She became the fifth evictee Big brother 3 Africa on 19 October 2008 (Day 56). She was notorious for her gossiping sessions with Ricco and Lucille. Towards the end of her stay Mimi was seen as overconfident, sometimes even cocky, by some of the viewers, as she stated many times that Africa would not vote her out.
Morris.
Morris Mugisha is the 29-year-old representative from Uganda. He became the seventh evictee of Big brother Africa 3 on 2 November 2008 (Day 70).
Munya.
Munyaradzi (Munya) Chidzonga is the 22-year-old representative from Zimbabwe. Munya finished in third place on the 23rd of November 2008 (Day 91). During his stay in the Big brother house Munya became romantically close with Botswana housemate Tawana. Midway through his stay Munya took part in a Big brother swap with Finnish housemate Johan. While in Finland Munya grew close to Finnish housemate Cheryll. Towards the end of his stay he became friends with Angolan housemate Ricco.
Munya competed as a contestant in Big Brother Africa 5: All-Stars in which he lasted 91 days and was runner-up in the final. He spent a combined 182 days in the Big Brother house.
Ricco.
Ricardo (Ricco) Venancio is the 21-year-old representative from Angola. Ricco was declared the winner of Big brother 3 Africa on the 23rd of November 2008 (Day 91) after a close vote result between him and Hazel in which he received 38.80% to Hazels 38.60%. Early on his stay in the house Ricco found himself attracted to Tanzanian housemate Latoya. Towards the end of his stay he found himself attracted to Botswana housemate Tawana, so much so that a night of drinking may or may not have led the two become closer. During his stay in the house Ricco also became friends with Munya as well as Mimi and Lucille.
Sheila.
Sheila Kwamboka is the 23-year-old representative from Kenya. She became the fourth evictee of Big Brother 3 Africa on the 12th of October 2008 (Day 49). She is a former beauty queen under the Kenyan Miss tourism title but she was dethroned due to controversies. Sheila will be remembered for her talkative attitude and entertaining personality as well as her relationship with Takondwa during her stay in the house and her bisexuality.
In 2010 Sheila competed as a contestant on Big Brother Africa 5: All-Stars and lasted until the final on day 91. She has spent a total of 140 days in the Big Brother house.
Takondwa.
Takondwa Nkonjera is the 25-year-old representative from Zambia. He became the sixth evictee of Big brother 3 Africa on the 26th of October 2008 (Day 63). While in the house Takondwa started a relationship with fellow housemate Sheila from Kenya. Takondwa also made many enemies in the house when during the second round of nominations he, as HOH, chose to replace himself who was already up for nomination with his friend and fellow housemate Lucille. Also while in the house Takondwa was up for nomination five times but was saved three of the times, twice by himself and once by fellow housemate Morris.
Tawana.
Tawana Lebale is the 31-year-old representative from Botswana. She became the ninth and final evictee of the season on the 16th of November 2008 (Day 84). Early on in her stay Tawana was fake evicted to the Big brother dump along with Tanzanian housemate Latoya after which she and Latoya were both up for eviction. Tawana managed to survive the first eviction and returned to the house. During the rest of her stay in the Big brother Africa house Tawana became romantically close with fellow housemates Ricco and Munya, but stated that she only felt feelings for Munya. She was not initially nominated for eviction in round nine of nominations but was selected by Munya to replace Ricco as the second nominee in the final eviction. Tawana caused a lot of controversy amongst fans of the reality show due to her sexual escapades with various housemates.
Thami.
Thamsanqa (Thami) Prusent is the 26-year-old representative from South Africa. He became the eighth evictee from Big brother 3 Africa on the 9th of November 2008 (Day 77). While in the house Thami started a relationship with fellow housemate Hazel from Malawi. Towards the end of the season both Thami and Hazel were nominated many times and in the eighth round of nominations they found themselves nominated against each other.
Uti.
Uti Nwachukwu is the 25-year-old representative from Nigeria. He became the third evictee of Big Brother Africa 3 house on the 5th of October 2008 (Day 42). During his stay Uti was known for often teasing his fellow housemates(mostly Mimi and Thami). During Namibian housemate Lucille's eviction Uti had a violent out burst upon learning that she had been evicted.
In 2010 Uti competed as a contestant in Big Brother Africa 5: All-Stars in which he lasted 91 days and ultimately won by defeating Munya is a final vote of 8 to 7. He has spent a combined total of 133 days in the Big Brother house.
Johan.
Johan, from Finland was swapped with Munya.
Nominations.
Each week housmates nominate two other housemates for eviction in the Diary Room and must give justified and clear reasons. The Head of House may be nominated for eviction as well. After the nominees are revealed to the House, the current Head of House can save a nominee for eviction including themselves if they are nominated and replace the saved nominee with another nominee. While this is revealed to the viewers, the House does not know of the decision until eviction night Sunday.
Voting.
Each eviction week viewers in the 12 participating countries vote to eliminate a housemate they do not like. The majority for each country will be counted as a vote. In addition to the 12 participating countries, all other countries not participating in the show can still vote for who they would like to eliminate. The "other countries" counts for the 13th vote.
Head of House.
The Head of House (or HOH) is a position in the house that gives one housemate each week special privileges over the other Housemates. It is a power similar to both the Head of Household and the Power of Veto used in the American, Brazilian and British version of Big Brother. During nominations the Head of House can be nominated for eviction by their fellow housemates. Then the Head of House can chose to save a nominee or save themselves from eviction and nominate a new housemate for eviction. While the decision is released to the public, the House will not know of the decision until Sunday, eviction night.
Nominations Table.
A record of the nominations cast, stored in a nominations table, shows how each Housemate nominated other Housemates throughout his or her time in the house. The Head of House can chose to save a nominated Housemate each week and nominate another Housemate to face the public vote. Twists to the normal nominations process are noted, such as immunity from nomination and eviction (referred to as "exempt").

</doc>
<doc id="19031329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031329" title="DualForce">
DualForce

DualForce is a version of a PlayStation 2 controller first available in 2000. It is a blue, red, or green controller that has grippers on the sides. It is made by MadCatz.

</doc>
<doc id="19031330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031330" title="Scratches in the Table">
Scratches in the Table

Scratches in the Table () is a 1998 Dutch film directed by Ineke Houtman. It was the Netherlands' official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards, but did not manage to receive a nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="19031357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031357" title="1891 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1891 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1891 was the fifth series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Kerry won the championship, beating Wexford in the final.
Teams.
A total of seven teams contested the championship.
The Leinster championship was contested by four teams: Dublin (Raparees), Kildare (Maynooth), Laois and Wexford (Crossabeg).
Three counties contested the Munster championship: Cork (Blackrock), Kerry (Ballyduff) and Limerick (Treaty Stones).
There were no provincial championships in either Connacht or Ulster.
Format.
Leinster Championship
"Semi-finals:" 2 matches) The four participating teams made up the semi-final pairings. Two teams were eliminated at this stage while the winning teams advanced to the Leinster final.
"Final:" (1 match) The two winning semi-finalists contested this game. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the All-Ireland final.
Munster Championship
"Semi-final:" (1 match) This was a lone semi-final between the first two teams drawn. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the Munster final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winning semi-finalist and the remaining team, who received a bye to this stage, contested this game. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the All-Ireland final.
All-Ireland Championship
"Final:" (1 match) The two provincial representatives from Leinster and Munster made up the two final teams with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19031379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031379" title="Symphony No. 14 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 14 (Haydn)

Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 14 in A major, Hoboken I/14, may have been written between 1761 and 1763.
Symphony No. 14 is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo. As was becoming more common for Haydn, this symphony has four movements:
The Andante was originally the finale of an early divertimento "Der Geburtstag" (en. "Birthday"), Hob. II/11. The variations of the divertimento are reworked into sonata form for the symphony.
The trio of the Minuet features an oboe solo accompanied by violins and cello.
The finale is highly contrapuntal and is based on a descending scale.

</doc>
<doc id="19031388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031388" title="Symphony No. 15 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 15 (Haydn)

Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 15 in D major, Hoboken I/15, may have been written between 1760 and 1763.
It is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo, with a solo for 2 violas or cello in the trio of the minuet. This symphony has four movements:
The opening movement is more similar to a baroque overture than sonata form though the movement still elludes either of these forms and has a unique character of its own. The movement begins with a light adagio with the first violins alternating with two horns while the rest of the string section accompanies in pizzicato. The Presto has two themes with distinct bridges between themes however it is difficult to define which section is the exposition, development and recaputulation, if in fact there even are such sections. The movement finishes with a modified version of the Adagio at the beginning of the movement.
The work is one of the few symphonies of the Classical era to place the Minuet second (others include Haydn's 44th and "B" as well as his brother Michael's 15th and 16th). The G major trio was likely played as a quintet focusing on a dialog between violin I/violin II and viola/cello played over a bass.
The slow movement is for strings and has one principle theme with several bridge motifs.
The final movement is a dance like presto in ABA form.

</doc>
<doc id="19031389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031389" title="Humanities Preparatory Academy">
Humanities Preparatory Academy

Humanities Preparatory Academy (also known as "Humanities Prep") is a public high school located in the Chelsea section of Manhattan in New York City, with an enrollment of 209. The school is noted for its diversity. Humanities Preparatory Academy sends over 90% of its students to 4 year prestigious universities and private schools. Founded as a program in Bayard Rustin, it became a school in 1997.
Humanities Prep is part of a consortium of 30+ schools that have been exempted from taking all but the English Regents Examinations. Housed in the Bayard Rustin Educational Complex, Humanities Prep offers very limited space, and admissions to the school is very competitive.The school currently occupies the third floor.
Humanities Prep is a small, community-minded New York City public school. Its heterogeneous classes and college preparatory curriculum feature performance based assessment and Expeditionary Learning. The schools student body is diverse in the ways New York City is diverse.
School history.
Founded as a program in Bayard Rustin, it became a school in 1997.
Academics.
Humanities students undertake a college preparatory curriculum which allows all of its students to choose the classes they want. Prep's educational mission is broad: The whole student is the subject. In contrast to the scope of this mission, however, Prep's courses are thematic and focused to facilitate deep investigations of self and world and the meaningful generation/acquisition of knowledge. Teachers and departments have autonomy in curriculum design. The small classes are heterogeneously grouped by ability and age and include special needs students, allowing for a student-centered pedagogy and the discovery of multiple intelligences. Prep teaching embodies the conviction that work is the basic medium of self-actualization and discovery. Self-reflection and revision are essential work habits, and primacy is placed on multiple drafts and critique. Students are required to pass the English, math, science, and history Performance Based Assessment Test with at least an 80. Unlike traditional public high schools from the state of New York, Prep does not take the Regents examination except the English Regent. The Performance Based Assessment Tests (PBATs) are much more difficult than the regents exam. Students are to create a paper in the subject area showing their mastery of the material. To present a PBAT, students at prep must have completed the course for the given subject. All students must acquire 44 credits in order to graduate. Students are encouraged to take college classes during their junior and senior years at college now.[http://www.collegenow.cuny.edu/]
Admissions.
Priority is given to Manhattan residents and students who have shown serious interest in the school. All transfer students must be referred by a guidance counselor and then interviewed by the school when space is available.
See also.
Education in New York City
Liz Murray

</doc>
<doc id="19031392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031392" title="Symphony No. 16 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 16 (Haydn)

Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 16 in B-flat major, Hoboken I/16, may have been written between 1757 and 1761.
It is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo, with a solo cello part in the slow movement. It is in three movements:
The slow movement features a solo cello doubled in octaves with muted violins.

</doc>
<doc id="19031394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031394" title="Symphony No. 17 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 17 (Haydn)

Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 17 in F major, Hoboken I/17, may have been written between 1757 and 1763.
It is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo. It is in three movements:

</doc>
<doc id="19031399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031399" title="Thomas Codrington (priest)">
Thomas Codrington (priest)

Thomas Codrington (died 1691?) was an English Roman Catholic theologian. He is chiefly known for his attempt to introduce into England the "Institute of Secular Priests Living in Community", founded in Bavaria by Bartholomaus Holzhauser. 
Life.
He was educated and ordained priest at Douai, where he taught humanities for a time. Later on he lived with Cardinal Howard at Rome, acting as his chaplain and secretary. He returned to England in July, 1684, and on the accession of James II of England in the following year, he was appointed one of the royal chaplains and preachers in ordinary.
While he was in Rome he had joined the institute above mentioned, in which Cardinal Howard took a great personal interest, and his return to England seemed to the superior, Father Hofer, a favourable opportunity for extending the institute. Accordingly Codrington and his companion, John Morgan, were appointed procurators to introduce the institute into England. The object of the society, the constitutions of which had been approved by Pope Innocent XI in 1680, was to encourage community life among the secular clergy. This was to be attained by priests residing together, and doing their work from a common centre, all being subject to the bishop. In this work he received much assistance from Cardinal Howard, who addressed letters both to the secular clergy and to the dean of the chapter, exhorting all English priests to join the institute. Even before leaving Rome he had been active in propagating the institute, and had, with his colleagues, endeavoured not only to introduce it into all the English colleges abroad, but even to make it obligatory on the superiors by a decree.
Some progress was in fact made, but before much could be effected the Glorious Revolution took place, and in 1688 James II fled from England. Codrington followed his patron abroad to Saint-Germain, where he continued to act as chaplain until his death, which took place about 1691.
For some years efforts were made to spread the institute in England, and in 1697 special constitutions, designed to meet the peculiar circumstances of English priests, were published with a preface, which shows that several of the leading missionaries had joined it. The Old Chapter, however, were unrelenting, on the ground that it was unsuitable in England and would lead to dissentions among the clergy, and ultimately Bishop Bonaventure Giffard suppressed it.
Works.
Both sermons were reprinted in "A Select Collection of Catholick Sermons", vol. i. London, 1741.

</doc>
<doc id="19031402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031402" title="1890 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1890 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1890 was the fourth series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Cork won the championship, after being awarded the title over Wexford.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Final:" (1 match) The two provincial representatives make up the two final teams with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19031404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031404" title="The Prompter">
The Prompter

The Prompter () is a 1999 Norwegian film directed by Hilde Heier. It was Norway's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards, but did not manage to receive a nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="19031406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031406" title="Pawcatuck (disambiguation)">
Pawcatuck (disambiguation)

Pawcatuck is a census-designated place in Connecticut.
Pawcatuck may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19031441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031441" title="Battle of Möckern">
Battle of Möckern

The Battle of Möckern was a series of heavy clashes between allied Prusso-Russian troops and Napoleonic French forces south of Möckern. It occurred on 5 April 1813. It ended in a French defeat and formed the successful prelude to the "Liberation War" against Napoleon (the German name for the German theatre of the War of the Sixth Coalition).
Context.
In winter 1812, Napoleon had suffered a heavy defeat before Moscow upon which Prussia began to consider giving up its enforced alliance with the French. It signed the Convention of Tauroggen with Russia on 30 December 1812, stipulating neutrality between them, and then on 27 March 1813 both powers declared war on France.
Course.
Meanwhile in March 1813, the Allied armies decided to attack French forces in Magdeburg so that they could then cross the River Elbe and advance westwards. Troops were also sent off under the command of the Prussian generals Bülow, Borstel, Hühnerbein and Yorck as well as the Russian commanders Wittgenstein and Berg. After the French received information of the advance, about 30,000 men left Magdeburg under viceroy Eugène on 2 April 1813 and crossed the Elbe, setting up his headquarters in Königsborn. Wittgenstein, who was in overall command of the Allied operations, planned to use feints further to the east to draw in the French and then cut them off after they returned to Magdeburg.
In expectation of an attack, the French formed their troops along the river Ehle between Möckern and Gommern. The allies arranged a total of about 10,000 men in three detachments marching in from the northeast, east and southeast. Smaller clashes were already happening on the 3rd and 4 April, with the French committing few troops to the fighting. Messages also began to arrive stating that the French wished to withdraw from Magdebury and so Wittgenstein gave the command to attack on 5 April.
First general Hühnerbein with two Yorkschen Corps marching in from the south came upon the French near Dannigkow, leading to stubborn resistance and house-to-house fighting. In spite of numerical inferiority, after four hours Hühnerbein succeeded in forcing the 2,000 French soldiers out of their positions.
The second major clash happened at the Ehle river crossing in Vehlitz. Prusso-Russian troops under Borstel and Berg here attacked the French, who had posted themselves in several lines at the Ehle as far as behind Vehlitz. Due to the deep gradient, few of the Allied guns could come to bear and so the battle descended into man-to-man fighting. This was impeded wide swampy area that lay between the two forces, meaning the soldiers had to wade across in places with the water up to breast height. After violent clashes, in which the French also used cavalry squadrons, here too the Allies succeeded in forcing the French from their positions.
Result.
In view of these unexpected defeats, the French viceroy concluded on the night of 5 April to withdraw once more to Magdeburg. On its withdrawal the French forces destroyed all the bridges of the Klusdammes, denying the most important access routes to Magdeburg to the Allies. Although the French forces in Germany were not finally defeated by this action, for the Prussians and Russians the clash was nevertheless a first important success on the way to the final victory over Napoleon.
October 1813.
Another battle of Möckern occurred on 16 October the same year between allied Prusso-Russian troops under Blücher and Napoleonic French forces under Marmont and Ney, on the northern front of the Liberation War. It played out in 4 phases. A small country house surrounded by gardens and low walls and looking over the village was transformed into a fortress, with the French in cover behind its walls. The west of their position was too marshy and wooded for an artillery position, and to the east a 4m deep dyke protected the banks of the Elster. There Marshal Marmont held back his infantry reserve ready for a counter-attack and for swiftly supporting all his positions. Blücher commanded Langeron's Russian corps and Yorck's Prussian one.
Attacks went on all night, with most of the dead and wounded (9,000 for the Allies, 7,000 for the French) being down to the artillery. Another 2,000 French were captured and the battle ended in a French defeat, laying the foundations for the decisive defeat of Napoleon at Leipzig the following day - on the very same day as the battle of Möckern Blücher was made a field marshal.

</doc>
<doc id="19031444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031444" title="Codroy, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Codroy, Newfoundland and Labrador

Codroy is a community in the Codroy Valley of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Codroy is a village with around 50 inhabitants. It has one corner store.

</doc>
<doc id="19031448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031448" title="2006 European Athletics Championships – Women's high jump">
2006 European Athletics Championships – Women's high jump

The final of the Women's High Jump event at the 2006 European Athletics Championships in Gothenborg, Sweden was held on August 11, 2006. Belgium's Tia Hellebaut won the competition setting a new championship and a national record (2.03 metres). By winning Hellebaut gave Belgium its second gold medal at these championships after Kim Gevaert had already won the women's 100 metres event. Ten minutes after the high jump competition ended, Gevaert ran the final of the women's 200 metres and won a third gold medal for Belgium.
Results.
Qualification.
Qualification: Qualifying Performance 1.92 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advance to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19031460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031460" title="FM World Charities">
FM World Charities

FM World Charities is a not-for-profit organization that works to promote public health and improve the quality of life in under served communities throughout the world. FM aims to increase awareness of issues pertaining to public health and wellness while also providing basic primary care to those without access to health care.
FM World enlists celebrities and media personalities to help accomplish its goals and projects.
History.
Eric Gast veteran music producer and mixer is the Founder and CEO.
Initiatives.
Preventative Health Care & Skin Cancer Screening.
One of the goals of FM World Charities is to increase awareness of common, treatable illnesses among all populations. The most common causes of disease leading to death around the world are strikingly similar. Cardiovascular accidents (heart attack, stroke), neoplasm (cancers of all types), diabetes mellitus and infectious diseases are the most often seen. One large problem is that many of these conditions are preventable or easily treated if diagnosed early.
FM World Charities tries to help provide adequate health care by working to screen for common illnesses before they become life threatening. One concept they developed is providing health screening sessions during concerts and other public events to increase the number of individuals being screened for these conditions and introduce the idea of preventative health care to a young audience. For example, the incidence of skin cancers is increasing rapidly throughout the world. A small lesion that develops when a person is 20 years of age will often be ignored for years before it becomes symptomatic and life threatening. Early diagnosis and treatment is the key to avoiding these problems.
Vision and Services.
A small tent or room is set up to include a physician and nurse to quickly evaluate each person. The trained visual eye most often does this technique. However, small, handheld machines are becoming popular to evaluate questionable lesions and will make it easier to screen larger numbers of people. Photographs of the lesions are taken and later re-evaluated. If there is anything suspicious about the lesion, the patient is contacted by mail or phone and directed to the appropriate medical facility for confirming diagnosis and follow up treatment.
Future Goals.
As mentioned above, screening for potential skin cancers is only one of many types of screenings that can be done. FM World Charities tests for abnormal blood pressure, glucose and cholesterol levels, which can help diagnose the most common problems leading to illness and death. The charity is currently working on a mobile testing system.
The charity is also planning on establishing a mobile unit that may be used to travel around the countries where they are working and set up in a specific location to screen populations that may not necessarily be able to attend one of their events. FM plans to use sponsored merchandise giveaways and media personality appearances to increase attendance at these screenings.

</doc>
<doc id="19031472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031472" title="Marilyn Cotlow">
Marilyn Cotlow

Marilyn Cotlow (born 1924) is an American lyric coloratura soprano best remembered for originating the role of Lucy in Gian Carlo Menotti's "The Telephone". She sang professionally during the 1940s and 1950s in the United States and Europe, performing with such companies as the Metropolitan Opera. After retiring from the stage, Cotlow taught voice at the Peabody Conservatory and currently teaches privately out of her home. Several of her students have gone on to have successful careers, including Alessandra Marc and Jennifer Wilson.
Early life and education.
Marilyn Rose Cotlow was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on January 10, 1924, to Sandor and Bernice Cotlow. She had two brothers: William and Phillip. During the Great Depression, her father moved the family of five to Los Angeles in an effort to find work as an attorney. He was an amateur singer, who only allowed his family to listen to classical music or singers of good stature and renown.
Marilyn Cotlow began vocal studies with Hans Clemens, a tenor who had been let go by the Metropolitan Opera in 1937 because he was a German citizen at a time of anti-German sentiment in the United States. Clemens moved to Los Angeles and became good friends with Lauritz Melchior, who lived in Beverly Hills. Clemens organized a vocal competition to discover new talent and to procure students for his fledgling studio. Marilyn Cotlow was 15 when she auditioned, and Clemens appreciated her innate vocal talent and musicality.
Clemens offered her the chance to study six days a week on a half-scholarship. During her first year, Clemens only allowed her to do vocal exercises to make her aware of high forward placement and ensure the correct use of her support mechanism. Clemens learned these exercises while studying with a 90 year old cantor in Milan, Italy, who was said to sound 25 years old.
Career.
Cotlow made her professional operatic debut as the Queen of the Night in Mozart's "The Magic Flute" with a small company in Los Angeles in the early 1940s. The cast also included Brian Sullivan as Tamino, and Johnny Silver as Monostatos. Cotlow also worked as a voice-over artist during the early to mid-1940s for Hollywood musical movies, often performing high notes in songs for artists who had difficulty singing in the upper register. As most high tones above the ledger are indistinguishable from one soprano to another, the studios hired Cotlow to "cut in" the note.
After World War II, she auditioned for the Central City Opera in Colorado. During her audition, the judges asked if she knew the arias of Blondchen in Mozart's "Die Entführung aus dem Serail". Marilyn answered, "Why, yes, I know the whole role." After she finished both arias, the judges asked if she knew the arias of Constanze. She answered, "Why yes, I know that whole role, too," and sang all three arias from that role. She was offered a contract to sing Blondchen that summer in Colorado with Eleanor Steber, Felix Knight, and Jerome Hines.
Upon arriving in New York, Cotlow auditioned for several parts and heard that Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., and Chandler Cowles were producing a double bill of opera on Broadway. The operas were "The Telephone, or L'Amour à trois" and "The Medium" by a young Italian composer, Gian Carlo Menotti. The double bill premiered on February 18, 1947, at the Heckscher Theater, and the Broadway production opened on May 1, 1947, at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre and remained for more than 7 months. A Columbia Records recording was made, and it remains the #1 selling complete operatic recording of all time.
In 1948, Cotlow made her Metropolitan Opera (Met) debut, singing Philine in "Mignon" after winning the company's "Audition of the Air" competition. That same season, she sang Adina in "L'Elisir d'Amore." For the next several years, she appeared in roles with minor houses in the United States and in Europe. In 1952, she joined the company of Theater Basel and stayed there for one year. In 1953, she joined Theater Bremen, where she sang roles for two seasons. She left the company in 1955 to give a concert tour in the Netherlands and sing the role of Amina in "La Sonnambula" with Wexford Festival Opera.
After Cotlow married in the late 1950s, she retired from her stage career and took up teaching. She taught out of her home for many years and then later at the Peabody Conservatory. She still maintains a home studio in the Virginia suburbs of Washington, DC. One of her most famous students, Alessandra Marc, became her daughter-in-law when Marc married her son Remy David; the couple has since divorced. She has another son, Daniel.

</doc>
<doc id="19031487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031487" title="Salda River (Tagil tributary)">
Salda River (Tagil tributary)

Salda () is a river in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia. It is a tributary of the Tagil (in the Ob's drainage basin). The Salda has its sources in the Ural Mountains. It is 122 km long, with a drainage basin of 1,770 km². The average discharge is 7.2 m³/s (4 km before its mouth). The Salda freezes over in late October / early November, and stays frozen till the spring thaw in April.
The towns of Verkhnyaya Salda and Nizhnyaya Salda is situated by the Salda River.

</doc>
<doc id="19031493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031493" title="Getty kouros">
Getty kouros

The Getty kouros is an over-life-sized statue in the form of a late archaic Greek kouros. The dolomitic marble sculpture was bought by the J. Paul Getty Museum, Malibu, California, in 1985 for $9 million and first exhibited there in October 1986. 
Despite initial favourable scientific analysis of the patina and aging of the marble, the question of its authenticity has persisted from the beginning. Subsequent demonstration of an artificial means of creating the de-dolomitization observed on the stone has prompted a number of art historians to revise their opinions of the work. If genuine, it is one of only twelve extant complete kouroi. If fake, it exhibits a high degree of technical and artistic sophistication by an as-yet unidentified forger. Its status remains undetermined: today the museum's label reads "Greek, about 530 B.C., or modern forgery".
Provenance.
The kouros first appeared on the art market in 1983 when the Basel dealer Gianfranco Becchina offered the work to the Getty's curator of antiquities, Jiri Frel. Frel deposited the sculpture (then in seven pieces) at Malibu along with a number of documents purporting to attest to the statue’s authenticity. These documents traced the provenance of the piece to a collection in Geneva of Dr. Jean Lauffenberger who, it was claimed, had bought it in 1930 from a Greek dealer. No find site or archaeological data was recorded. Amongst the papers was a suspect 1952 letter allegedly from Ernst Langlotz, then the preeminent scholar of Greek sculpture, remarking on the similarity of the kouros to the Anavyssos youth in Athens (NAMA 3851). Later inquiries by the Getty revealed that the postcode on the Langlotz letter did not exist until 1972, and that a bank account mentioned in a 1955 letter to an A.E. Bigenwald regarding repairs on the statue was not opened until 1963. The documentary history of the sculpture was evidently an elaborate fake and therefore there are no reliable facts about its recent history before 1983.
Stylistic analysis.
The Getty kouros is highly eclectic in style. Our understanding of the development of kouroi as delineated by Gisela Richter suggests the date of the Getty youth diminishes from head to feet. Beginning with the hair we can observe that it is braided into a wig-like mass of 14 strands, each of which ends in a triangular point. The closest parallel here is to the Sounion kouros (NAMA 2720) of the late 7th century/early 6th century, which also displays 14 braids, as does the New York kouros (NY Met. 32.11.1). However, the Getty kouros’s hair exhibits a rigidity very unlike the Sounion Group. Descending to the hands we may see that the last joints of the fingers turn in at right angles to the thighs, recalling the Tenea kouros (Munich 168) of the 2nd quarter of the 6th century. Further down, a late archaic naturalism becomes more pronounced in the rendering of the feet similar to kouros No. 12 from the Ptoon sanctuary (Thebes 3), as is the broad oval plinth which in turn is comparable to a base found on the Acropolis. Both Ptoon 12 and the Acropolis base are assigned to the Group of Anavyssos-Ptoon 12 and dated to the third quarter of the 6th century. Anachronizing elements are not unknown in authentic kouroi, but the disparity of up to a century is a strikingly unusual feature of the Getty sculpture.
Technical analysis.
Despite being of Thasian marble, the kouros cannot be securely ascribed to an individual workshop of northern Greece nor indeed to any ancient regional school of sculpture. Archaic kouroi conform to a canon of measurement and proportion (albeit with strong local accents) to which the Getty example also adheres; a comparison of like elements in other kouroi is both a test of authenticity and additional clue to the origin of the sculpture. There is little in the tool marks, carving methods and detailing to contradict an ancient origin of the piece. Although we have a small sample with which to compare (some 200 fragments and only twelve complete statues of the same type) there are atypical aspects of the Getty work that may be observed. The oval plinth is an unusual shape and larger than in other examples, suggesting the figure was free-standing rather than fixed with lead in a separate base. Also, the ears are not symmetrical: they are at different heights with the left oblong and the right rounder, implying the sculptor was using two distinct schema or none at all. Furthermore, there are a number of flaws in the marble, most prominently on the forehead, which the sculptor has worked around by parting the hair curls at the centre; ancient examples survive of projects being abandoned by sculptors when such flaws in the stone were revealed. 
Perhaps the most striking evidence suggestive of the kouros’s antiquity is a subtlety regarding the direction of motion of the figure. Even though the youth presents foursquare to the viewer, all kouroi have understated indicators of a turn either to the left or the right depending on where they were originally placed in the hieroon or temple sanctuary; i.e., they would seem to turn towards the naos. In the case of the Getty youth the left foot is parallel with the step axis of the right foot rather than turning outwards as would occur if the figure were moving directly forwards. Therefore the statue is making motion toward his right, which Ilse Kleemann asserts is “one of the strongest pieces of evidence of its authenticity”. Other features that suggest a similarity with known originals include the helicoid curls of the hair, closest in form to the west Cyclidian Kea kouros (NAMA 3686), the Corinthian form of the hands and the sloping shoulders akin to the Tenea kouros and the broad plinth and feet comparable to the Attic or Cyclidian Ptoon 12. That the Getty kouros cannot be identified with any one local atelier does not disqualify it as a genuine, but if real it does require of us that we admit a lectio difficilior into the corpus of archaic sculpture.
Some indication of tool marks remains on the work. Though the surface is weathered (or artificially abraded) and it is not clear if emery was used we can discern the heavy claw marks on the plinth and the use of a point in some of the finer detailing. For example there are point marks in the outline of the curls, between the fingers and in the cleft of the buttocks, also traces of the point in the arches of the feet and at random over the plinth. Though the tools evident here (fine point, slope chisel, claw chisel) are not inappropriate for a late 6th century sculpture their application might be problematic. Stelios Triantis remarks, "no sculptor of kouroi would hollow out with a fine point, nor incise outlines with this tool".
In 1990, Dr. Jeffery Spier published the discovery of a kouros torso, a certain forgery that exhibited notable technical similarities to the Getty kouros. After samples were taken that determined the fake torso was of the same dolomitic marble as the Getty piece the torso was purchased by the museum for study purposes. The fake’s sloping shoulders and upper arms, volume of chest, rendering of the hands and genitals all suggest the same hand as the Getty’s example, although the aging had been crudely done with an acid bath and the application of iron oxide. Further investigation has shown the torso and the kouros are not from the same block and the sculpting techniques are dramatically different (down to the use of power tools on the torso). Their relationship if any is still to be determined.
Archaeometry.
The Getty commissioned two scientific studies on which it based its decision to buy the statue. The first was by Norman Herz, a professor of geology at the University of Georgia, who measured the carbon and oxygen isotope ratios, and traced the stone to the island of Thasos. The marble was found to have a composition of 88% dolomite and 12% calcite, by x-ray diffraction. His isotopic analysis revealed that δ18O = -2.37 and δ13C = +2.88, which from database comparison admitted one of five possible sources: Denizli, Doliana, Marmara, Mylasa, or Thasos-Acropolis. Further, trace element analysis of the kouros eliminated Denizli. With the high dolomite content Thasos was determined to be the likeliest source with a 90% probability. The second test was by Stanley Margolis, a geology professor at the University of California at Davis. He showed that the dolomite surface of the sculpture had undergone a process called de-dolomitization, in which the magnesium content had been leached out, leaving a crust of calcite, along with other minerals. Margolis determined that this process could occur only over the course of many centuries and under natural conditions, and therefore could not be duplicated by a forger.
In the early 1990s, the marine chemist Miriam Kastner produced an experimental result which cast doubt on Margolis’s thesis by artificially inducing de-dolomitization in the laboratory, a result since confirmed by Margolis. However, although this does admit the possibility the kouros was synthetically aged by a forger the procedure is a complicated and time-consuming one. The unlikeliness of a forger using such experimental methods in what is still an uncertain science has prompted the Getty’s antiquities conservator to remark "when you consider a forger actually repeating the procedure you begin to leave the realm of practicality”.

</doc>
<doc id="19031505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031505" title="The Girl on the Pier">
The Girl on the Pier

The Girl on the Pier is a 1953 British crime film directed by Lance Comfort and starring Veronica Hurst, Ron Randell, Brian Roper, Campbell Singer and Anthony Valentine.

</doc>
<doc id="19031533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031533" title="Faultline (musician)">
Faultline (musician)

Faultline is the musical brainchild of producer and artist David Kosten.
Working under the name Faultline, Kosten is known for both his largely instrumental debut "Closer, Colder" and the follow up "Your Love Means Everything", which featured guest vocals from Coldplay’s Chris Martin, The Flaming Lips, & R.E.M’s Michael Stipe. 
While work is ongoing for his third Faultline project, Kosten has continued to produce albums for other artists, notably gaining recognition with Bat for Lashes (double Mercury Music Prize nominated and Ivor Novello winning "Two Suns" and "Fur and Gold", and 2012 album "The Haunted Man"), and Everything Everything (Mercury Music Prize and Ivor Novello nominated "Man Alive" and 2013 album "Arc").
Background.
Early years.
As a youth, Kosten burst his lung while playing clarinet for the National Youth Orchestra. A London-based art school dropout, Kosten spent the better part of his twenties in his home studio, teaching himself recording and production techniques and exploring far-flung combinations of sound.
Faultline's debut single, "Control", was built around death threats left on Kosten's answering machine. It transpired that the intimidating messages had been left by a singer with whom Kosten had refused a collaboration. Kosten appropriated the messages, applying the threats alongside wayward noise, rhythms and Steve Reich-inspired neo-classical music.
"Closer, Colder".
On his debut album, "Closer, Colder", released via the Leaf label in 2002, Kosten continued this approach to music making, utilizing samples in place of vocals. Most notably, the album's title track lifted Dennis Hopper's voice from Blue Velvet. Kosten is reported to have obtained permission to use the sample directly from Hopper and David Lynch.
"Closer, Colder" showcased Kosten's arranging abilities, and this elegant blend of soundscape and avant-garde was met with widespread acclaim:
"Your Love Means Everything".
Released three years later, "Your Love Means Everything" was an instant testament to the fruits of Kosten's ongoing sonic experimentation, as well as his skill at creating an environment in which inspiration strikes his collaborators. 
The album, originally released on Rough Trade owner Geoff Travis' Blanco Y Negro imprint in 2002, fell prey to label politics, but re-released by EMI/Capitol in 2004 and awash in spectral electronic melancholy and epic beauty, it did not escape a chorus of high praise:
On "Your Love Means Everything", the Faultline attitude to 'voices' was inverted, with vocal contributions from Coldplay's Chris Martin, Jacob Golden, the Flaming Lips' Wayne Coyne and Steven Drozd, Cannibal Ox and R.E.M.'s Michael Stipe.
Coldplay's Chris Martin hadn't even begun recording "A Rush of Blood to the Head" when he sang on two haunting Faultline tracks: "Where is My Boy?" and "Your Love Means Everything Part 2".
The Flaming Lips were just outgrowing their cult status when they collaborated on "The Colossal Gray Sunshine". With gentle, hypnotic beats that kaleidoscope into multicoloured, atmospheric sounds, the tone of "Your Love Means Everything" can be summed up with this track. With its cinematic, nightmarish feel, the song serves as the lynchpin of the album, which Rolling Stone called ""a masterpiece of widescreen psychedelic soft rock.""
R.E.M.'s Michael Stipe collaborated on a cover of "Greenfields", a piece of dark Americana from late-50s folk revivalists The Brothers Four. (Kosten expressed incredulity about recording this, his favourite childhood song, with the R.E.M. singer).
"We Came from Lego Blocks" is a fractured, downbeat lullaby featuring vocals from Vordul Megilah of East Coast underground hip-hop duo Cannibal Ox.
Cult singer/songwriter Joseph Arthur collaborates on a truly eerie cover of the Rolling Stones' "Wild Horses", while "Biting Tongues" features Ras B, a ragga-styled MC from Adrian Sherwood's On U-Sound crew.
Other album tracks like "Your Love Means Everything", "Theme for Half Speed" and "I Only Know Myself" reveal the many degrees of Faultline’s ghostly, sublime and orchestral sound.
Third album.
Kosten is working on his third Faultline album.
References.
All Music
http://www.allmusic.com/album/your-love-means-everything-mw0000224025
Rockfeedback
http://www.rockfeedback.com/review/113/faultline-your-love-means-everything-blanco-y-negro/
Popmatters
http://www.popmatters.com/pm/review/faultline-closer/
Scaruffi
http://www.scaruffi.com/vol6/faultlin.html
External links.
https://itunes.apple.com/gb/artist/faultline/id15027952

</doc>
<doc id="19031541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031541" title="Mohammed al-Haik">
Mohammed al-Haik

Ibn Abdallah Mohammed ibn al-Hussein al-Haik (born in Tétouan, Morocco) was a Moroccan poet, musician and author of a songbook (el-kunash) comprising eleven nubas, that had been handed down for generations. The songbook, written in 1789, doesn´t include the musical notation of the songs and is the single most important source on the early tradition of Classical Andalusian music. It also contains the names of the authors of the poems and melodies. The book has been republished by Abdelkrim Rais in 1982.
References.
[http://www.andalucia.cc/axarqiya/poesia_musica_andalusi.htm] (retrieved 25 August 2008)

</doc>
<doc id="19031546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031546" title="United States presidential election in California, 1984">
United States presidential election in California, 1984

The 1984 United States presidential election in California refers to how California participated in the 1984 United States presidential election. California voted for the Republican incumbent and former California Governor, Ronald Reagan, in a landslide over the Democratic challenger, former Minnesota Senator and Vice President Walter Mondale. Reagan easily won his home state with a comfortable 16.24% margin and carried all but five counties. Despite this, California's margin was 1.98% more Democratic than the nation as a whole, a sign of the state's future trend toward the Democratic Party.
Reagan is the last Republican to carry these California counties in a Presidential election: Contra Costa, Humboldt, Lake, Los Angeles, Mendocino, San Mateo, Santa Clara, Solano and Sonoma. Reagan is also the last Republican to carry the majority of the counties in the San Francisco Bay Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19031547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031547" title="International Earth Science Olympiad">
International Earth Science Olympiad

The International Earth Science Olympiad (IESO), one of the twelve International Science Olympiads, is an annual competition for secondary school students that tests their abilities in disciplines such as geology, meteorology, environmental science, and terrestrial astronomy. Students who are winners of the respective national competitions are invited to participate in the IESO, and all interested countries are encouraged to contribute to the IESO.
It is one of the major activities of the International Geoscience Education Organization - IGEO(http://www.geoscied.org) that aims at raising student interest in and public awareness of Earth sciences, as well as to enhance Earth science learning of students.
History.
The IESO was first suggested by Korean earth scientists. In 2003, the Korean Earth Science Society (KESS) organized the first Korean Earth Science Olympiad. The international competition was adopted as one of major activities of International Geoscience Education Organization later that year.
In November 2004 in Seoul, representatives from ten countries gathered to discuss the curriculum and the format of IESO. 23 presentations were made and the IESO Advisory Committee was established with members including Chairperson Moo Young Song, Hendra Amijaya, Roberto Greco, Ken-ichiro Hisada, Thomas Lorillard Tailer, Chang Chun-Yen, Miguel Cano, Shankar Rajasekharaiah, and Chan-Jong Kim. The IESO Syllabus Commission was then developed in 2005, and the first International competition was held in 2007.
The first IESO was held in October 2007 in Daegu, South Korea, where the Taiwanese team won first place with three gold medals and one silver medal. The Korean team placed second with one gold and three silver medals, the United States followed in third with two silver and two bronze medals, and India was placed fourth with two silver medals.
Second (2008) competition took place in Manila, Philippines, with the theme "Cooptition in Addressing Climate Change" (the word "cooptition" refers to a combination of competition and cooperation). Its aim was to promote global Earth science education and international cooperation in mitigating anthropogenic harm to the environment.
Third IESO took place in Taipei, Taiwan, in September 2009 with the theme "Human Environment".
Fourth IESO took place in Yogyakarta, Indonesia in September 2010 with the theme "The Present is the key to the Future".
The IESO is one of the only three International Science Olympiads (along with the International Linguistics Olympiad and International Olympiad on Astronomy and Astrophysics) to include an International Team Competition. Past International Team Competitions have included developing stratigraphic sequences, evaluating living on the Mt. Mayon volcano, and evaluating the fault escarpment of the Chi-Chi earthquake.
In 2010 in Indonesia, the International Team Competition focus on sustainability and the use of underground water.
The 2013 IESO is now performing in Mysore, India
Aims of the IESO.
The IESO is intended to raise student interest in and public awareness of Earth Science, to enhance Earth science learning of students, and to identify talented and gifted students in Earth science. The IESO is also developed in pursuit of encouraging friendly relationship among young learners from different countries and promoting international cooperation in exchanging ideas and materials about Earth science and Earth science education. The IESO is aimed at improvement of teaching of Earth science in school.
Competition.
All major areas of Earth Sciences, including geology, geophysics, meteorology, oceanography, astronomy, and environmental sciences, are considered for selecting topics for the competition.
The International competition consists of a theoretical and a practical examination. The written examination includes problems which are developed to measure the participants' robust knowledge and understanding in Earth science areas.
The practical examination consists of tasks which are designed to assess participants' abilities to carry out scientific investigations in earth science inquiries. Participants are allowed to bring non-programmable calculators for the examinations. Sometimes special tool are provides as telescopes, geology compass, meteorological instruments and so on.
The top twenty or so, students who qualify the entrance test for IESO are called for the training camp whose duration is about 20 days. On the basis of performance of these students the final team is selected which represents the particular country at the International Competition.
The competition is individual.
Teams.
Each team consists of up to four competing students, an alternate, and mentors. The mentors must be specialists in Earth science and/or Earth science education and capable of serving as members of the International Jury. The official language of the competition is English, and the mentors must also translate for their teams from their native language. Students qualify to attend the IESO by winning national Earth science competitions in their home countries.
In the United States, selection of the traveling Earth Science team was run through the Global Challenge Award organization in 2007 and 2008. Selection of the team members involves theoretical assessments as well as essay writing and participation in an online training camp. The team is chosen based on skill in earth science, ability to solve complex problems, interaction with other students, and ability to diplomatically discuss pressing environmental issues.

</doc>
<doc id="19031557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031557" title="1889 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1889 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1889 was the third series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Dublin won the championship, beating Clare 5-1 to 1-6 in the final.
Teams.
A total of eight teams contested the championship, one less than the previous year. It was the first championship to be completed since 1887.
The Leinster championship was contested by just three teams: Dublin (Kickhams), Laois (Rathdowney) and Louth (Drogheda Gaelics). Two participants from the previous year, Kildare and reigning champions Kilkenny, did not field teams.
All six counties entered a team in the Munster championship: Cork (Blackrock}, Clare (Tulla), Limerick (South Liberties), Tipperary (Moycarkey) and Waterford.
Once again, the hurling championship was not contested in either Connacht or Ulster.

</doc>
<doc id="19031578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031578" title="Tarnkowa">
Tarnkowa

Tarnkowa is a small village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County, Gmina Głubczyce, near the border with the Czech Republic. It lies approximately north-west of Głubczyce and south of the regional capital Opole.

</doc>
<doc id="19031590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031590" title="Tulelake camp">
Tulelake camp

The Tulelake camp was a civilian conservation center and segregation facility located in Siskiyou County, five miles south of Tulelake, California. The camp was established by the US government in 1935 to accommodate vocational trainees. The camp was established initially to house enrollees as part of the expansion of available land for the Klamath Reclamation Project. During World War II the camp was used for sheltering Japanese American strikebreakers, imprisoning Japanese American dissidents, and housing Italian and German prisoners of war. After the war, on 25 April 1946, the camp was transferred from the Army to the Fish and Wildlife Service, which managed it prior to the establishment of the segregation camp. The four remaining buildings are currently part of a restoration project that aims to return its original look.
History.
The Tulelake camp was built in 1933 as a public work relief program, part of the New Deal of President Franklin D. Roosevelt. The camp was one of several constructed for the Civilian Conservation Corps that provided six months to two years employment and vocational training for unemployed, unmarried men from relief families, ages 17–23. The 23-building camp included a duck hospital, an administrative headquarters office, the supervisors' residences, and a lookout cabin on the bluff behind the Refuge Visitor Center. Most of the buildings were constructed by the Enrollees themselves. Mexican-American stonemasons constructed over 300 feet of rock wall around the Refuge Headquarters.
The enrollees were paid $30 a month, $25 of which was sent home or put into a savings account. It provided unskilled manual labor jobs related to the conservation and development of natural resources in rural lands owned by federal, state and local governments, building water control structures of timber and concrete. The CCC camp in southern Oregon dug irrigation ditches, and overall increased the Clear Lake reservoir’s capacity by about 60,000 acre‐feet. Shortly after the initial war efforts by the country, the majority of enrollees left the camp, which was subsequently closed in 1942.
Camp Tulelake.
Tulelake camp neighbored the Tule Lake War Relocation Center. In March 1943, over 100 men from the Tule Lake Relocation Center (Internment Camp) were arrested
and housed at Camp Tulelake after refusing to answer the War Relocation Authority’s loyalty questionnaire. While imprisoned at the camp, inmates completed around $2,500 in repairs to the abandoned buildings, including installing new stove pipes, repairing the sewer and electrical systems. After several months, they were either released back to the Tule Lake Segregation Center or transferred to other facilities run by the Justice Department and the U.S. Army.
Camp Tulelake also served as shelter for 243 Japanese American inmates brought in from other concentration camps help the WRA undermine the striking Tule Lake prisoners. The strikebreakers were brought in to harvest the ripening crops and paid significantly higher wages than what Tule Lake inmates could earn. For their safety, they were housed at Camp Tulelake.
Frank Tanabe.
A notable internee was Frank Tanabe, a Japanese American who volunteered behind barbed wire to serve in a mostly Japanese American military unit, interrogating Japanese prisoners in India and China. When asked why he served in the same army that interned him, Tanabe replied,"I wanted to do my part to prove that I was not an enemy alien, or that none of us were – that we were true Americans. And if we ever got the chance, we would do our best to serve our country. And we did." During the 2012 Presidential race, Tanabe who was then 93 and on his deathbed, gained wide publicity for having his daughter fill out his last ballot. He received mostly positive reaction for his patriotism. Tanabe passed away on October 24, 2012. His family declined to announce which candidate he voted for.
Italian & German POWs.
With so many local farmers participating in World War II, the Tulelake Growers Association petitioned the US Government to bring enough hands to help with the harvest. The federal government replied by sending 150 Italian Prisoners of War in May 1944. They converted the camp to accommodate additional German prisoners that arrived from Camp White (near Medford, Oregon) the following month. They set up fences, barbed wire, latrines, water lines, guard towers, and search lights around the camp.
At its peak in October 1944, the camp housed 800 German POWs who helped plant, tend, and harvest onion and potato crops. The POW’s lived and worked in the Tule Lake area until the camp closed in 1946. Even though some of the POWs applied for the lottery of local homesteads, none were drawn in.
Proposed Fence.
Following an announcement by the Federal Aviation Administration of plans to erect a fence around the nearby Tulelake Municipal Airport airport, groups concerned with the historical nature of the area organized support and a petition to drive to prevent this action. The planned fence would surround the site of most of the barracks -- nearly 46 complete "blocks" and portions of several others -- thus making it difficult for visitors to tour the historic site. This will especially impact pilgrimages of former internees, who visit the locations of their former homes. One such former internee is George Takei who was held at the camp as a child, Takei has spoke openly about the camp and fence to help gain support of the patition to scrap the fence.
References.
Densho Encyclopedia Tulelake (detention facility)

</doc>
<doc id="19031610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031610" title="Folie à Deux (album)">
Folie à Deux (album)

Folie à Deux (; French for "A Madness Shared by Two") is the fourth studio album by American rock band Fall Out Boy. Produced by Neal Avron, the album was recorded from July to September 2008 at The Pass Studios and The Casita in Hollywood, California. As the follow-up to the band's commercially successful 2007 effort "Infinity on High", it was released by Island Records on December 10, 2008, after the original November 4 release was postponed to avoid conflicts with the United States presidential election. Like the band's two previous releases, "Folie à Deux" was composed by lead vocalist and guitarist Patrick Stump. The lyrics were penned by bassist Pete Wentz. With regard to the writing process, the band considered "Folie à Deux" to be their most collaborative record yet.
The album was recorded in relative secrecy compared to the press of that of its predecessor. The recording sessions inspired lyricism that relate to decaying relationships, moral dilemmas, and societal shortcomings with a political edge. It is the first Fall Out Boy album with lyrics that are rarely autobiographical; this shift led to a musical style change that resulted in a further musical departure from the band's previous albums. Fall Out Boy recruited several guest artists for "Folie à Deux", as well as employing instruments and recording techniques previously unfamiliar to the group. To promote the album, the band launched a viral campaign based around a Big Brother-type organization named "Citizens For Our Betterment" (CFOB) and embarked on an extensive tour schedule.
"Folie à Deux" was released in the United States on December 16, 2008, and received favorable reviews from most music critics, although fan opinions were mixed. Positive reviews focused on the creativity and various styles touched on, while the more negative reviews expressed concern that the record was overly indulgent. The album debuted at number eight on the US "Billboard" 200 chart with 150,000 sales but was less commercially successful than "Infinity on High". As of February 2013 "Folie à Deux" has sold 449,000 copies in the US. It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) after 500,000 copies were shipped. The album spawned three singles. "I Don't Care", the first single, reached number 21 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified platinum. "Folie à Deux" was Fall Out Boy's last studio album released before the band's 2009-2013 hiatus.
Background.
Fall Out Boy began writing material for a possible successor shortly after the release of the 2007 release of "Infinity on High". In March 2008, the band attempted to enter the "The Guinness Book of World Records" for being the only musical act to perform in all seven continents in nine months, planning to perform in Antarctica for an audience of scientists. However, the group was unable to make the flight from Punta Arenas, Chile to Antarctica due to poor weather. Despite this unsuccessful attempt, the group felt energized from the experience and became inspired to write more music. This led to more material to sift through when the band decided to enter the studio. Fall Out Boy spent time during June 2008 formulating ideas at Avron's home, where "three to four" song ideas were developed. Lead vocalist/guitarist Patrick Stump and bassist/lyricist Pete Wentz began turning these ideas into songs over the following month. Wentz explained that the process was the same as usual: "I'll go over to Patrick's house and he'll kind of just sit there and play songs, and I'll be like, 'Ah, that one's awesome!'"
The band intended to work on new music sooner, but the release of its cover of Michael Jackson's "Beat It" as a single stood in the way. The single "stalled out" the label, who wanted the band to film a music video for further promotion. Stump entered the studio with the intention of being less "self-indulgent", believing he dominated the band's previous record. He wished to focus more on creating a cohesive album in which different sounds come together instead of featuring his vocals at the forefront. With the help of Neal Avron, who produced Fall Out Boy's last two records, the quartet decided to simplify the music on "Folie à Deux" as opposed to the multi-layered sound of "Infinity on High". The band was interviewed about the album constantly before even a single note was recorded, leading to misconceptions about how the record would sound. The album was first rumored to consist of entirely acoustic folk music, while other sources later alleged it would delve into rap-rock.
Recording and production.
The band members decided to keep publicity down during the album's recording, as they were taken aback by such press surrounding "Infinity on High". Stump entered the studio with music for almost 50 songs. "Folie à Deux" was intended to be very different from the previous three Fall Out Boy albums, which were all interconnected musically and thematically; Stump described the new songs as "having a lot of freedom [...] it's our first just plain old record in a while." However, the sessions proved to be difficult for the band. Stump called the making of the album "painful", noting that he and Wentz quarreled over many issues, revealing "I threw something across the room over a major-to-minor progression." On previous albums, guitarist Joe Trohman felt that he and drummer Andy Hurley did not have enough musical freedom and that Stump and Wentz exerted too much control over the group: "I felt, 'Man, this isn't my band anymore.' It's no one's fault, and I don't want to make it seem that way. It was more of a complex I developed based off of stuff I was reading. It's hard to hear, 'Joe and Andy are just along for the ride.'" To amend the situation, Trohman sat down with Stump to communicate his concerns, which led to more collaboration on "Folie à Deux". "It made me feel like I owned the songs a lot more. It made me really excited about contributing to Fall Out Boy and made me find my role in the band," Trohman recalled.
The group purposely cut short the amount of time set aside for recording the album, and did not notify its label before beginning work on the record. The members hoped that these steps would bring them back to the days when they were a young, broke band who had to finish an album before the money ran out. "There was something really interesting about that creative process when we were starting out," explained Stump. "The more time you have, the more potential you have for excess." He felt that the process was reminiscent of the making of "Take This to Your Grave" because both albums were created using a "first-thought, best-thought" mentality: "I think we were trying to find what making a record that way would sound like now, but with four adult Fall Out Boys." Trohman called the recording process "fun because was so collaborative," but difficult because it was rushed.
In September, the band was still finalizing cameos, recording with Brendon Urie of Panic! at the Disco and Pharrell Williams. The band desired to work with Kanye West, but ran out of time. Pharrell laid down beats and Stump would add vocals and melodies for "w.a.m.s." The collaboration with Elvis Costello in "What a Catch, Donnie" was spontaneous. The band sent Costello the song, and although he had been suffering from bronchitis, he decided to participate. Stump was particularly excited about the collaboration, as Hurley noted that "Elvis is Patrick's favorite person on earth as a musician, singer and songwriter." Wentz felt that cameos were necessary to portray the album's messages, stating "More than anything, they serve the purpose of a character in a musical, where this character's voice makes the most sense...Certain lines need to be conveyed in certain ways."
Composition.
Music.
On "Folie à Deux", Fall Out Boy continued its pattern of musical experimentation that began on the band's previous album, "Infinity on High". Singer/guitarist Patrick Stump was once again the primary composer, and attempted to create compositions that echoed the themes discussed in Wentz's lyrics. As the lyrical content shifted in new directions from the group's previous works, the musical style employed by the other band members evolved as well. On this topic, Trohman commented "It's not like we said, 'We want to push the envelope,' It's not that at all. We just wanted to try cooler things. The album still sounds like Fall Out Boy. It has big choruses. But you can't do the same thing every record."
The record contains more instruments not present in the band's previous work, including synthesizers, sequenced drums, and strings. Critics noted similarities between the album and 1980s arena rock. Joey Rosen of "Rolling Stone" commented that "They further explore their funky side here: Stump is emerging as one of the world's most unlikely blue-eyed-soul stars, breathing life into classic R&B chord progressions and flaunting his agile voice." Trohman drew influence from Queen while creating guitar harmonies to match Stump's vocals on the record, while his other styles were inspired by Metallica, Prince, and The Rolling Stones. He also employs a jazz guitar interlude on "w.a.m.s." which has been likened to Steely Dan.
The pregap hidden track "Lullabye" is an acoustic ballad influenced by Bob Dylan, written with the intention of helping Wentz' son, Bronx Mowgli, fall asleep. Leah Greenblatt of "Entertainment Weekly" categorized the album's opener, "Disloyal Order of Water Buffaloes", as a "towering guitar anthem built on wedding-march organs, thundering drums, and singer Patrick Stump's limber vocals." "Coffee's for Closers" is similarly percussive and features drummer Andy Hurley drawing influence from marching band drumwork. The first single "I Don't Care" has been described as "disco rockabilly", and contains a repeating blues riff throughout the song; Stump's vocal performance on the track has been compared to John Lee Hooker.
"Headfirst Slide into Cooperstown on a Bad Bet" is an example of the album's theme of contrasting moods, and "struts in on a massive drum line and crunching, processed guitars, gets amplified by a four-piece horn section, then falls away to a simple, somber piano line" according to James Montgomery of MTV. The Elton John-influenced "What a Catch, Donnie" is a piano-driven ballad which features a string section in the background. As the song closes, it features Brendon Urie, Alexander DeLeon, Travie McCoy, Gabe Saporta, Elvis Costello and William Beckett singing parts of previous Fall Out Boy songs. According to Stump, the song contains lyrics that were important to the band and "gives us the chance for this record to come full circle". The backing vocals in "America's Suitehearts" have been compared to groups such as The Beatles.
Lyrics.
Pete Wentz was once again the primary lyricist of the band during the production of the album. Stump said that Wentz "totally outdid himself on this record. He doesn't even know how good his lyrics are here." Wentz, despite many recent personal developments (marriage to Ashlee Simpson, birth of his son, Bronx), desired to shift the focus away from himself and turn it outward onto the world. For the first time on a Fall Out Boy album, "Folie" is rarely autobiographical, as the band believed the format was "losing its luster" because "everyone was doing it." The songs on the album explore decaying relationships, moral dilemmas, and societal shortcomings, as well as concepts such as trust, infidelity, responsibility, and commitment. Stump tagged "Folie à Deux" as a "message record" that takes aim at "the materialistic dance between any two parties obsessed with each other, whether it's teenage girls and handbag makers, politicians and lobbyists or tabloids and stars." "Folie à Deux" also dissects how self-motivated American culture is, and many of the lyrics are intended to be satirical. While the album does contain political overtones, the band wanted to avoid being overt about these themes, leaving many lyrics open to interpretation for listeners.
Wentz referred to "I Don't Care" as a "narcissist's anthem" that addresses the current generation's short attention span. Wentz further explored the subjects of narcissism and apathy in "Coffee's For Closers", as Stump explained, "The past decade has been totally about 'me.' It's totally about 'Oh, I'm sad. I want this. I know somebody who knows this person. Me me me me me,' so that's what that song is about." Additionally, "America's Suitehearts" discusses society's fixation with celebrities. "27" explores the hedonistic lifestyles common in rock and roll music. The title is a reference to the 27 Club, a group of influential musicians, including Janis Joplin, Kurt Cobain, and Jim Morrison, who all died at the age of 27. Wentz felt that he was living a similarly dangerous lifestyle, and was "stoked" to make it to his 28th birthday. Stump added "There was a countdown clock and everything. I remember, our manager called me up on Pete's 28th birthday and screamed, 'We made it!'"
Title and artwork.
Folie à deux is a rare psychiatric syndrome in which symptoms of a delusional belief are transmitted from one individual to another. The same syndrome shared by more than two people may be called folie à trois, folie à quatre, folie en famille or even folie à plusieurs ("madness of many"). Recent psychiatric classifications refer to the syndrome as dependency psychotic disorder or induced delusional disorder, although the research literature largely uses the original name. The disorder was first conceptualized in 19th century French psychiatry. In keeping with the record's socially aware nature, the band felt that the term was relevant to the candidates in the 2008 U.S. presidential election. Stump further clarified the title's meaning: "The irony is that people will probably mistake the title as something about romantic relationships in some way. And it's our only record where that theme is not touched upon."
On September 13, 2008, the album artwork was revealed on the band's website. The cover of the album was painted by artist Luke Chueh. Wentz contacted Chueh and asked him to create the piece, to which the artist agreed. Chueh recalled of the situation, "They were great to work with, having given me full creative control over both the artwork and the final design of the cover." Chueh used the title and underlying themes of the album as inspiration for the artwork. "The title of the album is "Folie à Deux", and when considering this with the band's popularity, I chose to focus on the idea of fandom, and how some people are willing to take their love/infatuation to levels that are obviously unhealthy." Wentz currently owns the original painting. The disc's liner notes contain pictures of the band members with blank pages next to them; the group allowed fans to submit pictures they had drawn in the spaces and posted them to the band's website.
Promotion and release.
As the release of the new album approached, the band and its management found that they would have to navigate changes in the music industry, which Hurley described as "a completely different place." Facing declining record sales, the lack of a proper outlet for exhibition of music videos, and the economic crisis, Hurley commented that "people are buying things they need to survive rather than records and concert tickets." The group's 2007 album "Infinity on High" sold one million copies, which was considered a disappointment compared to "From Under the Cork Tree"'s sales of three million. Trohman attributed this to "the same reason that nobody's records are selling that well: there's so much turmoil in the music industry, so much downsizing, and people are finding different ways to get their music more and more all the time. There's very little we can do about that as a band. All we can do is try to make great music and hope it connects with people."
Citizens for Our Betterment and "Welcome to the New Administration".
A viral campaign was launched by Pete Wentz on August 18, 2008, to promote the album. It was inspired by George Orwell's novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four" (1949), and the autocratic, overbearing Big Brother organization.
The campaign started when the website for Wentz's Decaydance Records label was supposedly "hacked" by an organization called "Citizens for Our Betterment" (CFOB). Clues were left in links and images on the website, and Wentz left clues on his personal blog. On August 19, Wentz' wife Ashlee Simpson was seen carrying a pamphlet for the organization, raising suspicion and sparking many rumors online. In the days that followed, new posts appeared on the Citizens For Our Betterment website and Wentz continued to blog, at times referring to November 4, the same day as the 2008 U.S. presidential election. Meanwhile, another band, Copeland, launched its own viral campaign. As part of it, Copeland launched a similarly named site, CitizensFourOurBetterment.com, and spread links through various Fall Out Boy fan blogs to attract more people to the new website.
While this mixing of campaigns was done without the knowledge of the members of Fall Out Boy, Wentz did post an acknowledgement on August 22, when CFOB again "hijacked" Decaydance Records website. Decaydance act The Cab began performing with "Citizens for Our Betterment" written on the group's instruments. Finally, on August 26, a blog post of a press release was made on the band's FriendsOrEnemies.com page; it announced "Folie à Deux" as the title of the upcoming album, due for release on November 4. Wentz said of the endeavor "To me, this is not a marketing campaign. It is a way to cause excitement about your art and have people earn it and understand it...I don't believe the full campaign has begun, and I also believe people are taking over the ship in a truly viral way. It doesn't hurt anyone, and hopefully it tells the story of the project better and makes it more appreciated."
It also revealed that a mixtape, titled "Welcome to the New Administration", was available for download for free on the FriendsOrEnemies website. The mixtape contained several snippets of new Fall Out Boy tracks, as well as new music from other bands such as Gym Class Heroes, Cobra Starship, and Panic! at the Disco. However none of the titles were confirmed for "Folie à Deux". It also featured a song titled "America's Sweethearts" which was eventually confirmed for the album but with an alternate spelling, "America's Suitehearts". The band confirmed that it intended to release the mixtape in conjunction with the "Citizens" campaign, and felt that it was relevant to not only the themes of the album, but the 2008 election as well. Wentz explained "The whole campaign is part of the record and people can call it whatever they want, but the mixtape was part of that campaign, and we'll see what happens from here...In creating this autocratic organization, we created a democratic campaign, because people have made it go the direction they wanted it to go."
Release date change.
Initially, the album's release date was reported to be November 4, 2008—meaning that it would coincide with the 2008 presidential election. Fall Out Boy later announced on October 13, 2008, that the early November date was in doubt, citing concerns over the planned election day tie-in. The band stressed out and worked very hard on a tight deadline to get the album out on November 4. While on a promotional tour in Spain, the band realized that things were "spinning out of control", and, in a rushed-out statement, explained:
Deciding to postpone the album release in a season in which artists Kanye West ("808s & Heartbreak"), Britney Spears ("Circus") and Guns N' Roses ("Chinese Democracy") had already set release dates, the only one available was six weeks later than expected. It was soon announced that a new release date for "Folie" was December 16, 2008. Although December 16 was not an ideal date according to demographic marketing analysis, Stump said "we put our eight feet down told our label it must come out this year."
Reception.
Commercial performance.
"Folie à Deux" did not perform as well commercially as its predecessor, "Infinity on High". It debuted at number eight on the US "Billboard" 200 chart with first week sales of 150,000 copies during a highly competitive week with other big debuts, becoming Fall Out Boy's third consecutive top ten album. This is in contrast to the band's more successful previous effort which shifted 260,000 copies in its opening week to debut at number one the chart. "Folie" spent two weeks within the top 20 out of its 22 chart weeks. It also entered "Billboard"'s Rock Albums and Alternative Albums charts at number three. With 39,000 digital downloads as part of its sales totals in its debut week, the record opened at number one on "Billboard" Digital Albums chart, the band's second number one album on that chart. Fall Out Boy was bested in their chart debut by R&B singers Keyshia Cole—whose "A Different Me" landed at number two on sales of more than 321,000—and Jamie Foxx, whose "Intuition" logged 265,000 for a number three debut. Taylor Swift's "Fearless" reigned at number one during that week. Within two months of its release, "Folie à Deux" was certified Gold in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), denoting shipments of 500,000 copies.
Outside the United States, the album was also less widely successful than "Infinity on High" but managed to reach the top 10 in Australia where it received a Platinum certification from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) for shipments of 70,000 units. On the Australian chart, the record debuted and peaked at number nine and spent its first seven weeks within the top 20 out of its fifteen weeks in the top 40. In the United Kingdom, the album spent six weeks on the UK Albums Chart and was later certified Silver by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for the shipments of 60,000 units. "Folie" logged 12 weeks on the New Zealand Albums Chart with a peak of 26. The album also peaked at number twenty-one on the Top Canadian Albums chart.
Singles.
Three singles were released from the album: "I Don't Care", "America's Suitehearts" and "What a Catch, Donnie". As part of a new marketing ploy, Fall Out Boy released several songs on iTunes before the release of "Folie à Deux". When purchased, the songs would go towards purchasing the entire album as part of the "Complete My Album" feature. The lead single, "I Don't Care" was released on September 8, 2008, reaching a peak at number twenty-one on the "Bilboard" Hot 100. It was certified Platinum by the RIAA for shipments of one million copies. In Australia, the song peaked at number twenty on the ARIA singles chart, being certified Gold by the ARIA, denoting shipments of 35,000 units. The music video for the single was released on the internet on September 25, but was pulled from iTunes and YouTube shortly after. Wentz wrote angrily on his blog, finding the video was full of product placement shots for Nokia phones.
"I Don't Care" was followed by the digital release of "Headfirst Slide into Cooperstown on a Bad Bet" on October 7, 2008. It debuted and peaked at number 74 on the Hot 100 and on the Digital Songs chart at number 40. It also reached the Canadian charts at number 64. Contrary to popular misconception, the song was not an actual single, rather it was just a song posted online. The second digital song, "What a Catch, Donnie", was released a short time later on October 15, 2008, charting at number 94 on the Hot 100, number fifty-three on Digital Songs and number ninety-five in Canada week of November 1. The release was followed by the Suave Suarez remix of "I Don't Care" on November 4. The second radio single, "America's Suitehearts" was also released digitally to iTunes on December 2, 2008.
"Headfirst Slide Into Cooperstown on a Bad Bet", "What a Catch, Donnie" and "America's Suitehearts" were digitally released before the album as part of iTunes' "Complete My Album" feature. "America's Suitehearts" was then commissioned as the album's second single on January 12, 2009. As a single it reached number 78 on the Hot 100, number 71 on Digital Songs week ending May 16, 2009, as well as peaking at number 30 on the Pop Songs chart on April 25. In Australia, the song hit number 26 and logged in at number ninety-seven in the UK. "What a Catch, Donnie" was later issued as "Folie à Deux"'s third and last single later. However, it did not re-enter any charts. Music videos were created for each.
Critical response.
The album received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 73, based on 12 reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews". Dan Martin of "NME" gave the record a very positive review, calling a "defining statement" with the band's "most stylistically hatstand-but-indisputably-best songs yet." He wrote, "We're not saying it's as good as genre watermarks "American Idiot" or "The Black Parade". We're just saying it comes close," closing with calling it a "staggering achievement." Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic rated the album four out of five stars and compared it to labelmate Panic! at the Disco's effort earlier in the year, "Pretty. Odd." He wrote that "Fall Out Boy capture the Zeitgeist of the latter half of the 2000s better than any band: there's so much going on in "Folie à Deux", you either choose to take it all seriously or take none of it. Fall Out Boy make as much sense when heard either way." Scott Heisel wrote for "Alternative Press", commending the band for their "creativity, ingenuity and willingness to try just about anything." He compared the meaning of the term folie à deux ("a madness shared by two") to the two very distinct feelings expressed in the different sides of the record, calling the album a good representation of the band's career.
Many critics commented on the album's musical experimentation. Jody Rosen of "Rolling Stone", in his review, stated that "the musical mix on "Folie à Deux" suggests a band with an advanced case of ADD, ricocheting between genres and eras, tempos and time signatures, often several times in a given song." "Spin"s David Marchese complemented the album's forays into strange territories, calling tracks such as "I Don't Care" and "What a Catch, Donnie" impressive. "Rock Sound"'s Faye Lewis also enjoyed the variety, calling the album "a non-stop exotic cabaret for the ears, delivering a far-reaching selection of songs that leap between a blend of catchy pop punk." However, some critics felt that the band was excessive in its attempts to create a diverse work. Margaret Wappler of the "Los Angeles Times" believed that ""Folie à Deux" imagines itself in the stadium. [...] It's not that FOB can't have grandiosity, but every stadium needs open air." She called the album's sounds a "pleasure bot of right-now pop, adroitly programmed with crunchy '80s melodies, emo's dark prowess and symphonies à la "Sgt. Pepper's"," while stating "For all the steps forward, "Folie a Deux" also seems to contain a microchip for its own destruction."
"Q" called the album "a barrelling, hugely confident record that should see Fall Out Boy swiftly elevated into mainstream rock's premier league," and "Blender" called it "the brightest, breeziest, giddiest record Fall Out Boy have ever made." "Blender" ranked "Folie" at number 10 on its 33 best albums of the year list. Jaimie Hodgson of "The Observer" complemented producer Neal Avron's "squeaky clean" production. In a more negative review of the album, Jesse Cataldo of "Slant" wrote that "the band's songs are catchy at heart, enjoyable in a trifling but substantial way, until they're smeared with layer after layer of smarm, nullifying any chance of their music being consumed as a simple, empty pleasure." Cataldo also expressed displeasure with Lil Wayne's performance as well as production from Pharrell Williams, which he deemed a "promising concept [...] quickly discarded", summarizing that, ""Folie à Deux" seems to prove, if nothing else, that Fall Out Boy is good at masking their best qualities and pushing forward their most annoying ones."
Tours and performances.
The day before "Folie à Deux" arrived in stores (December 15), Fall Out Boy had planned on staging an impromptu concert in New York City's Washington Square Park. However, the band did not obtain a permit to do so. Taking inspiration from Bob Dylan and similar folk singers from the 1960s, the group wanted to do something free and spontaneous as a gift to fans. The band and its management argued with the NYPD about allowing the show to go on. In the end, they were told that picking up any instruments would earn them a trip to jail, so the band instead led the audience in a sing-along. Stump sang while Wentz and Trohman played air guitar and Hurley drummed on his knees. Stump later commented in an interview that "Those cops back there—and I have no problem with the cops, trust me—but those cops were like the Grinch. They just took all the presents."
On January 20, 2009, Fall Out Boy performed at the 'Be The Change' Youth Ball, which celebrated the inauguration of President Barack Obama. The group was invited to perform by Washington, D.C. mayor Adrian Fenty, who was also a fan of the band. At the ball, the band jokingly dedicated a performance of "Thnks fr th Mmrs" to former president George W. Bush. Upon meeting Obama, Wentz remarked "It's mind-blowing. It's one of those things where it's such an amazing experience—just being in his presence is amazing."
To promote the album, Fall Out Boy embarked on the Believers Never Die Tour Part Deux, which included dates in the United States and Canada. The name of the tour was based on the band's 2004 Believers Never Die Tour. In keeping with the political themes of "Folie à Deux", the tour featured symbolic commentary on the current state of corporate America. The group began the sets with a "corporate retreat" in which the group performed in dress suits with policemen in riot gear playing drums by the side of the stage. Afterwards, the band would change to casual attire for the rest of the set. Wentz noted that the purpose of the formal dress was to demonstrate "how the rich rob the poor", and encouraged fans to direct attention to poverty-stricken nations such as Sri Lanka and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The supporting acts on the tour were Cobra Starship, All Time Low, Metro Station, and Hey Monday. For five dates on the tour, Fall Out Boy brought along rapper 50 Cent. Wentz explained, "We've been fans of since we heard 'Wanksta' in "8 Mile". We've wanted to do something with him , and having him out on the tour is gonna take the show to a whole new level. It's exciting to bring two different genres together and give the fans a new experience". The rapper had similar feelings about the situation: "This will be a major moment in music history. Joining forces with Fall Out Boy, one of the most dynamic rock bands in the industry, will be an exciting and historic event for rock and hip-hop." Due to the conflicting fan opinion regarding the album, concertgoers would "boo the band for performing numbers from the record in concert", leaving Stump to describe touring in support of "Folie" as like "being the last act at the vaudeville show: We were rotten vegetable targets in Clandestine hoods." "Some of us were miserable onstage," said Trohman. "Others were just drunk."

</doc>
<doc id="19031611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031611" title="Captain Pantoja and the Special Services (2000 film)">
Captain Pantoja and the Special Services (2000 film)

Captain Pantoja and the Special Services () is a 2000 Spanish-Peruvian film co-production directed by Francisco J. Lombardi. It is based on the eponymous comic novel by acclaimed Peruvian writer Mario Vargas Llosa. The film was chosen as Peru's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards, but did not manage to receive a nomination.
Plot.
The plot follows Captain Pantaleón Pantoja, a straightlaced army captain put in charge of creating a brothel for the army, in order to reduce the incidence of rape surrounding army bases and outposts. The first half of the movie focuses on the humor of the situation, as Pantaleon runs the brothel like an efficient branch of the army. The second half is more dramatic as the captain is changed by running the army brothel and focuses on his relationship with the prostitute Olga "the Colombian".

</doc>
<doc id="19031616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031616" title="Zopowy">
Zopowy

Zopowy is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. It lies approximately south-west of Głubczyce and south of the regional capital Opole.

</doc>
<doc id="19031627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031627" title="John Constable (Jesuit)">
John Constable (Jesuit)

John Constable (alias Lacey; pen-name Clerophilus Alethes) (born in Lincolnshire, 10 November 1676 or 1678; died 28 March 1743) was an English Jesuit controversial writer.
Life.
In 1695 he entered the Society of Jesus. For many years he served the Fitzherbert family at Swinnerton, where he is buried.
Works.
Constable's chief controversial opponents were:
The chief writings of Constable are:
Joseph Gillow enumerates a few other writings by Constable.

</doc>
<doc id="19031638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031638" title="Waldemar IV, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau">
Waldemar IV, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau

Waldemar IV, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau (died aft. 22 July 1417) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Dessau.
He was the eldest son of Sigismund I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, by his wife Judith, daughter of Gebhard XI, Count of Querfurt.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1405, Waldemar inherited his principality of Anhalt-Dessau, but had to ruled jointly with his younger brothers George I, Sigismund II, and Albert V by virtue of the family law of the House of Ascania, which stipulated no division of the territories of the principality.
Unmarried and childless at his death, Waldemar was succeeded by his brothers and co-rulers.

</doc>
<doc id="19031642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031642" title="1888 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1888 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1888 was the second series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. No All-Ireland final took place and the championship remains unfinished due to the North American invasion tour of Irish athletes, an unsuccessful attempt to raise funds for a revival of the Tailteann Games.
Teams.
A total of nine teams contested the championship, including five teams from the 1887 championship and four new entrants.
Format.
For the first time the championship was organised on a provincial basis. Two separate championships were played in Leinster and Munster with the winners meeting in the All-Ireland final.
Leinster Championship
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The four participating teams make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the Leinster final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners are declared Leinster champions and qualify for the All-Ireland final.
Munster Championship
"Quarter-final:" (1 match) This is a lone match between the first two team drawn from the province. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winners of the lone quarter-final join the three other teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the Munster final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners are declared Munster champions and qualify for the All-Ireland final.
All-Ireland Championship
"Final:" (1 match) The two provincial representatives from Leinster and Munster contest this game with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19031651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031651" title="Mike Inglis">
Mike Inglis

Mike Inglis is a Canadian sportscaster. He is the radio play-by-play voice of the National Basketball Association's Miami Heat.
Raised in Toronto, Ontario, Inglis is a graduate of Humber College. He began broadcasting in the early 1980s at CKAR in Oshawa, Ontario, providing play-by-play for the NASL's Toronto Blizzard. In 1987, he was briefly the radio play-by-play voice of the Indiana Pacers. He stayed in Indiana for a few more years, and served as the radio color commentator of the NFL's Indianapolis Colts from 1990–1991, alongside Bob Lamey.
In 1995, he became the first radio play-by-play man in Toronto Raptors history, broadcasting on CFRB 1010 alongside Paul Jones. After the 1997–98 season, the Raptors' radio rights were shifted to the Fan 590, and Inglis was subsequently hired by the Miami Heat in 1998. He has been the radio voice of the Heat for more than a decade.

</doc>
<doc id="19031668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031668" title="Beniowa">
Beniowa

Beniowa (, "Beniova") is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Lutowiska, south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The part of the village now in Ukraine, called "Biniova", has a population of about 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031670" title="Pycnodontiformes">
Pycnodontiformes

Pycnodontiformes is an extinct order of bony fish. The group evolved during the Late Triassic and disappeared during the Eocene. The group has been found in rock formations in Africa, Asia, Europe, North and South America. 
The pycnodontiforms were small to middle-sized fish, with laterally-compressed body and almost circular outline.
Pycnodontiform fishes lived mostly in shallow-water seas. They had special jaws with round and flattened teeth. well adapted to crush food items. One study links the dentine tubules in pycnodont teeth to comparable structures in the dermal denticles of "Cambro-Ordovician ostracoderm fish." (sic) Some species lived in rivers and possibly fed on molluscs and crustaceans.

</doc>
<doc id="19031671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031671" title="Bereżki">
Bereżki

Bereżki () is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The settlement has a population of 10.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031672" title="Brzegi Górne">
Brzegi Górne

Brzegi Górne () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031673" title="Kietlice">
Kietlice

Kietlice is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. It lies approximately north of Głubczyce and south of the regional capital Opole.

</doc>
<doc id="19031675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031675" title="Bukowiec, Bieszczady County">
Bukowiec, Bieszczady County

Bukowiec () is a former village, located in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Lutowiska, south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031691" title="Fire rake">
Fire rake

A fire rake is a wildland fire fighting tool. A fire rake has a wooden or fiberglass handle with a rake head consisting of four very sharp, serrated, triangular steel blades. It is used to rake a fire break with the sharp teeth enabling it to reach fire in undergrowth in addition to loose surface debris. Another type of fire rake which looks more like a steel rake but with sharp edges on the teeth, and is sometimes referred to as a rake hoe is called a McLeod. The teeth of the more traditional fire rake which resemble the teeth of a great white shark allow it to get deeper into the undergrowth when necessary. But the preference for one over the other is somewhat subjective.
A fire fighter will rake burning material back into the area already burned, or 'black', moving the fire from the fuel ahead of it creating a fire break. This allows the fire fighter to stay safely on the 'black', while quickly moving the fire away from further fuel. The burning material is left to burn itself out away from the edge of the fire line, or another fire fighter with a fire flapper will smother it if required. The tool will cut through any undergrowth that may be burning and overturn some soil further assisting in creating a fire break, smothering fire, and lowering the temperature of burning materials below their threshold of ignition.

</doc>
<doc id="19031694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031694" title="Caryńskie">
Caryńskie

Caryńskie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 3.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031695" title="Chmiel">
Chmiel

Chmiel is a Polish surname and toponym (meaning hops), it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19031696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031696" title="Chmiel, Bieszczady County">
Chmiel, Bieszczady County

Chmiel () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 149.

</doc>
<doc id="19031698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031698" title="Dwerniczek">
Dwerniczek

Dwerniczek (, "Dvernychok") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Lutowiska, south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031699" title="Dwernik">
Dwernik

Dwernik (, "Dvernyk") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031701" title="Dydiowa">
Dydiowa

Dydiowa (, "Dydiova") is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, on the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village of Dydiowa was founded in 1529 by the Cracow voivode Peter Kmita. In 1589 a church was built in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19031705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031705" title="Dźwiniacz Górny">
Dźwiniacz Górny

Dźwiniacz Górny () is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Lutowiska, south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031708" title="Timebomb (film)">
Timebomb (film)

Timebomb in film, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19031714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031714" title="Hulskie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Hulskie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Hulskie (, "Hil’s’ke") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 3.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031717" title="Krywe, Bieszczady County">
Krywe, Bieszczady County

Krywe (, "Kryve") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 2.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031719" title="Krywka">
Krywka

Krywka (, "Kryvka") is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Lutowiska, south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031723" title="Baranów, Busko County">
Baranów, Busko County

Baranów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031725" title="Bilczów">
Bilczów

Bilczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031726" title="Łokieć, Bieszczady County">
Łokieć, Bieszczady County

Łokieć (, "Lokot’") is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, on the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031731" title="Biniątki">
Biniątki

Biniątki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031732" title="Lutowiska">
Lutowiska

Lutowiska (, "Litovyshchi"; 1944-1957: "Shevchenko"/"Szewczenko") is a village in Bieszczady County, in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship of south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. 
It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lutowiska. It lies approximately south of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 750.

</doc>
<doc id="19031733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031733" title="Błoniec">
Błoniec

Błoniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031735" title="Nasiczne">
Nasiczne

Nasiczne (, "Nasichne") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 49.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031736" title="Captain Pantoja and the Special Services (disambiguation)">
Captain Pantoja and the Special Services (disambiguation)

Captain Pantoja and the Special Service is a 1973 novel.
Captain Pantoja and the Special Service may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19031738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031738" title="Bronina">
Bronina

Bronina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031739" title="Procisne">
Procisne

Procisne (, "Protisne") is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The settlement has a population of 52.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031741" title="Pszczeliny">
Pszczeliny

Pszczeliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 153.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031742" title="Budzyń, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Budzyń, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Budzyń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031746" title="Chotelek">
Chotelek

Chotelek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 281.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031747" title="Skorodne">
Skorodne

Skorodne (, "Skorodne") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 47.

</doc>
<doc id="19031755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031755" title="Smolnik, Bieszczady County">
Smolnik, Bieszczady County

Smolnik (, "Smil’nyk") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 182.

</doc>
<doc id="19031756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031756" title="Sokoliki Górskie">
Sokoliki Górskie

Sokoliki Górskie (, "Sokolyky Hirs’ki") is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Lutowiska, south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The part of the village on the Ukrainian side of the border is still populated.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031759" title="Dobrowoda, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Dobrowoda, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Dobrowoda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 470.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031760" title="Stuposiany">
Stuposiany

Stuposiany , "Stuposiany") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031762" title="Tarnawa Niżna">
Tarnawa Niżna

Tarnawa Niżna (, "Ternava Nyzhnia") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Lutowiska, south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031764" title="Elżbiecin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Elżbiecin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Elżbiecin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031765" title="Tarnawa Wyżna">
Tarnawa Wyżna

Tarnawa Wyżna (, "Ternava Vyzhnia") is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
It lies approximately south-east of Lutowiska, south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031767" title="Gadawa">
Gadawa

Gadawa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031769" title="Ustrzyki Górne">
Ustrzyki Górne

Ustrzyki Górne () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 114.

</doc>
<doc id="19031770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031770" title="Galów">
Galów

Galów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031771" title="Wołosate">
Wołosate

Wołosate (, "Volosate") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów. It is also the southernmost inhabited village in Poland.
The village has a population of 44.
Demographics.
The village's main language is Polish but there is a small group of Ukrainians speaking their native language. 97.3% of Wołosate is Polish while 2.4% is Ukrainian.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031773" title="Janina, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Janina, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Janina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 450.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031774" title="Zatwarnica">
Zatwarnica

Zatwarnica (, "Zatvarnytsia") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 238.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031777" title="Llanbedr (disambiguation)">
Llanbedr (disambiguation)

Llanbedr (literally, church of St Peter in English) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19031779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031779" title="Kameduły">
Kameduły

Kameduły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031781" title="Żurawin, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Żurawin, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Żurawin (, "Zhuravyn") is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Lutowiska, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031782" title="Kawczyce">
Kawczyce

Kawczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031783" title="Kokoszki (disambiguation)">
Kokoszki (disambiguation)

Kokoszki is a district of Gdańsk, Poland.
Kokoszki may also refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19031786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031786" title="Kołaczkowice">
Kołaczkowice

Kołaczkowice may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19031788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031788" title="USNS Thomas G. Thompson (T-AGOR-9)">
USNS Thomas G. Thompson (T-AGOR-9)

USNS "Thomas G. Thompson" (T-AGOR-9) was a "Robert D. Conrad"-class oceanographic research ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1965. She performed oceanographic work for various educational institutions, under various names, including R/V "Thomas G. Thompson" (AGOR-9), R/V "Thomas G. Thompson" (IX-517), R/V "Pacific Escort II" (IX-517), and R/V "Gosport" (IX-517).
Built at Marinette, Wisconsin.
"Thomas G. Thompson" (AGOR-9) was laid down on 12 September 1963 at Marinette, Wisconsin, by the Marinette Marine Corp.; launched on 18 July 1964; sponsored by Mrs. Isabel Thompson, the widow of Professor Thompson; and delivered to the Navy on 4 September 1965.
Serving the University of Washington.
Specially designed for oceanographic research work, "Thomas G. Thompson" was transferred to the University of Washington, for service with that institution's oceanographic department, in a ceremony at the Boston Naval Shipyard on 21 September 1965. Manned by a civilian crew but under the technical control of the Oceanographer of the Navy, "Thomas G. Thompson" conducted oceanographic research, performing experiments supporting the national oceanographic programs of the United States into 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19031789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031789" title="Kołaczkowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Kołaczkowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Kołaczkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Busko-Zdrój and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 520.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031796" title="Kostki Duże">
Kostki Duże

Kostki Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031800" title="Kostki Małe">
Kostki Małe

Kostki Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031805" title="Richard Palmer">
Richard Palmer

Richard Palmer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19031806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031806" title="Kotki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Kotki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Kotki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031811" title="Łagiewniki, Busko County">
Łagiewniki, Busko County

Łagiewniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031813" title="Las Winiarski">
Las Winiarski

Las Winiarski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.

</doc>
<doc id="19031814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031814" title="Giving You the Best That I Got (song)">
Giving You the Best That I Got (song)

"Giving You the Best That I Got" is a song by American R&B recording artist Anita Baker (see 1988 in music). The song appears on Baker's album of the same name, which was released in the fall of that year. The song was written by Baker, Skip Scarborough and Randy Holland.
Chart performance.
The song was Baker's highest charting hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100, where it peaked at number three in December 1988. It also spent two weeks at number one on the "Billboard" R&B chart in November 1988, Baker's first number one on this tally. In addition, the song spent one week atop the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart in December 1988.
Awards.
The song "Giving You the Best That I Got" was released prior to the Grammy Awards eligibility cutoff date of September 30, allowing it to be nominated for four awards at the Grammy Awards of 1989. The song won in the categories Best Female R&B Vocal performance and Best R&B Song; it was also nominated for both Record of the Year and Song of the Year. The album "Giving You the Best That I Got" was released in October 1988, meaning that it would not be eligible for Grammy consideration until the 1990 ceremony. There, Baker's album won in the category Best Female R&B Vocal Performance, earning her the same award two years running for a song and album of the same title.
Songwriter Skip Scarborough had offered the song to various singers, including Howard Hewett, without success. Prior to recording the song, Baker made some changes to the original, including improvising a scat opening and requesting that the tempo of the song be increased.
See also.
billboard hot year end chart 1989 #10

</doc>
<doc id="19031816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031816" title="Mikułowice">
Mikułowice

Mikułowice may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19031817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031817" title="1893 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1893 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1893 was the seventh series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Cork won the championship, beating Kilkenny in the final.
Format.
Leinster Championship
"Final:" (1 match) The two participating teams make up the two final teams. One team is eliminated at this stage with the winners advancing to the All-Ireland final.
Munster Championship
"Semi-final:" (1 match) This is a lone semi-final between the first two teams drawn from the province of Munster. One team is eliminated at this stage with the winners advancing to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the lone semi-final join the remaining Munster team to make up the two final teams.
two participating teams make up the two final teams. One team is eliminated at this stage with the winners advancing to the All-Ireland final.
All-Ireland Championship
"Final:" (1 match) The two provincial representatives make up the two final teams with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19031818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031818" title="Mikułowice, Busko County">
Mikułowice, Busko County

Mikułowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031822" title="Górki, Brzozów County">
Górki, Brzozów County

Górki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Brzozów and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,800.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031823" title="Grabownica Starzeńska">
Grabownica Starzeńska

Grabownica Starzeńska (, "Hrabivnytsia") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brzozów and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 3,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031825" title="Młyny, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Młyny, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Młyny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031826" title="Humniska">
Humniska

Humniska (, "Humnys’ka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brzozów and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 4,300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031827" title="Stara Wieś, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Stara Wieś, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Stara Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Brzozów and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 3,500. The lands on which Stara Wies and its immediate neighbor Brzozow lay today, in ancient times,in the early 14th century, consisted of birch forest (hence the name Brzozow - a variant of Brzoza, meaning birch tree). On October 2, 1359, King Casimir the Great at Kraków granted to Stefan Wojosta, a royal knight, the privilege of establishing a village in a forest named Brzozowe. That name was also adopted as the name for Wojosta's settlement. Later, variant names appeared in documents: Bresen (1384), Brzozowo (1403), Brzozowa (1437). At some point in the late 14th century, another settlement was built near the original village for defensive purposes.
Over time this second settlement took on the name of Brzozow while the original settlement became
known as Stara Wies meaning Old Village. The King's grant consisted of 50 franconian lans (about 3000 acres) 
distributed as follows—3 lans for the village elder, 2 lans for maintenance of the church, two common lans for grazing - and the
remaining 43 lans for settlers with one lan to each of them as set by the Magdeburg colonization
laws. A franconian lan was considered in medieval times the amount of land necessary to operate a fully self-sufficient farm.
A church building was funded as part of the settlement. The first church, named Corpus Christi, was built between 1359 and 1375. A second church, named Birth of Our Holy Lady, was built in 1698 replacing the three century old wooden structure. It contained three altars. In 1730 construction commenced on the present brick church of the Assumption of the Most Holy Virgin.

</doc>
<doc id="19031829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031829" title="Nowa Wieś, Gmina Busko-Zdrój">
Nowa Wieś, Gmina Busko-Zdrój

Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031830" title="Turze Pole">
Turze Pole

Turze Pole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów, within Brzozów County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. The village has a population of 1,040. The highest point in Turze Pole is the hill located just north of the village named Patria which is 383 meter above the water level. According to local legend, the hill and the surrounding forest contain hidden tunnels which the local population used as a safe haven.
History.
The first known mention of the village is from 1420. The village was founded on Magdeburg Law and was initially owned by the Błoński family. The village center was the location of the Błoński brick manor house along with ten wooden buildings, an orchard, and a pond. Across from the manor house in 1791 a shrine was built which housed the statue of St.John of Nepomuk. In the first half of the 18th century the village belonged to Marie Łazowski, and then to Count Francis Starzenski (1769–1828).By the end of the 18th century, the village had grown to forty cottages. Shortly after his death, his children in sold the property in 1832 to John and Tekla from Świrskich Leszczynski . In 1891 the property was sold to Adam Ostaszewski from Wzdów, who was one of the pioneers of Polish aviation. By the end of the 19th century, there were two inns and a folwark that were operating in the village center. Turze Pole remained the property of The Ostaszewskis up until the end of World War II, due to the result of an agrarian reform by the Polish Committee of National Liberation, making it the property of the National Treasury.
Discovery of crude oil.
During the 1890s, the village became well known for its oil extraction site that was located in the nearby forest. The first hydrocarbon exploration in the area started in 1885, which resulted with positive results. The year of 1890 marked the beginning of oil extraction operations . The peak production in this area was in 1910 and by 1914 there was a total of 14 completed oil wells. From 1914 to 1939, the total number of oil wells was increased to 35. During the Second World War, as a result of the increase of demand for crude oil, 29 new wells were added to the existing 35. The years of 1948-1950 marked the last years of the high rate of production for the area. The drilling site is still in operation today.
Volunteer fire brigade.
The Turze Pole volunteer fire brigade was established in 1907. Its founders were Jan Czechowski, Jan Władyka and the local school teacher Antoni Zgrych. For the newly created organization, a building measuring 5m x 4m was built and it housed the first equipment of the OSP: a horse-drawn fire pump as well as a number of smaller hoses and hand pumps. May 28, 1978 the original "Fireman's House" was given to the use of the village. In 2007, the OSP celebrated its 100 anniversary of its founding.
World War II.
During the Second World War, the village was the base of a polish Home Army partisan group under the command of lieutenant Wojciech Rosolski, "Skalny". The group committed multiple acts of sabotage on the oil wells located nearby which were well planned out in order to avoid any German reprisals against the workers. The group had members who came from Turze Pole as well as the neighboring villages of Jasionów, Humniska, Zmiennica, and Buków. One of the unit's hideouts as well as communication points was the house of Franciszek Konopka. Konopka was a soldier during the September campaign in the 12 Kresowy Light Artillery Regiment, however he was captured by the Soviets from which he escaped and returned from the soviet occupied area of Poland back to Turze Pole by December 1939. The house was used by the partisans when they needed to hide for a couple of days as well as the drop-off and pick-up place for the underground mail and communication network.The family of the commander of the partisan group was also actively involved in the underground conspiracy. The brother of the commander, Tadeusz Rosolski, was taken by the Gestapo and was executed in Jasło. The group operated in the region between the cities of Krosno and Sanok. The main objective of the group was to limit the extraction of crude oil in the area. The group also undertook a number of armed actions against the Germans such as the failed attempt on the life of the local German Gendarmerie "Jocha", who was the commandant of the German police station in Haczów. The attempt took place in the village of Jasionów and Rosolski was the first to open fire but he had shot wide and missed the gendarmerie. Another armed attack was directed on two armored cars by three partisans, which resulted as a failure but without partisan casualties. Other active members of the resistance were local school teacher Karol Toczyński, who was active in the propaganda section of the resistance from 1942. In 1944, Rosolski was replaced by his adjutant, lieutenant Adam Hędrzak. Once the Soviets arrived, the group again faced arrests and interrogations, this time from the hands of the UB. During the occupation, the old quarries located around Patria served as a place of refuge for Jews and others who were persecuted by the Nazi regime. The local forests around Turze Pole served as hideouts for the local Home Army partisan as well as for the anti-communist group under Major Żubryd who operated in this region after the war.
Recent history.
In the years of 1989-1991, the parish church, Church of the Invocation of Divine Mercy, was built under the direction of architects Zdzisław Wojdanowski and Lucjan Krynicki from Brzozów. In the years of 1995-1996 under the initiative of the village pastor, Fr.Henryk Hazik, a monograph of the village was created.
Important figures from Turze Pole.
In 1941, professor. Dr. Valerian Pańko was born in Turze Pole. He was a lawyer, president of Supreme Chamber of Control of the Republic of Poland who died in a mysterious car accident on October 7, 1991 during the investigation of the controversial FOZZ affair, which he was heading at the time. Since 1980, he was involved in the activities of the trade union Solidarity. He was an advisor during strikes in Rzeszow as well as in Ustrzyki Dolne. He is buried next to his father in the neighboring village of Jasionów.

</doc>
<doc id="19031834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031834" title="Skubiszewski">
Skubiszewski

Skubiszewski may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19031835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031835" title="Wola Górecka">
Wola Górecka

Wola Górecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów, within Brzozów County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031838" title="Nowy Folwark, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Nowy Folwark, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Nowy Folwark is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031839" title="Zmiennica">
Zmiennica

Zmiennica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Brzozów and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031840" title="Oleszki">
Oleszki

Oleszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031842" title="Olganów">
Olganów

Olganów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031847" title="Owczary, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Owczary, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Owczary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031848" title="Barycz, Brzozów County">
Barycz, Brzozów County

Barycz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaradz, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Brzozów and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031850" title="Palonki">
Palonki

Palonki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Busko-Zdrój and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031851" title="Domaradz">
Domaradz

Domaradz may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19031854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031854" title="Pęczelice">
Pęczelice

Pęczelice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031855" title="Domaradz, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Domaradz, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Domaradz is a village in Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Domaradz. It lies approximately north-west of Brzozów and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 3,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031856" title="Podgaje">
Podgaje

Podgaje may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19031857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031857" title="Golcowa">
Golcowa

Golcowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaradz, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Brzozów and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 2,200.
In the village are two schools and two churches, larch in this historic parish church. St. Barbara was built probably in 1485. This monument is located on the Wooden Architecture list.
The village is covered with hills. There were oil deposits. There are hills reaching 478 meters above sea level. Beautiful views, forests, hills, unspoilt natural environment, scenic river Golcówka, these are the natural qualities of the village.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031859" title="Podgaje, Busko County">
Podgaje, Busko County

Podgaje is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031864" title="Radzanów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Radzanów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Radzanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031867" title="Ruczynów">
Ruczynów

Ruczynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031868" title="Siesławice">
Siesławice

Siesławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031870" title="Skorzów">
Skorzów

Skorzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031872" title="Skotniki Duże">
Skotniki Duże

Skotniki Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031874" title="Skotniki Małe">
Skotniki Małe

Skotniki Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031875" title="Rae River">
Rae River

The Rae River (Pallirk) is a waterway that flows from Akuliakattak Lake into Richardson Bay, Coronation Gulf. Its mouth is situated northwest of Kugluktuk, Nunavut. Its shores were the ancestral home of Copper Inuit subgroups: the Kanianermiut (also known as Uallirgmiut) (located at the river's headwaters) and the Pallirmiut (located at the river's mouth).
The Rae River is named in honor of Scottish Arctic explorer John Rae.

</doc>
<doc id="19031876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031876" title="Słabkowice">
Słabkowice

Słabkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031878" title="Dydnia">
Dydnia

Dydnia (, "Dydnia") is a village in Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dydnia. It lies approximately east of Brzozów and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031879" title="Służów">
Służów

Służów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031882" title="Szaniec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Szaniec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Szaniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 770. It gives its name to the protected area called Szaniec Landscape Park.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031884" title="Grabówka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Grabówka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Grabówka (, "Hrabivka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Dydnia, east of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031885" title="Szczaworyż">
Szczaworyż

Szczaworyż is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 230.

</doc>
<doc id="19031886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031886" title="Glenn Neville Ford">
Glenn Neville Ford

An alleged member of Jamaat ul-Fuqra, Glenn Neville Ford was one of five men arrested in 1993. He was accused of plotting to bomb a Hindu temple and Indian theatre in Toronto, Canada.
A native of Trinidad, Ford was considered the leader of the group. However he was found innocent as it was proved in court he was not connected to the plot

</doc>
<doc id="19031888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031888" title="Jabłonica Ruska">
Jabłonica Ruska

Jabłonica Ruska (, "Yablunytsia Rus’ka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Dydnia, east of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031889" title="Wełecz">
Wełecz

Wełecz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 560.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031893" title="Widuchowa, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Widuchowa, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Widuchowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 658.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031896" title="Wolica, Gmina Busko-Zdrój">
Wolica, Gmina Busko-Zdrój

Wolica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031897" title="Jabłonka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Jabłonka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Jabłonka (, "Yablinka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Dydnia, east of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031900" title="Frank Barnes">
Frank Barnes

Frank Barnes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19031902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031902" title="Zbludowice">
Zbludowice

Zbludowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 1,108.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031903" title="Zbrodzice">
Zbrodzice

Zbrodzice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031904" title="Końskie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Końskie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Końskie (, "Kins’ke") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dydnia, east of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031907" title="Żerniki Górne">
Żerniki Górne

Żerniki Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031908" title="Krzemienna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Krzemienna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Krzemienna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Dydnia, east of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031909" title="Zwierzyniec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Zwierzyniec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Zwierzyniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 115.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031911" title="Krzywe, Brzozów County">
Krzywe, Brzozów County

Krzywe (, "Kryve") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dydnia, east of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031914" title="Niebocko">
Niebocko

Niebocko (, "Nebits’ko") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Dydnia, east of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031918" title="Niewistka">
Niewistka

Niewistka (, "Nevistka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dydnia, east of Brzozów, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 340.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031919" title="Charmed awards and nominations">
Charmed awards and nominations

This article lists the awards and nominations received by the television series "Charmed" from its network premier on October 7, 1998 to the present day. 
Awards won.
Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences:
ASCAP Award:
BAFTA/LA Britannia Award:
Cult TV Awards:
Cable Guide Award (UK):
EDGE Awards:
Family Television Awards:
Golden Tater Award:
Hollywood Post Alliance Awards:
RATTY Awards:
Series Magazine Awards:
Tubey Awards:
TV Land Award:
Young Artist Award:
Awards nominated.
Cult TV Festival Award:
Hollywood Makeup Artist and Hair Stylist Guild Award:
Image Award:
International Horror Guild:
Kids' Choice Awards:
RATTY Awards:
Saturn Award:
Spacey Awards:
TP de Oro (Spain):
Television Critics Association Award:
TV Guide Award:
Teen Choice Award:
Wand Awards:
Young Artist Award:

</doc>
<doc id="19031921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031921" title="Obarzym">
Obarzym

Obarzym (, "Obarym") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Dydnia, east of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031925" title="Balice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Balice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Balice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031926" title="Temeszów">
Temeszów

Temeszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Dydnia, east of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 380.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031932" title="Witryłów">
Witryłów

Witryłów (, "Vitryliv") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dydnia, east of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031935" title="1894 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1894 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1894 was the eighth series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Cork won the championship, beating Dublin in the final.
Teams.
A total of five teams contested the championship.
Dublin (Rapparees) and Kilkenny (Confederation) were the only teams to enter the Leinster championship. They both automatically qualified for the provincial final.
Four teams, Cork (Blackrock), Kerry (Kilmoyley), Limerick and Tipperary (Drombane), contested the Munster championship.
There were no provincial championships in either Connacht or Ulster.
Format.
Munster Championship
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The four participating teams make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advanced to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The two semi-final winners contest this game. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the All-Ireland final.
All-Ireland Championship
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the Munster championship play Dublin, the sole representatives of the Leinster championship, who received a bye to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19031936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031936" title="Wydrna">
Wydrna

Wydrna (, "Vyderna") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Dydnia, north-east of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031937" title="Bugaj, Busko County">
Bugaj, Busko County

Bugaj is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031940" title="Falki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Falki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Falki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031942" title="Glinka, Busko County">
Glinka, Busko County

Glinka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031947" title="Gnojno, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Gnojno, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Gnojno is a village in Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Gnojno. It lies approximately north-east of Busko-Zdrój and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031950" title="Gorzakiew">
Gorzakiew

Gorzakiew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031953" title="Grabki Małe">
Grabki Małe

Grabki Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031956" title="Janowice Poduszowskie">
Janowice Poduszowskie

Janowice Poduszowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031957" title="Buków, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Buków, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Buków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Haczów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Haczów, south-west of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów. The village has a population of around 300 people.
History.
The village is mentioned in documents as Bucowe (1430), de Bucowa/ de Bukowe (1437), Bukowa (1439), de Buccowo (1442), and Bukow (1464). The name of the village originates from the beech tree forest that once populated the area where the village is located.The village is first mentioned in legal documents in 1445 when the owner of the village, Jerzy Czeszykowicz, was trying to establish the border between the villages of Buków and Jasionów. In 1447 – 1448 the border between Buków and Wzdów was established on the Smynycza brook. In the following years, the borders between Trześniów were established.
The owner of Buków between the years of 1429 – 1480, Jerzy Czeszykowicz, was an interesting historical figure. Adam Fastnacht mentions several disputes involving Jerzy Czeszykowich. In 1429, he ambushed Dobiesław Pilawe from Jasionów for which he was sued by Paweł and Szczepan from Jasionów, Maciej – sołtys from Lalin as well as Jan from Turze Pole and many others. In 1435 Czeszykowicz wounded Maciej (sołtys from Lalin) as well as getting into brawls and wounding Paweł Szafrot from Trześniów in 436. He was also accused by the nobleman Jartka de Sboyno and Paweł for robbing and murdering in 1448 their brother, Jan Mazowszanin. Also in the same year, Czeszykowicz was sentenced for helping the local noblemen ambush the servant of the starosta and for releasing from him the known robber Jakub Kokoszkę as well as providing him shelter in his home.
Even for these many criminal actions, Czeszykowicz continued to increase his property fairly well. As the local historian and author, Jerzy F. Adamski writes, "In the year of 1447, Czeszykowicz acquired Srogów Górny followed by in 1450 and 1454 from Marcin and Henryk Kamieniecki a part of Jasienica. Later on he was able to acquire the Wole Jasienicką (1460), Łodzin (1458), Postów , Wole Postołowską, and Huzele in 1460 . From the lands around Przemyśl, he acquired from Mikołaj from Waprowic, Tarnowce". Czeszykowicz was able to acquire all of these lands through taking loans from Leonardo Pobiedna, Jerzy Matiaszowicz, Starosta Jan Kuropatw, Mikołaj Pienąż, and Henryk Kamieniecki.
In multiple documents, Jerzy Czeszykowicz is also mentioned/referenced as Jerzy Czeszyk and Jerzy Bukowski. He was married in 1443 to Katarzyna with whom he had five children: Mikołaj, Dziersław, Jan, Jerzy, and Katarzyna. His son, Jerzy, inherited his father's bad temper and reputation as was sentenced in 1493 for the rape of Małgorzate, the wife of Gregosz Teschar from Brzozów.
In the 19th century, the village was owned by Rafał Kołłątaj, who also owned Trześniów. After his death, his daughter, Maria, inherited the village which she had later submitted it in charity in 1853 to the institute of the deaf and blind in Lwów as well as the orphans of the Sacre-Coeur monastery.
During the second world war, the villagers were active in the Polish Home Army unit located in neighboring Trześniów.
Present Day.
In the modern day, the villagers are members of the Trześniów parish of St. Stanislaw Bishop. Trześniów is also where the school children attend preschool,elementary school and Gymnasium. Buków also has its own volunteer fire station.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031958" title="Janowice Raczyckie">
Janowice Raczyckie

Janowice Raczyckie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031960" title="Jabłonica Polska">
Jabłonica Polska

Jabłonica Polska (, "Yablunytsia Pol’s’ka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Haczów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Haczów, west of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,076.

</doc>
<doc id="19031965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031965" title="Jasionów, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Jasionów, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Jasionów (, "Yaseniv") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Haczów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Haczów, south-west of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031966" title="Japanese destroyer Matsu">
Japanese destroyer Matsu

Japanese destroyer "Matsu" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19031968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031968" title="1991 Toronto bomb plot">
1991 Toronto bomb plot

In 1991, Canadian authorities arrested five men of Trinidadian and Dominican ethnicity, and accused them of ties to Jamaat ul-Fuqra and plotting to bomb a Hindu temple and Indian theatre in the Greater Toronto Area. Not to be confused with the 2006 Ontario terrorism plot.
Arrests.
Four of the men tried to cross the Rainbow Bridge into the United States in October 1991. Customs officials searched their Buick and Chevrolet Suburban and found "detailed plans to bomb a York Region Hindu temple and an Indian theater in Toronto", including aerial photographs and blueprints of the Vishnu Mandir Temple and India Centre cinema, as well as references to a "hit team," a "guard team" and "recon team", and amateur videotapes of the men, and the interiors of the buildings.
Each of the men were charged with conspiracy to commit mischief and conspiracy to commit murder.
Trial.
Eight men were accused in total. One was dismissed. Fongenie escaped to Pakistan. A Brooklyn man pleaded guilty to weapons offences. Ford, the three Texans and another Toronto man, Khidr Ali, were sent to trial.
The trial was moved to St. Catharines from Toronto, and began in October 1993 The Metro Toronto Police, in a move later attributed to the fact they "still really didn't know what to do with their intelligence unit", assigned their security intelligence officers to take up heavy arms and guard the courthouse.
Assistant Crown Attorney Philip Enright described documents found in the defendants' cars that suggested entering a building through a men's washroom window, and possibly having a female operative planting a bomb in the women's washroom.
It was revealed that the Chevrolet searched at the border belonged to American Wilfred Savary, and that the men had phoned him thirty times from the car phone in the vehicle. A search of Savary's apartment revealed nine semi-automatic firearms.
The three Americans were deported from Canada after their sentences were completed in April 2006, and Harris was added to the TSA's no-fly list, as was Wesley and his aliases "Robert Fitz Clarence", "Bobby Johnson" and "Wali Muhammad".

</doc>
<doc id="19031972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031972" title="Januszowice, Busko County">
Januszowice, Busko County

Januszowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031976" title="Malinówka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Malinówka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Malinówka (, "Malynivka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Haczów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Haczów, west of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031980" title="Jarząbki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Jarząbki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Jarząbki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031981" title="Trześniów, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Trześniów, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Trześniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Haczów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies in the valley of the Wisłok river, approximately south-east of Haczów, south-west of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów. The village has a population of 1,300.
History.
The village was founded probably in 1419 and settled around the end of the 14th century, as a native Polish village. The neighbouring village of Haczów was founded as a German settlement. In the second half of the 16th century the owners of the land the Błońscy changed the Catholic Church in Jasionów to a Calvin church. In 1592 another church for Catholics was built. In 1644 under the Lublin tribunal ruling the Protestants were forced to give the churches back to the Catholics. Until 1772 the village was Grabińscy-Tarłowie property, after 1772 it was Count Ignacy Cetner's. 
In 1880 the population of the village was 1,268 including 1,232 Poles.

</doc>
<doc id="19031985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031985" title="Kostera">
Kostera

Kostera is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031987" title="Wzdów">
Wzdów

Wzdów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Haczów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Haczów, south of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów. The village has a population of 1,000. The palace at Wzdów was the seat the Polish noble family of Ostoja-Ostaszewski. After the expropriation of landlords in Poland by the communist regime in 1944/1945, the palace fell into ruin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031991" title="Maciejowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Maciejowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Maciejowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031994" title="Płośnia">
Płośnia

Płośnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031998" title="Poręba, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Poręba, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Poręba is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19031999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19031999" title="Pożogi">
Pożogi

Pożogi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Busko-Zdrój and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032007" title="Raczyce, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Raczyce, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Raczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032008" title="Jasienica Rosielna">
Jasienica Rosielna

Jasienica Rosielna is a village in Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Jasienica Rosielna. It lies approximately north-west of Brzozów and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 2,100.
History.
As a result of the first of Partitions of Poland (Treaty of St-Petersburg dated 5 July 1772, Jasienica (and the Galicia) was attributed to the Habsburg Monarchy. It was part of the "Bezirkshauptmannschaft Brzozow" (Brzozów County).
For more details, see the article Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria.

</doc>
<doc id="19032014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032014" title="Ruda, Busko County">
Ruda, Busko County

Ruda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032015" title="Orzechówka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Orzechówka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Orzechówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasienica Rosielna, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Jasienica Rosielna, north-west of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,550.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032017" title="Rzeszutki">
Rzeszutki

Rzeszutki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032018" title="Wola Jasienicka">
Wola Jasienicka

Wola Jasienicka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasienica Rosielna, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Jasienica Rosielna, north-west of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 670.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032020" title="Skadla">
Skadla

Skadla is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032023" title="Melodi Grand Prix winners">
Melodi Grand Prix winners

This page lists the songs and artists that have won Melodi Grand Prix, the Norwegian preselection for the Eurovision Song Contest. There was no competition in 1970, 1991 and 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19032025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032025" title="Wola Bokrzycka">
Wola Bokrzycka

Wola Bokrzycka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032026" title="Carara Kicks F.C.">
Carara Kicks F.C.

Carara Kicks are a South African football (soccer) club based in Welkom, Free State that participates in the
National First Division.
The club is owned by Motebang Mokoena, the son of Free State Stars owner Mike Mokoena and serves as a feeder team to Stars who play in the Premier Soccer League.

</doc>
<doc id="19032027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032027" title="Wola Zofiowska">
Wola Zofiowska

Wola Zofiowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032034" title="Wólka Bosowska">
Wólka Bosowska

Wólka Bosowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032035" title="The Famous Paparazzo">
The Famous Paparazzo

The Famous Paparazzo () is a 1999 Romanian drama film directed by Nicolae Mărgineanu. It was Romania's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards, but did not manage to receive a nomination. It was also entered into the 22nd Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19032036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032036" title="Sigismund II, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau">
Sigismund II, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau

Sigismund II, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau (died aft. 22 May 1452) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Dessau.
He was the fourth son of Sigismund I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, by his wife Judith, daughter of Gebhard XI, Count of Querfurt.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1405, Sigismund inherited the principality of Anhalt-Dessau with his older brothers Waldemar IV and George I and his younger brother Albert V as co-rulers. By virtue of the family of law of the House of Ascania, there was no division of territories among them.
Sigismund married Matilda (died 1443), daughter of Bernhard VI, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg. Both spouses were direct descendants of Henry I, Count of Anhalt, through his sons Bernhard I (ancestor of Matilda), and Siegfried I (ancestor of Sigismund). The marriage was childless.
Without direct heirs at the time of his death, Sigismund was succeeded by his surviving brothers and co-rulers.

</doc>
<doc id="19032037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032037" title="Hłudno">
Hłudno

Hłudno (, "Hlidno") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Nozdrzec, north-east of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032038" title="Zagrody, Busko County">
Zagrody, Busko County

Zagrody is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032041" title="Huta Poręby">
Huta Poręby

Huta Poręby (, "Huta Poruby") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nozdrzec, east of Brzozów, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032046" title="Zawada, Busko County">
Zawada, Busko County

Zawada is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032048" title="Izdebki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Izdebki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Izdebki (, "Izdebky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Nozdrzec, north-east of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032051" title="Zofiówka, Busko County">
Zofiówka, Busko County

Zofiówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032052" title="Rudawiec, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Rudawiec, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Rudawiec (, "Rudavets’") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nozdrzec, north-east of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032055" title="Ryta Górka">
Ryta Górka

Ryta Górka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nozdrzec, north of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032060" title="List of covered stadiums by capacity">
List of covered stadiums by capacity

The following is a list of covered sports stadiums, ordered by capacity; that is the maximum number of spectators the stadium can accommodate for a sports event. This is intended to include only stadiums that are used for sports traditionally held outdoors. It is split into two sublists:
Only domed and retractable roof stadiums are included, i.e. stadiums that cover both spectators and playing field. The stadiums are divided into current stadiums, closed stadiums, and stadiums currently under construction.
Indoor arenas should not be included on this list as there is a separate list for them.

</doc>
<doc id="19032062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032062" title="Siedliska, Brzozów County">
Siedliska, Brzozów County

Siedliska (, "Selys’ka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nozdrzec, east of Brzozów, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032068" title="Ujazdy, Brzozów County">
Ujazdy, Brzozów County

Ujazdy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nozdrzec, north of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032073" title="Wesoła, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Wesoła, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Wesoła is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Nozdrzec, north of Brzozów, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has an approximate population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032078" title="Wola Wołodzka">
Wola Wołodzka

Wola Wołodzka , "Volia Volods’ka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec, within Brzozów County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032080" title="Pyshma River">
Pyshma River

The Pyshma () is a river in Sverdlovsk and Tyumen Oblasts of Russia. It is a tributary of the Tura, and is long, with a drainage basin of .
The Pyshma has its sources at 290 meters AMSL on the eastern side of the Ural Mountains, near the town of Verkhnyaya Pyshma, just north of Yekaterinburg. The river flows onto the western part of the West Siberian Plain, and its confluence with the Tura River is at 46 m AMSL, at the village of "Sosonovo", some 40 kilometers east of Tyumen. In its lower course the river meanders heavily. Here it is around wide and deep.
The rivers average discharge is 34 m³/s (with a maximum of 1300 m³/s, and a minimum of 2 m³/s). Its main tributaries are, from the right: the Kunara and the Bolshaya Kalinovka, and from the left: the Reft.
The Pyshma freezes over in early November and stays frozen till the spring thaw starts in April.
The towns along the Pyshma are Verkhnyaya Pyshma, Beryozovsky, Zarechny, Sukhoy Log, and Kamyshlov

</doc>
<doc id="19032082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032082" title="Wołodź">
Wołodź

Wołodź (, "Volodzh") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Nozdrzec, east of Brzozów, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032084" title="Badrzychowice">
Badrzychowice

Badrzychowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Nowy Korczyn, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 331.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032088" title="Grande Loge Suisse Alpina">
Grande Loge Suisse Alpina

The Grand Lodge Alpina of Switzerland (German: "Schweizerische Grossloge Alpina") is one of the Grand Lodges of Freemasons in Switzerland. It was founded in 1844 and is recognised by the United Grand Lodge of England. As of 2008 the Grand Lodge lists 4,000 members and 83 lodges under its jurisdiction.
Although traditionally linked to the Continental Freemasonry of the Grand Orient de France they became closer to the United Grand Lodge of England after World War II. This led to the defection of members who ultimately set up the Grand Orient de Suisse.

</doc>
<doc id="19032089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032089" title="Błotnowola">
Błotnowola

Błotnowola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Nowy Korczyn, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 1,339.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032093" title="Brzostków">
Brzostków

Brzostków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Nowy Korczyn, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 571.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032095" title="Czarkowy">
Czarkowy

Czarkowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Nowy Korczyn, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 433.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032097" title="Górnowola">
Górnowola

Górnowola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Nowy Korczyn, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 239.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032099" title="Grotniki Duże">
Grotniki Duże

Grotniki Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Nowy Korczyn, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 193.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032103" title="Grotniki Małe">
Grotniki Małe

Grotniki Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Nowy Korczyn, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 347.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032107" title="Harmoniny">
Harmoniny

Harmoniny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Nowy Korczyn, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032110" title="Bączałka">
Bączałka

Bączałka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032111" title="Kawęczyn, Busko County">
Kawęczyn, Busko County

Kawęczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Nowy Korczyn, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 131.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032118" title="Brzostek">
Brzostek

Brzostek is a town in Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, south-eastern Poland (historic province of Lesser Poland). It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Brzostek. The town has a population of 2,597 (02.06.2009). It lies on the Wisłoka river, in the foothills of the Carpathians, approximately south of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów. Brzostek is a local center of education and commerce.
Brzostek gained its Magdeburg rights in 1367, but first documented mentions of the town come from 1123-1125, when a list of possessions of the Benedictine Abbey in Tyniec was created. Among a number of villages specified in the document, there is Brzostek (spelled "Brestek"). For centuries Brzostek remained a small town, frequently destroyed in numerous wars and conflicts. In 1657 the town was burned by the forces of Transylvanian prince George II Rákóczi, who invaded Poland earlier in the year.
On 18 February 1846 the Galician peasant revolt started in the town (see Jakub Szela), and in the second half of the 19th century, Ignacy Łukasiewicz opened his pharmacy here. In 1934 Brzostek lost its town status, as its population was under 3,000, too small to be officially called a town. Its Jewish population was murdered by the Germans in the Holocaust, Brzostek itself was destroyed during World War II in 65%. It regained the town status on 1 January 2009.
Among points of interest there are 18th and 19th-century houses in the market square, roadside chapels (18th and 19th centuries), a Classicistic church (1818), and World War I military cemeteries.

</doc>
<doc id="19032120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032120" title="Łęka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Łęka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Łęka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nowy Korczyn, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 175.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032123" title="Ostrowce">
Ostrowce

Ostrowce may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19032127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032127" title="Ostrowce, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Ostrowce, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Ostrowce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Nowy Korczyn, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 164.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032128" title="Bukowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Bukowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Bukowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Brzostek, south of Dębica, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032129" title="Parchocin">
Parchocin

Parchocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Nowy Korczyn, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032134" title="Pawłów, Busko County">
Pawłów, Busko County

Pawłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
The village has a population of 225.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032135" title="Głobikówka">
Głobikówka

Głobikówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032136" title="Piasek Wielki">
Piasek Wielki

Piasek Wielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Nowy Korczyn, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 508.

</doc>
<doc id="19032137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032137" title="Gorzejowa">
Gorzejowa

Gorzejowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 780.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032140" title="1895 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1895 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1895 was the ninth series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Tipperary won the championship, beating Kilkenny 6-8 to 1-10 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Final:" (1 match) The two provincial representatives make up the two final teams with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19032141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032141" title="Podraje">
Podraje

Podraje is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Nowy Korczyn, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 95.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032142" title="Grudna Dolna">
Grudna Dolna

Grudna Dolna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brzostek, south of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032144" title="Grudna Górna">
Grudna Górna

Grudna Górna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brzostek, south of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032148" title="Podzamcze, Busko County">
Podzamcze, Busko County

Podzamcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Nowy Korczyn, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032149" title="Januszkowice, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Januszkowice, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Januszkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brzostek, south of Dębica, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032151" title="Kamienica Dolna">
Kamienica Dolna

Kamienica Dolna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brzostek, south of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032152" title="Kamienica Górna">
Kamienica Górna

Kamienica Górna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Brzostek, south of Dębica, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032153" title="Rzegocin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Rzegocin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Rzegocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Nowy Korczyn, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 137.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032155" title="Sępichów">
Sępichów

Sępichów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nowy Korczyn, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 402.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032158" title="Klecie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Klecie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Klecie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Brzostek, south of Dębica, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032159" title="Stary Korczyn">
Stary Korczyn

Stary Korczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Nowy Korczyn, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 304.
Stary Korczyn was the subject of a well-known painting from World War I, "Erstürmung des Dorfes Stary Korczyn durch das Landsturminfanterieregiment Nr. 1, 22. Dez. 1914" (Attack on the Village of Stary Korczyn by the Vienna First Infantry Regiment on December 22, 1914), by Alfred Basel, now hanging in the Heeresgeschichtliches Museum, Vienna.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032161" title="Nawsie Brzosteckie">
Nawsie Brzosteckie

Nawsie Brzosteckie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Brzostek, south of Dębica, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032163" title="Aybasanlı">
Aybasanlı

Aybasanlı or Aybasanly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19032164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032164" title="Strożyska">
Strożyska

Strożyska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nowy Korczyn, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 365.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032167" title="Opacionka">
Opacionka

Opacionka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Dębica and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has an approximate population of 450.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032168" title="Ucisków">
Ucisków

Ucisków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Nowy Korczyn, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 108.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032169" title="Przeczyca">
Przeczyca

Przeczyca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 750.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032172" title="Siedliska-Bogusz">
Siedliska-Bogusz

Siedliska-Bogusz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Brzostek, south of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032173" title="Skurowa">
Skurowa

Skurowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brzostek, south of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 434.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032174" title="Winiary Dolne">
Winiary Dolne

Winiary Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Nowy Korczyn, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 154.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032175" title="Smarżowa">
Smarżowa

Smarżowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brzostek, south of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 650.
18 February 1846 - beginning of the Galician peasant revolt. The massacre, led by Jakub Szela (born in Smarżowa), is also known as the "Galician Massacre", and began on 18 February 1846. This led to the "Galician Slaughter," in which many nobles and their families were murdered by peasants. Szela units surrounded and attacked manor houses and settlements located in three counties - Sanok, Jasło and Tarnów. The revolt got out of hand and the Austrians had to put it down.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032177" title="Wola Brzostecka">
Wola Brzostecka

Wola Brzostecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032178" title="Żukowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Żukowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Żukowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Nowy Korczyn, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 95.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032180" title="Zawadka Brzostecka">
Zawadka Brzostecka

Zawadka Brzostecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032190" title="Red Tails">
Red Tails

Red Tails is a 2012 American war film produced by Lucasfilm and released by 20th Century Fox. The film is a fictionalized portrayal of the Tuskegee Airmen, a group of African-American United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) servicemen during World War II.
Filmed in 2009, "Red Tails" was directed by Anthony Hemingway from an original screenplay by John Ridley, with additional material shot the following year with executive producer George Lucas as director and Aaron McGruder as writer of the reshoots. "Red Tails" is the first Lucasfilm production since the 1994 film "Radioland Murders" that is not associated with the "Indiana Jones" or "Star Wars" franchises. The film stars Cuba Gooding, Jr. (who previously starred in "The Tuskegee Airmen," an HBO made-for-television film about the same group of pilots) in his first theatrical film in five years, and Terrence Howard (who had also portrayed a Tuskegee pilot in "Hart's War")."Red Tails" was also mixed in 3D sound by Barco.
Plot.
In 1944, as the air war over Europe is entering a deadly phase with increasing losses of bombers, the 332d Fighter Group (the Tuskegee Airmen) consisting of young African-American USAAF fighter pilots, after enduring racism throughout their recruitment and training in the Tuskegee training program, are finally sent into combat in Italy. Although flying worn-out Curtiss P-40 Warhawk aircraft and chafing at their ground attack missions against trains and enemy ground transport, the Tuskegee Airmen recognize that they may never fight the Luftwaffe in fighter-to-fighter combat. The tight-knit group of Capt. Martin "Easy" Julian (Nate Parker), 1st Lt. Joe "Lightning" Little (David Oyelowo), 2nd Lt. Ray "Ray Gun" or "Junior" Gannon (Tristan Wilds), 2nd Lt. Andrew "Smokey" Salem (Ne-Yo), and 2nd Lt. Samuel "Joker" George (Elijah Kelley) under the guidance of Major Emanuel Stance (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) and Col. A.J. Bullard (Terrence Howard), face a white military bureaucracy still resistant to accepting black flyers as equals.
Strife develops between roommates and best friends, Easy and Lightning, each of whom are battling their own inner demons; Lightning is a hotheaded and reckless pilot who takes too many risks, while Easy is an alcoholic prone to self-doubt. After returning to base from a mission, Lightning spies a pretty Italian girl named Sofia (Daniela Ruah), becomes instantly infatuated with her, and starts a relationship.
Meanwhile, Bullard is able to secure a chance to "light up the board" when the Tuskegee Airmen are chosen to support the Allied landings at Anzio, Italy known as Operation Shingle. There, they battle Messerschmitt Bf 109 fighters led by a German ace pilot they nickname, "Pretty Boy" (Lars van Riesen), scoring their first aerial victories over the enemy, as well as destroying a German airfield. However, Ray Gun is injured during the battle and suffers impaired vision in one eye. Ray Gun begs Easy to keep him on the flight roster despite his impaired vision. Easy is reluctant, but ultimately relents and allows Ray Gun to keep flying.
Bullard is then approached by the USAAF Bomber Command, who are impressed with the Tuskegee Airmen's performance and ask him to use his fighters as Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress bomber escorts due to unacceptably high casualties among bomber crews. Bullard accepts on the condition that his unit be supplied with the new North American P-51 Mustang. The tails of the aircraft are painted bright red and become the unofficial name of the outfit. Bullard noted that the flaw of previous escort fighters is that they would recklessly pursue German fighters at the cost of protecting the bombers, so he orders his pilots to stay with the bombers at all costs. Their first escort mission is a success, with the 332nd downing multiple Luftwaffe aircraft without the loss of a single bomber. However, Ray Gun is shot down and captured while Deke crash lands and nearly dies.
As a result of his injuries, Deke is discharged, and Ray Gun is assumed to be dead. Easy realizes it was his fault Ray Gun was allowed to fly, blames himself and spirals deeper into alcoholism. Lightning, worried about his friend, makes a deal with Easy; he will follow orders and fly less recklessly as long as Easy remains sober. Meanwhile, attitudes against the Tuskegee Airmen begin to change as they earn the bomber crews' respect, even being allowed into the "whites only" officer's club. Ray Gun is sent to a POW camp, where he is recruited by a group of POWs who are planning to escape. The escape attempt is successful, but some of the POWs are spotted by a guard so Ray Gun draws the Germans' attention while the other POWs escape. One of the POWs manages to reach the 332nd's base and informs them about Ray Gun's sacrifice, assuming him to be dead. Later, Lightning finally proposes to Sofia and though she originally hesitates, she later accepts as long as he stays in Italy, which he agrees to do.
The Tuskegee Airmen are then tasked with escorting the first American bombers to attack Berlin. However, despite their P-51s having more than enough fuel for the trip, the 332nd is only asked to escort the bombers on the first leg of their journey due to propaganda reasons. But the fighter squadron meant to relieve the 332nd never arrives, and Easy makes the decision to stay with bombers all the way. They are then attacked by Pretty Boy, now leading a flight of the revolutionary new Messerschmitt Me 262 jet fighters. Despite being outclassed by their superior speed and 30 mm cannon, the Tuskegee Airmen are able to shoot a multiple down. Pretty Boy manages to get on Easy's tail and is about to shoot him down, but at the last moment, Lightning attacks and kills Pretty Boy in a head-on attack. Although victorious, he is mortally wounded, and Lightning dies, and his plane crashes soon afterwards. Easy is then forced to inform Sofia about Lightning's death and consequently overcomes his alcoholism for good. At Lightning's funeral, Ray Gun returns, having survived his escape from German captivity, invoking Lightning's memory.
Ultimately, the Tuskegee Airmen are awarded the Presidential Unit Citation in honor of their achievements.
Cast.
As appearing in "Red Tails", (main roles and screen credits identified; first billed only):
Production.
George Lucas began developing "Red Tails" around 1988, after hearing of the Tuskegee Airmen from his friend George Hall, a photographer. At the time, the film was scheduled for release in 1992, with Kevin Sullivan writing the screenplay and Thomas Carter directing. Lucas originally conceived of the film as a long, detailed narrative similar to "Lawrence of Arabia", and as a trilogy, but after multiple script drafts, he decided to focus on the combat portion of the story. He compared it to "" as "a story too good to be true". In researching the film, Lucasfilm invited some of the surviving Tuskegee Airmen to Skywalker Ranch, where they were interviewed about their experiences during World War II. Lucasfilm was also given access to the original mission logbooks used by some of the pilots. A number of writers worked on the project until John Ridley was hired in 2007 to write the screenplay. Lucas held discussions with Samuel L. Jackson regarding Jackson possibly directing and acting in the film. Although Jackson praised the script, he did not commit to either role. Anthony Hemingway, a former production assistant for Lucas' "The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles" TV series, was ultimately chosen to direct in 2008.
Pre-production began in January 2009, with location scouting having taken place in June 2008 in Prague, Czech Republic, Italy and Croatia. Lucas invited storyboard artist David Russell (son of Tuskegee Airman James C. Russell) to design key aerial combat sequences. Production began in March 2009 with high-definition Sony F35 cameras used for principal photography, which took place in the Czech Republic, Italy, Croatia and England over a period from August to December. While shooting in the Czech Republic, the actors also underwent a "boot camp" program, during which they lived in similar conditions to the actual Tuskegee Airmen.
Harkening back to his early work on "" where he had studied World War II aerial footage to create the space aerobatics performed by Rebel X-wings and TIE fighters, Lucas was familiar with World War II aerial combat. The Lucas template for photographing computer-generated imagery (CGI) dogfighting "involved lots of action, continuous motion, moving camera, streaks, loops and rolls, and all of the things aerial photography allows you to do in live action." Aerial scenes in "Red Tails" involved actors sitting in a gimbal-mounted cockpits (and mock-up fuselages and wings), in front of a green screen, rocked back and forth by production crew members. In order to achieve a realistic reaction, actors were flown in actual P-51 Mustangs at the Planes of Fame in Chino, California, to experience the forces involved in dogfighting.
Editing began while the production was in Prague. Avid editing systems were used simultaneously in a Prague studio and at Lucasfilm. A vehicle was fitted with a "technical center" so that the production could quickly move between locations."Red Tails" was the first film to use Barco’s Auro-3D 11.1 surround sound system.
In March 2010, Lucas took over direction of reshoots, as Hemingway was busy working on episodes of the HBO series, "Treme". "The Boondocks" creator Aaron McGruder was brought in late in production, after Hemingway's principal photography, to provide re-writes for the Lucas-directed reshoots.
In April 2009, Tuskegee Airman Lt. Col. Lee A. Archer Jr. was selected to be an advisor for "Red Tails". He died in 2010 while the film was in post-production and the final credits bear a tribute to Archer.
Lucas covered the cost of production with his own money, and provided a further $35 million for distribution. In an interview on "The Daily Show" on January 9, 2012, Lucas stated that the long delay in the production of the film was because major film studios balked at financing and marketing a film with an "all-black" cast and "no major white roles." He went on to explain that studios receive "60% of their profit" from overseas, and the studios feel there is no market there for films with all-black casts."Red Tails" is also the last film Lucasfilm made independently before being bought by The Walt Disney Company on October 30, 2012.
Reception.
"Red Tails" received mixed reviews from film critics. "Rotten Tomatoes" gives the film a score of 40% based on 126 reviews, with the consensus on the site indicating: "Despite a worthy fact-based story and obvious good intentions, "Red Tails" suffers from one-dimensional characters, corny dialogue, and heaps of clichés." On "Metacritic", the film also holds a 46/100 rating, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
The main criticism was directed to the tone of the film; Stephen Holden in "The New York Times" review, noted, "In structure and tone, "Red Tails" proudly harks back to the 1940s and ’50s, when good guys were good, and bad guys bad." In rebuttal, co-writer Aaron McGruder commented on the film's tone: "Some people are going to like this tonal choice and some people are going to say, 'Oh it should've been heavier and it should've been more dramatic.' But there's a version of this that doesn't have to be "Saving Private Ryan". We can be "Star Wars", as crazy as it is." Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film two-and-a-half stars out of four, stating, ""Red Tails" (is) entertaining. Audiences are likely to enjoy it. The scenes of aerial combat are skillfully done and exciting." In a similar vein, aviation historian Budd Davison, in agreement with fellow historian Barrett Tillman, although cognizant of the "Hollywood treatment", had a caution to aviation enthusiasts looking for a faithful reenactment of the Tuskegee legend, "... buy some popcorn, lean back and enjoy, this is Hollywood telling a story, not making a documentary. Save your guffaws until afterward with your friends."
Ina Diane Archer, daughter of Lee Archer (Tuskegee airman and advisor for "Red Tails") in writing for "Film Comment", criticizes the film's disconnect between aerial scenes and the rest of the film, saying, "One longs for more scenes between the ensemble on the ground, but the emphasis on aerial (and digital) technology leaves the characters without context. There’s a particularly troubling absence of black women (but for a painting on Lightning’s plane) who go unmentioned—no gal back home? no sisters, no Mamas?—nor do we ever see the African Americans who followed the squadron’s adventures."
In the face of media criticism of the portrayals of the Tuskegee Airmen in "Red Tails", a number of activists took to social media to protest against what was thought to be a racially-tinged effort to denigrate the contribution of the wartime fighting unit. Beginning with statements to support the film made by surviving Tuskegee Airmen who had seen the film in previews, and spurred by the comments made by Lucas in a candid interview on "The Daily Show" where the producer openly discussed the difficulties of trying to get "Red Tails" made over the past 23 years, a Facebook campaign was started. In the Oakland, California premiere, two sold-out screenings were a testament to the success of the campaign. Effie Tesfahun, one of the organizers, explained, “When said Hollywood does not want to touch black films, it really hit me … I thought we should get together and all go and support [this film. Regardless of what Hollywood thinks, we all want to see positive messages of black people in the movies ... We need to speak, and speak loud, and speak with our dollars, because that’s where people pay attention, when you start talking with your money," Tesfahun said. "We are sending a message that this is what we want.” Lucas commented on the film's reception: "It had an affect ["sic"] on a lot of kids and adults. Now it's the one thing that everyone comes up to me and says 'thank you' for – I'm proud of that." "We didn’t get to a point when film studios said, 'Oh let's just do black movies.' But every time you poke 'em, it makes an effect."
Adolph Reed, professor of political science at the University of Pennsylvania, said the film "trivializes segregation in the military by reducing it to a matter of bad or outmoded attitudes. The ironic effect is significant understatement of both the obstacles the Tuskegee airmen<sic> faced and their actual accomplishments by rendering them as backdrop for a blackface, slapped-together remake of Top Gun."
Awards.
"Red Tails" received a nomination at the 2012 Teen Choice Awards for "Choice Action Movie", and was also nominated at the 2012 BET Awards for "Best Movie".
Later, in February 2013, "Red Tails" won the NAACP Image Award in the categories of "Outstanding Motion Picture" and "Outstanding Independent Motion Picture" at the 44th NAACP Image Awards.
Historical accuracy.
"Red Tails" portrays largely fictional events based on the exploits of the Tuskegee airmen, although many viewers were left with the impression that the film was entirely historically accurate. Through a series of three webinars, entitled: "Tuskegee Airman Webinars – 'Was the Movie Accurate'?" sponsored by the Commemorative Air Force's Red Tail Squadron, surviving Tuskegee Airmen Colonel Charles McGee and Colonel Harold Brown provided perspectives related to the film's interpretation. Although discussions as to use of equipment and dates were mentioned, three claims made in the film were the most contentious: the number of losses suffered by bomber crews under escort, the encounters with Luftwaffe jet fighters and the overall record established by the Tuskegee Airmen.
According to period records, it was long believed that the Tuskegee Airmen did not lose a single bomber due to enemy fire, a statement made by a bomber pilot in the film. However, this claim has been proven inaccurate and an Air Force report from 2006, showed that at least 25 bombers were lost to enemy fire. As depicted in the climactic scene, the Luftwaffe Me 262 interception of a Tuskegee Airmen escort mission did not result in the first victory over the vaunted jet fighters, credited to another U.S. unit much earlier in the war. The film also states in the epilogue that the Tuskegee Airmen established one of the best fighter records in the U.S. Air Force. The film notes that 96 Distinguished Flying Crosses were awarded to the unit and 66 Tuskegee Airmen were killed in action. Officially, the Tuskegee Airmen did not produce a single fighter pilot ace, although Lee Archer's record is still in dispute.
At the end of webinars, host Brad Lang, the CAF Red Tail Squadron Leader, described the interaction as important to reconciling the historical record with the "Red Tails" film's essentially dramatic retelling of the Tuskegee Airmen saga. Both colonels also agreed that the discussions were important to resolving the controversy over the film.
Home media.
"Red Tails" was released on DVD and Blu-ray/DVD combo, as well as via digital download, on May 22, 2012. The Blu-ray/DVD combo includes "Double Victory", a companion documentary to the film that debuted on January 13, 2012 on H2. It details the full real life story of the Tuskegee Airmen, and includes interviews with many of the surviving members. The Blu-ray/DVD combo also includes several featurettes that focus on the film's cast and crew. The only bonus feature included on the regular DVD edition is a series of "highlights" from "Double Victory".
In popular culture.
The film had a presence at 2011's New York Comic Con; Lucasfilm sponsored a panel featuring many of the cast and crew, as well as a P-51 flight simulator. The P-51 Mustang flown in "Red Tails" also became a free add-on for "Microsoft Flight". , and can be downloaded from Microsoft's Xbox LIVE Marketplace.

</doc>
<doc id="19032201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032201" title="Borowa, Dębica County">
Borowa, Dębica County

Borowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 740.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032202" title="Biechów">
Biechów

Biechów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19032203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032203" title="Chotowa">
Chotowa

Chotowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Czarna, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 618.
The 2010 World Junior Chess Championship took place in Chotowa.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032205" title="Biechów, Busko County">
Biechów, Busko County

Biechów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pacanów, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 371.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032211" title="1896 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1896 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1896 was the tenth series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Tipperary won the championship, beating Dublin 8-14 to 0-4 in the final.
Rule change.
At the Gaelic Athletic Association's (GAA) annual congress it was decided to change the value of a goal. From 1892 until 1896 a goal was worth five points, however, the new change resulted in a goal being worth three points. 
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Final:" (1 match) The two provincial representatives made up the two final teams with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.
Results.
Leinster Senior Hurling Championship.
An objection was made and a replay ordered.

</doc>
<doc id="19032212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032212" title="Czarna, Dębica County">
Czarna, Dębica County

Czarna is a village in Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czarna. It lies approximately west of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 2,474.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032214" title="Biskupice, Busko County">
Biskupice, Busko County

Biskupice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pacanów, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 148.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032215" title="Głowaczowa">
Głowaczowa

Głowaczowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Czarna, west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032218" title="Golemki">
Golemki

Golemki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Czarna, west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032219" title="Chrzanów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Chrzanów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Chrzanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pacanów, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 241.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032220" title="Space archaeology">
Space archaeology

In archaeology, space archaeology is the research-based study of various human-made items found in space, their interpretation as clues to the adventures mankind has experienced in space, and their preservation as cultural heritage. 
It includes launch complexes on Earth, orbital debris, satellites, and objects and structures on other celestial bodies such as Mars. It also includes the applied field of cultural resource which evaluates the significance of space sites and objects in terms of national and international preservation laws. Cultural resource looks at what, how and why these artifacts of our recent history should be preserved for future generations.
Cultural heritage.
Space tourism could affect archaeological artifacts, for example, on the Moon. The notion that cultural heritage is at stake and requires action to prevent deterioration or destruction is gaining ground. Perhaps artifacts (say, antiquated space stations) could be preserved in "museum orbit". Many such artifacts have been lost because they were not recognized and assessed. Experts assert that continuity and connection to the past are vital elements of survival in the modern world. A model has been suggested for international cooperation based upon Antarctica. Implications for cooperation interest anthropologists as well.
An unexpected ramification of this work is the development of techniques for detecting signs of life or technology on other planets, or extraterrestrial visitation on Earth. One facet of this work is the use of satellites for identifying structures of archeological significance.
Legal matters.
The complexities and ambiguities of international legal structures to deal with these sites as cultural resources leave them vulnerable to impacts in the near future by many varieties of space travel. An outline of the legal situation was made by Harrison Schmitt and Neil Armstrong, both of them astronauts who walked on the moon as part of the Apollo program. The governing law on the Moon and other celestial bodies is the "Outer Space Treaty" of 1967 based upon guidelines from experience in the Antarctic. Another source of ideas is the "Law of the Sea". The "Outer Space Treaty" contains language stating that space objects remain under the jurisdiction of the originating state, and the civil and criminal laws of that state govern private parties both on the Moon and "events leading up to such activity". State parties are to inform the public about the nature and result of their activities.
The later "Moon Agreement" of 1979 was signed but not ratified by many spacefaring nations. Schmitt and Armstrong believe this lack of ratification relates to disagreement over wording such as "the Moon and its natural resources are the common heritage of mankind", which is taken as possibly excluding private activity, and objections to wording concerning the disruption of the existing environment.
For an extensive discussion see Schmitt and Armstrong. For the treaty text see UN treaty on outer space of 1967. For additional discussion of the legal documents look at the see also links below.
Background and history.
During a graduate seminar at New Mexico State University in 1999, Ralph Gibson asked: "Does federal preservation law apply on the moon?" That question led to Gibson's thesis ""Lunar Archaeology: The Application of Federal Historic Preservation Law to the Site where Humans first set foot upon the Moon"", to a grant from the New Mexico Space Grant Consortium, and to creation of the Lunar Legacy Project.
In 2006, Dr. O’Leary with New Mexico State Historic Preservation Officer Katherine Slick and the New Mexico Museum of Space History (NMMSH), documented the Apollo 11 Tranquility Base archaeological site on the Moon. Some legal aspects of this work already have surfaced.
Though its mission isn't primarily archaeological, the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter has imaged all of the Apollo landing sites as well as rediscovering the location of the first Lunokhod 1 rover, lost since 1971 (note: all of the U. S. flags left on the moon during the Apollo missions were found to still be standing, with the exception of the one left during the Apollo 11 mission, which was blown over during that mission's lift-off from the lunar surface and return to the mission command module in lunar orbit; the degree to which these flags are preserved and intact remains unknown).
Based on an idea by British amateur astronomer Nick Howes, a team of experts has been assembled to try to locate the Lunar Module of the Apollo 10 mission nicknamed "Snoopy", which was released during the mission and is currently thought to be in a heliocentric orbit. The Snoopy mission is encouraged by the 2002 re-sighting of the Apollo 12 third-stage rocket.
See also.
Space
Heritage
Legal documents

</doc>
<doc id="19032221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032221" title="Avraham Katz-Oz">
Avraham Katz-Oz

Avraham Katz-Oz (, born 7 December 1934) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset from 1977 until 1996, and as Minister of Agriculture from 1988 until 1990.
Biography.
Born in Tel Aviv during the Mandate era, and graduated from Pardes Hanna Agricultural High School. Katz-Oz studied at the Faculty for Agriculture in Rehovot and the Faculty for Genetics in Jerusalem. He worked as the agricultural co-ordinator and secretary of kibbutz Nahal Oz and was secretary of Ihud HaKvutzot VeHaKibbutzim between 1969 and 1973.
In 1976 he became chairman of the organisational branch of the Labor Party (then part of the Alignment alliance), serving until 1978. He was on the alliance's list for the 1977 elections, but failed to win a seat. However, he entered the Knesset on 18 April the following year as a replacement for Yitzhak Navon, following his election to the post of president.
He was re-elected in 1981 and 1984, and was appointed Deputy Agriculture Minister in the national unity government formed in 1984. Following the 1988 elections he became Minister of Agriculture, serving until the Alignment withdrew from the government in March 1990. He lost his seat in the 1992 election, though he returned to it in July 1995 as a replacement for the deceased Mordechai Gur. However, he resigned his seat in May 1996 and was replaced by Pini Shomer.

</doc>
<doc id="19032225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032225" title="Grabowica, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Grabowica, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Grabowica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pacanów, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 191.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032226" title="Grabiny, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Grabiny, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Grabiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032227" title="Karsy Dolne">
Karsy Dolne

Karsy Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pacanów, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 52.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032233" title="Karsy Duże">
Karsy Duże

Karsy Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pacanów, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 81.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032234" title="Jaźwiny, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Jaźwiny, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Jaźwiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Czarna, west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032235" title="Karsy Małe">
Karsy Małe

Karsy Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pacanów, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 228.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032238" title="Podlesie, Gmina Czarna">
Podlesie, Gmina Czarna

Podlesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Dębica County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032239" title="Kępa Lubawska">
Kępa Lubawska

Kępa Lubawska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pacanów, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 198.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032243" title="Przeryty Bór">
Przeryty Bór

Przeryty Bór is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032244" title="Kółko Żabieckie">
Kółko Żabieckie

Kółko Żabieckie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pacanów, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
As of March 2009, the village has a population of 538. The village is best known for its annual "Celebration of the Sun", which is themed around a regional variant of the folk tale, The Peasant's Wise Daughter.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032246" title="2006 European Athletics Championships – Women's 200 metres">
2006 European Athletics Championships – Women's 200 metres

These are the results of the women's 200 metres event at the 2006 European Athletics Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Records.
No records were broken during this event.
Results.
Round 1.
Qualification: First 3 in each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) advance to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 4 of each Semifinal will be directly qualified (Q) for the Final.

</doc>
<doc id="19032248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032248" title="Przyborów, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Przyborów, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Przyborów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Czarna, west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032249" title="Komorów, Busko County">
Komorów, Busko County

Komorów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pacanów, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 389.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032256" title="All My Loved Ones">
All My Loved Ones

All My Loved Ones () is a 1999 Czech-language film directed by Matej Mináč. It was an international co-production between Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovakia. It was Slovakia's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards, but did not manage to receive a nomination.
Plot.
It is the story of an upwardly-mobile Jewish-Czech family before Nazi invasion of Czechoslovakia. After initial denial about the looming danger, the family is unable to find a way out of the country upon realizing the reality of the imminent Nazi threat. An uncle in the family meets Nicholas Winton, the true-to-life (not-fictional) British humanitarian who, just before the start of the Second World War, organized rescue of several hundred Jewish children from German-occupied Czechoslovakia and likely death in the Holocaust. The operation was later known as the Czech Kindertransport. The storyline focuses heavily on Silberstein family members, with Nicholas Winton (portrayed by Rupert Graves) appearing briefly in key scenes near the end of the film. 
Development.
Mináč got the idea for "a film about what preceded the war from the perspective of a child" from stories recounted by his mother. For further inspiration, he visited Prague's Jewish Museum and read Vera Gissing's "Pearls of My Childhood", which briefly mentioned Nicholas Winton rescuing hundreds of children before the war. From this Mináč wrote a treatment. When he asked Alice Klimova to translate the treatment into English, she informed him that she was one of the rescued children and that Winton was still alive. After meeting him, Mináč became determined to not only make his original film idea, but also to make the documentary .

</doc>
<doc id="19032257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032257" title="Książnice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Książnice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Książnice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pacanów, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 323.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032262" title="Kwasów">
Kwasów

Kwasów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Pacanów, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 223.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032264" title="Róża, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Róża, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Róża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032268" title="Niegosławice, Busko County">
Niegosławice, Busko County

Niegosławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
The village has a population of 161.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032270" title="Oblekoń">
Oblekoń

Oblekoń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pacanów, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 680.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032272" title="Stara Jastrząbka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Stara Jastrząbka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Stara Jastrząbka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032275" title="Stary Jawornik">
Stary Jawornik

Stary Jawornik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Czarna, west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032276" title="Podwale, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Podwale, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Podwale is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pacanów, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032279" title="Rataje Karskie">
Rataje Karskie

Rataje Karskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pacanów, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 219.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032281" title="Żdżary, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Żdżary, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Żdżary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Czarna, west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032282" title="Rataje Słupskie">
Rataje Słupskie

Rataje Słupskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pacanów, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 670.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032285" title="Słupia, Busko County">
Słupia, Busko County

Słupia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pacanów, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 642.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032287" title="Sroczków">
Sroczków

Sroczków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Pacanów, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 466.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032289" title="Trzebica">
Trzebica

Trzebica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pacanów, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 224.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032290" title="Wójcza">
Wójcza

Wójcza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pacanów, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 378.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032293" title="Wójeczka">
Wójeczka

Wójeczka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pacanów, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 208.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032296" title="Braciejowa">
Braciejowa

Braciejowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032297" title="Wola Biechowska">
Wola Biechowska

Wola Biechowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pacanów, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 143.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032298" title="Żabiec">
Żabiec

Żabiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pacanów, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 439.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032299" title="Brzeźnica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Brzeźnica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Brzeźnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 2,800.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032301" title="Brzeźnica-Wola">
Brzeźnica-Wola

Brzeźnica-Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032302" title="Zborówek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Zborówek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Zborówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pacanów, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 155.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032303" title="Głobikowa">
Głobikowa

Głobikowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032304" title="Zborówek Nowy">
Zborówek Nowy

Zborówek Nowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
The village has a population of 181.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032305" title="Gumniska, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Gumniska, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Gówniska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032307" title="Żółcza">
Żółcza

Żółcza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pacanów, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 119.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032308" title="2008 Aéreo Ruta Maya crash">
2008 Aéreo Ruta Maya crash

On August 24, 2008, an Aéreo Ruta Maya Cessna Caravan 208 carrying 10 American aid workers, two Guatemalan aid agency representatives, pilot and copilot en route from La Aurora International Airport, Guatemala City to El Estor, crashed 45 minutes after take off. The crash killed all occupants but three aid workers. The source of the crash was engine failure, as was called in by the pilot, who attempted to make an emergency landing according to the Guatemalan civil aviation director Jose Carlos. The aid workers were members of Choice Humanitarian, a West Jordan, Utah based humanitarian group on their way to the village of Sepamac.

</doc>
<doc id="19032309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032309" title="Kędzierz">
Kędzierz

Kędzierz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032311" title="Kochanówka">
Kochanówka

Kochanówka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19032312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032312" title="Kochanówka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Kochanówka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Kochanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032314" title="Kozłów, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Kozłów, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Kozłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 550.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032315" title="Latoszyn">
Latoszyn

Latoszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032318" title="Nagawczyna">
Nagawczyna

Nagawczyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has an approximate population of 3,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032321" title="Paszczyna">
Paszczyna

Paszczyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032323" title="Chinków">
Chinków

Chinków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032325" title="Podgrodzie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Podgrodzie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Podgrodzie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032326" title="Kików">
Kików

Kików is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032327" title="Serga River (Sverdlovsk Oblast)">
Serga River (Sverdlovsk Oblast)

Serga () is a river in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia. It is a tributary of the Ufa, and it is 113 km long, with a drainage basin of 2170 km².
The river is much used by rafters.
The town of Nizhniye Sergi lies by the Serga. 

</doc>
<doc id="19032329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032329" title="Ludwinów, Busko County">
Ludwinów, Busko County

Ludwinów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032330" title="Pustków, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Pustków, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Pustków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów. The settlement is nearly synonymous with the adjacent Pustków Osiedle housing estate built in the 1930s for emploees of the mining explosives factory of the Central Industrial Region. Total area of Pustków – the largest village in Gmina Dębica – is with 2,925 residents (2003); while the area of Pustków Osiedle – the smallest one – is with comparable number of 2,727 residents in an urban setting.
World War II.
Pustków, as well as Pustków Osiedle were the location of the Nazi German troop-training facility called "HL-Heidelager" for the Ukrainian 14th Waffen SS Division "Galician", as well as other collaborationists military formations including Estonian. Their training, included also killing operations inside the camps and Jewish ghettos in the vicinity of Pustków and in the town itself, most notably, at the Pustków and Szebnie concentration camp nearby.
"HL-Heidelager".
Locals who lived in the vicinity were evicted already in mid-1940. The "SS TruppenÜbungsPlatz "Heidelager"" (German, for Heidelager Military Training Base), as it was known eventually, was set up of Dębica not far from Blizna using slave labor from the neighboring concentration camp located beneath Królowa Góra mountain, which held 7,000 Jews, 5,000 Soviet POWs, and 3,000 Poles (most of them annihilated before July 1944). The training range was in use since the fall of 1941 under the command of "SS Oberführer" Werner von Schele. The title was adjusted from the original "SS TruppenÜbungsPlatz "Ostpolen"" on August 25, 1943. The last commandant of the training base was "SS Oberführer" Bernhardt Voss until the summer of 1944.
The facility resembled a small city with its own narrow gauge railroad, some 3,600 men of different nationalities, cinemas, dining halls, dozens of villas, a newsletter, even a camp brothel staffed by female prisoners from the slave-labor camp nearby, and the hunting parties for the high-ranking officers. This is where the Galizien Division came into existence. The range was visited by "Reichsführer-SS" Heinrich Himmler on September 28, 1943, and abandoned in the summer of 1944 ahead of the Soviet advance.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032331" title="Albert V, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau">
Albert V, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau

Albert V, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau (died ca. 1469) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Dessau.
He was the fifth son of Sigismund I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, by his wife Judith, daughter of Gebhard XI, Count of Querfurt.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1405, Albert inherited the principality of Anhalt-Dessau as co-ruler with his older brothers Waldemar IV, George I, and Sigismund II. Following the family law of the House of Ascania, no division of territory accompanied the accession of the brothers as co-rulers.
Albert married Sophie, daughter of Conrad of Hadmersleben, Lord of Egeln, and widow of Waldemar V, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen. They had two daughters:
Albert died without male heirs and was succeeded as ruler of the principality by his only surviving brother, George I.

</doc>
<doc id="19032332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032332" title="Magierów">
Magierów

Magierów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032333" title="Pustków Osiedle">
Pustków Osiedle

Pustków Osiedle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland (historic Lesser Poland). It lies approximately north-east of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów. The housing estate () – built in the 1930s – is nearly synonymous with the adjacent Pustków village. Total area of Pustków Osiedle – the smallest village in Gmina Dębica – is ; while the area of Pustków – the largest – is .
Pustków Osiedle has a population of 2,727, and its history is closely connected with Central Industrial Area, one of the biggest public works projects of the Second Polish Republic. Before the mid-1930s, it did not exist. A small settlement, located in the Sandomierz Wilderness, was known simply as Pustków. It was the location of the notorious Pustków concentration camp in World War II.
History.
Due to favorable location (near a rail line from Dębica to Tarnobrzeg, and away from large cities), in 1937 first trees were cut some three kilometers () south of Pustków. Construction of a "Lignoza" factory began, together with a settlement for the workers - blocks of flats and villas for managers and engineers. The factory was a branch of "Lignoza Corporation" from Katowice, and its official name was "Lignoza S.A. Katowice - Wytwórnia Pustków". It manufactured ammunition as well as plastic materials. Production started in April 1939, and on September 8, 1939 (see Invasion of Poland), first units of the Wehrmacht entered the settlement. Germans completed the construction of blocks of flats, which they used as military barracks. All machines and plastics were transported into the Third Reich.
In 1940 - 1944, a German labor camp ("SS Truppenubungsplatz Heidelager Pustków") existed near Pustków - Osiedle. Altogether, some 15,000 Jews, Poles and Soviet POWs were murdered here. Prisoners were forced to work on the development of the V-2 rocket, and the SS controlled the area stretching from Mielec to Kolbuszowa. The camp existed until July 23, 1944, it is commemorated by a monument, located on the so-called "Hill of Death" ("Góra Śmierci" whose real name is Mount "Królowa Góra").
Economy.
After World War II, the factory was expanded, and production of plastic was initiated in 1946. In the People's Republic of Poland, the plant, called "Zakłady Tworzyw Sztucznych ERG Pustków" ("Plastic Works ERG Pustków"), manufactured glue, polyester resin, bakelite, laminates and other plastics. Together with the plant, the settlement expanded, with new blocks of flats, hostel for workers, house of culture with a cinema, health center, swimming pool and sports facilities of sports club "Chemik", established in 1954. In 1992, "Plastic Works ERG Pustków" were privatized. In 2009, the plant was renamed into "Lerg SA".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032335" title="Marc Horowitz">
Marc Horowitz

Marc Horowitz (born July 19, 1976, Westerville, Ohio) is an artist based in Los Angeles, California.
Biography.
Horowitz is the son of Karen Meyer a schoolteacher and Burton Horowitz a pharmacist. At age eight, Horowitz founded his first company, a ghost removal and cleaning service. He had his first press at nine when he organized a breakdancing competition as entertainment for senior citizens.
At age fifteen, Horowitz left home. For a while, he lived in an actor friend's basement and attended high school in Newburgh, Indiana at Castle High School, playing football and running track. At age seventeen, he attended Indiana University Bloomington, receiving his degree in Business Marketing and Microeconomics. He went on to attend the San Francisco Art Institute, where he studied under Harrell Fletcher and Jon Rubin.
Career.
In 2003, Horowitz and a longtime collaborator, Jon Brumit, reinvented themselves as the business team of Sliv & Dulet Enterprises and opened an office in downtown San Francisco (at New Langton Arts). They staffed their company with 30 people (artists) of various backgrounds to help them "develop a summer line of products and services," which they pitched to local businesses. Some examples included a fog removal initiative for the Golden Gate Bridge, a full-service office in a tent, and a Swiss Army Cubicle.
In 2005, Horowitz gained national attention while working on a catalog shoot for Crate and Barrel. He wrote "Dinner w/ Marc" along with his cell number on a dry-erase board featured in a home office shot for the catalog. When the catalog was distributed, Horowitz received more than 30,000 phone calls. He spent the following year driving across the country and having dinner with individuals that had called. This project was named "The National Dinner Tour". He was also given the distinction by "People" magazine to be added to their list of the "50 Most Eligible Bachelors".
In 2007, "Dazed and Confused" named Horowitz's website one of the 50 best sites.
Early on Horowitz exhibited his art internationally. In 2007, he had a show "More Better" at AMT Gallery in Como, Italy, "The Center for Improved Living" at Analix Forever in Geneva, Switzerland, and "Breakthrough" at Nuke Gallery in Paris, France. In 2008, Horowitz presented "The Me and You Show" at the prestigious Hayward Gallery in London, England. 
Horowitz was featured in and co-created Nissan’s national ad campaign, “Seven Days in a Sentra," where he lived in a 2007 Nissan Sentra for seven days. The campaign was covered by the "New York Times" Business section and "AdWeek".
Soon after, Horowitz collaborated with Crispin Porter + Bogusky on Mr. Track Town for a series of Nike & NBC commercials for the USA Olympic Trials 2008 held in Eugene, Oregon.
In the Summer of 2008, Horowitz completed "The Signature Series." The series chronicled his journey across America as he drove along the shape of his signature. During the trip, Horowitz made 19 stops to improve the lives of the citizens he encountered, albeit in his own unconventional way. For one of the stops, he started an "Anonymous Semi-nudist Colony" in Nampa, Idaho. He stopped in Craig, Colorado to bury people's problems in a public park plot. Horowitz also stopped in Memphis, Tennessee to simply ask the citizens "Whaddaya love?" as part of the series. He even made a commercial for his high school. For his last stop on the series, Horowitz stopped at Wrightsville Beach where he froze a briefcase in the middle of a patriotic ice sculpture challenged passers-by to guess when they think the ice will melt. The winner was awarded the suitcase and the goodies inside. He filmed all his stops and they are aired as webisodes on Crackle as "The Marc Horowitz Signature Series."
During December, 2008, Horowitz attempted to bail out the US's banks by creating action paintings that he gave to various banks to sell at auctions.
From November 2008 through February 2009, Horowitz broadcast his life live 24/7 on the internet for a live audience as "Talkshow 247". During this time he faced eviction from his apartment, hitchhiked across Los Angeles, hosted Thanksgiving Island, married his long-time true love and had several death threats from his downstairs neighbor.
From August 10 through August 18, 2009, Peter Baldes and Horowitz made the first virtual live-streaming broadcast cross-country road trip, calling it "Google Maps Road Trip." Using only Google Maps, they drove from Los Angeles to Richmond, Virginia. They were interviewed by NPR Weekend Edition for their innovative "vacation." They streamed live on ustream.tv.
From November 1–30, 2010, Marc crowdsourced his daily decisions on his "The Advice of Strangers" website. People were able to visit the site http://www.theadviceofstrangers.com and vote in real time on the choices he made everyday.
Marc was one of 25 artists to receive AOL's 25 for 25 grant, a $25,000 artist life grant, in November 2010 for his exemplary work.
In late 2011, MTV partnered with Marc to make a TV pilot, “Marc Saves America.” It is a reality-based television show that finds Marc working with people across the country to battle fears and build esteem. In the pilot episode, Marc concocts a series of comedic and therapeutic events to help California teen Amanda conquer her shyness. They speed chat with strangers in Venice, CA; gab about first kisses and favorite songs via megaphones, on Amanda’s hometown pier; and rev through the desert towards a prop monument of the word SHY, in a cathartic sequence that ends with a bang.
Marc graduated from the University of Southern California Roski School of Fine Arts with a Master of Fine Arts in May 2012.
Marc has lectured at Yale, Berkeley, CalArts, Portland State, among many other universities and establishments. In November 2012, Marc did a TEDx talk in Lake Como, Italy. Marc's film "Moving" was an official selection of the 2014 Slamdance Film Festival.
He currently teaches at USC in the new media department and runs an advertising agency IRL. His work can be seen at www.marchorowitz.net

</doc>
<doc id="19032336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032336" title="Piasek Mały">
Piasek Mały

Piasek Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.

</doc>
<doc id="19032338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032338" title="Piestrzec">
Piestrzec

Piestrzec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032340" title="Solec-Zdrój">
Solec-Zdrój

Solec-Zdrój () is a village in Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Solec-Zdrój. It lies on the Rzoska river in historic Lesser Poland, approximately south-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce. The village has an approximate population of 900, and until 1974, its official name was Solec.
First documented mentions of Solec come from the first half of the 14th century, and its name comes from salt deposits, which were discovered in the area of the village. By the 15th century, it already was the seat of a Roman Catholic parish, which included six other villages. In the early 16th century, Solec, which had been property of the Tarnowski family, was purchased by the Zborowski family. In the same period, the village was burned to the ground in a Crimean Tatar raid of Lesser Poland, and its residents were either murdered or kidnapped. Solec slowly recovered, to be ransacked and burned again in the catastrophic Swedish invasion of Poland. After Swedish wars, the village ceased to exist for some time.
In the late 18th and early 19th century, Solec emerged as a local center of salt production. Salt plant was founded here, and in 1815 an engineer named Becker found here rich deposits of mineral water. Soon afterwards, the owner of the village, Walery Wieloglowski decided to open here a spa, offering curative baths. After failed November Uprising however, Wieloglowski was forced by the Russians to abandon Solec and emigrate. New owner of the village, Karol Godeffroy decided to keep the spa, building wooden baths, a guest house, and a mineral water drinking house. In 1837, Solec officially received the status of a spa town, after which a hospital, a hotel, public houses, a park and several other facilities were opened. The village quickly grew, and in the early 20th century was purchased by brothers Romuald and Wlodzimierz Daniewski. They modernized Solec, turning it into a fashionable spa town, which in the Second Polish Republic attracted several notable guests, such as Ignacy Jan Paderewski, Eugeniusz Kwiatkowski, opera singer Wanda Werminska, actor Aleksander Zelwerowicz. In 1921, several wooden bath houses burned in a fire, and by the late 1920s, they were replaced by a new, Classicistic complex.
After World War Two, Communist government of the People's Republic of Poland forcibly nationalized the spa, merging it with another local town, Busko Zdroj, and creating a company called Uzdrowisko Busko-Solec. After 1989, rightful owners managed to get back their property, and since 2000, the spa was property of the Daniewski and the Dzianotta families. Currently, there are 400 beds for patients, and the spa cures rheumatism, osteoarthritis, allergies and dermatitis. Furthermore, Solec Zdroj is the starting point of a red tourist trail, which leads to Busko Zdroj, and a stop along green trail from Wislica to Grochowiska. Apart from the spa itself, the village has St. Nicholas church, which was first mentioned in 1326. There also are several early 20th-century houses and villas.

</doc>
<doc id="19032343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032343" title="Hydrostatic weighing">
Hydrostatic weighing

Hydrostatic weighing, also referred to as "underwater weighing," "hydrostatic body composition analysis," and "hydrodensitometry," is a technique for measuring the mass per unit volume of a patient's body.
Method.
The following method has the advantage of needing no volume information of the body (see the note about the residual volume below). The procedure is based on Archimedes' principle, using the following three measurable values: The weight of the body outside the water, the weight of the completely immersed body (a weight that may be negative if the body in question is less dense than water) and the density of the water:
Multiplying by the density of water gives
Correcting for the residual volume of air in the lungs upon maximal exhalation, and the approximately 100 cc of air trapped in the intestines gives:
Residual lung volume can be estimated as a proportion of vital capacity (0.24 for men and 0.28 for women).
Application.
From this density information body composition and percentage body fat may be estimated. This is occasionally used for assessment of obesity. The residual volume in the lungs can add error if not measured directly. Hydrostatic weights gives body density, and percent body fat can be estimated using the Siri or Brozek formula.

</doc>
<doc id="19032344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032344" title="Strażnik, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Strażnik, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Strażnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032346" title="Sułkowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Sułkowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Sułkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032349" title="Świniary, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Świniary, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Świniary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 351.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032352" title="Wełnin">
Wełnin

Wełnin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032353" title="Włosnowice">
Włosnowice

Włosnowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032354" title="Zagaje Kikowskie">
Zagaje Kikowskie

Zagaje Kikowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032356" title="Zagajów">
Zagajów

Zagajów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19032358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032358" title="Zagajów, Busko County">
Zagajów, Busko County

Zagajów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032359" title="Zagajów-Kolonia">
Zagajów-Kolonia

Zagajów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032368" title="1897 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1897 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1897 was the eleventh series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Limerick won the championship, beating Kilkenny 3-4 to 2-4 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Semi-final:" (1 match) This is a lone game which sees the winners of the Leinster championship play Galway who receive a bye to this stage. One team is eliminated while the winning team advances to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the lone semi-final play the winners of the Munster championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19032369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032369" title="Zagórzany, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Zagórzany, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Zagórzany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
Excitement in the village of insurmountable proportions encircling July 2012 is taken into Zagórzany's history chronicles, where a beautiful local woman of the village is set to marry a handsome Australian man - marking new and unprecedented heights in international relations for the region; never before had there been such expectations set for so many wedding-guest visitors from around Europe and Australia to simultaneously descend onto Zagórzany in order to celebrate in joy such a glorious and happy occasion.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032372" title="Zborów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Zborów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Zborów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032374" title="Zielonki, Busko County">
Zielonki, Busko County

Zielonki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032376" title="Żuków, Busko County">
Żuków, Busko County

Żuków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Solec-Zdrój, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032390" title="Białoborze">
Białoborze

Białoborze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032391" title="Borek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Borek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Borek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Stopnica, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032393" title="Bosowice">
Bosowice

Bosowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Stopnica, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032398" title="Czyżów, Busko County">
Czyżów, Busko County

Czyżów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 430.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032400" title="Dziesławice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Dziesławice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Dziesławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032405" title="Falęcin Nowy">
Falęcin Nowy

Falęcin Nowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032406" title="Falęcin Stary">
Falęcin Stary

Falęcin Stary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032411" title="Folwarki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Folwarki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Folwarki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032417" title="Jastrzębiec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Jastrzębiec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Jastrzębiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032419" title="Kąty Nowe">
Kąty Nowe

Kąty Nowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032420" title="Necessitative mood">
Necessitative mood

The necessitative mood (abbreviated ) is a grammatical mood found in languages such as Armenian and Turkish, which combines elements of both the cohortative (which is typically used in only the first person) and the jussive moods (which is typically only used in the second and third persons). It expresses plea, insistence, imploring, self-encouragement, wish, desire, intent, command, purpose or consequence.
Examples of the necessitative:

</doc>
<doc id="19032421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032421" title="Kąty Stare">
Kąty Stare

Kąty Stare is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032423" title="Klępie Dolne">
Klępie Dolne

Klępie Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032424" title="Klępie Górne">
Klępie Górne

Klępie Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 340.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032426" title="Konary, Busko County">
Konary, Busko County

Konary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stopnica, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032429" title="Kuchary, Gmina Stopnica">
Kuchary, Gmina Stopnica

Kuchary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032432" title="1898 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1898 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1898 was the twelfth series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Tipperary won the championship, beating Kilkenny 7-13 to 3-10 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Semi-final:" (1 match) This is a lone game which sees the winners of the Munster championship play Galway who receive a bye to this stage. One team is eliminated while the winning team advances to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the lone semi-final play the winners of the Munster championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19032435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032435" title="Mariampol, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Mariampol, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Mariampol is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 67.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032436" title="Mietel">
Mietel

Mietel is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032438" title="Nowa Wieś, Gmina Stopnica">
Nowa Wieś, Gmina Stopnica

Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032440" title="Podlasek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Podlasek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Podlasek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Stopnica, south-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032443" title="Antonio Guarnieri">
Antonio Guarnieri

Antonio Guarnieri (born Venice, Italy, 1 February 1880 — died Milan, Italy, 25 November 1952) was an Italian conductor and cellist.
After playing cello in the Martucci string quartet he turned to conducting in 1904, being engaged by the Vienna Court Opera in 1912.
He succeeded Toscanini at La Scala in 1929 and stayed there until shortly before his death. A highly regarded technician at the podium, he conducted many important world premières. Ottorino Respighi's Belfagor, for instance.

</doc>
<doc id="19032446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032446" title="Prusy, Busko County">
Prusy, Busko County

Prusy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032457" title="Skrobaczów">
Skrobaczów

Skrobaczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032459" title="Smogorzów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Smogorzów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Smogorzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032460" title="Strzałków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Strzałków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Strzałków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032462" title="Suchowola, Busko County">
Suchowola, Busko County

Suchowola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032464" title="Masonic Temple Building (Blount Street, Raleigh, North Carolina)">
Masonic Temple Building (Blount Street, Raleigh, North Carolina)

The Masonic Temple Building, built in 1907, is an historic 3-story red brick Prince Hall Masonic building located at 427 South Blount Street in Raleigh, North Carolina. On May 3, 1984, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Today it is occupied by Prince Hall Masonic Lodges 4 and 21 as well as a beauty salon.
It is one of two places of the same name in Raleigh on the National Register of Historic Places, the other being the much larger Masonic Temple Building, Fayetteville Street (Raleigh, North Carolina), which was also built in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="19032467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032467" title="Szczeglin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Szczeglin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Szczeglin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032468" title="Harvey Itano">
Harvey Itano

Harvey Akio Itano (November 3, 1920 – May 8, 2010) was an American biochemist best known for his work on the molecular basis of sickle cell anemia and other diseases. In collaboration with Linus Pauling, Itano used electrophoresis to demonstrate the difference between normal hemoglobin and sickle cell hemoglobin; their 1949 paper "Sickle Cell Anemia, a Molecular Disease" (coauthored also with S. J. Singer and Ibert C. Wells) was a landmark in both molecular medicine and protein electrophoresis.
In 1979, Itano became the first Japanese American admitted to the United States National Academy of Sciences (in the Genetics section). Itano was an emeritus professor of pathology at the University of California, San Diego. Itano died in La Jolla, California of complications from Parkinson's disease.
Early life.
Itano was born in Sacramento, California. Itano attended the University of California at Berkeley where he was valedictorian of the Class of 1942. However, Itano missed commencement in Berkeley because he and his family were sent to the Tanforan Assembly center, prior to being sent to the Tule Lake internment camp. Itano was later allowed to leave camp to attend the St. Louis University medical school, earning his M.D. in 1945. He then went to graduate school at the California Institute of Technology, where he received doctorates in chemistry and physics in 1950.
Research.
While at Cal Tech, Itano joined the lab of Linus Pauling and began working on sickle cell anemia, a genetic disease that Pauling was interested in. Pauling was convinced that sickle cell disease was caused by defective hemoglobin, and set Itano to find out what made sickle cell hemoglobin chemically different. After failing with a number of other techniques, Itano succeeded in differentiating normal and sickle cell hemoglobins using moving boundary electrophoresis. He used an apparatus designed by Stanley M. Swingle, a variation on the original apparatus of electrophoresis pioneer Arne Tiselius. He found that, under certain conditions, sickle cell hemoglobin is positively charged while normal hemoglobin is not, creating a difference in electrophoretic mobility. By 1956, Vernon Ingram had determined that this was caused by a single difference in peptide sequence, which by 1958 he determined to be a glutamic acid in place of a valine.
Itano's subsequent work brought the new field of "molecular medicine" to other genetic and blood diseases. In 1954, he won the Eli Lilly Award in Biological Chemistry, and in 1972 he won the Martin Luther King Jr. Medical Achievement Award, recognizing his sickle cell work.

</doc>
<doc id="19032478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032478" title="Szczytniki, Gmina Stopnica">
Szczytniki, Gmina Stopnica

Szczytniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032481" title="Szklanów">
Szklanów

Szklanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032486" title="Topola, Busko County">
Topola, Busko County

Topola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032491" title="Wolica, Gmina Stopnica">
Wolica, Gmina Stopnica

Wolica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 550.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032492" title="Nantyglo RFC">
Nantyglo RFC

Nantyglo Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from Nantyglo Wales. The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
The club's most notable player is Tom Clapp, who in 1887 and 1888 captained the Welsh team on three occasions, including their first win over old rivals Scotland. Whereas most lower level clubs can only attribute their links to first class players before the individual was capped, Clapp played his first three matches as a full Welsh international while still turning out for Nantyglo.
The club recently raised money for an ex player who had suffered severe spinal damage and had spent months in hospital. Some squad members agreed to be photographed for a 'naked calendar' which proved to be very popular.
In recent years the team has been very successful and in 2013 Nantyglo finished unbeaten to win Division 5 East and gain promotion to Division 4 East. The team also achieved a good cup run, narrowly missing out on an appearance at The Millennium Stadium, Cardiff.
Ex Wales international hooker Nigel Meek is a coach at Nantyglo.
Nantyglo's local rivals are Blaina RFC and Brynmawr RFC.

</doc>
<doc id="19032496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032496" title="Zaborze, Busko County">
Zaborze, Busko County

Zaborze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>
They only have one type of celebration there. It is the holiday of the rising demon. They seek to bring chaos and terror to the world we live in with their occult dances and smoky cooking. During these celebrations, they sacrifice large animals, and sometimes small ones. If they're feeling really frisky, they sacrifice kitchen supplies. Their one mascot is a flying wildebeest, which brings death upon anyone who thinks about it, or anything else.

</doc>
<doc id="19032500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032500" title="Żerniki Dolne">
Żerniki Dolne

Żerniki Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Stopnica, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032513" title="Brzozówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Brzozówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Brzozówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tuczępy, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032517" title="Byzantine and Modern Greek Studies">
Byzantine and Modern Greek Studies

Byzantine and Modern Greek Studies or BMGS is a peer reviewed British journal which contains articles that pertain to both Byzantine Studies and Modern Greek studies, i.e. the language, literature, history and archaeology of the post-classical Greek world, from Late Antiquity to the present day, and also reviews of recent books of importance to Byzantine and Modern Greek studies. It is published annually, from 1975 to the current day, by the Centre of Byzantine, Ottoman and Modern Greek Studies at the University of Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="19032520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032520" title="Chałupki, Busko County">
Chałupki, Busko County

Chałupki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tuczępy, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032521" title="Modern Wonder (factual boys magazine)">
Modern Wonder (factual boys magazine)

Modern Wonder was a largely factual magazine aimed at boys and young men. It had many articles and pictures on science, engineering and warfare etc. In some of the magazines, the Flash Gordon comic strip is printed in colour on the back cover. Issues were usually around 20 pages in length, with the covers and inside two pages printed in colour. The magazine was printed in Great Britain by Oldhams (Watford) Limited, St. Albans Rd., Watford. The magazine was in "tabloid" format, approximate dimensions 36 cm x 27 cm.
The magazine (cost two pence, every Wednesday) began publication in 1937 under the title "Modern Wonder", and went through a few name changes, becoming "Modern Wonders" in late 1940 and "Modern World" from March 1941 until the magazine folded in 1941, possibly due to wartime paper shortages in England.
Lists of Contents.
"Date and Issue": April 23, 1938 Vol 2 No.49
Ocean Oil Lines Next
Amazing New Sky Birds of the British and French Air Forces
Turning Steel Into Horse Power (Double Decker Buses)
The Plane They Made a God
Copyright By Reuters
The Odd Job Patrol (The Royal Navy Can Turn its hand to all sorts of strange tasks and the Palestine Patrol certainly had its fair share of them).
King of the Clouds
The Birth of the Talkie (Colour Double Centre Page with pictures)
Posted as Missing
Criminals Caught By Chemicals
Some Models for Beginners (model aircraft)
Underground Fortifications - The Mighty Maginot Line (France)
Taking the Knock out of Petrol
Science Marches On
Britains Leading Aero Engines
"Date and Issue": April 2, 1938 Vol 2 No.46
Eyes That See in the Dark.
Britain Will Make Racing History.
The Radio Newspaper.
Air Attack for Sky Birds
Specter of the Fog
Eruptions on the Sun
I Fly at 400 Miles an Hour (Aircraft)
Guard Your Brain Waves
King of the Clouds
The Kings Navy (Colour Double Centre Page with pictures)
Flood and Fire
Petrol and Rubber Models (Aircraft)
Millions Living on Wheels. The Cult of the Motor Caravan
Cannibals on the Ponds (Dragonflies)
They Ate their Coats for Dinner
Stamp Corner

</doc>
<doc id="19032523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032523" title="Dobrów">
Dobrów

Dobrów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19032526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032526" title="Dobrów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Dobrów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Dobrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuczępy, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032533" title="Góra, Busko County">
Góra, Busko County

Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Tuczępy, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032535" title="Grzymała">
Grzymała

Grzymała may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19032539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032539" title="Grzymała, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Grzymała, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Grzymała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Tuczępy, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032543" title="1899 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1899 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1899 was the thirteenth series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Tipperary won the championship, beating Wexford 3-12 to 1-4 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Final:" (1 match) The Munster and Leinster champions play in this game to determine the All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19032546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032546" title="Januszkowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Januszkowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Januszkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Tuczępy, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032551" title="Jarosławice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Jarosławice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Jarosławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tuczępy, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 410.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032554" title="Kargów">
Kargów

Kargów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tuczępy, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032555" title="Nieciesławice">
Nieciesławice

Nieciesławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tuczępy, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032560" title="Niziny, Busko County">
Niziny, Busko County

Niziny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Tuczępy, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032567" title="Podlesie, Busko County">
Podlesie, Busko County

Podlesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuczępy, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032569" title="Rzędów">
Rzędów

Rzędów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Tuczępy, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032571" title="Sachalin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Sachalin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Sachalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuczępy, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032576" title="Sieczków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Sieczków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Sieczków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Tuczępy, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032580" title="Tuczępy, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Tuczępy, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Tuczępy is a village in Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Tuczępy. It lies approximately east of Busko-Zdrój and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032584" title="Wierzbica, Busko County">
Wierzbica, Busko County

Wierzbica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuczępy, east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032591" title="Horizon Travel">
Horizon Travel

Horizon Travel or the Horizon Holiday Group was a British package holiday company no longer in existence, but was one of the first ventures into the package holiday market.
Foundation.
The company was co-founded by Vladimir Raitz on 12 October 1949. The company pioneered the first mass package holidays abroad with charter flights between Gatwick airport and Corsica in 1950, and organised the first package holiday to Palma in 1952, Lourdes in 1953, and the Costa Brava and Sardinia in 1954. In addition, the amendments made in Montreal to the Convention on International Civil Aviation on 14 June 1954 were very liberal to Spain, allowing impetus for mass tourism using charter planes.
In 1974, Horizon was taken over by the Clarksons Travel Group which went bankrupt in August that year.
Horizon Travel Group (2011).
In 2011 a group of investors including former directors of the Co-Op Travel Group and the TTA re-launched the Horizon name with a new ATOL licence and operates mainly to Egypt & Bespoke destinations.

</doc>
<doc id="19032601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032601" title="Kent Peninsula">
Kent Peninsula

The Kent Peninsula is a large peninsula, almost totally surrounded by water, in Nunavut's northern Canadian Arctic mainland. Were it not for a 5-mile isthmus at the southeast corner it would be a long island parallel to the coast. From the isthmus it extends westward into the Coronation Gulf. To the south Melville Sound separates it from the mainland. To the north is Dease Strait and then Victoria Island. To the west is Coronation Gulf and to the east, Queen Maud Gulf. Cape Flinders is the western tip, Cape Franklin is at the northwest point and Cape Alexander the northeast point.
Historically, the Umingmuktogmiut subgroup of Copper Inuit had a permanent community at Umingmuktog on the peninsula's western coast. A landmark for early explorers was Point Turnagain about 25 miles northeast of Cape Flinders near Cape Franklin at about . In 1821 John Franklin reached it from the west and turned back. In 1838 Thomas Simpson (explorer) reached nearly the same point, was blocked by ice and walked 100 miles east. In 1839 the coast was clear of ice and Simpson followed the entire coast east.

</doc>
<doc id="19032605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032605" title="Brzezie, Busko County">
Brzezie, Busko County

Brzezie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wiślica, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032609" title="Gluzy">
Gluzy

Gluzy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wiślica, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032611" title="Górki, Busko County">
Górki, Busko County

Górki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wiślica, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032612" title="Gorysławice">
Gorysławice

Gorysławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wiślica, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032617" title="Hołudza">
Hołudza

Hołudza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wiślica, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032619" title="1990 in comics">
1990 in comics

Awards.
Eisner Awards.
"Presented in 1991 for comics published in 1990."
First issues by title.
DC Comics.
Justice League Quarterly
Limited series.
The Atlantis Chronicles
The Books of Magic v1
Breathtaker
Hawkworld (3 issues, later became an ongoing)
""'Twilight
World Without End
Marvel Comics.
Camp Candy
Ghost Rider v2
Guardians of the Galaxy v1
Knights of Pendragon
RoboCop
Marvel Super-Heroes v2
Mighty Mouse
Namor the Sub-Mariner
New Warriors
Nomad
Tomorrow Knights
Zorro
Limited Series.
Alien Legion: On The Edge
Atomic Age
Black Knight
Brute Force
Cadillacs and Dinosaurs
Darkman v1
Deathlok v1
Critical Mass
Elsewhere Prince
Fafhr and the Gray Mouser
""'Foolkiller v1
Hollywood Superstars
Impossible Man Summer Vacation Spectacular
The Last American
New Adventures of Cholly & Flytrap
Punisher Armory
RoboCop 2
Saga of the Original Human Torch
X-Men Spotlight On... Starjammers
Stalkers
Steeltown Rockers
The Thanos Quest
One-shots.
The Return of Shang-Chi, Master of Kung Fu: Bleeding Black
Shogakukan.
Basara
Independent titles.
Classics Illustrated v2
Hate
Judge Dredd Megazine
"Logan's Run"
Limited series.
Big Numbers (2 issues before cancellation)
Bratpack
Cages
Give Me Liberty
Hard Boiled
The Men In Black v1
The Terminator: Tempest

</doc>
<doc id="19032622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032622" title="Jurków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Jurków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Jurków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wiślica, south-west of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 590.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032626" title="Kobylniki, Busko County">
Kobylniki, Busko County

Kobylniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wiślica, south-west of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 460.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032627" title="Koniecmosty">
Koniecmosty

Koniecmosty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wiślica, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032630" title="Kuchary, Gmina Wiślica">
Kuchary, Gmina Wiślica

Kuchary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wiślica, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032633" title="Łatanice">
Łatanice

Łatanice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wiślica, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032637" title="Ostrów, Busko County">
Ostrów, Busko County

Ostrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wiślica, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032640" title="Sielec, Busko County">
Sielec, Busko County

Sielec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wiślica, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032644" title="Skorocice">
Skorocice

Skorocice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wiślica, south-west of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032645" title="Skotniki Dolne">
Skotniki Dolne

Skotniki Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wiślica, south-west of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032648" title="Skotniki Górne">
Skotniki Górne

Skotniki Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wiślica, south-west of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.

</doc>
<doc id="19032651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032651" title="Szczerbaków">
Szczerbaków

Szczerbaków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wiślica, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032653" title="Szczytniki, Gmina Wiślica">
Szczytniki, Gmina Wiślica

Szczytniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wiślica, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032659" title="Wawrowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Wawrowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Wawrowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wiślica, south of Busko-Zdrój, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032682" title="Pustków-Krownice">
Pustków-Krownice

Pustków-Krownice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032686" title="Pustynia, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Pustynia, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Pustynia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032690" title="Stasiówka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Stasiówka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Stasiówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032692" title="Stobierna, Dębica County">
Stobierna, Dębica County

Stobierna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has an approximate population of 1,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032694" title="Zawada, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Zawada, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Zawada is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,300. The village is run by tribal leader Repro Codęca.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032695" title="Borki, Jędrzejów County">
Borki, Jędrzejów County

Borki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032697" title="Borów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Borów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Borów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032701" title="Brus, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Brus, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Brus is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032702" title="Dęborzyn">
Dęborzyn

Dęborzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jodłowa, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032703" title="Brynica Sucha">
Brynica Sucha

Brynica Sucha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032704" title="Dębowa">
Dębowa

Dębowa may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19032705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032705" title="Chorzewa">
Chorzewa

Chorzewa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032706" title="Dębowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Dębowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Dębowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jodłowa, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Jodłowa, south of Dębica, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032708" title="Chwaścice">
Chwaścice

Chwaścice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032709" title="Dzwonowa">
Dzwonowa

Dzwonowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jodłowa, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032712" title="Jodłowa">
Jodłowa

Jodłowa is a village in Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Jodłowa.
It lies approximately south of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 4,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032713" title="Cierno-Zaszosie">
Cierno-Zaszosie

Cierno-Zaszosie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032714" title="Zagórze, Dębica County">
Zagórze, Dębica County

Zagórze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jodłowa, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Jodłowa, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032715" title="Diament, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Diament, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Diament is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032716" title="Second Chance (Shinedown song)">
Second Chance (Shinedown song)

"Second Chance" is a song by American hard rock band Shinedown and the second single from their 2008 album, "The Sound of Madness". However, the song is not included on the UK release of "The Sound of Madness". It was released on September 9, 2008 and has become Shinedown's most successful single.
The song has been used in promotion for the second season of "" and the 2008 WWE Tribute to the Troops show. In May 2009, "Second Chance" was used in a promo regarding the return of character Michael Corinthos on ABC's daytime drama "General Hospital". It was released on DLC as part of a 3-song pack on "Guitar Hero 5" and also for "Rock Band 3".
Two versions exist -- a rock version, which is the album version, and a pop version (notably played on Sirius XM Radio's Adult Top 40-formatted The Pulse satellite radio channel), which is a remix, although the harder guitars start in the second verse in the song rather than at the second half of the first verse.
Song meaning / music video.
At Pointfest 22, lead singer Brent Smith told the audience;
The official music video for the song premiered on January 8, 2009 on MSN Music. It starts with a teenage girl sitting on a bench at night, and lead singer Brent Smith in the background. It shows that she has a job helping a fisherman. She also has a boyfriend. She aspires to be a ballerina, and wants to go to a dance school. She is seen dancing in her garage a few times in the music video. However, her family is somewhat dysfunctional, with her parents shown fighting all the time. She looks out for her younger brother, and often takes care of him. When she asks her mother for permission to go to the school one day, her mother immediately refuses, showing her bills, and shouting at her. The girl thinks about all the things in her life that make her happy, and decides to run away to attend the school. She leaves a note for her parents, and she looks in on her younger brother asleep, before leaving the house. She then goes to the bench where the music video began, bringing the music video to full circle. When her parents read the note, it makes them realize that they didn't make the best choices in raising her, but they have a second chance by choosing to let her go.
Lead singer, Brent Smith, is shown singing alone on a hill throughout the video, and the girl is shown practicing her dancing in the garage frequently. At the end of the video, the girl gets on a bus, where Brent Smith and the other members of the band are riding on as well.
The video was shot on Anna Maria Island on the Gulf Coast of Florida. It was shot at various locations on the Island, including Periwinkle Plaza in Anna Maria, the Silver Surf resort in Bradenton Beach and the Star Fish Company in Cortez. The video stars a couple of local people; the girl is played by Alanna Massey, of nearby Parrish FL, and the little brother is William Bernet who lives across the street from Corky and Brenda Parker’s house whose home is featured as the girl's home in the video.
Chart performance.
"Second Chance" is, by far, Shinedown's biggest hit to date. It has reached No. 1 on Billboard's Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks, Hot Modern Rock Tracks, and Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks charts (their first No. 1 on this chart), making it the band's first song to top multiple charts. It is only the third song to top all three of those charts, the other two being "One Headlight" by The Wallflowers and "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" by Green Day. On the "Billboard" Hot 100, it peaked at No. 7, making it not only their first (and, to date, only) top-40 single to date ("I Dare You" was their first Hot 100 single in 2006), but also their first top-10 single. It's also their debut single on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart, debuting at No. 29. On Mainstream Top 40 radio, the song has done exceptionally well for a rock song, peaking within the top three there at No. 3. It is their first charting single on the Canadian Hot 100 as well, so far peaking at No. 32.
Overall, "Second Chance" is Shinedown's third of six singles to top the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart to date, having spent 10 weeks at No. 1 beginning December 27, 2008. On the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart, it is their only No. 1 single to date, having spent three non-consecutive weeks at No. 1 beginning February 14, 2009. It was also their only No. 1 single to date on the Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks chart having spent 7 consecutive weeks at No. 1 beginning June 20, 2009 which is 3 weeks less than the song's stay on the Mainstream Rock chart and 4 weeks longer than the song's stay on the Modern Rock chart. It charted poorly on the Rock Songs chart at No. 8 since the song came out and already had success before the chart came out on June 20, 2009. It has stated that if the chart came out before the song or song came out later, it would've also hit No. 1 or at least hit the Top 5 on the chart.
On March 29, 2009, "Second Chance" debuted at No. 20 on the VH1 Top 20 Video Countdown, becoming their first video to ever debut on the show, and on May 16, "Second Chance" hit No. 1; Smith & Kerch, the guests on the show at the time, introduced it themselves. It was later No. 1 a second time on June 20.
"Second Chance" is also the band's first and only song to chart internationally, reaching No. 19 thus far on the Australian ARIA Charts, and No. 32 on the New Zealand RIANZ charts. It has also charted at No. 53 on the German Singles Chart. In Austria the song has reached the top twenty at No. 13.
"Second Chance" is also notable for being the final song the legendary disc jockey Casey Kasem played before signing off the air for the final time.
"Second Chance" was one of the final post-grunge songs to hit the top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100. Since then, the only acts to achieve such success were Nickelback and Daughtry, who both have frequent crossover success, and Breaking Benjamin, whose "I Will Not Bow" barely reached the top 40 on the strength of downloads.
In addition to chart success, "Second Chance" has been certified Platinum by the RIAA – Shinedown's first single to achieve any certification.
"Second Chance" has since been certified 2x platinum by the RIAA.

</doc>
<doc id="19032717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032717" title="Gatineau Power Company">
Gatineau Power Company

Gatineau Power Company was an electricity generation and distribution company in Quebec, Canada. 
It was originally a subsidiary of Canadian Pacific and later of International Paper. Its operations included a streetcar company which served Hull, Quebec.
The company disappeared as a separate organization after it and other investor-owned electric companies were acquired by Hydro-Québec as part of the nationalization of electricity in Quebec in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19032719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032719" title="Gozna">
Gozna

Gozna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032721" title="Ignacówka">
Ignacówka

Ignacówka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19032724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032724" title="Ignacówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Ignacówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Ignacówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032728" title="Jasionna, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Jasionna, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Jasionna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032729" title="Bielowy">
Bielowy

Bielowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pilzno, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032731" title="Książe-Skroniów">
Książe-Skroniów

Książe-Skroniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032732" title="Dobrków">
Dobrków

Dobrków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Pilzno, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032733" title="Gębiczyna">
Gębiczyna

Gębiczyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pilzno, south of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has an approximate population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032735" title="Kulczyzna">
Kulczyzna

Kulczyzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032737" title="Gołęczyna">
Gołęczyna

Gołęczyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pilzno, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032740" title="Łączyn">
Łączyn

Łączyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 440.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032743" title="Jaworze Dolne">
Jaworze Dolne

Jaworze Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pilzno, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032747" title="Jaworze Górne">
Jaworze Górne

Jaworze Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pilzno, south of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032748" title="Lasków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Lasków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Lasków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032750" title="Łęki Dolne">
Łęki Dolne

Łęki Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Pilzno, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032751" title="Lścin">
Lścin

Lścin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032754" title="Łęki Górne, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Łęki Górne, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Łęki Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Pilzno, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032755" title="Ludwinów, Gmina Jędrzejów">
Ludwinów, Gmina Jędrzejów

Ludwinów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032757" title="Łysaków Drugi">
Łysaków Drugi

Łysaków Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032758" title="The Miniature White House">
The Miniature White House

The Miniature White House is a detailed miniature replica of the White House created by miniaturists John and Jan Zweifel.
Its construction began in 1962, on a 1 inch to 1 foot scale. It was created in painstaking detail, and features miniature replications of almost all the rooms in the White House, including the East Wing, West Wing and the Oval Office. It has toured every U.S. state as well as several foreign countries while on tour in the 1970s and early 1980s. While touring in the Netherlands, the replica was attacked by a group of anti-American vandals, who significantly damaged most of the model, but all was eventually repaired. Portions of the replica can be seen at the Presidents Hall of Fame museum [http://www.presidentshalloffame.com/] in Clermont, Florida, while the replica itself is featured on tour (usually displayed in presidential libraries) from time to time. 
A detailed, illustrated book by Gail Buckland, The White House in Miniature, was published in 1994 and features an extensive history of the replica, its creators and features a photographic tour of all the miniature rooms. A VHS/DVD tour of the replica has also been made available.
The replica's permanent location is at the Zweifel's "Presidents Hall of Fame" in Clermont, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19032760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032760" title="Lipiny, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Lipiny, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Lipiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Pilzno, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032763" title="Łysaków Kawęczyński">
Łysaków Kawęczyński

Łysaków Kawęczyński is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032764" title="Machowa">
Machowa

Machowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Pilzno, west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032766" title="Łysaków pod Lasem">
Łysaków pod Lasem

Łysaków pod Lasem is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032767" title="Mokrzec">
Mokrzec

Mokrzec may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19032768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032768" title="Mokrzec, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Mokrzec, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Mokrzec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pilzno, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032769" title="Parkosz">
Parkosz

Parkosz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Pilzno, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032770" title="Mnichów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Mnichów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Mnichów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 1,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032774" title="Piaski, Jędrzejów County">
Piaski, Jędrzejów County

Piaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.

</doc>
<doc id="19032775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032775" title="Podlesie, Gmina Pilzno">
Podlesie, Gmina Pilzno

Podlesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Pilzno, west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032776" title="Podchojny">
Podchojny

Podchojny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 780.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032777" title="Połomia">
Połomia

Połomia may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19032781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032781" title="Połomia, Dębica County">
Połomia, Dębica County

Połomia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Pilzno, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 78.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032782" title="Podlaszcze">
Podlaszcze

Podlaszcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032783" title="Słotowa">
Słotowa

Słotowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Pilzno, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032784" title="Potok Mały">
Potok Mały

Potok Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032786" title="Oleh Makarov">
Oleh Makarov

Oleh Oleksandrovych Makarov (, ; July 26, 1929 – November 8, 1995) was a Ukrainian and Soviet football player and coach.
International career.
Makarov played his only game for the USSR on July 27, 1957 in a 1958 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="19032789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032789" title="Strzegocice">
Strzegocice

Strzegocice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pilzno, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has an approximate population of 600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032793" title="Zwiernik">
Zwiernik

Zwiernik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pilzno, south-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032794" title="Potok Wielki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Potok Wielki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Potok Wielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032795" title="Prząsław">
Prząsław

Prząsław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 410.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032797" title="Prząsław Mały">
Prząsław Mały

Prząsław Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032800" title="Przysów">
Przysów

Przysów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032807" title="Raków, Jędrzejów County">
Raków, Jędrzejów County

Raków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032809" title="Skroniów">
Skroniów

Skroniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 870.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032811" title="Sudół">
Sudół

Sudół may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19032813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032813" title="Sudół, Jędrzejów County">
Sudół, Jędrzejów County

Sudół is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032814" title="Węgleniec">
Węgleniec

Węgleniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032815" title="Bobrowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Bobrowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Bobrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żyraków, north of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,390.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032816" title="Wilanów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Wilanów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Wilanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032818" title="Bobrowa Wola">
Bobrowa Wola

Bobrowa Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żyraków, north of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032821" title="Góra Motyczna">
Góra Motyczna

Góra Motyczna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Żyraków, north-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032823" title="Wolica, Jędrzejów County">
Wolica, Jędrzejów County

Wolica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032824" title="Korzeniów, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Korzeniów, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Korzeniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żyraków, north of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032826" title="Kawasaki KH-4">
Kawasaki KH-4

__NOTOC__
The Kawasaki KH-4 was a light utility helicopter produced in Japan in the 1960s as a development of the Bell 47 that Kawasaki had been building under licence since 1952. The most visible difference between the KH-4 and its forerunner was its new and enlarged cabin. This was fully enclosed (although the side doors were removable) and provided seating for three passengers side-by-side on a bench seat behind the pilot's seat. The helicopter was provided with a new control system, revised instrumentation, and larger fuel tank.
A total of 211 KH-4s were built, including four that were modified from existing Bell 47Gs. The vast majority of these were bought by civil operators, although some were purchased by the military forces of Japan and Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="19032827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032827" title="Wólka, Jędrzejów County">
Wólka, Jędrzejów County

Wólka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032830" title="Mokre, Dębica County">
Mokre, Dębica County

Mokre is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Żyraków, north of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 590.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032832" title="Wygoda, Gmina Jędrzejów">
Wygoda, Gmina Jędrzejów

Wygoda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032833" title="Nagoszyn">
Nagoszyn

Nagoszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Żyraków, north of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032834" title="Straszęcin">
Straszęcin

Straszęcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Żyraków, west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032836" title="Wiewiórka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Wiewiórka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Wiewiórka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Żyraków, north-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032840" title="Zagaje, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Zagaje, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Zagaje is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Jędrzejów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032841" title="Wola Wielka, Dębica County">
Wola Wielka, Dębica County

Wola Wielka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Żyraków, north-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032844" title="Wola Żyrakowska">
Wola Żyrakowska

Wola Żyrakowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żyraków, north of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032845" title="Zasów">
Zasów

Zasów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Żyraków, north-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 864.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032848" title="Franz Mittler">
Franz Mittler

Franz Mittler (April 14, 1893, in Vienna – December 28, 1970, in Munich) was an Austrian (and later on an American) composer, musician, and humorist.
Life and work.
Mittler was born in Vienna. His maternal grandmother financed his earliest musical education which started out under Mr. Deutsch and later Oscar Stock (violin). His first public performance took place in 1902 when he performed the Schubert Sonatina in D D. 384 with the then 7-year-old Clara Haskil. In 1904 he moved from the violin to the pursuit of piano where his teacher became Theodor Leschetizky. He studied theory with Joseph Labor (also teacher of Julius Bittner and Arnold Schoenberg), later composition with Richard Heuberger and Karl Pohaska. From these teachers, Mittler attained his neo-Brahmsian style. Further studies included Fritz Steinbach and Carl Friedberg at the Vienna University and the Conservatory in Cologne. He also studied with Heinrich Schenker.
In 1913 Mittler volunteered for a one-year stint in the Imperial and Royal Austrian Army in the supply and logistics division. As sub-lieutenant his military duties included the supervision of a bread-baking unit during all of World War I. During that time he came near the Russian front in Poland, and was stationed in Serbia. After the war, Mittler also studied singing (with a Romanian mezzo by the name of Mme. Munteanu) and later, still, guitar, before he returned to the violin again.
He composed several smaller works during the pre-war years in Vienna, including his Schumannesque "Phantasiestück opus 5 for Piano, and a Richard Strauss influenced cycle of "Four Songs opus 6 for Medium Voice and Piano". Universal published Mittler's "Marienbildchen opus 7 No. 1 for Soprano and Piano" which a contemporary review called "a charming small idyll, foull of modern harmonic piquanteries", hinting at a harmonic style roughly reflecting that of Gustav Mahler. His First String Quartet from 1909 also falls into that time, and it shows the great talent and ability of the then 16-year-old Mittler. The parts and score to String Quartet Nos. 1 and 3, his Cello Sonata (1910), as well as his Op. 3 Piano Trio were recently published by Edition Silvertrust (2008-9).
Around 1940, Mittler was one of the four pianists who organized the First Piano Quartet. He stayed with the group until the 1950s.
His daughter, Diana Mittler-Battipaglia, is a music teacher and pianist.

</doc>
<doc id="19032849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032849" title="Zawierzbie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Zawierzbie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Zawierzbie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Żyraków, north-west of Dębica, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 781.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032851" title="Żyraków">
Żyraków

Żyraków is a village in Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Żyraków. It lies approximately north of Dębica and west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032852" title="Eldridge Recasner">
Eldridge Recasner

Eldridge David Recasner (born December 14, 1967) is a retired American professional basketball player. In college, he was a three-time All-Pac-10 Conference guard for the Washington Huskies men's basketball team. After college, he played in a variety of professional leagues such as the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) and Europe before entering the NBA. He subsequently played for several National Basketball Association's (NBA) teams including the Denver Nuggets, Houston Rockets, Atlanta Hawks, Charlotte Hornets and Los Angeles Clippers.
In the 1994–95 season, his fifth season after college, he earned the CBA MVP award while leading the Yakima Sun Kings to the league championship. After that CBA season was completed, he signed to play in the NBA at the end of the 1994–95 NBA season for the Nuggets. The following season, he earned a spot on the roster of the two-time defending champion Rockets. He played in the NBA for seven more seasons. He had a career 41% three-point shot field goal percentage and 89% free throw percentage in eight NBA seasons. In each of his first four full seasons in the NBA, he shot at least 40% from the three-point line, but he suffered injuries as a passenger during an accident in an automobile driven by Derrick Coleman before the 1999–2000 season and never achieved the same level of success after the accident. He later became an assistant coach for the Sioux Falls Skyforce.
Amateur career.
Born in New Orleans, Louisiana, Recasner was introduced to basketball in fifth grade by his uncles. His first organized game was in junior high school. During the first game, Recasner scored on the wrong basket because he had learned the game on a half-court one-basket basketball court. While growing up, he admired Dr. J, George Gervin, and Marques Johnson. He attended Alfred Lawless High School in New Orleans and was a high school team mate with Robert Pack. Recasner was a senior when Pack was a sophomore. Recasner was a better professional prospect than Pack and outscored Gary Payton five of nine times when the two point guards opposed each other in college.
Recasner attended University of Washington where he played for the Huskies. He redshirted during his freshman 1985–86 season. Recasner was a member of the 1990 class at Washington, and he was a three-time All-Pac-10 guard who was selected to the Washington Huskies all-20th-century team. He was the first three-time captain of the Huskies. Recasner was an architecture major at Washington by his own account, but another account claims he was a black history major. Recasner once scored 29 points against the undefeated and number one ranked Arizona Wildcats men's basketball team while guarding Sean Elliott. The Wildcats won the game while scoring the most points the Huskies had ever given up (109).
Professional career.
Recasner, a , guard, was never selected in the NBA Draft. However, after spending the 1990–91 season with TTL Bamberg in Germany, he played in the Global Basketball Association in 1991–92. Then, he returned to Washington to play in the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) during the 1992–93 and 1994–95 seasons. He played in the CBA for the franchise located in Yakima, Washington, which was near to the Seattle metropolitan area where the University of Washington was located. He played in Turkey in 1993–94. After leading the Yakima Sun Kings to the CBA championships as the league MVP, he signed to a 10-day contract with the Denver Nuggets on March 3, 1995 and played in three games. For the 1995–96 NBA season he signed as a free agent with the Houston Rockets. He signed as a free agent with the Atlanta Hawks for the 1996–97 and 1997–98 seasons. He then signed with the Charlotte Hornets in January of the 1998–99 season where he stayed for parts of four seasons. He ended his career with two 10-day contracts for the L.A. Clippers in January 2002 after having been waived by the team.
Recasner himself considers being signed by the two-time defending NBA Champions Houston Rockets the highlight of his career. At that point he had gone from playing in the CBA to the best team in the NBA. Recasner earned the starting point guard spot over Kenny Smith and Sam Cassell. In one of his first games as a starter, he went five for six from the three-point line in the fourth quarter against the Detroit Pistons. Unfortunately, by the end of the season the Rockets had several players injured and several CBA players on their roster.
His most productive seasons were the two seasons with Atlanta where he totaled over 250 rebounds, 200 assists and nearly 1000 points in 130 games. He played in four post-seasons with three teams. Three of the four teams advanced to the second round of the NBA playoffs. Recasner posted a career 41% (239–584) three-point shot field goal percentage and ranked in the league's top 10 during the 1997–98 season with a 62–148 (.419) shooting percentage. His 1995–96 season three point statistics were better at 81–191 (.424), but he did not rank in the top 10 that season. He also posted an 89% (235–265) career free throw percentage.
In a 1997 NBA Playoff game against the Chicago Bulls he got hot and scored 11 quick points in the third quarter to nearly help the Hawks comeback in the game to even the second-round playoff series at two games apiece. At one point after a hot shooting streak, the Bulls assigned Michael Jordan to defend Recasner and the Bulls then stopped the comeback. Recasner's defense also pressured Jordan into a travelling violation in the final minute of the game. However, efforts by Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen saved the day for the Bulls.
Recasner was such a good free throw shooter that once in 1998 during the midst of a 36 consecutive successful free throw streak he was fouled in a two-shot foul situation with his team down by three points and 2.3 seconds left. His team needed him to make the first and miss the second, but he was unable to miss.
On October 27, 1999 he was hospitalized in an automobile driven by Derrick Coleman. Coleman had been driving an Sport utility vehicle and had collided with a tractor trailer and was charged with drunk driving. Coleman was eventually acquitted of the charges and found guilty of "unsafe movement". Recasner endured a fractured right shoulder, partially collapsed lung and other injuries, and a female passenger was also hospitalized. He missed 52 games due to the accident and when he returned to the lineup he only played in seven games. Recasner was very upset with Coleman who did not even check in on whether Recasner was O.K. for over a week after the accident. On Christmas Eve 1999 during his time on the injured reserve, Recasner dragged a Continental Airlines clerk across a table by his necktie in frustration while attempting to book a flight to Texas to visit his sister, who was involved in a serious car accident. Recasner was uncertain whether his sister would survive. He pled guilty to misdemeanor fourth-degree assault and was sentenced to a 24-month deferred sentence, 45 hours of community service and ordered to pay $200 in court costs.
In 2004 he was named assistant coach of the Bellevue Blackhawks of the American Basketball Association.
Personal.
Recasner lives in Bellevue, Washington, during the off-season. He and his wife Karen have four children: Sydney, Erin, Lauren, and Eldridge III. Recasner had wed on August 14, 1993. During his NBA career his mother, Joyce, and sister, Schwuan, lived in New Orleans, but he lived in Bellevue.

</doc>
<doc id="19032861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032861" title="Bełk">
Bełk

Bełk may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19032863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032863" title="Bełk, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Bełk, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Bełk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032866" title="Aşağı Cürəli">
Aşağı Cürəli

Aşağı Cürəli is a village and municipality in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,505. 

</doc>
<doc id="19032867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032867" title="Borszowice, Gmina Imielno">
Borszowice, Gmina Imielno

Borszowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Imielno, east of Jędrzejów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032868" title="Maria Flook">
Maria Flook

Maria Flook, a 2007 John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation Award recipient, is the author of the nonfiction books, "My Sister Life: The Story of My Sister's Disappearance", (Pantheon, 1998) and New York Times Best Seller "Invisible Eden: A Story of Love and Murder on Cape Cod" (Broadway Books, 2003). Her fiction includes the novels "Open Water"; "Family Night", which received a PEN American/Ernest Hemingway Foundation Special Citation http://www.mariaflook.net/hemmingway.html ; "Lux", (Little, Brown and Company, 2004), and a collection of stories, "You Have the Wrong Man" (Pantheon, 1996). She has also published two collections of poetry, "Sea Room" and "Reckless Wedding", winner of the Houghton Mifflin New Poetry Series. Her work has appeared in the New York Times Book Review, The New Yorker, The New Criterion, TriQuarterly, and More Magazine among others.
She is currently Distinguished Writer-in-Residence at Emerson College in Boston.
More information about Maria Flook can be found at www.mariaflook.net
Maria Flook's newest book, MOTHERS AND LOVERS (Roundabout Press) will be available in October 2014.
More information can be found at http://www.roundaboutpress.com/mothers-lovers-maria-flook

</doc>
<doc id="19032870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032870" title="Dalechowy">
Dalechowy

Dalechowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032871" title="Boratyn, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Boratyn, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Boratyn (, "Boratyn") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chłopice, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Chłopice, south of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032872" title="Dzierszyn">
Dzierszyn

Dzierszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032873" title="Grudzyny">
Grudzyny

Grudzyny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032877" title="Helenówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Helenówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Helenówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032879" title="Imielnica">
Imielnica

Imielnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032880" title="Chłopice">
Chłopice

Chłopice (, "Khlopychi") is a village in Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Chłopice. It lies approximately south of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032882" title="Imielno, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Imielno, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Imielno is a village in Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Imielno. It lies approximately south-east of Jędrzejów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032885" title="Panayiotopoulos syndrome">
Panayiotopoulos syndrome

Panayiotopoulos syndrome is a common idiopathic childhood-related seizure disorder that occurs exclusively in otherwise normal children (idiopathic epilepsy) and manifests mainly with autonomic epileptic seizures and autonomic status epilepticus. An expert consensus has defined Panayiotopoulos syndrome as "a benign age-related focal seizure disorder occurring in early and mid-childhood. It is characterized by seizures, often prolonged, with predominantly autonomic symptoms, and by an EEG that shows shifting and/or multiple foci, often with occipital predominance."
Signs and symptoms.
Panayiotopoulos syndrome occurs exclusively in otherwise normal children and manifests mainly with infrequent autonomic epileptic seizures and autonomic status epilepticus. Onset of seizures is from age 1 to 14 years with 76% starting between 3–6 years. Autonomic seizures consist of episodes of disturbed autonomic function with nausea, retching and vomiting as predominant symptoms. Other autonomic manifestations include pallor (or, less often, flushing or cyanosis), mydriasis (or, less often, miosis), cardiorespiratory and thermoregulatory alterations, incontinence of urine and/or feces,hypersalivation, and modifications of intestinal motility. In approximately one fifth of the seizures the child becomes unresponsive and flaccid (syncope-like epileptic seizures or ictal syncope) before or often without convulsions. Syncope-like epileptic seizures (ictal syncope) with the child becoming "completely unresponsive and flaccid like a rag doll" occur in one fifth of the seizures. More-conventional seizure symptoms often appear after the onset of autonomic manifestations. The child, who was initially fully conscious, becomes confused and unresponsive. Eyes turn to one side or gaze widely open. Only half of the seizures end with brief hemiconvulsions or generalized convulsions. Autonomic symptoms may be the only features of the seizures. None of the above symptoms alone is a prerequisite for diagnosis. Recurrent seizures may not be stereotyped. The same child may have brief or prolonged seizures and autonomic manifestations may be severe or inconspicuous. The full emetic triad (nausea, retching, vomiting) culminates in vomiting in 74% of the seizures; in others only nausea or retching occur, and in a few, none of the emetic symptoms are apparent. 
Most of the seizures are prolonged and half of them last more than 30 minutes thus constituting autonomic status epilepticus, which is the more common nonconvulsive status epilepticus in normal children. Characteristically, even after the most severe seizures and autonomic status epilepticus, the child is normal after a few hours of sleep, which is both diagnostic and reassuring. 
Seizures can occur at any time but they are more common during sleep.
Cause.
Panayiotopoulos syndrome is probably genetically determined, though conventional genetic influences may be less important than other mechanisms. Usually, there is no family history of similar seizures, although siblings with Panayiotopoulos syndrome or Panayiotopoulos syndrome and rolandic epilepsy or, less common, Panayiotopoulos syndrome and idiopathic childhood occipital epilepsy of Gastaut have been reported. There is a high prevalence of febrile seizures (about 17%). 
SCN1A mutations have been reported in a child and in 2 siblings with relatively early onset of seizures, prolonged time over which many seizures have occurred, and strong association of seizures with febrile precipitants even after the age of 5 years. However, no such mutations were found in another couple of siblings and many other cases with typical Panayiotopoulos syndrome. These data indicate that SCN1A mutations when found contribute to a more severe clinical phenotype of Panayiotopoulos syndrome.
Pathophysiology.
In Panayiotopoulos syndrome there is a diffuse multifocal cortical hyperexcitability, which is age (maturation)-related. This diffuse epileptogenicity may be unequally distributed, predominating in one area, which is often posterior. Epileptic discharges in Panayiotopoulos syndrome, irrespective of their location at onset, activate emetic and autonomic centers prior to any other conventional neocortical seizure manifestations. An explanation for this is that children are susceptible to autonomic disorders as illustrated by the cyclic vomiting syndrome, which is a nonepileptic condition specific to childhood.
Panayiotopoulos syndrome and all other benign childhood focal seizures, with rolandic epilepsy as their main representative, are probably linked due to a common, genetically-determined, mild, and reversible functional derangement of the brain cortical maturational process that Panayiotopoulos proposed as "benign childhood seizure susceptibility syndrome". The various EEG and seizure manifestations often follow an age- (maturation-) related localization. Panayiotopoulos syndrome is probably the early onset phenotype of the benign childhood seizure susceptibility syndrome.
During a recorded autonomic seizure, there was a small increase in blood pressure (+5/4 mm Hg, systolic/diastolic), pronounced increases in heart rate (+59 bpm) and plasma concentrations of norepinephrine (+242 pg/mL), epinephrine (+175 pg/mL), and vasopressin (+22.1 pg/mL); serum glucose was also elevated (206 mg/dL). The significant increase in plasma vasopressin may explain the emetic autonomic symptoms.
Diagnosis.
Diagnostic tests.
The most important determinant of the neurodiagnostic procedures is the state of the child at the time of first medical attendance:
(1) The child has a brief or lengthy seizure of Panayiotopoulos syndrome but fully recovers prior to arriving in the accident and emergency department or being seen by a physician. A child with the distinctive clinical features of Panayiotopoulos syndrome, particularly ictus emeticus and lengthy seizures, may not need any investigations other than EEG. However, because approximately 10% to 20% of children with similar seizures may have brain pathology, an MRI may be needed.
(2) The child with a typical lengthy seizure of Panayiotopoulos syndrome partially recovers while still in a postictal stage, tired, mildly confused, and drowsy on arrival to the accident and emergency department or when seen by a physician. The child should be kept under medical supervision until fully recovered, which usually occurs after a few hours of sleep. Then guidelines are the same as in (1) above.
(3) The child is brought to the accident and emergency department or is seen by a physician while ictal symptoms continue. This is the most difficult and challenging situation. There may be dramatic symptoms accumulating in succession, which demand rigorous and experienced evaluation. The seizure may be very dramatic, with symptoms accumulating in succession, convulsions may occur and a child who becomes unresponsive and flaccid demands rigorous and experienced evaluation. The most prominent acute disorders in the differential diagnosis include encephalitis or an encephalopathic state from causes such as infections, metabolic derangement (either inborn error or others such as hypoglycaemia), raised intracranial pressure and so forth. A history of a previous similar seizure is reassuring and may prevent further procedures. 
Electroencephalography (EEG). EEG is the only investigation with abnormal results, usually showing multiple spikes in various brain locations (Figure). There is marked variability of interictal EEG findings from normal to multifocal spikes that also change significantly in serial EEGs. Occipital spikes are common but not necessary for diagnosis. Frontal or centrotemporal spikes may be the only abnormality. Generalised discharges may happen alone or together with focal spikes. A few children have consistently normal EEG, including sleep EEG. EEG abnormalities may persist for many years after clinical remission. Conversely, spikes may appear only once in successive EEGs. Series of EEGs of the same child may present with all of the above variations from normal to very abnormal. EEG abnormalities do not appear to determine clinical manifestations, duration, severity, and frequency of seizures or prognosis.
There are now significant reports of ictal EEGs in 20 cases, which objectively document the seizures of Panayiotopoulos syndrome and their variable localisation at onset. All these recorded seizures occurred while the children were asleep. The onset of the electrical ictal discharge was mainly occipital (7 cases) or frontal (7 cases)and consisted of rhythmic monomorphic decelerating theta or delta activity with small spikes. The ﬁrst clinical manifestation which appeared long (1–10 minutes) after the electrical onset, usually consisted of opening of the eyes as if the children were waking from sleep. At this stage, usually the children responded, often correctly, to simple questions. On many occasions, tachycardia was the first objective sign when ||ECG|| was recorded. Vomiting was a common ictal symptom occurring at any stage of the seizures but not as the ﬁrst clinical manifestation. Seizures associated with ictal vomiting did not have any particular localization or lateralization. Vomiting occurred mainly when the ictal discharges were more diffuse than localized. Sometimes only retching without vomiting occurred, and on a few occasions, vomiting did not occur. Other autonomic manifestations included mydriasis, pallor, cyanosis, tachypnea, hypersalivation, and perspiration at various stages of the ictus. Of non-autonomic manifestations, deviation of eyes to the right or left occurred before or after vomiting without any apparent EEG localisation; it was present in seizures starting from the occipital or frontal regions.
Magnetoencephalography (MEG). The multifocal nature of epileptogenicity in Panayiotopoulos syndrome has been also documented with MEG, which revealed that the main epileptogenic areas are along the parietal-occipital, the calcarine, or the central (rolandic) sulci. Patients with frontal spikes were significantly older than patients with spikes on rolandic, parieto-occipital, or calcarine sulci. Follow-up MEG demonstrated shifting localization or disappearance of MEG spikes.
Illustrative cases.
In a typical presentation of Panayiotopoulos syndrome, the child looks pale, vomits, and is fully conscious, able to speak, and understand but complains of “feeling sick.” Two thirds of the seizures start in sleep; the child may wake up with similar complaints while still conscious or else may be found vomiting, conscious, confused, or unresponsive.
Classification and nomenclature.
Panayiotopoulos syndrome is now the formally approved nomenclature for this syndrome in the new International League against Epilepsy report on classification, which abandoned a number of previously used descriptive terms such as early onset benign childhood epilepsy with occipital paroxysms, early onset benign childhood occipital epilepsy, nocturnal childhood occipital epilepsy. The reason for this is that these descriptive terms were criticized as incorrect because in Panayiotopoulos syndrome:
 (1) Onset of seizures is mainly with autonomic symptoms, which are not occipital lobe manifestations.
 (2) Of occipital symptoms, only deviation of the eyes may originate from the occipital regions, but this rarely occurs at onset. Visual symptoms are exceptional and not consistent in recurrent seizures.
 (3) Interictal occipital spikes may never occur.
 (4) Magnetoencephalography may show equivalent current dipoles clustering in the frontal areas.
 (5) Ictal EEG has documented variable onset from the posterior or anterior regions
“An autonomic seizure is an epileptic seizure characterized by altered autonomic function of any type at seizure onset or in which manifestations consistent with altered autonomic function are prominent (quantitatively dominant or clinically important) even if not present at seizure onset. The altered autonomic function may be objective or subjective or both.” 
“Autonomic status epilepticus is an autonomic seizure which lasts for more than 30 minutes, or a series of such seizures over a 30 minute period without full recovery between seizures.” 
Misdiagnosis.
The distinctive clinical features particularly lengthy seizures and ictus emeticus means that the diagnosis of Panayiotopoulos syndrome is easy. However, these are frequently mistaken as nonepileptic conditions such as acute encephalitis, syncope, migraine, cyclic vomiting syndrome, motion sickness, sleep disorder, or gastroenteritis. The consequence is avoidable misdiagnosis, high morbidity, and costly mismanagement. 
Autonomic seizures and autonomic status epilepticus as occur in Panayiotopoulos syndrome have not been described in other epileptic syndromes in that sequence though 10–20 per cent of children with the same seizure semiology may have cerebral pathology. The major problem is to recognize emetic and other autonomic manifestations as seizure events and not to dismiss them or erroneously to consider them as unrelated to the ictus and a feature of encephalitis, migraine, syncope or gastro-enteritis.
Management.
Continuous prophylactic antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment may not be needed particularly for children with only 1-2 or brief seizures. This is probably best reserved for children whose seizures are unusually frequent, prolonged, distressing, or otherwise significantly interfering with the child’s life. There is no evidence of superiority of monotherapy with any particular common AED.
Autonomic status epilepticus in the acute stage needs thorough evaluation for proper diagnosis and assessment of the neurologic/autonomic state of the child. "Rescue" benzodiazepines are commonly used to terminate it. Aggressive treatment should be avoided because of the risk of iatrogenic complications, including cardiovascular arrest. There is some concern that intravenous lorazepam and/or diazepam may precipitate cardiovascular arrest. Early parental treatment is more effective than late emergency treatment. Buccal midazolam is probably the first choice medication for out of hospital termination of autonomic status epilepticus which should be administered as soon as the child shows evidence of onset of its habitual autonomic seizures. 
Parental education about Panayiotopoulos syndrome is the cornerstone of correct management. The traumatizing, sometimes long-lasting effect on parents is significant particularly because autonomic seizures may last for many hours compounded by physicians’ uncertainty regarding diagnosis, management, and prognosis.
Prognosis.
Panayiotopoulos syndrome is remarkably benign in terms of its evolution. The risk of developing epilepsy in adult life is probably no more than of the general population. Most patients have one or 2-5 seizures. Only a third of patients may have more than 5 seizures, and these may be frequent, but outcome is again favorable. However, one fifth of patients may develop other types of infrequent, usually rolandic seizures during childhood and early teens. These are also age-related and remit before the age of 16 years. Atypical evolutions with absences and drop attacks are exceptional. Children with pre-existing neurobehavioral disorders tend to be pharmacoresistant and have frequent seizures though these also remit with age.
Formal neuropsychological assessment of children with Panayiotopoulos syndrome showed that these children have normal IQ and they are not on any significant risk of developing cognitive and behavioural aberrations, which when they occur they are usually mild reversible. Prognosis of cognitive function is good even for patients with atypical evolutions.
However, though Panayiotopoulos syndrome is benign in terms of its evolution, autonomic seizures are potentially life threatening in the rare context of cardiorespiratory arrest.
Epidemiology.
Panayiotopoulos syndrome probably affects 13% of children aged 3 to 6 years who have had 1 or more afebrile seizures and 6% of such children in the 1- to 15-year age group. All races and both sexes are affected.
History.
Chrysostomos (Tomis) P. Panayiotopoulos described this syndrome and autonomic status epilepticus particular to childhood through a 30-year prospective study that started in Greece in 1975. Initial publications included patients with EEG occipital paroxysms or occipital spikes that attracted the main attention, but later it became apparent that the same clinical manifestations, and mainly ictal vomiting, could occur in children with EEG extraoccipital spikes or normal EEG.
In Panayiotopoulos’ original study, ictal vomiting occurred in only 24 children out of 900 patients of all ages with epileptic seizures. Twenty-one were otherwise normal children (idiopathic cases constituting what is now considered Panayiotopoulos syndrome), and 3 had symptomatic epilepsies. Half of the seizures were lengthy, lasting for hours (autonomic status epilepticus). The EEG of the 21 idiopathic cases showed great variations: 12 had occipital paroxysms or spikes alone or with extraoccipital spikes; 2 had central spikes and giantsomatosensory evoked spikes; 2 had midline spikes; 1 had frontal spikes; 1 had brief generalized discharges; and 3 had consistently normal EEG. Subsequent attention was focused on the predominant group with occipital spikes, which was established as "early onset benign childhood epilepsy with occipital paroxysms". The other group of 9 children with extraoccipital spikes or normal EEGs was reevaluated much later; their clinical manifestations and outcome were similar to those patients with occipital spikes. Based on these results, it has been concluded that these 21 children, despite different EEG manifestations, suffered from the same disease, which is now designated as Panayiotopoulos syndrome to incorporate all cases irrespective of EEG localizations.
However, there was initial scepticism and resistance to these findings, including from influential epileptologists because as explained by Ferrie and Livingston:"(a) ictal vomiting had been considered as extremely rare and hitherto had been mainly described in neurosurgical series of adult patients. In children it was generally not considered as having an epileptic origin; (b) autonomic status epilepticus was not recognised as a diagnostic entity; the proposition that it might be a common occurrence in a benign seizure disorder challenged orthodox concepts of status epilepticus; (c) it implied that paediatricians had been failing to diagnose significant numbers of children with epilepsy, instead erroneously labeling then as having diverse non-epileptic disorders such as encephalitis, syncope, migraine, cyclic vomiting syndrome and gastroenteritis; (d) the characteristic EEG findings suggested alternative diagnoses. Occipital spikes suggested "childhood epilepsy with occipital paroxysms" of Gastaut; multifocal spikes suggested symptomatic epilepsies with poor prognosis. 
The veracity of Panayiotopoulos’s initial descriptions has, over the last two decades, been confirmed in large and long term studies from Europe, Japan and South America. The published database on which our knowledge of PS is now based includes over 800 cases of all races; there are few epilepsy syndromes which are better characterised."What emerges are a remarkably uniform clinical picture and a diagnosis which is strikingly useful in helping predict prognosis and dictate management."
Autonomic status epilepticus is the more common type of nonfebrile status epilepticus in otherwise normal children and has been assessed in a consensus statement.

</doc>
<doc id="19032886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032886" title="Dobkowice, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Dobkowice, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Dobkowice (, "Dobkovychi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chłopice, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Chłopice, south of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 920.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032891" title="Jakubów, Jędrzejów County">
Jakubów, Jędrzejów County

Jakubów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Imielno, east of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032893" title="Jankowice, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Jankowice, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Jankowice (, "Yankovychi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chłopice, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Chłopice, south of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 800.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032894" title="Łowce">
Łowce

Łowce (, "Lovtsi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chłopice, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chłopice, south of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032897" title="Lutków">
Lutków

Lutków (, "Liudkiv") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chłopice, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chłopice, south-east of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032898" title="Karczunek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Karczunek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Karczunek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032900" title="Zamiechów">
Zamiechów

Zamiechów (, "Zamikhiv") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chłopice, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chłopice, south-east of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032902" title="Kawęczyn, Jędrzejów County">
Kawęczyn, Jędrzejów County

Kawęczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032904" title="Friedhof II der Sophiengemeinde Berlin">
Friedhof II der Sophiengemeinde Berlin

The Friedhof II der Sophiengemeinde Berlin is a Protestant cemetery of the Sophienkirche in Berlin-Mitte, Germany.
Notable interments.
(*) = An Ehrengrab awarded by the "Landes Berlin"

</doc>
<doc id="19032905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032905" title="Mierzwin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Mierzwin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Mierzwin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032906" title="Motkowice">
Motkowice

Motkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Imielno, east of Jędrzejów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032910" title="Opatkowice Cysterskie">
Opatkowice Cysterskie

Opatkowice Cysterskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032912" title="Opatkowice Drewniane">
Opatkowice Drewniane

Opatkowice Drewniane is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032913" title="Koniaczów">
Koniaczów

Koniaczów (, "Koniachiv") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032914" title="Opatkowice Murowane">
Opatkowice Murowane

Opatkowice Murowane is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032915" title="Kostków">
Kostków

Kostków (, "Kostkiv") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032917" title="Opatkowice Pojałowskie">
Opatkowice Pojałowskie

Opatkowice Pojałowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032920" title="Rajchotka">
Rajchotka

Rajchotka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032921" title="Leżachów-Osada">
Leżachów-Osada

Leżachów-Osada is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032923" title="Sobowice">
Sobowice

Sobowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032924" title="Makowisko">
Makowisko

Makowisko (, "Makovys’ko") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032926" title="Stawy, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Stawy, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Stawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032927" title="Morawsko, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Morawsko, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Morawsko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032933" title="Pełkinie">
Pełkinie

Pełkinie (, "Povkyni") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032934" title="Wygoda, Gmina Imielno">
Wygoda, Gmina Imielno

Wygoda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Imielno, east of Jędrzejów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032935" title="Aşağı Cürəli (Ashagy Dzhurali)">
Aşağı Cürəli (Ashagy Dzhurali)

Aşağı Cürəli (also, Ashagy Dzhurali and Nizhniy Dzhurali) is a village in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19032937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032937" title="Sobiecin">
Sobiecin

Sobiecin (, "Sobyatyn") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032939" title="Surochów">
Surochów

Surochów (, "Surokhiv") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032942" title="Tuczempy">
Tuczempy

Tuczempy (, "Tsaryns’ke") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032944" title="Wola Buchowska">
Wola Buchowska

Wola Buchowska (, "Volia Bukhivs’ka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032945" title="Zegartowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Zegartowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Zegartowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Imielno, south-east of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032946" title="Wólka Pełkińska">
Wólka Pełkińska

Wólka Pełkińska (, "Vil’ka Polkyns’ka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in southeastern Poland. It lies approximately northwest of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032951" title="Zgoda, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Zgoda, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Zgoda (, "Zghoda") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032958" title="Fauna of Toronto">
Fauna of Toronto

Toronto, Ontario, Canada is home to a number of different animals that have adapted to the urban environment, its ravine system and its parks. Many other animals from outside the city limits have been known to straddle inside on from time to time.
Among the most common species found in Toronto are:

</doc>
<doc id="19032965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032965" title="Bocheniec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Bocheniec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Bocheniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032969" title="Henryków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Henryków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Henryków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Małogoszcz, north-west of Jędrzejów, and west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032973" title="Bobrówka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Bobrówka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Bobrówka (, "Bobrivka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Laszki, east of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032976" title="Karsznice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Karsznice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Karsznice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032977" title="Bukowina, Jarosław County">
Bukowina, Jarosław County

Bukowina (, "Bukovyna") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Laszki, east of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032978" title="Horacio Gallardo">
Horacio Gallardo

Horacio Gallardo Burgos (born May 29, 1981) is a Bolivian professional road bicycle racer. He represented Bolivia in 2008 Olympic Games

</doc>
<doc id="19032982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032982" title="Charytany">
Charytany

Charytany (, "Kharytony") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Laszki, east of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032983" title="Kozłów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Kozłów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Kozłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Małogoszcz, north-west of Jędrzejów, and west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032987" title="Lasochów">
Lasochów

Lasochów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Małogoszcz, north-west of Jędrzejów, and west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032988" title="Czerniawka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Czerniawka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Czerniawka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Laszki, east of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032991" title="Leśnica, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Leśnica, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Leśnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032994" title="Korzenica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Korzenica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Korzenica (, "Korenytsia") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Laszki, east of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.

</doc>
<doc id="19032995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032995" title="Desmundo">
Desmundo

Desmundo is a 2002 Brazilian film by Alain Fresnot, based on a novel by Ana Miranda. The film is set in Brazil in 1570.

</doc>
<doc id="19032996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032996" title="Lipnica, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Lipnica, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Lipnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 315.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19032999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032999" title="Meet the Browns (TV series)">
Meet the Browns (TV series)

"Tyler Perry's Meet the Browns" is an American sitcom created and produced by playwright, director, and producer Tyler Perry. The show revolves around a senior family living under one roof in Decatur, Georgia led by patriarch Mr. Brown and his daughter Cora Simmons. The show premiered on Wednesday, January 7, 2009 and finished its run on November 18, 2011 on TBS. It is made in the model of his play and film of the same name. The show stars David Mann and Tamela Mann, who starred in the earlier stage play and motion picture.
Production history.
As Season 2 began, Brianne Gould, who played Brianna, was removed from the series for undisclosed reasons. She was replaced by Logan Browning.
In the series, Eddie Walker, one of Will's former friends, who was close to molesting Joaquin, became the first on-screen character to die. He suffered stab wounds and the surgery done to try to save his life was performed by Will himself. Also, in season 4, Brianna's friend Antonio, is killed in a car crash involving texting while driving.
David Mann is the only cast member who appears in every episode.
Mabel "Madea" Simmons, a recurring character in many of Tyler Perry's works, is an unseen character in this series though mentioned many times. Throughout the show's five seasons, she never made an on-camera appearance.
Other unseen characters include Brown's brother and sister-in-law, LB and Sarah. Both appeared in the stageplay and film adaptation of "Meet the Browns" but they've never graced the series. However, LB was mentioned once in the backdoor pilot episode which aired as an episode of "House of Payne".
In November 2011, TBS suddenly announced that the series finale would be airing since it was cancelled. The final two episodes aired on November 18, 2011, concluding the series with 140 episodes in total.
Cast and characters.
Main characters.
The show revolves around the misadventures of the multi-generational Brown family. They live in suburban Atlanta, Georgia. All main cast members are credited only for the episodes in which they appear.
DVD releases.
Lionsgate Home Entertainment has released all seven seasons on DVD in Region 1.
Setting.
Locations seen in the show set in Atlanta, Georgia include Brown Meadows and the school where Cora and Mr. Brown work. The Brown Meadows Home is a two-story building, and throughout the series 5 rooms have been featured: the kitchen, the living room, the dining room, Brianna's room, and Mr. Brown's room. The outside patio is also on display. Will and Sasha's, Joaquin's, Cora's, and residents' rooms have never been seen. Season 3 takes us into the hospital where Will, Sasha, Renee, and Mr. Brown work. Season 4 shows The Colonel and Edna's home.
Ratings.
When the series premiered on January 7, 2009, it received a viewership of 4,027,000 viewers based on Nielsen ratings. In March 2010, "Meet the Browns" became TBS's #1 sitcom having a viewership of 2.3 million and among adults 18–49 having 1.2 million. In October 2010, the show continued to be TBS's #1 and #2 sitcom telecasts with an audience of 1.2 to 1.4 million among adults 18–49.
Syndication.
"Meet the Browns" began airing in off-network syndication in September 2010 on stations covering more than 70% of the U.S., with major station groups carrying the program including Fox Television Stations, Tribune Broadcasting, Weigel Broadcasting, CBS Television Stations, Capitol Broadcasting Company, Cox Media Group, Meredith Corporation, Granite Broadcasting, and Belo. Reruns are primarily aired on affiliates of MyNetworkTV and The CW (the latter network's CW Plus service also carries the program as part of its national schedule).

</doc>
<doc id="19033002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033002" title="Ludwinów, Gmina Małogoszcz">
Ludwinów, Gmina Małogoszcz

Ludwinów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033003" title="Laszki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Laszki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Laszki (, "Liashky") is a village in Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Laszki. It lies approximately east of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,827.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033006" title="Miękisz Nowy">
Miękisz Nowy

Miękisz Nowy (, "Myakysh Novyi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Laszki, east of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 680.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033007" title="Mieronice, Gmina Małogoszcz">
Mieronice, Gmina Małogoszcz

Mieronice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 620. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033008" title="Miękisz Stary">
Miękisz Stary

Miękisz Stary (, "Myakysh Staryi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Laszki, east of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033010" title="TFF Third League Group 2 2008–09">
TFF Third League Group 2 2008–09

The TFF Third League or TFF 3. Lig is the fourth level in the Turkish football league system. The league contains 50 clubs spread out over 4 groups with 10 clubs in Stage 1 ("Ranking Groups"). The top two clubs from each group qualify to the "Promotion Group" of Stage 2.<br>The rest of the clubs stay in their groups which are called "Classifying Groups" and carry over their records from Stage 1.
The tables and the results of the teams playing in TFF 3. Lig Group 2 of "Ranking Groups" in 2008–09 season are as follows:
Standings.
Pos. = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Won; D = Drawn; L = Lost; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; GD = Goal Difference; Pts = Points
P.S. According to league regulations, if two or more teams are on equal points after the end of the season,higher number of points obtained in the matches played among the teams in question will be used to separate teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19033011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033011" title="Tuchla">
Tuchla

Tuchla (, "Tukhlia") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Laszki, east of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033012" title="Tuchla-Osada">
Tuchla-Osada

Tuchla-Osada is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033013" title="Wietlin">
Wietlin

Wietlin (, "Vetlyn") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Laszki, east of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033015" title="Mniszek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Mniszek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Mniszek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033016" title="Wietlin Pierwszy">
Wietlin Pierwszy

Wietlin Pierwszy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Laszki, east of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033017" title="Rembieszyce">
Rembieszyce

Rembieszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033020" title="Wietlin Trzeci">
Wietlin Trzeci

Wietlin Trzeci is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Laszki, east of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033025" title="Wiśnicz">
Wiśnicz

Wiśnicz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Małogoszcz, north-west of Jędrzejów, and west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033026" title="Wietlin-Osada">
Wietlin-Osada

Wietlin-Osada is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033029" title="Wola Tesserowa">
Wola Tesserowa

Wola Tesserowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033031" title="Wysocko, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Wysocko, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Wysocko (, "Vysots’ko") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Laszki, east of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 569.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033033" title="Wrzosówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Wrzosówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Wrzosówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033036" title="Wygnanów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Wygnanów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Wygnanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033039" title="Zakrucze">
Zakrucze

Zakrucze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 340.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033045" title="Żarczyce Duże">
Żarczyce Duże

Żarczyce Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 540.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033047" title="Żarczyce Małe">
Żarczyce Małe

Żarczyce Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 440.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033050" title="Cieszacin Mały">
Cieszacin Mały

Cieszacin Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłosiów, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Pawłosiów, west of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033053" title="Cieszacin Wielki">
Cieszacin Wielki

Cieszacin Wielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłosiów, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Pawłosiów, south-west of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033055" title="Złotniki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Złotniki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Złotniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Małogoszcz, north of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 850.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033056" title="Kidałowice">
Kidałowice

Kidałowice (, "Kydalovychi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłosiów, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Pawłosiów, south of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033064" title="Maleniska, Jarosław County">
Maleniska, Jarosław County

Maleniska (, "Malenys’ka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłosiów, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Pawłosiów, south-west of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033067" title="Ożańsk">
Ożańsk

Ożańsk (, "Ozhans’ko") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłosiów, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Pawłosiów, west of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033068" title="Pawłosiów">
Pawłosiów

Pawłosiów (, "Pavlosiv") is a village in Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Pawłosiów. It lies approximately south-west of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,800.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033073" title="Oxford Green Belt Way">
Oxford Green Belt Way

The Oxford Green Belt Way is a long distance path in Oxfordshire, England. It follows a circular route of through the green belt surrounding the city of Oxford.
In the east the path follows the East Oxford Limestone Heights, passing Shotover, Horspath and Garsington. It then passes through the park of Nuneham House and to the north of Culham, to reach the River Thames at Abingdon. It uses the Thames Path to reach Radley, then heads in a northwesterly direction to Boars Hill and Cumnor. It reaches the Thames again by Farmoor Reservoir and Swinford, then heads east to Godstow and Wolvercote on the northern edge of Oxford. It uses the Oxford Canal Walk for 4 miles north to Shipton-on-Cherwell, then heads south east across the water meadows of the River Cherwell to Hampton Poyle and Gosford. The path then crosses the corallian limestone hills of Elsfield and Beckley to return to Shotover.
The route was devised in 2007 by the Council for the Preservation of Rural England.

</doc>
<doc id="19033076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033076" title="Szczytna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Szczytna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Szczytna (, "Shchytna") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłosiów, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Pawłosiów, west of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 310.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033077" title="Culex pipiens">
Culex pipiens

Culex pipiens (the common house mosquito) is a species of blood-feeding mosquito of the family Culicidae. It is a vector of some diseases, such as Japanese encephalitis, meningitis, and urticaria. In the US, it can spread West Nile virus.
Distribution.
It occurs in the following countries: Argentina, Austria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Egypt, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iran, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Jordan, Korea (South), Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Morocco, Pakistan, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Tajikistan, Tunisia, Turkey, the United Kingdom, Serbia, the United States, Uruguay,the Netherlands and Montenegro.
Description.
Body length varies from three to seven millimeters.
Ecology.
Females feed on blood of birds or humans, and males feed on pollen, nectar, and the juice of plants.
Subspecies.
"Culex pipiens molestus" lives in the London Underground and other underground railways. The more common "Culex pipiens" subspecies observed above ground is sometimes referred to as "Culex pipiens pipiens".

</doc>
<doc id="19033078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033078" title="Tywonia">
Tywonia

Tywonia (, "Tyvonia") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłosiów, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Pawłosiów, north-west of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033082" title="Brynica Mokra">
Brynica Mokra

Brynica Mokra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nagłowice, west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033085" title="Caców">
Caców

Caców is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Nagłowice, north-west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033087" title="Widna Góra, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Widna Góra, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Widna Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłosiów, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Pawłosiów, south of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033088" title="Aedes vexans">
Aedes vexans

Aedes vexans is a cosmopolitan and common pest mosquito. It is a known vector of "Dirofilaria immitis" (dog heartworm); "Myxomatosis" (deadly rabbit virus disease); and tahyna-virus, a seldom-diagnosed "Bunyaviridae", a disease which affects humans in Europe with fever which disappears after two days, but afterward can cause "Encephalitis" or "Meningitis". "Aedes vexans" is the most common mosquito in Europe, often composing more than 80% the European mosquito community. Its abundance depends upon availability of floodwater pools. In summer, mosquito traps can collect up to 8,000 mosquitoes per trap per night.

</doc>
<doc id="19033089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033089" title="Ransom Cook">
Ransom Cook

Ransom Cook (1794 – 1881) was an inventor who lived much of his life in Saratoga Springs, New York.
One of nine children of furniture maker Joseph Cook and Mary Ann Tolman, he was born in Wallingford, Connecticut in 1794. His family moved to the village of East Line (now Malta, New York) around 1802, where his father opened a furniture shop.
In 1813, Cook set up a shop of his own in Saratoga Springs. Five years later he married Rachael Ayers, whom he remained with for the rest of his life. Soon after his marriage, Cook built a new furniture shop on Congress Street and enjoyed a successful business.
In 1836 Thomas Davenport of Vermont joined with Cook, and the two developed a new electro-magnetic motor that was many years ahead of its time. In 1837 the pair received the first US patent for en electric motor.
In 1842, the New York State government solicited Cook to build a new type of prison that utilized prisoners for labor. Cook recommended that a new prison be located at Dannemora, Clinton County, New York near an iron mine (known as the Clinton Correctional Facility). Cook supervised the entire construction, and created prisoner rules which were considered highly humane and liberal, as opposed to the harsh conditions found in most other prisons.
Once his commission was complete, Cook returned home to Saratoga and resume his business. Over the next few decades, he patented a multitude of inventions, including a wrought-iron cannon, improved railroad car ventilation, improved scissors, and a new lunchbox. However, his most famous invention was the Cook Auger, sometimes referred to as the Beetle Bit, as it was inspired by examining the jaws of an insect under a microscope. This auger was almost immediately adopted around the world soon after its patent in 1851 and remains the standard today. He is also sometimes credited with the invention of stenciling.
Ransom Cook died in May 1881 at the age of 87. He is buried in the Greenridge Cemetery under a stone pedestal of his own design. He is considered one of Saratoga Springs' most distinguished citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19033091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033091" title="Chycza-Brzóstki">
Chycza-Brzóstki

Chycza-Brzóstki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Nagłowice, west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033095" title="Wierzbna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Wierzbna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Wierzbna (, "Verbna") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłosiów, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Pawłosiów, west of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033096" title="Cierno-Żabieniec">
Cierno-Żabieniec

Cierno-Żabieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Nagłowice, north-west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033099" title="Deszno, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Deszno, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Deszno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Nagłowice, west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033101" title="Jaronowice">
Jaronowice

Jaronowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nagłowice, west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033107" title="Kuźnice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Kuźnice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Kuźnice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Nagłowice, west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033109" title="Rakoszyn">
Rakoszyn

Rakoszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nagłowice, west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 380.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033113" title="Hawłowice">
Hawłowice

Hawłowice (, "Havlovychi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruchnik, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Pruchnik, south-west of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033114" title="Rejowiec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Rejowiec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Rejowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nagłowice, north-west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033115" title="Ślęcin">
Ślęcin

Ślęcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nagłowice, west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 420.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033118" title="Trzciniec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Trzciniec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Trzciniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Nagłowice, west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033120" title="Jodłówka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Jodłówka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Jodłówka (, "Yodlivka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruchnik, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Pruchnik, south-west of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,822.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033121" title="Warzyn Drugi">
Warzyn Drugi

Warzyn Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nagłowice, west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033123" title="Kramarzówka">
Kramarzówka

Kramarzówka (, "Kramarivka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruchnik, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Pruchnik, south-west of Jarosław, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033125" title="Warzyn Pierwszy">
Warzyn Pierwszy

Warzyn Pierwszy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nagłowice, west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033126" title="Pruchnik">
Pruchnik

Pruchnik () is a town in Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Pruchnik. It lies approximately south-west of Jarosław and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The town has a population of 3,519. Pruchnik gained town rights around 1370; the status of town was lost in 1934, but restored as of 1 January 2011.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033128" title="Rozbórz Długi">
Rozbórz Długi

Rozbórz Długi (, "Rozbir Dovhyi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruchnik, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Pruchnik, south-west of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033130" title="Zagórze, Jędrzejów County">
Zagórze, Jędrzejów County

Zagórze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nagłowice, west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033132" title="Rozbórz Okrągły">
Rozbórz Okrągły

Rozbórz Okrągły (, "Rozbir Okruhlyi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruchnik, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Pruchnik, south-west of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033133" title="Zdanowice">
Zdanowice

Zdanowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Nagłowice, north-west of Jędrzejów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033138" title="Rzeplin, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Rzeplin, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Rzeplin (, "Riplyn") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruchnik, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Pruchnik, south-west of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033140" title="Świebodna">
Świebodna

Świebodna (, "Slobidna") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruchnik, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Pruchnik, south-west of Jarosław, and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033154" title="Błogoszów">
Błogoszów

Błogoszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oksa, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Oksa, north-west of Jędrzejów, and west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 430.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19033158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19033158" title="Lipno, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Lipno, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Lipno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oksa, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Oksa, north-west of Jędrzejów, and west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
