<doc id="18996838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996838" title="Max Kelly">
Max Kelly

Gregory Maxwell "Max" Kelly (1930–2007), mathematician, founded the thriving Australian school of category theory. 
A native of Australia, Kelly obtained his Ph.D. at Cambridge University in homological algebra in 1957, publishing his first paper in that area in 1959, "Single-space axioms for homology theory". He taught in the Pure Mathematics department at Sydney University from 1957 to 1966, rising from lecturer to reader. During 1963–1965 he was a visiting fellow at Tulane University and the University of Illinois, where with Samuel Eilenberg he formalized and developed the notion of an enriched category based on intuitions then in the air about making the homsets of a category just as abstract as the objects themselves. 
He subsequently developed the notion in considerably more detail in his 1981 monograph "Basic Concepts of Enriched Category Theory". Let "V" be a monoidal category, and denote by "V"-Cat the category of "V"-enriched categories. Among other things, Kelly showed that "V"-Cat has all weighted limits and colimits even when "V" does not have all ordinary limits and colimits. He also developed the enriched counterparts of Kan extensions, density of the Yoneda embedding, and essentially algebraic theories. The explicitly foundational role of the category Set in his treatment is noteworthy in view of the folk intuition that enriched categories liberate category theory from the last vestiges of Set as the codomain of the ordinary external hom-functor.
In 1967 Kelly was appointed Professor of Pure Mathematics at the University of New South Wales. In 1972 he was elected a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science. He returned to the University of Sydney in 1973, serving as Professor of Mathematics until his retirement in 1994. In 2001 he was awarded the Australian government's Centenary Medal. He continued to participate in the department as Professorial Fellow and Professor Emeritus until his death at age 76 on 26 January 2007.
Kelly worked on many other aspects of category theory besides enriched categories, both individually and in a number of fruitful collaborations. His Ph.D. student Ross Street is himself a noted category theorist and early contributor to the Australian category theory school.

</doc>
<doc id="18996840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996840" title="Lourdes Cecilia Fernández">
Lourdes Cecilia Fernández

Lourdes Cecilia Fernández (; born 2 April 1981) is an Argentine singer-songwriter, composer and actress. She is the best known as a member of Argentine girl group Bandana and as a frontman of Lourdes, a band that carries her name. Her vocal abilities are compared with Laura Pausini and Christina Aguilera.
Career.
Bandana (2001—2004).
As a student, Fernández was a member of two bands, Terikitungo and Seres Humanos. She was a student of Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires. As a player of piano and electronic keyboards, Fernández became composing music on a computer program, which helped her to create more modern sound. In 2001, she went on an audition for talents show "Popstars", which selected five girls for a girl group — Ivonne Guzmán, Valeria Gastaldi, Virginia Da Cunha, Lissa Vera and Fernández. As their emergence coincided with a period of nationwide economic depression, one of the series judges commented "this was an opportunity to shine at a very downbeat moment for Argentina". During the "Popstars", Fernández was known as "la peti" ("shorty"), which was commented by judge Afo Verde that "appearance didn't matter to us, what each girl conveyed was most important". The band was named Bandana.
Bandana's first album, "Bandana", was the best-selling album of Argentina in 2001 and achieved four platinum certifications. Later in 2002, they recorded a Spanish version of "Can't Help Falling in Love" by Elvis Presley, "Muero De Amor Por Tí", for the Disney film "Lilo & Stitch". In December, Bandana performed with Mambrú at the Vélez Sarsfield stadium in front of over 40 thousands spectators. In 2003, Bandana became the first Argentine artist to cover "Billboard" magazine, while promoting themselves in the United States. After a film "Vivir Intentando" in 2003, which received mixed reviews, and 2004 album "Hasta Siempre", Bandana disbanded. They reunited in 2008 for an episode of the show of Susana Giménez.
Lourdes (2004—present).
Shortly after Bandana disbanded, Fernández formed her own band Lourdes with Hernán "Pájaro" Ripoll, who plays bass guitar and synthesizer, and Federico Casañas, who plays drums. In 2004, they signed with EMI and released album "Televisivamente". Unlike pop and dance pop music Bandana played, Lourdes focused on electropop, reggae and ska. Lourdes' debut single "Televisivamente" picked at number four at Argentine Singles Chart, but the other two did not enter the chart. Their second album, "De otro mundo", picked at number one at Argentine Albums Chart, while its singles "De otro mundo" and "Yo te hacía bien" were number one singles. Lourdes will release her third album in 2010 through Sony BMG.

</doc>
<doc id="18996848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996848" title="Ron Fournier">
Ron Fournier

Ron Fournier (born 1963) is an American national political journalist currently of the National Journal. Fournier had previously served as Washington bureau chief at the Associated Press (AP) until leaving in In June 2010.
Background.
Fournier is a native of Detroit, Michigan. He attended the University of Detroit. His wife, Lori, is also a graduate of the University of Detroit. They have three children, who they have raised in Arlington County, Virginia.
Career.
Fournier began his journalism career in 1985 at "The Sentinel-Record" in Hot Springs, Arkansas. Two years later, he moved to the "Arkansas Democrat" in Little Rock, Arkansas. He stayed there for another two years before joining the Little Rock bureau of the AP in 1989. While there, he covered Bill Clinton during his final term as Governor. When Clinton was elected President, Fournier moved to the AP's Washington bureau.
Fournier first left the AP in 2004 to take a Harvard Institute of Politics fellowship. During this period, he also co-wrote the book "Applebee's America" with Matthew Dowd, a Republican strategist, and Doug Sosnik, a Democratic strategist. In 2006, he took a position as editor-in-chief of a new Internet website called Hotsoup.com, which aimed to foster discussion on a number of topics including politics. The site failed to catch on, however, and Fournier returned to the AP in March 2007 as its Online Political Editor, after considering “a senior advisory role” with Republican Senator John McCain's presidential campaign.
In May 2008, Fournier was named the acting Washington bureau chief, replacing his "mentor" Sandy Johnson. Since taking over the position, Fournier has led a dramatic shift in the AP's policy, moving it away from the neutral and objective tone it had become known for and toward a more opinionated style that would make judgments when conflicting opinions were presented in a story.
Fournier has won the Society of Professional Journalists' 2000 Sigma Delta Chi Award for coverage of the United States presidential election, 2000. He is also a three-time winner of the White House Correspondents' Association Merriman Smith award.
Controversy.
In July 2008, while investigators for the House Oversight Committee were looking into the death of Pat Tillman, they uncovered a 2004 email from Fournier to Karl Rove encouraging him to "keep up the fight."
On August 23, 2008, following U.S. Senator and presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama's announcement of his selection of Senator Joe Biden as a running mate, Fournier wrote a widely circulated piece titled "Analysis: Biden pick shows lack of confidence". A "Washington Monthly" columnist described the piece as "mirrorthe Republican line with minimal variation". "Editor & Publisher" noted that Fournier's article "gained wide linkage at the Drudge Report, Hot Air and numerous other conservative sites..." and was targeted by MoveOn.org for alleged bias, a criticism also alleged by liberal media watchdog group Media Matters for America.
In February 2013, Fournier wrote a column about breaking ties with a White House official after a pattern of "vulgarity, abusive language" and "veiled threat(s)", but did not identify the official due to his policy of granting blanket automatic anonymity to all his sources. Fournier received some criticism from commentator Glenn Greenwald for behaving in a "petulant" manner and for his policy on anonymity for sources.

</doc>
<doc id="18996856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996856" title="Danelectro Dano Pro">
Danelectro Dano Pro

The Danelectro Dano Pro is an electric guitar made by Danelectro in 1963 and 1964, reissued in 2007 and again in 2012. The original was a 3/4 scale guitar with a single lipstick tube pickup, made by putting the pickup in surplus lipstick tubes purchased from a cosmetics supplier. The reissue features two lipstick pickups compared to the original. The pickups are wired in series rather than in parallel as is common with most electric guitars. Because of this, the guitar is louder when the toggle is set to both the neck and bridge pickups rather than when only one pickup is selected. The guitar body is hollow, made of masonite and plywood with a maple neck and rosewood fingerboard. The body's vaguely trapezoidal shape has led to it being described as a bowtie or Flintstone guitar. The original had a short scale neck with a non-adjustable bridge. The reissue has a fully adjustable bridge and a full scale neck of 19 frets with the neck connecting to the body at the 14th fret. Because of this, playing the higher frets is nearly impossible. Its light tone and slight twang makes it very suitable for playing jangle pop, surf, country and blues.
Reception.
Guitarist Magazine said of the 2007 reissue "if it's Jack White or Jon Spencer dirty fuzzbox blues you are after, it's here in spades, alongside with Beatles-in-Hamburg rock 'n' raunch, garage punk venom and 1980s indie jangle." 

</doc>
<doc id="18996875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996875" title="Danton Township, Richland County, North Dakota">
Danton Township, Richland County, North Dakota

Danton Township is a township in Richland County, North Dakota. It is home to half the town of Wyndmere, with parts of the town residing in Wyndmere Township. It is also home to the former town of Moselle.
In 1883, a called Garfield consisted of two townships, Danton and Barney. On April 28, 1893, Danton Township was organized and officially named Danton, although the homesteaders called it Danton perhaps ten years before. School houses were built in the late eighties. Now for a bit of history as it was told to me by the Becker brothers. They had legal papers and church notes with dates.
References.
http://www.rootsweb.ancestry.com/~ndrichla/danthist.htm

</doc>
<doc id="18996892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996892" title="2004–05 Tamworth F.C. season">
2004–05 Tamworth F.C. season

The 2004–05 season was Tamworth F.C.'s second season in the Conference Premier at the fifth tier of English football, the highest tier ever achieved by the club.
Events.
Pre-season.
Mark Cooper made his first signings as manager of the club taking over from Darron Gee as former Birmingham City midfielder Chad Sheppard and utility player Dave Bampton from Swindon Town. Norman Sylla, Nicholas Smith and defender Karl Johnson all signed new deals to stay at the club. Former Aston Villa player Peter Hynes signed for the club following his release. Lee Colkin and Mark Turner also signed. Marcus Ebdon stayed with the club as his possible move to Conference rivals Dagenham & Redbridge fell through. Former Lincoln City striker Rory May following his release from The Imps at the end of last season. Barnet defender Matt Redmile joined the club after impressing in a trial. Defender Lee Ayres joined Notts County on a week trial.
August.
Lee Ayres joins rivals Burton Albion for an undisclosed fee. Tristram Whitman joins the club following his release from Scarborough. Former Kidderminster Harriers defender Scott Stamps and Forest Green Rovers' Mark Shaw both put pen to paper following successful trials. Neil Ross joins the club on a month loan from Macclesfield Town.
September.
West Bromwich Albion legend Bob Taylor joins the club following his release from Cheltenham Town in the summer. Jason Blunt is released and later joins Halifax Town. Following the return of Neil Ross to Macclesfield, The Lambs brought in Notts County's Shaun Harrad on a month long loan deal.
October.
Bristol City's Sekani Simpson joined the club on a months loan. Aaron Brown joined his former club Stafford Rangers on loan to gain more experience.
November.
Birmingham City Reserves striker Dean Curtis joined the club on a month long loan deal. Striker Marvin Brown joined Irish Premier League side Cliftonville on a short-term trial following his release from the club.
January.
Goalkeeper Chris Neal joined The Lambs on loan from Preston North End. Mark Rawle joined the club on a month loan from Oxford United.
February.
Notts County midfielder Eddie McIntyre joined on loan for one month. Leigh RMI striker Karl Rose joined the club. Ricky Millard comes to the clubs rescue to cover injured Ryan Price from Barnet on a month loan. Louie Soares joins on a month long loan deal from Reading.

</doc>
<doc id="18996915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996915" title="Soleyman II">
Soleyman II

Soleyman II, was the ruler of Persia from 1749 until 1750. His real name was Mir Sayyed Mohammad Marashi and he was in charge of Holy Shrines in Qom and Mashhad. His mother was the daughter of Safavid shah Suleiman I, and so in 1750 he was enthroned by Alam Khan Arab Khozaima and some Kurdish and Jalayirid chiefs thus taking the throne name of Soleyman II.
Shahrokh was blinded but was restored to the throne after only a few months, as Soleyman II was removed and blinded.

</doc>
<doc id="18996929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996929" title="Harikambhoji">
Harikambhoji

Harikambhoji (pronounced harikāmbhōji) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 28th "Melakarta" rāgam (parent scale) in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system.
One of the first scales employed by the ancient Tamils(3BCE) was the "Mullaipann", a pentatonic scale composed of the notes "sa ri ga pa da", equivalent to C, D, E, G and A in the western notations. These fully harmonic scales, constitutes the raga Mohanam in the Carnatic music style. "Mullaipann" further evolved into "Sempaalai", a scale based on seven notes by the addition of two more notes, "ma" and "ni" to the pentatonic scale. "Sempaalai pann" corresponds to the Carnatic raga Harikambhoji.
"Khamaj thaat" of Hindustani Music is the equivalent to this rāgam. It is known as Harikedāragowla in the Muthuswami Dikshitar school of music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 4th rāgam in the 5th "chakra Bana". The mnemonic name is "Bana-Bhu". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ri ga ma pa dha ni sa". Its structure is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
It is a "sampoorna" rāgam – rāgam having all 7 "swarams". It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Vachaspati", which is the 64th "melakarta".
"Janya" rāgams.
"Harikambhoji" has a lot of "janya" rāgams (derived rāgams) associated with it, of which "Kambhoji" is by far the most famous and frequently sung in concerts. The globally famous pentatonic scale "Mohanam" is also considered a "janya" of this rāgam. "Andolika" (also considered as "janya" of Kharaharapriya), "Bahudari", "Kamas", "Kedaragaula", "Natakurinji", "Navarasa kannada", "Sahana", "Senchuruti", "Suruti" and "Yadukula kambhoji" are also very popular janyas.
See List of "janya" rāgams for a full list of "Harikambhoji's janya" rāgams.
Popular compositions.
Among the Trinity of Carnatic music only Thyagaraja has composed songs in "Harikambhoji". "Ramanannu brovara", "Entara neethana" and "Dinamani vamsa" are very popular songs composed by "Thyagaraja" in this rāgam. "Enadu manam kavalai", a composition by Papanasam Sivan, is also popular.
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Harikambhoji's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 5 other major "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Kalyani", "Sankarabharanam", "Natabhairavi", "Kharaharapriya" and "Hanumatodi". For further details and an illustration refer related rāgams section in "Shankarabharanam" page.

</doc>
<doc id="18996942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996942" title="Martyn Woolford">
Martyn Woolford

Martyn Paul Woolford (born 13 October 1985) is an English footballer who plays for Millwall as a winger.
Woolford started his career with Glasshoughton Welfare after progressing through their youth system. After three seasons at Glasshoughton, he moved to the Northern Premier League with Frickley Athletic and scored 14 goals during the 2005–06 season. Despite attracting interest from several Football League clubs, he joined York City in the Conference National in 2006. He spent two seasons with the club, being joint top scorer with 17 goals in the second season, before making a move to the League with Scunthorpe United. Here, he featured in the 2009 Football League Trophy Final and scored the winning goal in the 2009 Football League One play-off Final against Millwall. He departed Scunthorpe in 2011 after signing for Bristol City and then signed for Millwall in 2013.
He played for the England C team, who represent England at non-League level, in 2008, earning two caps. He made his debut against Grenada and earned his second and final cap against Barbados.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Castleford, West Yorkshire, Woolford started his career with Northern Counties East Football League Premier Division team Glasshoughton Welfare in 2002 after progressing through their youth system. Following the end of the 2002–03 season he was given the award for the club's Most Improved Player and eary in the 2003–04 season he established himself as an "emerging talent". He played one game for the youth team of Doncaster Rovers in April 2005, but was not taken on by the club, and was also rejected by Barnsley and Bradford City. After three seasons at Glasshoughton, he joined Northern Premier League Premier Division side Frickley Athletic in August 2005, having impressed during several pre-season matches. He was awarded an FA contract running to the end of the 2005–06 season in October, with the option of another year. He made 40 league appearances and scored 12 goals for Frickley in the 2005–06 season, with 14 goals in all competitions, after which the club exercised their option to extend his contract for another season.
York City.
He had a trial with Stockport County of League Two during their pre-season trip to Ibiza in August 2006, but was not offered a contract. He was being tracked by Hartlepool United and York City, and also attracted interest from Guiseley. He eventually signed for Conference National side York on 31 August for an undisclosed five-figure fee after having made four appearances and scored one goal for Frickley at that point in the 2006–07 season. He made his debut a day later in a 0–0 draw with Stafford Rangers after coming on as a 57th minute substitute. During his first start for the team, he was substituted for goalkeeper Arran Reid in the 17th minute after Tom Evans was sent off. He scored his first goal for York in the team's 3–2 home loss to Morecambe on 12 September. A week later, he scored both York's goals in a 2–1 away victory over Woking. He featured in both legs of York's play-off semi-final defeat to Morecambe 2–1 on aggregate and finished the 2006–07 season with 45 appearances and eight goals, after which the club exercised their option to extend his contract for another season.
He signed a new contract with York in October 2007, which would expire in the summer of 2009. He played in a more central position behind the strikers during the 2007–08 season. He scored two goals in two minutes against Altrincham on 19 January 2008, which earned York a 2–2 draw, during which he played as a striker. Manager Colin Walker confirmed that several enquiries had been made about signing Woolford during the January transfer window. Woolford was set a 20 goal target by Walker in April 2008, at which point he had scored 16 goals. He was watched by Crewe Alexandra's director of football Dario Gradi in April 2008, after which Walker insisted he was still a part of York's plans for the next season. He finished the 2007–08 season with 57 appearances and 17 goals. He rejected speculation linking him with a move away from York in June, saying he would only move to a club two divisions higher.
Scunthorpe United.
Woolford rejected a new contract with York during the summer of 2008, with Cheltenham Town and another club believed to be interested in signing him. He eventually joined League One side Scunthorpe United for an undisclosed fee on a three-year contract on 8 August 2008, with the fee believed to be a six-figure fee with a sell-on clause. He made his Football League debut as an 87th minute substitute in a 1–0 victory against Peterborough United on 23 August 2008. He came on as a 77th minute substitute for Scunthorpe in the 2009 Football League Trophy Final on 5 April 2009, which was lost 3–2 to League Two team Luton Town after extra time. This resulted in promotion to the Championship for Scunthorpe and he was named man of the match.
His first appearance of the 2009–10 season was in a 4–0 defeat at Cardiff City on 8 August 2009. He made his debut in a 4–0 victory at Preston North End on 5 February 2011,
Millwall.
Woolford signed a two-and-a-half-year deal with Championship club Millwall on 9 January 2013. He made his debut after starting in a 1–1 draw away to Bolton Wanderers on 12 January 2013. He was called into the squad in May for two games in the Caribbean after an injury to Dean Moxey. His debut came in a 1–1 with Grenada on 31 May and was described as a "constant threat down the left", and made his second appearance as a 67th minute substitute against Barbados on 2 June.
Style of play.
Woolford plays as a left winger, where he has been described as being "fleetfooted". He is versatile and has also played as a wing-back, left midfielder and a striker and has also been used in a more "roaming, attacking role" to offer support to a lone striker.
Personal life.
He was studying for a degree in civil engineering at Leeds Metropolitan University while playing for Frickley and a degree in surveying in 2006. While at university, he worked on a building site. He achieved a Higher National Diploma in civil engineering and has said he is looking to complete this degree before the end of his football career. He comes from a family of professional sportsmen; father Neil and grandfather Cyril were both rugby league players with Featherstone Rovers. He has cited his father's encouragement as the main influence in his footballing career. He is a supporter of Manchester United.
Honours.
Scunthorpe United

</doc>
<doc id="18996953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996953" title="Gooding High School">
Gooding High School

Gooding High School is a public high school located in Gooding, Idaho, United States. It is the main high school operated by the Gooding School District.
Athletics.
Gooding High School is classified as a 2A school (enrollment between 160 and 319) by the Idaho High School Activities Association. It currently competes in the Canyon Conference against Declo, Glenns Ferry, Valley, and Wendell High Schools. 
The Senator is Gooding High School's mascot, a reference to the town's namesake, Frank R. Gooding, and his service as a United States Senator from Idaho in the early 20th Century. School colors are red, black and white.

</doc>
<doc id="18996963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996963" title="Jim Saul">
Jim Saul

James Allen Saul (born November 24, 1939, at Bristol, Virginia) is a retired American catcher, manager and coach in minor league baseball. The season marked Saul's 50th season in professional baseball, all but three of them at the minor-league level. In Major League Baseball, Saul coached for three seasons, with the Chicago Cubs (1975–1976) and Oakland Athletics ().
Jim Saul attended East Tennessee State University. As a player, he threw right-handed, batted left-handed, stood 6'3" (190.5 cm) tall and weighed 210 pounds (95 kg). His catching career consisted of 14 seasons (1959–1972) in the farm systems of the St. Louis Cardinals, Cincinnati Reds, Cubs, Cleveland Indians and California Angels. He was a journeyman who played for 19 different clubs over that span.
He began his managing career in the Angels' organization in , as skipper of the Salinas Packers of the Class A California League. Through , he managed for 22 seasons in the Angels, Cubs, New York Yankees and Atlanta Braves organizations, including five seasons at the Double-A level. Saul's teams won 1,014 games and lost 1,090 (.482).
Saul began coaching for Rookie-level farm teams in 2005. From 2007–2009, he was a coach for the Bluefield Orioles, then Baltimore's affiliate in the Appalachian League.

</doc>
<doc id="18996979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996979" title="Cefmatilen">
Cefmatilen

Cefmatilen (INN, codenamed S-1090) is an orally-active cephalosporin antibiotic. It was developed in Japan and first described in 1992.
"In vitro", cefmatilen is highly active against a variety of Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, including "Streptococcus pyogenes" and "Neisseria gonorrhoeae".

</doc>
<doc id="18996988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996988" title="Duncan Lake (British Columbia)">
Duncan Lake (British Columbia)

Duncan Lake is a man-made reservoir lake in the Kootenay region of British Columbia, Canada, formed by Duncan Dam and about 45 km in length. It is fed by the Duncan River, which forms part of the boundary between the Selkirk Mountains to the west and the Purcell Mountains to the east. Below Duncan Dam is the head of Kootenay Lake.
Prior to inundation there was a lake of shorter length at the same location, also named Duncan Lake but also known as Upper Kootenay Lake or Upper Kootenai Lake. The name comes from the Duncan River's namesake, John "Jack" Duncan, prospector, who ran for election but did not win the Kootenay District seat on the colonial Legislative Council of British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="18996993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996993" title="Extreme discography">
Extreme discography

The following is a discography of Extreme, a Boston-based hard rock/heavy metal band. Extreme has released five studio albums, two EPs (only in Japan), two compilations, and twelve singles. This list does not include material performed by members or former members of Extreme that was recorded with Van Halen, DramaGods, Tribe of Judah, Mourning Widows, Satellite Party, Hurtsmile and Super TransAtlantic.

</doc>
<doc id="18996997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18996997" title="Nobska (steamship)">
Nobska (steamship)

The Nobska was a steamship that plied the waters of Nantucket sound as part of The Woods Hole, Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket Steamship Authority's fleet between 1925 and 1973 as a ferry. She was eventually scrapped in 2006 despite efforts to save her. She was America's last coastal steamer, had been on the National Register of Historic Places, and had been considered one of America's 10 most endangered maritime resources by the National Maritime Alliance and National Trust for Historic Preservation.
Construction and service.
Built in 1925 at the Bath Iron Works in Maine, the "Nobska" was named after Nobska Point, Woods Hole, on Cape Cod in Massachusetts.
Two hundred and ten feet long, she had a four-cylinder triple-expansion steam engine and could make 14 knots. She ran many different routes for the Steamship Authority over her decades of service for southeastern Massachusetts, mainly for the Cape and Islands but also including New Bedford.
Although launched as the "Nobska", from 1928 to 1956 she was named the "Nantucket". Since she was renamed "Nobska" in 1956, two other Steamship Authority vessels have had that name: the later "Naushon", and the current "Nantucket" itself.
She was considered elegant and, at the time of her launch, modern, "the queen of the Sounds." In 2006 one reporter wrote that "She embodied style, grace and modern technology, and was an immediate hit with the Islanders she served," and that she was "beloved" by many during her years of service. In her later years she was "the grand lady of the ferry service."
One story often told from her service years was when, in February 1961, Nantucket island was iced in and no ferries were able to make the trip. The "Nobska", with its sharp bow, was sent to break through the ice and did so, although she was then iced in over the weekend. Other stories can be found at the NESF site.
End of service.
The "Nobska" ended her service in 1973, taking her last trip for the Steamship Authority on September 18 of that year, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
She was sold off in 1975, and was converted to a floating restaurant in Baltimore, which did not work out. 
The Nobska sat derelict for over a decade
Friends of the Nobska.
The Friends of the Nobska, organized in 1975 and later renamed the New England Steamship Foundation (NESF), was a non-profit group specifically created to save the "Nobska". However the NESF experienced fundraising problems, legal battles, a scandal involving fundraising, and bankruptcy.
Scrapping.
In 2006, the "Nobska" had sat for ten years in a dry dock at the historic Charlestown Navy Yard, but the slip was needed for work on other historical vessels such as the USS Constitution and the . The "Nobska" needed to be removed, intact or in pieces. The Friends of the Nobska were unable to raise the funds to finish the necessary work, and the "Nobska" was ordered scrapped by the National Park Service. She had been the last surviving American coastal steamer.
Whistle and engine survive.
Some of the ship had been removed for restoration, such as the massive engine and the ship's steam whistle. In 2006 the Steamship Authority, although they did not act to save their former treasure, installed the "Nobska's" whistle on their modern vessel the "Eagle" (built in 1987), although it is now air-powered instead of steam-powered, and put a recording of the whistle on their website for all to hear.

</doc>
<doc id="18997001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997001" title="Cheraman Perumal">
Cheraman Perumal

Cheraman Perumal (; ; ) is the royal title used by the rulers of the Chera dynasty in southern India.
Myths around Cheraman Perumal.
The sudden disappearance of the last Cheraman Perumal led to various myths created around his fate. Upon the termination of tenure of the last Cheraman perumal, he is believed to have been ventured to one of the following places:
But the lack of proof regarding his travel to any of these places made his disappearance a mystery.
There are however other tales that finalize the fate of Cheraman Perumal as:

</doc>
<doc id="18997014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997014" title="Timo Vuorensola">
Timo Vuorensola

Timo Vuorensola (born 29 November 1979) is a Finnish film director and actor. He has directed "Star Wreck" movies ', and ', created by Samuli Torssonen. Vuorensola plays Lieutenant Dwarf in the films, and directed the film "Iron Sky". He is also the lead vocalist and co-founder of dark industrial band Älymystö.

</doc>
<doc id="18997026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997026" title="Chika Chukwumerije">
Chika Chukwumerije

Chika Yagazie Chukwumerije (born December 30, 1983) is a male taekwondo practitioner from Nigeria. The son of Nigerian politician Uche Chukwumerije, Chika first drew attention in 2003 during the qualifiers for the 2003 All-Africa Games, where he eventually won a bronze medal in the Heavyweight Male category. He qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, but lost his first bout to Pascal Gentil, the eventual bronze medal winner. Nevertheless, after a period of intensive training that was funded by his father, he became one of Nigeria's best chances for a medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He won a gold medal at the 2007 All-Africa Games in the +80kg class and qualified for the 2008 Olympic Games soon after. Although he lost to eventual silver-medal winner Alexandros Nikolaidis in the semifinals of the +80kg event, he was entered into the repechage round of the tournament. Here, after defeating Akmal Irgashev of Uzbekistan he claimed a bronze medal in the event, Nigeria's third medal of the tournament. Four years later he competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, but did not make it past his first bout.
Early life.
Chukwumerije was born on December 30, 1983 in Nigeria. His father, Uche Chukwumerije, was a national senator and Information Minister of Nigeria. Chika had his primary education at St. Jude's Private School in Festac Town, Lagos and received his undergraduate degree in mechanical engineering from the Federal University of Technology Owerri (FUTO) in Nigeria in 2005. During this time he competed in taekwondo at three University Games held by the Nigerian University Games Association, winning bronze in 2000 and gold in 2002 and 2004. He first became a national champion in 2002 and held the title through 2011, undefeated in nine years.
International career.
Chukwumerije first garnered attention while training for the 2003 All-Africa Games that were held in Abuja, Nigeria. During the qualifications, he and partner Friday Dirisu fought hard against Lucky Ojemudia and Micheal Obiora to win the two spots in their weight categories. He won a bronze medal in the Heavyweight Male category, along with Ngala Munayi of Kenya.
Chukwumerije was chosen for the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens at the Olympic qualifiers in Cairo, Egypt in late January 2004. He came in second in the regional qualifications, behind only Abdelkader Zrouri of Morocco. He finished in 11th place in the men's +80 kg event after failing to advance beyond the preliminary round. He was defeated by Pascal Gentil of France, the eventual bronze medalist in the event. Despite this, he was considered by several sources to be one of Nigeria's best medal prospects at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, citing the amount of training he had undertaken and the experience that he had gained since the last Olympics. His father had paid for him, as well as fellow taekwondo practitioner Isa Adamu, to be trained in the United States and Europe and compete globally. This financial backing was unavailable to most other Nigerian athletes. Chukwumerije spent six weeks training in the United States, although the American embassy refused to grant his training partner Adamu a visa. They did, however, train together in Manchester and worked with coach Osita A. Green. They also trained in Taiwan and Germany.
At the 2007 All-Africa Games in Algiers, Algeria, both Chukwumerije and Adamu won gold medals in taekwondo, the former in the +80 kg class. They then headed to Tripoli, Libya, where they earned their qualification tickets for the Beijing Olympics. Despite having lauded Nigerian athletes in the past, two days before his event, he proclaimed his "disappointment" at the performance of the Nigerian national team who, at that point, had not won a single medal at the games. He did, however, praise the Nigeria national football team, who ended up in second place in the men's tournament. The next day, however, Nigeria won bronze medals in the women's 4x100 metre relay and the women's long jump.
Competing in the men's +80kg event, Chukwumerije defeated Vietnam's Nguyen Van Hung in the preliminary rounds. He defeated Mali's Daba Modibo Keïta in the quarterfinals, but lost to Greece's Alexandros Nikolaidis, the eventual silver medal winner in the event. In the repechage, he defeated Akmal Irgashev of Uzbekistan to claim one of two bronze medals. The other went to Arman Chilmanov of Kazakhstan. In doing so, he earned an incentive offered by LG Electronics, who offered to furnish the home of any Nigerian Olympic competitor who won a medal. 
An injury cost Chukwumerije his title at the 2011 All-Africa Games in Maputo, Mozambique, where he settled for silver in the men's heavyweight category. He recovered from this problem, but then sustained two fractures to his foot while qualifying for the 2012 Summer Olympics. At the London Games he participated in the men's +80kg division, but lost his first bout against Robelis Despaigne of Cuba, an eventual bronze medalist.
Personal life.
In 2007 Chukwumerije was a contestant on and was the fifth person to be voted out. In September 2009 he entered the University of Liverpool for a one-year degree program in Operations and Supply Chain Management and graduated in 2010 with a Master of Science degree. During his time there he was active in the institution's sporting culture and participated in volleyball, basketball, and taekwondo. In 2009 Chukwumerije was inducted into the World's Taekwondo Hall of Fame in New Jersey as an "Outstanding Male African Olympic Player". In October 2012 Nigeria hosted the first Chika Chukwumerije Sports Foundation international taekwondo championship to further the foundation's mission of producing world-class taekwondo practitioners from West Africa by combating "the lack of constant exposure to world class tournaments, training camps, equipment and training methodologies".

</doc>
<doc id="18997028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997028" title="Santo António dos Olivais">
Santo António dos Olivais

Santo António dos Olivais, commonly shortened to Olivais, is an urban civil parish in the municipality of Coimbra in Portugal, making-up part of the historic city of Coimbra. In 2011, its population was over 38,850 inhabitants, in an area east of University Hill in Coimbra, covering 19.13 km², making it the most populated in the Municipality of Coimbra, and among the most densely inhabited in the country outside of Lisbon and Porto metropolitan areas. Created in 1836, the parish was named for Anthony of Padua (1195 – 1231), who joined the local branch of the Order of Friars Minor; Anthony took his name from Saint Anthony the Great, to whom the local Franciscan hermitage was dedicated.
History.
Even by 1064, before the creation of the Kingdom of Portugal (1143), the region of Olivais was pasturelands interspersed by parcels where the local settlers cultivated vineyards and olive orchards, in addition to vegetable gardens and fruit trees, while the remaining lands were still forested (such Malheiros, Tovins, Picoto, Dianteiro and Rocha Nova).
The beginnings of the parish occurred in the 13th century (around 1210), when D. Sancha (daughter of King Sancho I) founded the Royal Monastery of Santa Maria de Celas, in the locality of Vimarães, under administration of friars of the Order of Saint Bernard. The establishment of the monastery in Vimarães was basis for the founding of the parish of Celas.
A few years later (between 1217 and 1218), Queen Urraca (wife of Afonso II) donated a small chapel on a hill of olive groves to the first Franciscan monks arriving into Portugal, which they transformed into a humble hermitage dedicated to Saint Anthony the Great. Around 1220, friar Fernando de Bulhões after taking religious orders at the Augustinian Monastery of Santa Cruz (Coimbra) joined the humble Franciscans monks, adopting the name of the small chapel's patron. After his death (1231 in the Italian town of Padua), he was canonized almost immediately, and the Franciscan convent that flourished in Olivais quickly changed its patron from Saint Anthony the Great to Anthony of Padua, becoming known as "Santo António de Olivais" and attracting new settlers into the region. By 1247, the Convent of São Francisco da Ponte attracted many friars, resulting in the late 15th century delimitation of the churchyard and convent in the 16th century.
Slowly the built-up area developed within the territory, with new agglomerations forming around the principal centres of Celas and Olivais; by 1740 the town of Celas had 48 buildings with about 200 inhabitants, while Olivais had just about the same.
On the night of 10–11 November 1851, a fire gutted the cloister, dormitory and other dependencies of the convent (now the churchyard and cemetery of the current structure). Renovations and remodelling of the Church of Nossa Senhora da Piedade (which was the church of Saint Germain) continued after May, becoming the parochial church of the newly defined parish of Santo António dos Olivais.
By 1854, with the expulsion of the religious orders and municipal reforms, the need to reorganize the municipality of Coimbra, resulted in the 25 November 1854 decree establishing the civil parish of Santo António dos Olivais (that included 749 buildings and 3000 inhabitants), in addition to six other parishes. Olviais included the largest of these early settlements, established from the remnants of São Pedro and clergy of Torres.
Geography.
The largest civil parish of Coimbra city proper and the most populated in the Municipality of Coimbra, the parish of Santo António dos Olivais is surrounded on all sides by neighbours from this political division: north by São Paulo dos Frades; east by Torres do Mondego; south, along the Mondego River, by the parishes of Ceira, Castelo Viegas and south/southwest by Santa Clara; and west by central civil parishes of Santa Cruz, Sé Nova and Almedina, which make up the core of the historical quarters of the city proper. The region is a semi-circular bowl, that extends from the riverbanks of the Mondego (in the south) to the foothills of Rocha Nova (in the north), skirting the populated city of Coimbra in the west and the eastern Mondego River valley near Misarela. The central part of the parish, intrinsic to the main city of Coimbra, is concentrated between the main road accessways: "Avenida Mendes Silva" (along the south) and "Avenida Fernando Namora"-"Avenida Augusto Seabra" that circles the outside perimeter of Coimbra (to the east).
It includes several individual places that formed during the historical settlement of the region, including: Olivais, Celas, Solum, Calhabé, Norton de Matos, Arregaça, Vale das Flores, Quinta da Nora, Quinta da Boavista, Casa Branca, Chão do Bispo, Picoto, Vale de Canas, Casal do Lobo, Cova do Ouro, Alto de S. João, Pinhal de Marrocos, Portela and Tovim.
Economy.
Santo António dos Olivais houses several major facilities of Coimbra, including many University of Coimbra's sites (the Pólo II Campus of the University of Coimbra (FCTUC) - engineering; the Pólo III Campus of the University of Coimbra (FMUC and FFUC) - medicine and pharmacy; the University of Coimbra Faculty of Economics (FEUC) - economics, business and sociology; the Coimbra University Hospitals (HUC); the Centre for Neuroscience and Cell Biology of Coimbra (CNC) research centre; and the Instituto Pedro Nunes (IPN) business incubator), as well as the Coimbra's Oncology Hospital (IPO), the polytechnical Coimbra Engineering Institute (ISEC), the Coimbra Nursing School (ESEnfC), the Coimbra Hotel and Tourism School, the municipal city stadium and swimming pools, the Coimbra Multisports Arena, hotels, hostels and the city's camping park. The Rádio e Televisão de Portugal (RTP) branch at Coimbra is located in the civil parish. The NYSE Alternext-listed company ISA – Intelligent Sensing Anywhere, is also headquartered in the civil parish of Olivais, Coimbra.

</doc>
<doc id="18997031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997031" title="Catoctin Station Raid">
Catoctin Station Raid

The Catoctin Station Raid was executed against a train passing through the Catoctin Station on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad on June 17, 1863 by Confederate cavalry forces, during the movement north into Maryland by Gen. Robert E. Lee early in the Gettysburg Campaign. Union Army forces further west, in the city of Winchester, Virginia, had just been routed by Lt.Gen. Ewell’s Second Corps on June 15 during the Second Battle of Winchester and federal troops were evacuating east to Harpers Ferry, West Virginia in a state of disarray. Rumors of an invasion by Lee were creating panic in the region, and no more trains were departing Baltimore except for the mail train to Harpers Ferry that provided supplies to the Union forces in Frederick County, Maryland.
Raid Execution.
During the predawn hours on June 17, Confederate cavalry forces forded the Potomac River, split into two groups and attacked both the Union cavalry near Catoctin station, and the military supply train, which was the last of five separate supply trains heading east from Catoctin Station. The train engineer managed to fend off the attack by getting the train moved away down the line, but he, the conductor and fifteen passengers along with the train were all successfully captured at the next Point of Rocks Station. The train was carrying a load of flour from western mill companies, and the entire cargo was burned.

</doc>
<doc id="18997033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997033" title="Slim 10">
Slim 10

Slim 10 () was a popular dieting pill produced by Yuzhitang Health Products of Guangdong, People's Republic of China. In 2002, the product gained notoriety for cases of thyroid problems, liver failure, and deaths in Asia as a result of its consumption.
The product label claimed that the ingredients contained only natural extracts, and was originally cleared for sale by authorities. It was tested and found to contain fenfluramine and nicotinamide that was banned by authorities in several Asian countries but had not been discovered in previous tests—the authorities then ordered the product to be pulled from their shelves and conducted criminal investigation. Fenfluramine is a substance that was first outlawed in the United States due to associations with severe health hazards.
Cases in Singapore.
In Singapore, a high-profile liver failure of female television personality Andrea De Cruz sent shockwaves across its local television industry, leading to a few lawsuits being filed. She eventually won S$900,000 (US$521,460) in damages against the distributor and importer. One woman, Selvarani Raja, died after suffering from liver failure. De Cruz was saved after receiving an emergency transplant from boyfriend (now husband) and actor Pierre Png, who donated half of his liver. Japan authorities reported four deaths resulting from the consumption of pill, and half of the 64 reported illnesses relating to liver or thyroid requiring hospitalization.
Consequences of the product's side-effects highlighted the issue of Asian women being under immense societal pressure to lose weight at any costs, and its countries' review of regulations within the slimming and pharmaceuticals industries. In its aftermath, Singapore tested all its 45 slimming products for any potentially dangerous ingredients. The spotlight was also shone on Chinese health products, which was exported and sold cheaply and largely unregulated across Asia in pharmacies, beauty parlors and spas. The manufacturer defended that the products linked to the incidents were the result of imitations. Its company's manufacturing license was eventually revoked by the Chinese government after Slim 10 was linked to one of its own citizen's death in Guangdong.

</doc>
<doc id="18997035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997035" title="Tautenhain">
Tautenhain

Tautenhain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18997047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997047" title="List of Masters of Emmanuel College, Cambridge">
List of Masters of Emmanuel College, Cambridge

The Master of Emmanuel College is the head of Emmanuel College, Cambridge and chairs the College Council and Governing Body of the college.

</doc>
<doc id="18997049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997049" title="UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's scratch">
UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's scratch

The UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's scratch is the women's world championship scratch race event held annually at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships. The event was first introduced in 2002. Yumari González of Cuba won the title three times and two cyclists have won the title on two occasions: Olga Sliusareva of Russia, and Katarzyna Pawłowska of Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18997057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997057" title="Wheeler Township">
Wheeler Township

Wheeler Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18997072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997072" title="NPR Music">
NPR Music

NPR Music launched in November 2007 to present public radio music programming and original editorial content for music discovery. It is a project of National Public Radio, a privately and publicly funded non-profit membership media organization that serves as a national syndicator to public radio stations in the United States. NPR Music offers current and archival podcasts, live concert webcasts, reviews, music lists, news, studio sessions, and interviews to listen to from NPR and partner public radio stations across the country, as well as an index of public radio music stations streaming live on the Internet. There are two blogs: "Monitor Mix" by former Sleater-Kinney musician Carrie Brownstein and the All Songs Considered Blog by Bob Boilen and Robin Hilton.

</doc>
<doc id="18997085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997085" title="White Oak Township">
White Oak Township

White Oak Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18997110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997110" title="Lee Sawyer">
Lee Sawyer

Lee Thomas Sawyer (born 10 September 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dover Athletic after being released by Woking in December 2013.
Playing career.
Sawyer started his career with Chelsea at the age of nine. In July 2007, he signed a professional contract with Chelsea. In his last season as a schoolboy, Sawyer overcame both a stress fracture in his back and cruciate ligament before being promoted to the youth and reserve teams.
In the 2006–07 season, Sawyer sat on the Chelsea bench for the last league game of the season, although he did not play. Sawyer was intended to go on the pre-season tour of the United States, but was ruled out of the tour through injury. He then dislocated his shoulder in December 2007, ruling him out of the start of the club's Youth Cup run. Sawyer played seven games for the reserves in the 2007–08 season, plus 14 appearances in the youth teams. A red card in the semi-final of the Youth Cup ruled him out of both legs of the final.
Southend United.
On 18 August 2008, Sawyer went on loan to Southend United for three months to gain some first team experience. He made his debut as a substitute against Brighton & Hove Albion, on 22 August 2008. He made his first start for Southend United on 30 August 2008 against Walsall. He scored his first two goals against Leyton Orient in the 4–2 loss in the Football League Trophy on 3 September 2008. Ironically his only league goal for the club also came against Leyton Orient, in a 3–0 win on 26 September 2008. Before he returned to Chelsea Sawyer said that he wanted to return to Southend United.
Coventry City.
Sawyer joined Coventry City on loan for a month on 26 January 2009. Sawyer found first team opportunities at Coventry City very limited and only made one start and one sub appearance under Chris Coleman before returning to Chelsea.
Wycombe Wanderers.
Another loan deal soon followed, this time at Wycombe Wanderers, from 19 March 2009 until the end of the 2008–09 season. He scored his first goal for the club on 25 April as part of a 1–1 draw with Port Vale and played a key part in the clubs promotion push to League One.
Return to Southend United.
Sawyer returned to Southend United on 14 July 2009 on loan until January 2010.
However, after mutually agreeing with the club the termination of the loan, Sawyer returned to Chelsea on 26 October. Much speculation surrounded Sawyer's departure from the club and although Sawyer decided to stay quiet on the issue, Southend issued a statement claiming the player had breached the clubs discipline policy. Due to the upheaval that was exposed to Sawyer at Southend United. On 12 November, it was announced that Sawyer's contract with Chelsea had been terminated by mutual consent.
Barnet.
On 14 January 2010, Sawyer signed for Barnet on a short-term contract. He scored his first goal for the club in a 1–1 draw with Torquay United on 26 January 2010. Due to an administrative error by Barnet meant that Sawyer couldn't play for any club including Barnet for the remainder of the 2009–10 season.
Woking.
On 12 November 2010, Sawyer signed on non-contract terms for Conference South club Woking. On 17 January 2011, Sawyer had reportedly left the club by mutual consent to return to Southend United. However, on the same day Southend boss Paul Sturrock denied a deal had been completed but talks with Sawyer where ongoing.
Return to Southend United, again.
On 18 January 2011, Sawyer completed his return to Southend United on a deal until the end of the season with the option of a further one-year contract. Sawyer made his third debut for the Blues in a 1–1 draw against Bury on 21 January, coming on as a 69th minute substitute replacing Kane Ferdinand.
After making sporadic appearances in the first team, Sawyer was released from Southend United at the end of his contract along with eleven other players.
Return to Woking.
On 19 July 2012, Sawyer re-signed for Woking, now in the Conference Premier.
International career.
Sawyer made his international debut for the England U-16s against Scotland in the Victory Shield in November 2004. He has played for the England U-18s and the England U-19s, scoring a goal for both teams. On 27 March 2007, he scored a volley in the England U-18 team's 4–1 victory over the Netherlands' U-18 team.

</doc>
<doc id="18997114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997114" title="Devisthan">
Devisthan

Devisthan is the name of several towns and villages in Nepal:

</doc>
<doc id="18997122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997122" title="Charles D. Robinson">
Charles D. Robinson

Charles D. Robinson (October 22, 1822–September 25, 1886) was a politician from the U.S. state of Wisconsin. He served as that state's third Secretary of State for one term from January 5, 1852 to January 2, 1854. He was a Democrat and served under Whig governor Leonard J. Farwell. Robinson served in the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1850 and was mayor of Green Bay, Wisconsin. He also served in the United States Army during the American Civil War.
He resided in Green Bay, Wisconsin at the time of his election.

</doc>
<doc id="18997145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997145" title="St. Swithun's, Nately Scures">
St. Swithun's, Nately Scures

St Swithun's Church, Nately Scures is the smallest ancient Church of England parish church in the English county of Hampshire. Newnham and Nately Scures are part of the Anglican United Parish which includes: Greywell, Mapledurwell and Up Nately, which in turn are covenanted with a further seven churches in the area.
History.
The Church was built of flint and rubble around 1175. It is considered to be the best largely unspoilt example of a Norman single-cell apsidal church in England. There are only four examples remaining in the UK. A gallery was installed in 1591 and rebuilt together with the roof in 1786. Binstead stone forms the door and window dressings.
Services.
Services normally take place in each of the churches within the United Parish including St Swithun's twice per month. The church is never locked by day.

</doc>
<doc id="18997162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997162" title="John Holmes Jellett">
John Holmes Jellett

John Holmes Jellett OBE, DSc, MA (1905–1971) was a British civil engineer.
Jellett was appointed assistant civil engineer to the Admiralty on 22 June 1933. He served in the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve during the Second World War and was commissioned as a Temporary Captain. His engineering talents were called upon during the Invasion of Normandy where he was made Superintending Civil Engineer of Mulberry Harbour B, a temporary concrete harbour built at Arromanches. Mulberry B was in use for five months following the invasion and landed two million men, half a million vehicles and four million tons of supplies for the Liberation of Europe.
In recognition of Jellett's work with the Mulberry harbour he was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (military division) on 28 November 1944. His citation in the "London Gazette" referred to his "distinguished service in operations which led to the successful landing of allied forces in Normandy".
After the war from October 1945 to February 1946 he was Superintending Civil Engineer, HM Dockyard, Chatham. From 1946-48 he was Deputy Docks Engineer, Southern Railway, Southampton Docks. After nationalisation of the railway companies he was Docks Engineer, Southampton Docks, British Transport Commission from 1948-58 and he was Chief Docks Engineer, Southampton Docks from 1958 until his retirement in 1966.
He also acted as an occasional advisor within the Engineer and Railway Staff Corps, he was promoted to Major of that corps on 3 July 1957. In 1966 he was elected a first class engineer member of the Smeatonian Society of Civil Engineers. Jellett served as President of the Institution of Civil Engineers from November 1968 to November 1969. He authored the "Harbours and Sea Works" article entry in "Encyclopaedia Britannica". He lived in Southampton in Hampshire, from 1946 until his death in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18997169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997169" title="Port Kent and Hopkinton Turnpike">
Port Kent and Hopkinton Turnpike

The Port Kent and Hopkinton Turnpike was a 19th-century toll road in the North Country of New York in the United States. It began in the town of Hopkinton and ended at the hamlet of Port Kent, located on the western shore of Lake Champlain. The turnpike was constructed in the early 1830s and was completed in 1833. The tolls along the road were removed just five years later; however, parts of the former turnpike later became the basis for several 20th century state highways. One, the former New York State Route 99 (NY 99), is still known today as the "Port Kent–Hopkinton Turnpike".
Route description.
The Port Kent and Hopkinton Turnpike began in Nicholville, a small hamlet situated adjacent to the town of Hopkinton on the northern banks of the St. Regis River in the St. Lawrence County town of Lawrence. It headed eastward on what is now Port Kent and Red Tavern Roads through Saint Regis Falls to the town of Duane. Between the hamlets of Duane Center and Merrillsville (the latter in the town of Franklin), it followed modern County Route 26 (CR 26) through Franklin County. CR 26 is still known today as the "Port Kent–Hopkinton Turnpike" and is one of only two highways along the turnpike's routing that still makes reference to the old toll road.
From Franklin to Au Sable Forks, the Port Kent and Hopkinton Turnpike used a series of roadways that are now primarily local roads. It continued eastward from modern NY 3 on Alder Brook Park and Brook Roads to the hamlet of Union Falls, situated near the Franklin–Clinton county line. East of Union Falls, it proceeded on what is now Union Falls, Silver Lake, Turnpike, and Guide Board Roads through rural portions of Clinton County to the more populous Au Sable Forks. Northeast of Au Sable Forks, the turnpike followed what is now a series of state-maintained highways. Most of the highway—from Au Sable Forks to Keeseville—is now part of NY 9N. Past Keeseville, the routing of the turnpike continued to the hamlet of Port Kent on modern U.S. Route 9 (US 9) and NY 373.
History.
The idea of constructing a highway leading southward from St. Lawrence County was first conceived as early as the beginning of the 19th century. Several different roadways were built; however, all ultimately fell into disuse after several years. On April 16, 1827, a team of three surveyors were commissioned to determine a routing for a new highway leading from Hopkinton, a town in northeastern St. Lawrence County, to Lake Champlain. The surveying and leveling took 26 days and was completed by late October of that year. Contemporary newspapers claimed that the chosen route avoided all "hills of any magnitude".
On April 18, 1829, the New York State Legislature passed an act that allowed construction to begin on the highway, which was to begin at Hopkinton and end at Port Kent on the western shore of Lake Champlain. As part of the act, the state of New York allocated $25,836 (equivalent to $ in ) toward the construction of the road and levied a tax on all land located within three miles of the proposed route, which would raise an additional $12,500 (equivalent to $ in ) for the project. Construction began later that year and was completed in 1832. The highway opened in 1833 as a toll road named the Port Kent and Hopkinton Turnpike.
Under the original text of the 1829 act, only one toll gate was permitted on the turnpike. On January 16, 1835, the commissioners of the Port Kent and Hopkinton Turnpike filed a petition in the New York State Senate requesting that the turnpike be allowed to replace the one toll gate with two "half toll gates"; that is, two toll gates charging half of the normal amount of toll. The original toll gate was placed near the midpoint of the turnpike; however, the commissioners indicated that most of the traffic used only small portions of the highway near each end, resulting in a loss of toll revenue. Thus, the commissioners desired to place two half toll gates closer to the endpoints of the route.
A bill was introduced in the State Senate shortly afterward that, if passed, would allow the turnpike to have two half toll gates. It was passed by the Senate on January 20, 1835, and by the New York State Assembly on February 2, 1835. The bill was signed into law by Governor William L. Marcy on February 4, 1835. Ultimately, the change in toll gate locations did little to improve the financial standing of the turnpike. On March 30, 1838, a law went into effect that stipulated that maintenance of the Port Kent and Hopkinton Turnpike would be transferred to the towns it ran within and that the roadway would be maintained using public highway funds, effectively dissolving the toll road.
Portions of the former turnpike were later acquired by the state of New York and added to the state highway system. By 1930, the portion from Au Sable Forks to Ausable Chasm had a route number; two more sections—Duane (at Duane Center) to Franklin (Merrillsville) and Ausable Chasm to Port Kent—gained a designation as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York. Of the four designations that occupied parts of the turnpike's former routing in 1930—US 9, NY 9N, NY 99, and NY 373—three still exist today. NY 99 was removed in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18997171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997171" title="Hijack (2008 film)">
Hijack (2008 film)

Hijack is a 2008 Bollywood film about terrorism. It stars Shiney Ahuja and Esha Deol. This film is based on the real life hijacking of IC 814.
Plot.
Vikram Madan (Shiney Ahuja) is a ground maintenance engineer at the Chandigarh Airport. His social life is limited to one friend, Rajeev, the security chief of the same airport. Vikram's daughter is traveling with her teacher for a debate contest to Amritsar from Delhi. That flight gets hijacked by a group of six terrorists working for a man named Rasheed (KK Raina) who has been captured by the Indian police. The flight is forced to land at the Chandigarh Airport. These terrorists demand the release of Rasheed from the Indian Government or they threaten to kill the hostages inside the aircraft. Now Vikram is faced with a dilemma of being the only man who can sneak inside the aircraft and try to save the life of his daughter Priya. Once he breaches into the aircraft with the help of air hostess Saira (Esha Deol), he starts plotting and planning and killing the terrorists one by one. Some innocent passengers become the victims of the terrorists and die. However somehow Vikram and Saira together saved the day.
Music.
The soundtrack was scored by debutante duo Justin-Uday.

</doc>
<doc id="18997174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997174" title="2007–08 Portsmouth F.C. season">
2007–08 Portsmouth F.C. season

Portsmouth F.C. had its most successful season since it won the domestic league twice 1949 and 1950, thanks to an FA Cup campaign that saw them beating Cardiff City in the final. The run to the final included a surprise 1–0 victory against Manchester United at Old Trafford, thanks to a Sulley Muntari penalty.
The millions of pounds invested in the squad on players such as Glen Johnson, Lassana Diarra, Muntari and others also enabled Portsmouth to have an unprecedented run in the modern Premier League era, finishing in 8th, despite losing the last few matches of the season. During the autumn, Portsmouth was involved in the battle for a Champions League spot, thanks to its surprise form. The season also saw a remarkable game, beating Reading by 7-4 at Fratton Park, following eight goals in the second half.
However, despite the success in the FA Cup and league, the club's overspending on players would lead to a financial crisis that would see Portsmouth enter administration twice and suffer relegation to the fourth tier within five seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="18997190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997190" title="Goat River">
Goat River

Goat River may refer to:
One of three rivers in British Columbia, Canada:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18997221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997221" title="Alexander T. Gray">
Alexander T. Gray

Alexander T. Gray, also called Alex T. Grey, was a politician from the U.S. state of Wisconsin. He served as that state's fourth Secretary of State for a single term from January 2, 1854 to January 7, 1856. He was a Democrat and served under Democratic governor William A. Barstow.
He resided in Janesville, Wisconsin at the time of his election.

</doc>
<doc id="18997222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997222" title="Khoja (disambiguation)">
Khoja (disambiguation)

The Khojas are a set of communities of Shia Muslims in the Indian Subcontinent.
Khoja may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18997233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997233" title="Whiteford Township">
Whiteford Township

Whiteford Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18997234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997234" title="Sam McAughtry">
Sam McAughtry

Sam McAughtry is a writer and broadcaster who was born in Belfast in 1923, lived in the loyalist Tiger's Bay area and was educated at St Barnabas'.
He left school at 14 and served in the Royal Air Force. On leaving the armed forces he worked as a labourer, then civil servant, before becoming a full-time writer.
He was a trade union and Northern Ireland Labour Party member, he stood unsuccessfully for elections on a non-sectarian socialist platform. He was founding chairman of the Peace Train Organisation which protested against the bombing of the Dublin-Belfast railway line.
McAughtry has made many contributions to radio and television programmes, giving his memories of life in Belfast as well as political analysis during the troubles. He was also a regular columnist in The Irish Times.
Sam McAughtry was elected a member of the Irish Senate in 1996 by the Industrial and Commercial Panel. Others from Northern Ireland such as Gordon Wilson, Maurice Hayes, John Robb, Sam Kyle, Seamus Mallon and Brid Rodgers were appointed by the Taoiseach.
He was introduced on 28 February, welcomed as a rare northern Protestant representative, and made his first contribution in response.

</doc>
<doc id="18997239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997239" title="Alexander Gray">
Alexander Gray

Alexander Gray may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18997247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997247" title="Whitehall Township">
Whitehall Township

Whitehall Township may refer to the following places:
There is also: 

</doc>
<doc id="18997250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997250" title="Laurence Ferrari">
Laurence Ferrari

Laurence Ferrari ( ; born 5 July 1966) is a French journalist, best known as a former anchor of the TF1 weekday evening news "Le 20H".
Biography.
Early life and education.
Ferrari was born in Aix-les-Bains, Savoie in 1966, the daughter of a former mayor of the city and member of the French National Assembly, Gratien Ferrari, and has Italian ancestry. She attended the École Française des Attachés de Presse (French School for Press Attachés) in Lyon and graduated from the Sorbonne University with a Master of 'Communication Politique and Sociale'. She is the eldest of three sisters and an accomplished pianist.
Media career.
She started her career in 1986 as a stringer at the French news agency, AFP, and "Le Figaro Magazine". She also worked at the French language radio station, Europe 1, as a researcher with special responsibility for health policy. She began her television career in 1994 with Michel Drucker in "Studio Gabriel" on France 2 and thereafter with Jean-Pierre Pernaut in ""Combien ça coûte ?"" on TF1. In 2001 she co-hosted the TF1 Sunday evening magazine "Sept à Huit" with her former husband, Thomas Hugues. After her divorce, she moved in 2006 to Canal + to present the channel's weekly political magazine ""Dimanche +"" where she covered the French presidential election of 2007. In June 2008, she became the new anchor of ""Le 20 Heures de TF1"" (the flagship TV news programme, which has the highest ratings in Europe), replacing its long-serving anchor Patrick Poivre d'Arvor, and taking over the weekday programme on 25 August 2008.
Ferrari incited controversy in 2010 by wearing a veil to interview Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Ferrari presented her final 8pm newscast for TF1 on 31 May 2012, a day after announcing her resignation from the network in order to join Direct 8.
Humanitarian work.
Laurence Ferrari has been an ambassador for SOS Children's Villages since November 2003.
In March 2007, along with other famous personalities including journalists Claire Chazal, Marie Drucker, Tina Keiffer, Béatrice Schönberg and Mélissa Theuriau, she sponsored the La Rose Marie Claire project with UNICEF to help educate young girls.
Private life.
In October 2007, Laurence Ferrari and Thomas Hugues separated on friendly terms, after 14 years of marriage (since 1993) and two children (a son and a daughter).
Partners since 2008, she and the violinist, Renaud Capuçon, married in July 2009 in the 16th arrondissement of Paris and have one son, who was born in November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18997258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997258" title="Kwon Un-Sil">
Kwon Un-Sil

Kwon Un-Sil (born September 17, 1983 in Hamhung, South Hamgyong) is an athlete from North Korea who competes in archery. 
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Kwon finished her ranking round with a total of 656 points. This gave her the 5th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Najmeh Abtin in the first round, beating the archer from Iran with 106-96. In the second round she was too strong for Pranitha Vardhineni with 106-99 and via Aida Román (105-100) she achieved her place in the quarter final. There she eliminated another Mexican, Mariana Avitia with 105-99 to go on to the semi final. In the semi final Kwon was unable to beat first seed Park Sung-Hyun who won the match 109-106. Kwon could still win the bronze medal against another South Korean Yun Ok-Hee, but eventually lost again with 109-106 to finish just outside the medals.

</doc>
<doc id="18997262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997262" title="World Trade Center Station">
World Trade Center Station

World Trade Center Station can refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18997269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997269" title="Whitewater Township">
Whitewater Township

Whitewater Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18997294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997294" title="Józef Warszewicz">
Józef Warszewicz

Józef Warszewicz Ritter von Rawicz (September 8 (?) 1812, Vilnius - December 29, 1866, Cracow) was a Polish botanist, plant and animal collector, and biologist.
Life.
Born into an impoverished Polish family of lower nobility, he grew up in Wilno, Lithuania, and became a botansit at the botanical garden of the Wilno University. While at the university there, he joined the November Uprising which was quickly and brutally suppressed, whereupon, with the remnants of the Polish army, he fled to Germany. In the years 1840-1844 he worked as assistant gardener in the Botanical Garden at Berlin.
In 1844, upon recommendation of Alexander von Humboldt, he was sent by Messrs. Van Houtte, a horticulturalist of Ghent, to join a Belgian colony in Guatemala, where he soon became an independent collector and wholesale supplier of plants to European horticulturalists and botanical gardens.
Warszewicz was especially interested in orchids, of which he imported enormous quantities, many of which were described by H.G. Reichenbach. He traveled and collected extensively throughout Central America, discovering a wealth of new plant species in Guatemala, Costa Rica and Panama, where he climbed the 16,000-foot Chiriqui Volcano.
Suffering from the consequences of yellow fever, Warszewicz returned to Germany in 1850. He spent some time working with Reichenbach in Berlin, but at the begin of 1851 he left for South America . At the end of that year he was robbed of all his possessions in Guayaquil. Undaunted, he traveled throughout Ecuador, Bolivia and Peru, collecting and discovering many new plant species. He also collected animals and cultural artifacts. [http://www.worldcat.org/oclc/84218232&referer=brief_results]
A recurrence of yellow fever in 1853 compelled Warszewicz to return to Cracow where he became supervisor of the Botanical Gardens. He retained this position it until his death. 
His exsicates were bequeathed to the Berlin Botanic Garden.
Selected taxa.
"Warscewiczella" Rchb.f., "Warszewiczia" and "Warscaea" Szlach. (a synonym of "Cyclopogon") were named after him as well as many species, e.g.

</doc>
<doc id="18997310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997310" title="Wilcox Township">
Wilcox Township

Wilcox Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18997312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997312" title="Star Shoot Stakes">
Star Shoot Stakes

The Star Shoot Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario. Run in mid April, it is the first stakes race of the Woodbine racing season. An ungraded stakes race contested on dirt over six furlongs, it is open to three-year-old fillies. 
Inaugurated in 1956 at Greenwood Raceway, and named for Star Shoot, the sire of Sir Barton, the race was hosted by the Fort Erie Racetrack from 1967 through 1975 before moving to its present location at Woodbine Racetrack in 1976. Since inception it has been contested at various distances:
The Star Shoot Stakes was run in two divisions in 1961, 1979, 1986, and in 1999.
Records.
Speed record: (Through 1998, Woodbine times were recorded in fifths of a second. Since 1999 they are in hundredths of a second)
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="18997319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997319" title="Medford Rogues">
Medford Rogues

Medford Nuggets.
The Medford Nuggets were a professional Minor league baseball team based in Medford, Oregon, and formed part of the Far West League from 1948 through 1949. The team played their home games at Miles Field in Medford. They were a short-season single-A affiliate of the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1948 but were unaffiliated in 1949. Some sources list the team as the Medford Dodgers in the 1948 season.
Medford Rogues.
The team name was changed to the Medford Rogues the following season and played under that name from 1950 to 1951. 
The Rogues were an affiliate of the New York Giants in 1950 and were unaffiliated in 1951. The team folded in 1951 when they were unable to find a new home field after the ballpark was destroyed in a mysterious fire.
The Medford franchise was known to have paved the way for future teams in the city like the Medford Giants, the Medford Dodgers and the Medford A's/Southern Oregon Timberjacks of the Northwest League.
The West Coast League, a collegiate summer baseball league, fielded a new franchise that began play in the summer of 2013 at Harry & David Field in Medford. 

</doc>
<doc id="18997355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997355" title="ECOFIT">
ECOFIT

ECOFIT is multi-institutional ecological and paleoecology operation started in Lima in 1992. It specializes in montitoring ecology and paleo-ecology of tropical forests, in parts of South America and also in coastal Central Africa.
The program involves the study of fossils and soils of tropical forests particularly related to the Holocene period.

</doc>
<doc id="18997365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997365" title="Naya Daur">
Naya Daur

Naya Daur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18997374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997374" title="Arnold Diestel">
Arnold Diestel

Arnold Friedrich Georg Diestel (2 March 1857–3 January 1924) was a German politician and a First Mayor of Hamburg. Diestel was born in Valparaíso, Chile and died in Hamburg. He was member of the German Democratic Party "(Deutsche Demokratische Partei (DDP))". Diestel was elected as a first mayor from 2 February 1920 until 31 December 1923 during the Weimar Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="18997385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997385" title="David W. Jones">
David W. Jones

David W. Jones was a politician from the U.S. state of Wisconsin. He served as that state's fifth Secretary of State, serving two terms from January 7, 1856 to January 2, 1860. He was a Democrat and served under Democratic governor William A. Barstow, Democratic acting-governor Arthur MacArthur, Sr., and Republican governors Coles Bashford and Alexander Randall.
He resided in Belmont, Wisconsin at the time of his election.

</doc>
<doc id="18997401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997401" title="Mount Talinis">
Mount Talinis

Mount Talinis, also known as the Cuernos de Negros (Horns of Negros), is a complex volcano in the Philippine province of Negros Oriental. At about above sea level, it is the second highest mountain on Negros Island after Mount Kanlaon. The volcano is located southwest of the municipality of Valencia; and from Dumaguete City, the capital of the province.
Geology.
Cuernos de Negros is classified by the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology as a potentially active volcano forming part of the Negros Volcanic Belt. Andesite and basalt are the most abundant rocks found on the mountain. With a base diameter of , the volcanic complex is composed of several volcanic cones and peaks, the most prominent of which are Talinis, Cuernos de Negros, Guinsayawan, Yagumyum Peak and Guintabon Dome. The mountain range is very fumarolic with several solfataras and steam vents located on its slope that are harnessed to generate electricity. The Southern Negros Geothermal Production Field in Palinpinon generates 192.5 MW.
Tourism.
Cuernos de Negros volcanic complex is popular with visitors for the natural beauty of the forest and many volcanic lakes surrounded by mountains. 
Balinsasayao Twin Lakes Natural Park.
Within the volcano complex is the Balinsasayao Twin Lakes Natural Park, a national park established on November 21, 2000 by Proclamation No. 414. It is a most visited park of which the twin crater lakes of Balinsasayao and Danao are located, separated only by a narrow mountain ridge. Lake Kabalin-an, a smaller lake, is located before the two lakes. All three lakes are located within the Guintabon Caldera.
Hiking Mount Talinis.
Mt. Talinis is easily climbed via nature trails that start in Bidjao, Dauin and Apolong, Valencia. Several crater lakes exits: Lake Yagumyum is between Yagumyum Peak and the main peak of Cuernos de Negros; Lake Nailig and Lake Mabilog are crater lakes near the summit. Lake Nailig serves as the main camping ground, with the peak accessible by a 30-minute trek. The summit is heavily forested and mostly covered with fog. 
The Kaipohan sulfur vents, an area of dead trees and bleached rocks, can be found on the trail to Apolong, Valencia.
Biodiversity.
The region of Mt. Talinis has a rich biodiversity that is threatened by illegal logging, "kaingin", increased tourist activity and the gradual build-up of houses near its forested areas. The lakes around Mt. Talinis contain freshwater shrimp, snails, carp and tilapia species, and its forest system is home to endemic and rare wildlife. There are 91 tree species, 18 of which are commercially important, including "Alphonsea arborea", "Elaeocarpus monocera", "Pometia pinnata", and "Phyllocladus hypophyllus" and Tigerwood. Other notable flora include wild orchids, edible berries and, broad-leafed tree ferns. 
Common fauna include boars, civets, chickens, pigeons, monkeys, sunbirds, monitor lizards, Bar-bellied Cuckoo-shrikes, Leopard cats, and the brown weaver ant. Some of the endangered and rare animals are Tarictic Hornbills, Philippine Spotted Deers, Visayan Warty Pigs, Philippine Tube-nosed Fruit Bats, and Negros Bleeding-hearts.

</doc>
<doc id="18997411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997411" title="K. Kunhambu">
K. Kunhambu

K.Kunhambu (2 July 1919 – 24 April 2004) was born in North Malabar, Panoor. His date of birth is 2 July 1919, according to school records. He was an active participant in India's Freedom Struggle in its later decades.
Early life.
Being a student in Malabar region during the 1930s, he was much aware of the political scenario of the region and the Indian Nation as well. Realizing the students' role in it, as a student he himself joined in the political activities of the congress party in the region. In 1939 he passed his Eighth Class and started his career as a Teacher-untrained. During this period he was an active worker and coordinator of the Khadi Development Program of the congress party in the region.
An active youth.
K. Kunhambu was very active in the Malabar region of Southern India during the Quit India Movement of 1942. By the middle of the year 1942 he was taking the role of a revolutionary activist and coordinated such activities in the region. On 2 September 1942 he was arrested and sentenced for two months imprisonment and was sent to kannur central jail and was released on 10 November 1942. 
In the year 1943 he was busy with the Grama Seva Sangham activities as an Executive Committee member of the same. When there was the terrible attack of Cholera in Malabar region during the Monsoon season of 1943, K. Kunhambu and these activists coordinated the Cholera Relief Activities in the region which was a huge effort for them. 
He was arrested by the British Indian police as he had presided the banned 12th Meeting of Akhila Kerala Congress held at Maananchira Square, Calicut, on 26 January 1944. As a result he spent 3 years in Alipore Central Jail as a political prisoner (admitted as 9218 C class prisoner on 30 January 1944).
After independence.
After India achieved her independence he led his life following Gandhian principles and worked as a teacher and one of the Social reformers of Sarvodaya Movement in a remote village named Perur in a rural area of South Malabar near Ottappalam.
He was a teacher in Gandhi Seva Sadan, Perur. (It was founded in 1953 by the (late) Gandhian and freedom fighter K. Kumaran in the present form. A prototype of which had been existent since 1945 and K. Kunhambu came to Perur to join with the organisation in April 1948.)
With Bhoodan movement.
During the time of Bhoodan Movement led by AacharyaVinoba Bhave, he actively participated in it and worked for the welfare of the poor landless people in the remote villages in Bihar.
After his return from Bihar, in Kerala, he participated in Mr Sankara Rao's Kerala Bhoodana Padayaathra.
Death.
Brahmasri K. Kunhambu died on 24 April 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18997417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997417" title="Avery Depot">
Avery Depot

The Avery Depot in Avery, Idaho was built by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (also known as The Milwaukee Road) in 1909 as part of its Pacific Extension into the Pacific Northwest from Chicago, Illinois. 
The depot is a rectangular single story wood-frame building built in the Craftsman style. At one end is the passenger waiting area with a freight room at the other end. The station agent's office and lunch room ("beanery") are located between the two. 
When the railroad went bankrupt in the 1980s, the depot was sold to the town of Avery for use as a community center.
The depot was added to the National Register of Historic Places due to its association with the Great Fire of 1910 as an evacuation site.

</doc>
<doc id="18997430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997430" title="American Association of Poison Control Centers">
American Association of Poison Control Centers

The American Association of Poison Control Centers (AAPCC) is a national voluntary health organization founded in 1958 that represents the nation’s 57 poison centers. The AAPCC supports poison centers in their public health mission to prevent poisonings, provide education, conduct scientific research and treat individuals exposed to poisoning from medications, environmental events, plants, animals, and household products or toxins. The AAPCC also supports the efforts of poison centers and interested individuals to reduce morbidity and mortality from unintentional poisonings. The AAPCC sets standards for poison center operations and certifies specialists in poison information who are available 24/7 to respond to public, health-care provider and emergency medical service personnel requests for assistance. In addition, the AAPCC maintains the National Poison Data System, the only poison information and surveillance database in the United States.
Poison Centers.
United States poison centers compose a remarkable nationwide medical calls system. A single toll-free telephone number immediately connects a caller to a specialist in poison information anywhere in the U.S. at any time, day or night. A board-certified toxicologist can be reached within a few moments to provide confidential, expert medical advice to people who have been exposed to a poison. This extraordinary system is maintained by the voluntary cooperation of the 57 member organizations of the AAPCC.
1-800-222-1222.
The 24-hour national toll-free Poison Help line provides immediate poison information and emergency instructions to all callers regardless of health insurance, immigration status, or language preference from any U.S. telephone or cell phone. Calls are answered by physicians, nurses and pharmacists with highly specialized training in poison management. Poison center services are accessible to all populations, including under-served and undocumented groups, those speaking one of 150 languages and those utilizing telecommunication devices for the hearing impaired (TDD/TTY). More than 70 percent of all cases received by poison centers can be safely and effectively treated at home, without need for further medical care.
Cost Savings for the Health-Care System.
Substantial cost savings have been attributed to poison center reductions in unnecessary emergency department (ED) care through accurate assessment and triage of poisoning exposures. The public health and cost benefits from poison center pre-hospital management of patients not needing ED visits favorably impacts the self-pay or copaying general public, the health-care institution supporting the costs of indigent care, the commercial insurance companies and governmental health-care funding agencies. Poison centers assess and manage more than 70 percent of poison exposures over the phone, eliminating the need for callers to seek further medical care. This reduction in medically unnecessary ED visits decreases hospital overcrowding and minimizes unnecessary ambulance runs, freeing critical emergency staff to handle true emergencies more effectively.
National Poison Data System (NPDS).
The AAPCC owns and manages a large database of information from all poison exposure and information case phone calls to all poison centers across the country. It is the only near real-time, comprehensive poisoning surveillance database in the United States.
NPDS holds more than 50 million poison exposure case records, with more than 2 million new records added each year. It is also a robust and modern system – holding technical medical information that is searchable in many ways. NPDS contains exposure cases dating back to 1985. Today, information and exposure case data is continually uploaded to NPDS from all the poison centers in near “real time.”
NPDS can:
Key regulatory agencies that rely on NPDS data: 
NPDS data is also frequently used by pharmaceutical manufacturers.

</doc>
<doc id="18997441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997441" title="Trey Moore">
Trey Moore

Warren Neal "Trey" Moore III (October 2, 1972 in Houston, Texas), is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched parts of three seasons in the major leagues, between and , for the Montreal Expos and Atlanta Braves. He also played three seasons in Japan, from until , for the Hanshin Tigers and Orix BlueWave.

</doc>
<doc id="18997457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997457" title="Amanda Mabro">
Amanda Mabro

Amanda Mabro (born April 30, 1980, Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a singer-songwriter.
Her longtime musical collaborator and producer is Rick Coluccio.
Amanda Mabro has performed at numerous event including July 7, 2008 at Festival International de Jazz de Montreal,
2008 saw Amanda and her band perform several concerts including two at the Cabaret Juste Pour Rire in Montreal, as well as an overseas date in December 2008 in Brussels, Belgium at the famed "La Monnaie" Opera House.
Amanda's video, "Nuit Blanche" has garnered Canada-wide airplay on MuchMusic in Canada.
Amanda has produced "The WAWA Show (We Are Women Artists) in Montreal since 2003.
Amanda Mabro and her band are part of the 2010 the Osheaga Music and Arts Festival, as well as the Montreal Jazz Festival in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Amanda & her band have been active since 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18997464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997464" title="Sport Mastermind">
Sport Mastermind

Sport Mastermind is a British television quiz show first broadcast by BBC television in July and August 2008. The show is a spin-off of the long running quiz show "Mastermind" and is themed on sport. Veteran TV sport presenter Des Lynam was the host and question-master, with the show itself titled "Des Lynam's Sport Mastermind" in many TV listings.
Format.
The format of the show was nearly identical to that of "Mastermind", using the same famous theme music and black chair. Contestants answered two minutes of questions on a sport-related specialist subject followed by two minutes of questions on general sport knowledge. The contestant with the highest total score was the winner of the heat. Whereas in Mastermind heat winners advanced to a semi-final round and then to the final, Sport Mastermind used a leaderboard system with the 6 highest-scoring heat winners advancing to the Grand Final.
Winners.
The first champion and Sport Mastermind 2008 was Chris Bell from Kent, who took The British and Irish Lions as his specialist subject in his heat and The Life and Career of Geoff Boycott in the Grand Final.

</doc>
<doc id="18997470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997470" title="Winsor Township">
Winsor Township

Winsor Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18997481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997481" title="Ryūsei no Kizuna">
Ryūsei no Kizuna

Episodes.
It was broadcast in Taiwan through Videoland Japan on Monday through Friday from August 3 to 14, 2009. It is broadcast in the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico through TV Japan, US affiliate of NHK, on every Saturday from October 10, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18997496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997496" title="Adhikarichaur">
Adhikarichaur

Adhikarichaur is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,389 and had 1021 houses in the town.It contains the Shiba Primary School.

</doc>
<doc id="18997515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997515" title="Hazel Crest (Metra station)">
Hazel Crest (Metra station)

Hazel Crest is a station on Metra's Metra Electric Line located in Hazel Crest, Illinois. The station is located at Park Avenue and 170th St. Hazel Crest is from Millennium Station, the northern terminus of the Metra Electric Line. In Metra's zone-based fare system, Hazel Crest is located in zone E. The station consists of an island platform which serves the Metra Electric Line's two tracks. There is a waiting room with a ticket vending machine at Hazel Crest.
Bus connections.
Pace

</doc>
<doc id="18997521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997521" title="Dave Coggin">
Dave Coggin

Dave Coggin (October 30, 1976 in Covina, California) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Philadelphia Phillies. 
Personal life.
Coggin lives with his wife Joanna and their golden retriever, "Huey Lewis", in Rancho Cucamonga, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18997537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997537" title="Amalachaur">
Amalachaur

Amalachaur is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,055 and had 943 houses.
On 10 November 2005, at midnight, an educator at Prithvi Higher Secondary School was kidnapped by suspected Maoists in Amalachaur. As of 2 December 2005, the victim was still being held in captivity.
Geography and economy.
Amalachaur is located at an altitude of 1100 metres and covers an area of 35 hectares. The village itself, lies on the western bank of the Kali Gandaki River. Approaching Amalachaur requires walking for an hour from Kusma along a mule trail. The economy is mostly based around agriculture and is farmed by 102 households (625 people). As in the neighbouring irrigated communities, the vast majority of farmers are of Brahmin, muslims descent. The average landholding size is 0.34 ha, slightly below average for Baglung district which is 0.41 ha. The 1–2 km irrigation system in Amalachaur, fed by the Dhapa River, a tributary of the Kali Gandaki, is crucial for the livelihoods of the people and was built over a hundred years ago. In 1992-1993, Dhaulagiri Irrigation Development Project improved this system. The main crops grown are maize and paddy, and to a lesser extent, potatoes and vegetables. The closest market centre is at Kusmi Sera or Kusma, which the villagers of Amalachaur are largely dependent on for services.

</doc>
<doc id="18997538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997538" title="William Sproston Caine">
William Sproston Caine

William Sproston Caine (26 March 1842 – 17 March 1903) was a British politician and Temperance advocate. 
Caine was born at Seacombe, Cheshire, and was the eldest surviving son of Nathaniel Caine, a metal merchant from Cheshire, and was educated at private schools in Egremont, Merseyside and Birkenhead before entering his father's business in 1861. In 1864 he was made a partner, before moving to Liverpool in 1871. Public Affairs soon began to occupy large amounts of his attention, and he left the firm in 1878.
After his retirement from his father's company he retained the directorship of the Hodbarrow Mining Co. Ltd, Millom, and he secured the controlling interest in the Shaw's Brown Iron Co., Liverpool, leaving the management of the concern in the hands of his partner, Arthur S. Cox. The business collapsed in 1893, leaving large amounts of debt which were honourably discharged, but Caine's resources were afterwards largely devoted to paying off the mortgage which he raised to meet the firm's losses.
Caine was brought up as a Baptist under the ministry of Hugh Stowell Brown, whose daughter Alice married Caine in 1868; they had two sons and three daughters. He soon after became interested in the Temperance Movement, and joined the Liverpool Temperance and Band of Hope Union, also becoming chairman of the Popular Control and License Reform Association. In 1873 he was elected vice-president of the United Kingdom Alliance. He was also president of the Baptist Total Abstinence Society, the Congregational Temperance Society, the British Temperance League, and the National Temperance Federation.
Caine first became interested in running for parliament in 1873 to advance his Temperance views, and unsuccessfully contested Liverpool in 1873 and 1874 for the Liberal Party. In 1880 he was returned for Scarborough and, identifying with the extreme radical side, began pushing his views on Temperance onto the house of commons. In 1884 he was made Civil Lord of the Admiralty in succession to Thomas Brassey, retaining his seat in parliament through the necessary by-election but losing in the 1885 general election.
In 1886 he was returned for Barrow-in-Furness after a by-election, and played an active part in organising the Liberal Unionist Party, which was nicknamed the "Brand of Caine" as a result. Caine was appointed Chief Whip for the Liberal Unionists, but his extreme temperance views soon damaged the Unionist alliance with the Conservative Party. After the passing of a scheme compensating holders of extinguished public-house licences Caine resigned as Whip and his position in the house in protest, running for reelection through a by-election as an Independent Liberal, but was defeated. 
In 1892 he was again elected for Bradford East but lost his seat at the 1895 election. His daughter Hannah married John Roberts, 1st Baron Clwyd in 1893. Caine reentered the House in 1900 for Camborne. Parliamentary activities exhausted his health, and after a trip to South America in 1902 failed to restore it he died of heart failure in 1903 in Mayfair aged 60.
Due to his opposition to alcohol he was praised by Gandhi.

</doc>
<doc id="18997539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997539" title="LSR Group">
LSR Group

LSR Group (), is a Russian real estate development, construction and building materials company, one of the leaders in the real estate and building materials in Russia. The company is headquartered in St. Petersburg. The total number of employees is about 16,000 people (2011).
Shareholders and management.
As of 31 December 2010, Streetlink Ltd. had 62.2% of the company’s shares. The company’s top management owned 7.6%, 30.2% was in free float.
History.
The company was founded in 1993. The company’s name derives from LenStroyRekonstruktsiya.
LSR Group is an open joint stock company, and is a 100% owner of its major subsidiaries and companies.
In November 2007 the company offered 12.5% of its share capital for trading at the London Stock Exchange and MICEX through IPO having raised US$772 million. After the offering, the company’s capitalization amounted to $6.8 billion. 
In April 2010 the company offered 10% of its share capital for trading at the London Stock Exchange and MICEX through SPO having raised US$398.1 million (including expenses for the offering).
Major acquisitions and foundation of companies.
1993–1994
1997
1999
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007–2008
2010
2011
Business operations.
As of April 2011, LSR Group included Business Units for production and transportation of building materials, extraction and processing of aggregates, real estate development and construction. 
The company concentrates its business in the three key regions: St. Petersburg and the Leningrad region, Moscow and the Moscow region, Yekaterinburg and the Urals.
Current projects.
Construction of the new brick plant in Nikolskoye, the Leninngrad region with the annual production capacity of 220 million items. The total amount of investment into the project is around RUB 10.2 million (including VAT).

</doc>
<doc id="18997540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997540" title="Lemont High School">
Lemont High School

Lemont High School, or LHS, is a public four-year high school located in Lemont, Illinois, a south-western suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States. It is the only school of Lemont Township High School District 210, which serves the Village of Lemont and small portions of Woodridge and Downers Grove.
History.
Early beginnings.
An old surviving document shows graduates in 1891, although Lemont High School was not officially formed until 1906, when five students (four girls and one boy) began meeting for class in the school building located at 410 McCarthy Road. The high school leased three rooms in the building at a rate of $500 per year. The original building is now used for condominiums, but the Central Elementary school is still connected to the East end of the building.
Building history.
By 1925, after many failed attempts, an building was finally constructed at 800 Porter Street, where the school is located to this day. The original building cost $125,000 to build and included eight classrooms, a library, a science lab, a home economics room, and a gymnasium.
Expansion for growth.
Student enrollment almost doubled during the 1950s, which in turn led to three expansionary construction projects. Among the new additions were an gymnasium (completed in 1950), and worth of classroom additions (completed by 1959). By the end of the decade, the school was equipped with wood, metal, industrial arts, and electrical shops.
Tornado damage in the 1970s.
After occupying since the late 1920s, Lemont High School expanded to by 1967, with a significant portion of that land being used for athletic facilities. A $1.1 million project was completed in 1971, which added a new auditorium, kitchen, locker rooms, and more. On June 13, 1976, the school suffered nearly $500,000 in tornado damages. Shortly thereafter, the community passed a bond to rebuild.
Growth in the 1990s.
The student population at LHS began to climb in the 1990s, which resulted in yet another expansion in 1997. The $24.5 million project added a three-story classroom addition and a fieldhouse, essentially doubling the building’s square footage to 300,000. A unique parking facility was also built as part of the expansion to help ease severe parking problems for students and staff.
Also in the late 1990s, filming took place at Lemont High School for the movie Save the Last Dance. The school was depicted as the main character's Midwestern high school. Portions of the front of the high school were shown during the beginning of the movie along with the main staircase inside the school. Other areas throughout the town were also shown in the movie.
Sports complex.
Lemont High School’s facilities expanded off campus in 2003 with the completion of the Lemont High School Athletic Complex, located at 131st Street and Bell Road. The facility serves as home to the school’s baseball, soccer, and softball teams.
2006 expansion.
With student enrollment continuing to grow each year, Lemont High School has undergone further expansion recently. In 2005, the community passed a $29.6 million referendum allowing the school to start an expansion which included a new and improved auditorium, approximately 30 new classrooms, a new wood shop, a turf football field with improved lighting and expanded audience seating, an expanded cafeteria area, additional parking, safety upgrades, and much more. Construction started in early 2006. The new addition of 30 classrooms as well as the football stadium enhancements were completed before the start of the 2007 school year. Construction on the new auditorium (now called the Performing Arts Center) was completed in March 2008. Other areas of the school, mainly parking lots and roads, were completed in the summer months of 2008.
The expansion included features that would benefit every Lemont High School student:
Currently, the school covers of land. It continues to stand where it was originally built over 80 years ago. The 2006 construction project, which lasted nearly two years, was named the K-12 Education "Project of the Year" in Midwest Construction magazine's "Best of 2008" competition
Academics.
On average, 85 percent of Lemont High School graduates continue their education by enrolling in a post-secondary institution after receiving their diplomas. Lemont High School has made Adequate Yearly Progress under the No Child Left Behind Act eight times in as many years, and consistently scores above the state average on the Prairie State Achievement Exam (PSAE), which all juniors must take each year.
Lemont High School's enrollment of nearly 1,500 students can choose from more than 175 course offerings in eight departments, and also has access to classes at the Wilco Area Career Center in Romeoville, Illinois.
For the 2007-2008 school year, Lemont High School had average Prairie State Achievement Examination (PSAE) scores of 161 in Reading, 162 in Mathematics, and 163 in Science. The school graduated 96.0% of its senior class. The average class size was 20.2. The school achieved Adequate Yearly Progress on the Prairie State Achievement Examination, a state test part of the No Child Left Behind Act. The school spent an average of $15,679 per student for the school year. The collective performance of the Class of 2009 on the PSAE landed Lemont High School on the Chicago Tribune's list of the top 50 high schools in the Chicago area for 2008.
The school's academic standing improved in the 2008-2009 school year with average PSAE scores of 163 in Reading, 163 in Mathematics, and 164 in Science. Lemont High School again achieved Adequate Yearly Progress with 73.6% of students meeting or surpassing standards. 96.2% of the school's senior class graduated. For the year, the school's average class size was 17.8.
In 2010, Lemont High School ranked 49th in Chicago Tribune's list of "Top Chicagoland High Schools" with 69.2% of the school's members of the Class of 2011 meeting or exceeding standards on the PSAE. This marked the third straight year that LHS ranked on the list.
During the 2010-2011 school year, average PSAE scores were 162 in Reading, 163 in Mathematics, and 164 in Science. For the second time in as many years, the school failed to achieve Adequate Yearly Progress. The school graduated 91.2% of its senior class.
Departments.
The Academic Departments at Lemont High School are:
Athletics.
Lemont competes in the South Suburban Conference (SSC) and is a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA), which governs most sports and competitive activities in the state. Teams are stylized as the Indians (see "Naming controversy").
The school sponsors interscholastic teams for young men and women in bowling, basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, tennis, track & field, and volleyball. Young men may compete in baseball, football, and wrestling, while young women may compete in cheerleading and softball. While not sponsored by the IHSA, the school's athletic department also sponsors a poms team.
The school's teams have finished in the top four of the following IHSA sponsored state championship tournaments or meets:
Naming controversy.
Lemont High School's teams had been known as the "Injuns" since the 1960s, when an athletic director christened the school with the name to distinguish it from the many others using Native American names as their team name. In 2005, after seeking community input, the school board opted to change the name used by school teams to the "Titans". After a new school board was voted into power in the spring of 2005, the school removed the Titans name, and changed the name to "Indians".
Activities and Clubs.
Extra-curricular opportunities are available to each student. In order to keep the system of verifying eligibility manageable, the Illinois High School Association guidelines for athletics are used as a basis for eligibility for all extra-curricular activities at Lemont High School. Extra-curricular activities at Lemont High School are placed into three classifications: Clubs, Competitive Extra-Curricular Activities, and Co-Curricular Activities.

</doc>
<doc id="18997546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997546" title="Edward Stickles">
Edward Stickles

Edward "Ted" Stickles (born April 7, 1942) is an American competition swimmer and former world record-holder. He set many swimming records and was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1995. He was inducted into the Indiana University Hall of Fame in 1998.
Stickles swam with Doc Councilman's Indiana University swim team from 1962 to 1965. At one point during his career, he and his roommate, Hall of Famer Chet Jastremski, held a total of seven world records. Ted broke a total of nine world records in the individual medley in the early 1960s.
His sister, Terri Stickles, was an Olympic swimmer. Unfortunately, Ted developed tendinitis in his elbow and missed making the 1964 Olympic team. They would have been the first brother and sister to make an Olympic team.
Stickles was the swimming coach for the University of Illinois and Louisiana State University. He now resides in Louisiana.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18997548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997548" title="Amarbhumi">
Amarbhumi

Amarbhumi is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,248 and had 409 houses in the village. It has been reported that the villagers of Amarbhumi VDC in Baglung district have changed their village's name to Mulabari (meaning radish farm).

</doc>
<doc id="18997549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997549" title="Northview High School (Johns Creek, Georgia)">
Northview High School (Johns Creek, Georgia)

Northview High School is located in Johns Creek, Georgia, U.S.A. The school is a part of the Fulton County School System.
History and background.
Two of its many notable achievements is earning the Governor's Cup in 2004, 2005, and 2006, which was presented by Sonny Perdue for the largest numerical improvement in SAT scores. Also, the school was named "The Number One School in Atlanta" by Atlanta Magazine. Northview High School is a noted feeder school with many of its graduates seeking admission into top tier universities in the state, such as University of Georgia, Emory University and Georgia Institute of Technology. Northview sends many students to out-of-state top tier universities each year.
Northview is a School of Excellence and, as of 2007, holds 2nd place for overall SAT scores (1st place for the math section) in the State of Georgia. The school accepts students from River Trail Middle School. Northview used to accept students from Autrey Mill Middle School, but with the opening of Johns Creek High School in fall 2009, Autrey Mill students feed to Johns Creek.
Athletic achievements include the 2003 Boys Golf State Champions, 2005 Ice Hockey State Champions, Roller Hockey State Champions, Volleyball State Champions, and the 2006 Girls Golf, Boys Tennis State. In 2007, Northview came to win 4 AAAAA state championship titles in Girls Swim and Dive, both boys and girls Golf, boys Tennis, and Volleyball. The 2007 Girls Lacrosse team was also the state runner-up. The JROTC Titan Battalion also placed First in the drill nationals in 2007. The Titans also won the 2007 Class AAAAA Volleyball Title after defeating Kennesaw Mountain in the finals. The Northview ladies Volleyball would also become the state champions in the fall semester of 2008. In the spring semester of 2008, the Varsity Boy's Soccer team reached the first round of the state playoffs for the first time in school history, while Northview's Varsity Boy's Basketball team reached the Elite Eight under Coach Steve Bombard. 
Northview's colors are Navy Blue and Silver. Peter Zervakos was Northview's principal when it opened its doors in 2002 and retired at the end of the 2008-2009 school year. While it may seem that the Titan was designated by Zervakos due to his Greek heritage, the fact that the school's symbol is the thunderbolt is contradictory; in Greek Mythology, Zeus slaughtered the Titans with the thunderbolt. 
The Northview Chamber Orchestra was invited to perform at the Georgia Music Educators' Association Conference in Savannah, GA in January 2004 and again in January 2008, the prestigious Midwest Clinic in Chicago, IL in December 2004 and again in 2010, and was also chosen to represent the State of Georgia for Mozart's 250th Anniversary Celebration in Salzburg, Austria; Vienna, Austria; and Prague, Czech Republic in April 2006. The Chamber Orchestra also performed in Chicago at the 2010 National School Board Association Conference.
The Northview Drumline received a superior rating at the GBP (Georgia Bandmasters Program) in 2007. They also ranked 2nd in the AAAA division. Their Colorguard also received a superior rating.
Student body.
The demographics at Northview are diverse, as Northview has a large population of East Asians and Indians. Northview also hosts an International Night each fall where students perform dances, play music, and cook foods representative of the diverse heritage within the student body. 
Athletics.
Northview currently competes in Region 5-AAAAA and has since 2008.
In 2010 Northview hosted the playoffs of the Southeastern Lacrosse Conference.
As of 2010, Northview is in Region 7-AAAAA along with the teams of Alpharetta, Roswell, Milton, Centennial, North Forsyth, and West Forsyth. The sports that they play include football, basketball, baseball, softball, tennis, lacrosse, volleyball, track, cross country, and golf. Their geographical rivals are Chattahoochee High School and Johns Creek High School. 
Northview High School also has a selection of great feeder teams. Their 8th Grade Jr. Titans football teams have won state championships in 2008, 2010, and 2011. Their lacrosse team also made the semi-finals of the lacrosse playoffs before losing to state champs, Walton, by a last second goal.

</doc>
<doc id="18997555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997555" title="King of Egypt and the Sudan">
King of Egypt and the Sudan

King of Egypt and the Sudan () was the title used by the Egyptian monarch from 16 October 1951 until the abolition of the monarchy on 18 June 1953. 
In 1951, the Egyptian Parliament amended the Constitution by Law 176 of 16 October 1951 to provide that the title of the King should be "King of Egypt and the Sudan" instead of "King of Egypt, Sovereign of Nubia, Sudan, Kordofan, and Darfur". This move came in the wake of Wafdist Prime Minister Nahhas Pasha's decision to unilaterally abrogate the Anglo-Egyptian Treaty of 1936. The change in King Farouk I's title was intended to further Egypt's claims over the Sudan, which had been an Anglo-Egyptian condominium since 1899.
The title had long been used by Egyptian nationalists to emphasize their desire for the unity of the Nile Valley. For instance, expatriate Egyptian students in France greeted Farouk I during his 1937 tour of Europe by proclaiming "Long live the King of Egypt and Sudan". A Member of Parliament is also reported to have cried out "Long live His Majesty, King of Egypt and Sudan!" during Farouk I's coronation ceremony. However, the title had no legal standing prior to 1951, and Farouk I was officially "Sovereign of the Sudan" (not King) until the Wafdist government's decision to change his title. The title "King of the Sudan" was merely ceremonial, as the Egyptian King did not exercise effective control over Sudan, which was administered by the United Kingdom. The British objected to the title and did not recognize it, claiming that Egypt needed to respect the Sudanese people's right to self-determination. Many other countries also refused to recognize Farouk I as "King of the Sudan", notably the United States, as well as the Vatican.
The only other monarch to officially use the title "King of Egypt and the Sudan" besides Farouk I was his infant son Fuad II. The title was used very briefly, as the Egyptian monarchy was abolished on 18 June 1953. Despite its short-lived existence, the title was used as an overprint on numerous Egyptian postage stamps. Many of the currently surviving stamps featuring Farouk I's portrait thus bear the Arabic inscription "King of Egypt and the Sudan".

</doc>
<doc id="18997559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997559" title="Thomas Allen (Wisconsin politician)">
Thomas Allen (Wisconsin politician)

Thomas Scott Allen (July 26, 1825–December 12, 1905) was a politician from Mineral Point, Wisconsin who also served as a colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He was nominated and confirmed for appointment to the brevet grade of brigadier general of volunteers in 1866.
Background.
Thomas Scott Allen was born in Andover, New York on July 26, 1825. He attended Oberlin College.
Public office.
He served in the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1857, replacing Democrat Richard M. Smith in representing the new 2nd Iowa County district (Mineral Point, Mifflin, Linden and Waldwick). He was succeeded by fellow Republican Levi Sterling (Sterling, like Smith, was also from Mineral Point).
Civil War.
During the American Civil War, Allen served as a colonel in the 5th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment. He was mustered out of the volunteer service on August 2, 1864. On January 13, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Allen for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general of volunteers to rank from March 13, 1865, and the United States Senate confirmed the appointment on March 12, 1866.
After the war.
Allen served as the state's ninth Secretary of State for two terms from January 1, 1866 to January 3, 1870. He was a Republican and served under Governor Lucius Fairchild.
Allen died at Oshkosh on December 12, 1905 and was buried at the Riverside Cemetery in Oshkosh.

</doc>
<doc id="18997567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997567" title="Argal, Nepal">
Argal, Nepal

Argal is a Village Development Committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. It is located roughly 25 kilometres west of Baglung. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,148 and had 387 houses in the village.
In recent years, Argal has been subject to numerous attacks and trouble with Maoist rebels. On March 18, 2002 it was reported that three terrorists were killed in the Argal area of Baglung district.

</doc>
<doc id="18997585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997585" title="Wisner Township">
Wisner Township

Wisner Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18997586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997586" title="Arjewa">
Arjewa

Arjewa is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="18997601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997601" title="Woodbridge Township">
Woodbridge Township

Woodbridge Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18997602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997602" title="Baskot">
Baskot

Baskot is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,562 and had 675 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18997612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997612" title="List of Till Death Us Do Part episodes">
List of Till Death Us Do Part episodes

This is an episode list for the BBC television sitcom "Till Death Us Do Part" by Johnny Speight, broadcast between 22 July 1965 and 3 April 1992, including "Till Death..." and "In Sickness and in Health".
"Till Death Us Do Part".
Earlier episodes were produced in black-and-white; all episodes after Series 3 are in colour. The original videotapes of nearly all episodes prior to Series 4 were wiped, although complete or partial recordings of some episodes have been found. Recordings exist of all episodes from Series 4 and later. 
Series 4.
This series was released in the UK as "The Complete 1972 Series" by Network DVD. 
Series 5.
This series was released in the UK as "The Complete 1974 Series" by Network DVD. 
"Christmas Night with the Stars".
"Christmas Night with the Stars" was a special screened annually on Christmas night, in which the top stars of the BBC appeared in short—typically five- to ten-minute—versions of their programmes. "Till Death Us Do Part" was among the programmes featured in the 1967 and 1971 specials. No recordings of either of these two segments are known to exist. 

</doc>
<doc id="18997616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997616" title="Walton-DeFuniak Library">
Walton-DeFuniak Library

Walton-DeFuniak Library is an historic library located at 3 Circle Drive, in DeFuniak Springs, Walton County, Florida in the United States. Opened in 1887, it is the oldest continuously run library in the state. It is a contributing property in the DeFuniak Springs Historic District.
In 1989, the library was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.
History.
After the Chautauqua association had their first session in DeFuniak Springs, locals realized there was a need for library resources to support it. Local woman raised 580 dollars in 1886-7 to build the library, and land on Lake DeFuniak for an annual rent of 25 cents. The library opened by the end of 1887. The name was changed in 1975 to the Walton-DeFuniak library. In 1984, a rear section was added which blends architecturally with the original hardware-frame building.
Weapons collection.
The library is also home to a collection of arms and armor owned originally by Palmer College's Professor Kenneth Bruce. He left the collection to the college in his will. When the college closed in the 1930s, the city became the recipient of the collection, which later gave it to the library. A large number of the weapons are European and from the era of the Crusades. There are also others from the Orient, as well as Kentucky muskets from the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18997760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997760" title="Brian Powell">
Brian Powell

William Brian Powell (October 10, 1973 – October 5, 2009) was a Major League Baseball pitcher from Bainbridge, Georgia, who played in the majors from to for the Detroit Tigers, Houston Astros, Philadelphia Phillies, and San Francisco Giants. In , he pitched a no-hitter for the minor league baseball team, New Orleans Zephyrs, then the Astros Triple-A team. In , he played again for the Zephyrs, then the Triple-A affiliate of the Washington Nationals. He played collegiate baseball for the University of Georgia and led the Southeastern Conference in strikeouts during the 1995 season.
Death.
He died on October 5, 2009, in Tallahassee, Florida, of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.

</doc>
<doc id="18997761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997761" title="Batakachaur">
Batakachaur

Batakachaur is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,142 and had 794 houses in the village.
The town is predominantly Hindu but in 1991, 122 Buddhists registered in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18997772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997772" title="Woodstock Township">
Woodstock Township

Woodstock Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18997774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997774" title="Thomas Nash">
Thomas Nash

Thomas Nash (baptised 20 June 1593 – died 4 April 1647) was the first husband of William Shakespeare's granddaughter Elizabeth Barnard. He lived most of his life in Stratford-upon-Avon, and was the dominant male figure amongst Shakespeare's senior family line after the death of Dr. John Hall, Shakespeare's son-in-law, in 1635.
Birth.
Nash was baptised at the parish church of the Holy Trinity in Stratford-upon-Avon and entered in the register as “Thomas filius Anthonij Nash generosi”, i.e. “Thomas, son of Anthony Nash gentleman”. His mother's maiden name was Mary Baugh and she came from Twyning, near Tewkesbury in Gloucestershire. His father Anthony, a friend of Shakespeare and farmer of his tithes, was born in Old Stratford.
Life.
Nash entered Lincoln's Inn, one of the four Inns of Court in London, on 15 May 1616 at the age of 13, and was called to the bar on 25 November 1623, but there's no evidence that he ever went on to practice law. The "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography" says that he may however have taken over a rôle that his father held in being an agent for Sir John Hubaud, a High Sheriff of Warwickshire; but Sir John Hubaud died in 1583, ten years before Thomas was born.
When Thomas's father died in 1622, he was bequeathed properties in Stratford: the Bear Inn (opposite the Swan) and a house in Bridge Street, and a piece of land called “the Butt Close by the Avon” where burghers used to shoot at archery butts. Thomas was an executor to his father's will. It appears that Thomas held on to the Bear Inn: his father-in-law, Dr. John Hall, once treated someone that he called one of Thomas's servants “lying at the Bear”, presumably indicating that he was a publican or worker at that inn. Hall's first treatment for the poor heavily jaundiced servant elicited “seven Vomits”, and this and a series of further treatments “cured him perfectly”.
Nash was part of the 1633 trimvirate, along with John Hall and the vicar of Harbury Richard Watts, that was to oversee the wranglings associated with Thomas Quiney and his lease on a house called The Cage. Nash apparently lived in the house now known as Nash's House, before moving in with his mother-in-law next door at New Place after the death of Dr. Hall in 1635. Nash is known to have been a declared royalist, a supporter of Charles I and indeed a donor to the king's cause to the tune of £100, which may have led to Queen Henrietta Maria and the king's entourage staying with Thomas and his family at New Place in July 1643.
According to Charlotte Carmichael Stopes, Nash's coat of arms was emblazoned “double quarterly of four, First, 1 and 4 argent on a chevron between three ravens' heads erased azure, a pellet between 4 cross-crosslets sable, for Nash; 2 and 3 sable a buck's head caboshed argent attired or, between his horns a cross patée, and across his mouth an arrow, Bulstrode. Second, 1 and 4, for Hall, 2 and 3 Shakespeare”.
Marriage.
Nash married Elizabeth Hall, Shakespeare's granddaughter, on 22 April 1626 at Holy Trinity church in Stratford-upon-Avon. Thomas de Quincey conjectured that this date was chosen to celebrate the birthday of Elizabeth's famous grandfather, who was baptised on 26 April, and whose birthday is traditionally celebrated on 23 April. Being 32 years old at the time of the marriage, Nash was 14 years older than his 18 year old bride. They had no children, and Elizabeth was the last direct descendent of Shakespeare.
Death.
Thomas Nash died in 1647, at the age of 53. In the will that he made on 20 August 1642 he bequeathed memorial rings (a common practice at the time) to Thomas and Judith Quiney, Shakespeare's son-in-law and daughter. Less straightforwardly, he also bequeathed property that did not belong to him, for example leaving New Place, the property of his mother-in-law Susanna Hall, to his cousin Edward Nash. Indeed, Nash even refers to Susanna in a letter as “Mrs. Hall, my mother-in-law, who lives with me”. Susanna successfully retained the house, which Shakespeare had bought in 1597, after some legal wrangling.
Nash was buried in the chancel of Holy Trinity, immediately to the left of Shakespeare's as one faces the altar. To be accorded this honour required some kind of position recognised by the church as fitting, such as holding parish tithes. His burial inscription and epitaph reads:
His widow Elizabeth remarried two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="18997777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997777" title="Jardine Paper">
Jardine Paper

The Jardine Paper was the proposal sent by Dr. William Jardine to Lord Palmerston to guide the British government in its plans to wage war with China which eventually was called the First Opium War.
The actual strategy of Britain in the First Opium War very much mirrored the details of the Jardine Paper.
No copy of the Jardine Paper is currently available but a letter from William Jardine to James Matheson dated December 19, 1839 is almost exactly the same as the Jardine Paper:

</doc>
<doc id="18997778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997778" title="Bhakuride">
Bhakuride

Bhakunde is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,833 and had 697 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18997780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997780" title="Llywelyn Breese">
Llywelyn Breese

Llywelyn Breese was a politician from the U.S. state of Wisconsin. He served as that state's tenth Secretary of State, serving for two terms from January 3, 1870 to January 5, 1874. He was a Republican and served under governors Lucius Fairchild and Cadwallader C. Washburn.
He resided in Portage, Wisconsin at the time of his election.

</doc>
<doc id="18997782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997782" title="Albania–Turkey relations">
Albania–Turkey relations

Albanian–Turkish relations are foreign relations between Albania and Turkey. Relations have traditionally been friendly due to cultural and historical factors. Albania has an embassy in Ankara and a general consulate in Istanbul. Turkey has an embassy in Tirana.
Both nations are predominantly Muslim and are both part of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation. They are also full members of NATO and the Union for the Mediterranean. Also Turkey is an EU candidate and Albania is a potential candidate.
Turkey has about 1.3 million citizens of full or partial Albanian descent, and most still feel a connection to Albania. There is also a strong Turkish minority in Kosovo, a country which is predominantly Albanian. The bond between these two nations stems from historical reasons, especially since many Albanians embraced Islam, the official religion of the Ottoman Empire.
Albania was the last nation in southeastern Europe to claim independence from the Ottoman Empire, on 28 November 1912. To this day, relations between the two countries are stable, with Turkey being one of the first countries to recognize Kosovo, and with polls showing that Turks are one of the best-received ethnic groups in Albania.
As of 2 February 2010, citizens can visit either country and stay for up to 90 days without visas or any fee.
In November 2012 Albanian-Turkish relations have fluctuated negatively after Albanian vote for the motion granting Palestine non-member observer state status. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan tried but failed to convince Albania to abandon plans to abstain on a vote to upgrade Palestine’s status at the United Nations and vote “yes” instead, according to daily "Hürriyet". Erdoğan told reporters earlier that he had personally called the leader (Sali Berisha) of an unnamed country (Albania) to discuss their planned abstention vote despite their previously positive attitude. Erdoğan then said the world “heavily consisted of cowards." Albania, the country Erdoğan reportedly targeted his criticism at, changed its vote from “no” to an abstention following heavy pressure from Ankara, but refused to vote “yes,” Hürriyet reported. 
Erdoğan reportedly pressured Albanian Prime Minister Sali Berisha, saying an abstention "means a vote of no." "I told them that this would upset the bilateral relations we have, and that it would upset us too," Erdoğan said.

</doc>
<doc id="18997783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997783" title="Rebecca Quinn">
Rebecca Quinn

Rebecca Quinn (born May 24, 1971) is an American professional racing cyclist from Quakertown, Pennsylvania.
Quinn finished third in the 2007 UCI Track Cycling World Championships - Women's Scratch but was relegated as she had made contact with another rider during the sprint finish.
Quinn took USA Cycling to arbitration in a Colorado Springs courtroom on July 9, 2008, after she was not selected as part of the squad for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She claimed that Sarah Hammer was selected in her place due to favoritism as Hammer is engaged to be married to the team coach, Andy Sparks. Although the court did not find in her favor, they did order USA Cycling to pay the costs as the actions of their coaches had caused legitimate doubt over the fairness of any rider being selected.

</doc>
<doc id="18997791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997791" title="Bhimgithe">
Bhimgithe

Bhimgithe is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,459 and had 781 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18997801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997801" title="2000–01 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals">
2000–01 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals

The 2000–01 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals took place in Gothenburg, Sweden from 4 to 8 January 2001. Helsingfors IFK won the EuroFloorball Cup after defeating Haninge IBK 2–0.
The tournament was known as the 2000–01 Men's European Cup, but due to name implications, is now known as the 2000–01 Men's EuroFloorball Cup.
External links.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18997810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997810" title="Roberto Tamburini">
Roberto Tamburini

Roberto Tamburini (born 15 January 1991 in Rimini) is an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He currently races in the Supersport World Championship for San Carlo Pucetti Racing aborad a Kawasaki ZX-6R. He has competed in the 125cc class of the Grand Prix Motorcycle World Championship. In 2010 Tamburini raced full-time in the Supersport class of the Italian national championship (CIV), winning the title by 4 points. He also took part in some World Supersport races, the Coppa Italia Yamaha R6 Cup and the Italian Superstock Championship.
Supersport World Championship.
Tamburini made his Supersport World Championship debut at the 2010 Misano round, taking 3rd on the grid and 5th place in his first race in the championship, missed the next round but returned the Silverstone round. He qualified 4th on the grid, after a good start at the first corner he was clipped by championship challenger Joan Lascorz, causing Tamburini to be catapulted off his bike and into the fence between Copse and Maggotts corners.
Tamburini was lucky to have only broken a Collar bone, Lascorz also suffered a concussion in the accident. He returned for the last three races, scoring three 9th places. With 5 races in total, he finished the championship in 14th position with 32 points. He decided to join the Supersport World Championship full-time in 2011, he remained with his team that he won the Italian CIV Supersport with; Bike Servie R.T aboard a Yamaha YZF-R6. He finished the season in 9th overall with a best result of 4th at Silverstone. He joined Team Lorini for the 2012 Supersport World Championship season and rode a Honda CBR600R, he finished 12th in the standings with two 4th places at Imola and Misano. He left Team Lorini and signed to race for Suriano Racing Team to ride a Suzuki GSX-R600 for the 2013 season. He left the team after the Monza round and later re joined Team Lorini to ride a Honda again from the Moscow round onwards.

</doc>
<doc id="18997816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997816" title="Lake Hartwell State Recreation Area">
Lake Hartwell State Recreation Area

Lake Hartwell State Park, formerly known as Lake Hartwell State Recreation Area, is a park located in Oconee County, South Carolina, near the community of Fair Play. The park was created in 1976, the majority on land leased from the United States Army Corps of Engineers with a small portion of land purchased from various private owners.
The park has 14 miles of shoreline on Lake Hartwell. Two boat ramps provide boaters access to the lake. While the park focuses on fishing and boating, it also has a playground, areas for picnicing, hiking trails and sites for camping. Two cabins are also available for rental throughout the year. An information center features a display of vintage fishing equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="18997819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997819" title="Vollintine Hills Historic District">
Vollintine Hills Historic District

Vollintine Hills Historic District is a historic district located in the Midtown area of Memphis, Tennessee, notable for its cohesive collection of 78 post-World War II Minimal Traditional and ranch-style houses built around a former synagogue. "The neighborhood represents the efforts of members of an Orthodox religious group to accommodate their beliefs by developing a synagogue and housing for the congregation within easy walking distance.”
Added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007, the area also includes the former site of the Baron Hirsch Synagogue, built in two phases—1950-52 and 1955-57—in the International Style and set on a site at the southwest corner of the district.
When it was completed in 1957, the main sanctuary of the synagogue was the largest in the United States, according to the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America.
Houses within the district are largely “intact and homogeneous building stock constructed between 1946–1957” in conjunction with the synagogue, and are within walking distance of the former synagogue. They originally served to house its orthodox Jewish congregation." The district has been singled out for its unity by both “its historic building stock and contiguity to the former synagogue.”
Vollintine Hills is notable as a clearly definable geographic area, whose physical development, “defined by the needs of a religious community,” is “readily distinguishable from surrounding properties.”
Although the synagogue was vacated in 1984 and moved to a new location farther east in Memphis, the original building still stands and in 1992 was sold by the congregation to the Gethsemane Garden Church of God in Christ. The historic area “continues to be a viable area today, adapting to changing times and needs.”
Vollintine Hills is located approximately four miles east of the downtown Memphis central building district in the northern section of the Midtown area, and is roughly bounded by Vollintine Avenue, Brown Avenue, McLean Boulevard, and Evergreen Street.
Recent events.
In 2008, a controversial proposal to build a multistory 117-unit apartment development on of land behind the former synagogue site was rejected by the Memphis City Council. Fearing that the project would “affect the integrity of the Vollintine Hills” historic district and “destabilize the neighborhood,” residents of the Vollintine Hills neighborhood had vigorously opposed the development, which was part of a proposal by the Gethsemane Garden Church of God in Christ, which purchased the former synagogue in 1992. The Memphis City Council sided with Vollintine Hills residents, ultimately upholding a 1947 covenant covering the kind of housing allowed in the neighborhood, restricting it specifically to single-family houses on individual lots. Parts of the covenant read, “All lots in the subdivision shall be described as residential” and “No construction other than single-family dwellings shall be built and none over two stories.”
Residents of the area had united for several months, voicing their concerns that the development would affect the integrity of the historic district by introducing a high occupancy structure into the district of single-family homes which mark its character and for which it was cited for inclusion in the NRHP. Increased traffic, parking, and environmental impact were also issues of concern.
Residents intensified their efforts after an initial approval of the project by the Memphis Land Use Control Board despite their opposition.
Project developers had altered their plans repeatedly in response to the concerns by neighbors about the size and design of the proposed development, scaling back the original proposal.
Local news coverage took note of the Vollintine Hills community’s highly organized opposition and efforts to preserve the character of their historic neighborhood, characterizing the district as “a middle-income area of 50- to 80-year-old homes on the National Register of Historic Places that is vigorously maintained by some of the most diligent neighborhood activists in town.”

</doc>
<doc id="18997825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997825" title="Peter Doyle (politician)">
Peter Doyle (politician)

Peter Doyle was a politician from the U.S. state of Wisconsin. He served as that state's eleventh Secretary of State, serving for two terms from January 5, 1874 to January 7, 1878. He was a Democrat and served under governors William Robert Taylor and Harrison Ludington. He also served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from Crawford County, Wisconsin in 1873.
He resided in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin at the time of his election.

</doc>
<doc id="18997827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997827" title="Bhimpokhara">
Bhimpokhara

Bhimpokhara is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,907 and had 545 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18997828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997828" title="Gary Rajsich">
Gary Rajsich

Gary Louis Rajsich (born October 28, 1954) is an American Major League Baseball scout and a former professional baseball outfielder. He played all or part of four seasons in the Majors from until , then played three additional seasons for the Chunichi Dragons from until . On November 28, 2011, he was named director of amateur scouting by the Baltimore Orioles.
Gary is the brother of former major league pitcher Dave Rajsich, with whom he played for the St. Petersburg Pelicans of the Senior Professional Baseball Association in . He also has scouted for the Boston Red Sox (1994–2006), Texas Rangers (2007–2009), and Toronto Blue Jays (2010–2011).

</doc>
<doc id="18997838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997838" title="Bihunkot">
Bihunkot

Bihunkot is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,575 and had 1071 houses in the town.
Location.
It is approximately 17 Kilometers from the Baglung Bazzar(city). The lifestyle here is rural. The majority peoples here are Brahmins, mixed with Newars and other caste peoples. Means of transportation for the people here is by foot and due to the recent concstuction of Highway along the path, people are using buses and jeeps when it comes to long distance travel. But the roads are not back tarred so it is still dangerous to travel in rainy season. Although, the situation is getting better as the construction is going on, it is not as expected. It is a cold place, located above 2000 meters from sea level and hence falls on Mountainous region. The Natural beauty stuns anyone visiting.

</doc>
<doc id="18997845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997845" title="Brian Tollberg">
Brian Tollberg

Brian Patrick Tollberg (born September 16, 1972 in Tampa, Florida) is a retired Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from –. He played for the San Diego Padres.
Tollberg began his career with Chillicothe in the independent Frontier League before signing with Milwaukee in 1995. He was the first player to make it to the Major Leagues from the Frontier League and the league's version of the Cy Young Award is named after him. He made it to the majors in June 2000 with San Diego and finished with a 4–5 record with a 3.58 ERA. He earned National League Player of the Week honors his first week in the Major Leagues. The following season he won 10 games with a 4.30 ERA before being injured. He played two more seasons for the club.
He later played in the Colorado Rockies and Houston Astros organizations at Triple-A level and also pitched in the independent Atlantic League of Professional Baseball in 2008.
He is active in youth baseball and has served as Director of Player Development for Palma Ceia Little League in Tampa, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="18997847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997847" title="Binamare">
Binamare

Binamare is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,288 and had 467 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18997851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997851" title="Gunaah">
Gunaah

Gunaah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18997853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997853" title="Willie Barrett">
Willie Barrett

Willie Barrett is an Irish hurling referee. A native of Ardfinnan, County Tipperary he was one of the sport's top referees and has officiated at several All-Ireland finals in minor, under-21 levels, and two senior finals in 1994 and 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18997854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997854" title="Olive-backed Forest Robin">
Olive-backed Forest Robin

The Olive-backed Forest Robin (Stiphrornis erythrothorax pyrrholaemus) is a subspecies of the Forest Robin found in the Gamba Complex in southwest Gabon. It was described in 2008. The Olive-backed Forest Robin can be separated from other subspecies of the Forest Robin by the combination of its olive upperparts, bright orange throat and chest, and cream-yellow belly. Its song is also distinct from other subspecies of the Forest Robin. Females are generally duller than males. It has not been evaluated by IUCN, but has been described as locally common.
Though this subspecies was described recently, a juvenile appears to have been collected on 11 November 1953 in Tchibanga, Gabon. The specimen is deposited in the Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle in Paris. Its identity was confirmed by comparison of the DNA sequences.
Taxonomy.
All taxa within the genus "Stiphrornis" were considered part of a single species, "S. erythrothorax", until 1999, when it was argued, based on the phylogenetic species concept, that all then-recognized taxa should be considered monotypic species. The split was not followed in Handbook of the Birds of the World, where it was described as ""perhaps premature"". Comparably, the BirdLife Taxonomic Working Group (and consequently IUCN) recommended not following the split, as differences in plumages are relatively small, genetic sampling was considered incomplete, and evidence for intergradation or parapatry is lacking. Based on mtDNA, "S. pyrrholaemus" is placed within "S. erythrothorax sensu lato", and consequently is considered a species (rather than a subspecies of "S. erythrothorax") only if at least some of the taxonomy recommended in 1999 is followed. The genetic divergence between "S. pyrrholaemus" and other members of the genus is comparable to that between some other closely related species.

</doc>
<doc id="18997859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997859" title="Boharagaun">
Boharagaun

Boharagaun is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,984 and had 1065 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18997865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997865" title="Bowang, Nepal">
Bowang, Nepal

Bowang is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,920 and had 992 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18997881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997881" title="Bungadovan">
Bungadovan

Bungadovan is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,537 and had 904 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18997885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997885" title="Laurens Meintjes">
Laurens Meintjes

Laurens Schmitz Meintjes (9 June 1868–30 March 1941) was a South African track cyclist and winner of the inaugural stayers contest at the 1893 ICA Track Cycling World Championships in Chicago. Meintjes was born in Aberdeen and died in Potgietersrust.

</doc>
<doc id="18997891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997891" title="Piedimonte">
Piedimonte

Piedimonte may refer to several places of Italy:

</doc>
<doc id="18997894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997894" title="Giovanni Valentini (classical era composer)">
Giovanni Valentini (classical era composer)

Giovanni Valentini (ca. 1730 – 1804) was an Italian classical era composer, poet and painter. He is best remembered for his innovative instrumental music. Among his many works are two operas, "La statua matematica" and "Le nozze in contrasto", the latter of which premiered at the Teatro San Moisè, Venice, in November of 1774. 

</doc>
<doc id="18997895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997895" title="Burtibang">
Burtibang

Burtibang or Burtiwang is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,014 and had 1175 houses in the town.
Media.
Radio: To Promote local culture Burtibang has two Community radio Station. one is Radio Dhorpatan F.M 104.1 MHz and other is Radio Paribartan - 91 MHz. 

</doc>
<doc id="18997913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997913" title="Hans Warner">
Hans Warner

Hans B. Warner was a politician from the U.S. state of Wisconsin. He served as that state's twelfth Secretary of State, serving two terms from January 7, 1878 until January 2, 1882. He was a Republican and served under Governor William E. Smith.
He resided in Ellsworth, Wisconsin at the time of his election.

</doc>
<doc id="18997926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997926" title="Gumrah">
Gumrah

Gumrah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18997933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997933" title="The Sorcerer's Apprentice (1955 film)">
The Sorcerer's Apprentice (1955 film)

"The Sorcerer's Apprentice" (1955) is a short film made by Michael Powell for Norddeutscher Rundfunk (NDR) West German television.
It is the Goethe story made famous by Walt Disney's animated film Fantasia where Mickey Mouse runs amok as the Sorcerer's Apprentice. But here it is presented as a ballet performed by the Frankfurt Opera with Sonia Arova as the solo dancer. There are other character dancers appearing as various items and creatures and of course the Sorcerer himself. But none of these are named on the credits and nobody has managed to find out who they were, as yet. The English-language narrator is also uncredited.
Production.
The original apparently ran for about 30 minutes. But the only version that seems to exist is this 13 minute version. There are probably lots of small cuts rather than any big ones because the bulk of the story appears to be there although some of the cutting seems a bit choppy.
Michael Powell was brought in to direct it for his old friend Hein Heckroth. Heckroth had already done the design and set everything up so Powell doesn't appear to have had much input.

</doc>
<doc id="18997944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997944" title="LSG2">
LSG2

LSG2 is the second and final studio album by R&B group LSG. It was released on July 28, 2003 by Elektra Records. 
Track listing.
yeahh

</doc>
<doc id="18997962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997962" title="Move San Diego">
Move San Diego

Move San Diego is a nonprofit organization focused on improving transportation in San Diego County, California.
Mission statement.
Organize and serve a broad collaboration of people and organizations to prioritize, fund, and implement sustainable, healthy, convenient transportation and related land use solutions that get people and goods wherever they are going, on time, throughout the San Diego region.
History.
Move San Diego was formed in January 2004 by citizens, environmentalists, bicyclists, pedestrians, property developers, and transportation experts to build broad support for sustainable transportation systems and land-use policies in the San Diego region (roughly, San Diego County).
The organization expanded its board of directors in early 2008 to add representation from the business community and strengthen collaboration with relevant government agencies. Board members include:
Activities.
Initial work focused on grassroots organizing, and commissioning professional engineering and economic studies to identify opportunities to expand San Diego's rapid-transit system.
Move San Diego has expanded its work to include collaboration with relevant government agencies; collaboration with employers and land developers; creation of a local transportation-related news service; convening of meetings on transit issues; and provision of a speakers' bureau to provide presentations on all these topics.
Related organizations.
Transit in the San Diego region, as in most regions, is controlled primarily by government agencies. These include the San Diego Association of Governments, the North County Transit District, and the San Diego Metropolitan Transit System.
San Diego area environmental organizations support transit-oriented land development, reduced sprawl, and/or increased use of mass transit. For example, a member of the San Diego Sierra Club executive committee formerly served on Move San Diego's board of directors and edits the Move San Diego news service.
San Diego area large employers, large retailers, business associations, and property-development organizations have spoken on the importance of transit improvements to their business. For example, executives from residential developer Black Mountain Ranch and shopping-center firm Westfield Group serve on Move San Diego's board of directors.

</doc>
<doc id="18997965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997965" title="Dirk Hayhurst">
Dirk Hayhurst

Dirk Von Hayhurst (born March 24, 1981) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher who is now an author and broadcaster.
Early life.
Dirk attended Canton South High School in Canton, Ohio. Hayhurst played college baseball for four seasons from – for Kent State University and played with the Bethesda Big Train in .
Professional career.
Baseball.
San Diego Padres.
He was selected by the San Diego Padres in the 8th round of the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft. He was called up from the Triple-A Portland Beavers and made his major league debut on August 23, , for the San Diego Padres against Barry Zito and the San Francisco Giants at AT&T Park in San Francisco, California.
Toronto Blue Jays.
He was claimed off waivers by the Toronto Blue Jays on October 6, 2008, but was released four months later before the season started, and re-signed to a minor league deal. On June 2, 2009, Hayhurst's contract was purchased by the Blue Jays from their triple-A affiliate, the Las Vegas 51s.
Hayhurst missed the entire 2010 season while on the disabled list following surgery on his right shoulder. He was sent outright to the minors following the season.
Tampa Bay Rays.
Prior to the 2011 season, Hayhurst signed a minor league contract with the Tampa Bay Rays with an invitation to spring training. Hayhurst was interviewed by Frank Stasio for North Carolina Public Radio's "The State of Things" on June 27, 2011 about his time playing for the Durham Bulls. He was later released from his contract on August 29, 2011.
Broadcasting.
After his release from Tampa, Hayhurst began to appear regularly as a "baseball insider" on TSN Radio 1050. 
On June 8, 2012, Hayhurst announced that he signed with Rogers owned Sportsnet 590 The Fan to co-host "Baseball Central" alongside Sam Cosentino, starting July 3, 2012.
Hayhurst continued to work for Sportsnet during the 2013 season. During Spring Training, he worked as a colour analyst on radio and web broadcasts. He has performed colour analyst duties on radio broadcasts when Jack Morris was either off or working on television.
Hayhurst was hired by TBS as a TV studio analyst for the 2013 MLB postseason.
Controversy.
On May 1, 2013, Hayhurst accused Boston Red Sox pitcher Clay Buchholz of cheating. Hayhurst claimed that he observed Buchholz "loading the ball" by using Crisco or sunscreen to change the movement of the ball. Buchholz and the Red Sox responded by claiming the substance seen on his arm was rosin, used legally to aid the grip of a pitcher. 
On July 4, J. P. Arencibia responded to Hayhurst's criticism of his defensive play, as well as his struggles at the plate during the first half of the season. Arencibia commented, in regards to Hayhurst and Gregg Zaun, that "...speaking for myself and the team, there's not one person in our clubhouse that respects those guys". Arencibia went on to say that Hayhurst was a "below-average player" during the time they spent in Triple-A.
In an October 5, 2013 broadcast following Game 2 of the American League Division Series between the Tampa Bay Rays and the Boston Red Sox, Hayhurst and fellow commentator Tom Verducci criticized Rays pitcher David Price for his performance in the game, in which Price gave up nine hits and seven earned runs in seven innings as the Rays lost to the Red Sox. Price responded via Twitter: "Dirk Hayhurst...COULDNT hack it...Tom Verducci wasn't even a water boy in high school...but yet they can still bash a player...SAVE IT NERDS". Price apologized the next day.
Personal life.
He was well known for his popular 'Non-Prospect Diary' for "Baseball America" and he has also contributed numerous articles to his hometown newspaper, "The Repository".
His book about his time in the minor leagues, "The Bullpen Gospels", was published on March 30, 2010 by Citadel Press, an imprint of Kensington Books. Keith Olbermann plugged the book on MSNBC's Countdown with Keith Olbermann, saying it "might be one of the best baseball books written in forty years." "The Bullpen Gospels" debuted on the Paperback Non-fiction New York Times Best Sellers List at #19.
His second book, "Out Of My League", was published by Citadel Press in 2012. His third book, "Wild Pitches", was released in 2013. It consisted of stories cut out of "Out of My League." His fourth book, "Bigger Than the Game: Restitching a Major League Life", was released February 25, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18997973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997973" title="Lake DeFuniak">
Lake DeFuniak

Lake DeFuniak is a lake in DeFuniak Springs, Florida, United States, at the center of the DeFuniak Springs Historic District.
Lake DeFuniak is one of the two almost perfectly round circular spring-fed lakes in the world. [http://www.defuniaksprings.net/index.aspx?NID=890]

</doc>
<doc id="18997974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997974" title="Lanier High School (Austin, Texas)">
Lanier High School (Austin, Texas)

Sidney Lanier High School was established in 1961 as the sixth high school in the Austin Independent School District and was originally located in the building which is now Burnet Middle School. Lanier is named in honor of the famous Confederate soldier and southern poet Sidney Lanier. The current campus, opened in 1966, is located on Payton Gin Road. In 1997, Lanier was nationally recognized as a Blue Ribbon School, the highest honor a school could receive at the time. When first opened, Lanier had virtually an all Caucasian student base with a highly active FFA Chapter, but over the years it has grown into a primarily Mexican-American school with close to 85% of its students being Latino.

</doc>
<doc id="18997976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997976" title="Chhisti">
Chhisti

Chhisti is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,236 and had 1024 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18997982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997982" title="Daga Tumdada">
Daga Tumdada

Daga Tumdada is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,874 and had 897 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18997988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997988" title="Ernst Timme">
Ernst Timme

Ernst G. Timme was a politician from the U.S. state of Wisconsin. He served as that state's thirteenth Secretary of State, serving four terms from January 2, 1882 to January 5, 1891. He was a Republican and served under governors Jeremiah McLain Rusk and William D. Hoard.
He resided in Kenosha, Wisconsin at the time of his election.

</doc>
<doc id="18997992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997992" title="Levert.Sweat.Gill">
Levert.Sweat.Gill

Levert.Sweat.Gill is the debut studio album by R&B group LSG. It was released on November 11, 1997 by East West Records.
The album includes contributions from guest producers including Sean "Puffy" Combs ("You Got Me") and Jermaine Dupri ("Where Did I Go Wrong"). The Lox, Faith Evans, Coko, Missy Elliott, LL Cool J, Busta Rhymes, MC Lyte and Jazze Pha make guest appearances on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18997993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997993" title="Ralph Etherton">
Ralph Etherton

Ralph Humphrey Etherton (11 February 1904–10 December 1987) was a British barrister and Conservative politician.
He was the son of Captain Louis Etherton. He was educated at the University of Cambridge, and was called to the Bar in 1926.
He became involved in Conservative politics, failing to win a parliamentary seat at Everton, Liverpool in 1935. In 1937 he unsuccessfully stood for election to the London County Council as a Municipal Reform Party candidate. In 1939 an election was caused by the death of the Member of Parliament (MP) for Stretford, with Etherton being elected to the seat. 
Etherton joined the Royal Air Force, rising from the rank of Pilot Officer to Flight Lieutenant. On 15 December 1944, he married Johanne Cloherty in the crypt chapel of the House of Commons. He met his future wife while she was Charles de Gaulle's diplomatic driver.
He lost his parliamentary seat at the 1945 general election. He retired from active politics and pursued a career in business. He died in December 1987, aged 82.

</doc>
<doc id="18997994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997994" title="Barry Kelly (referee)">
Barry Kelly (referee)

Barry Kelly (born 1970) is an Irish hurling referee. Born in Mullingar, County Westmeath, he has become one of the top referees over the last few years and has officiated at several All-Ireland finals in minor, under-21 and senior levels. He is a member of the St. Oliver Plunkett's club in Mullingar.
Kelly has refereed three All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Finals - 2006, 2008 and 2012.
He has twin sons. His wife Catherine died after a brief illness at St. James's Hospital in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18997996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18997996" title="Legal transplant">
Legal transplant

The term legal transplant was coined in the 1970s by the Scottish-American legal scholar W.A.J. 'Alan' Watson to indicate the moving of a rule or a system of law from one country to another (A. Watson, "Legal Transplants: An Approach to Comparative Law", Edinburgh, 1974). The notion of legal transplantation is diffusionism-based and according to this concept most changes in most legal systems occur as the result of borrowing. As maintained by Watson, transplantation is the most fertile source of legal development.
Laws are commonly inspired by foreign policies and experiences. Regardless of the academic discourses on whether legal transplants are sustainable as a notion in the legal theory, they are common practice. Nevertheless, the degree to which new laws are inspired by foreign examples can vary. A frequent and often justified criticism is that imported laws are not suited for a certain local context.
German jurist Friedrich Carl von Savigny and his historical school of jurisprudence, which was inspired by the 19th-century Romanticism, have notably promoted the origins of the German people and their distinctive ethos, or Volksgeist (“the spirit of a people”). Savigny’s school of legal thought expressed the need of legal change to respect the continuity of the Volksgeist offering a pre-Darwinian concept of juristic evolution. However, this concept of juristic evolution did not leave much space for notions such as legal transplants and the diffusion of law. More recently, Pierre Legrand is one of the strongest opponents of legal transplants.
Today, legal transplants are often mentioned in the broader process of diffusion of law or legal acculturation. J.W. Powell is credited with coining the word “acculturation”, first using it in an 1880 report by the US Bureau of American Ethnography. He explained that this term refers to the psychological changes induced by cross-cultural imitation. In a broader context, such notion is by many contemporary scholars applied to legal thought. The diffusion of law is a process of legal change in today’s age of globalization. Studies on diffusion of law are notably a new area of research in the 21st century.

</doc>
<doc id="18998002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998002" title="Damek, Nepal">
Damek, Nepal

Damek is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,824 and had 1072 houses in the town.
Damek is largest V. D. C. in Baglung District. It is situated in a hilly area.

</doc>
<doc id="18998013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998013" title="Darling, Dhawalagiri">
Darling, Dhawalagiri

Darling is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="18998021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998021" title="Devisthan, Baglung">
Devisthan, Baglung

Devisthan is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,151 and had 1247 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998033" title="Dhamja">
Dhamja

Dhamja is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,571 and had 497 houses in the village.Only some basic developmental infrastructure are on its way to Dhamja. Most people are dependent to the traditional agriculture for their living. Millet, Barley, Rice, Wheat and different kind of seasonal fruits and vegetables are the major crops. The foreign remittance is also considered as one of the major source of income for the people living there.
References.
Khadka master is the person who was founder of the primary school in majkatera,Dhamja.He is retired and living in peacfull life after giving sufficient education to the people who belong to remote village like majkatera.
Every one or two persons from a bhandari and khadka family from majkatera are in Indian military and nepali too.the center of dhamja vdc is sayakatera and there are mainly three cast Ale magar,Chhantyal and chhettri 

</doc>
<doc id="18998037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998037" title="Dhullu Gaidi">
Dhullu Gaidi

Jaidi Dhullu is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="18998041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998041" title="Thomas Cunningham">
Thomas Cunningham

Thomas Jefferson Cunningham (1852–1941) was a politician from the U.S. state of Wisconsin. He served as that state's fourteenth Secretary of State, serving two terms from January 5, 1891 to January 7, 1895. He was a Democrat and served under Governor George Wilbur Peck.
He resided in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin at the time of his election. He also served as Mayor of Chippewa Falls and was in the Wisconsin State Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="18998042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998042" title="Gregor Tomc">
Gregor Tomc

Gregor Tomc also known as Grega Tomc (born 3 February 1952) is a Slovenian sociologist, musician and activist. In the late 1970s and 1980s, he was the founder and member of the Slovenian punk rock band "Pankrti". 
Biography.
Tomc was born in Ljubljana, Slovenia, then part of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. He is the younger half-brother of the columnist and historian Alenka Puhar. Their mother Helena Puhar was a renowned pedagogue and a partisan veteran from Kranj, who was a grandnephew of the photographer Janez Puhar, inventor of glass photography.
Tomc spent his high school years in New York City, where he became a fan of Bob Dylan and developed an interest in rock'n'roll music. He studied sociology at the University of Ljubljana. In 1977 he founded, together with his friend Pero Lovšin, the punk rock band "Pankrti". He wrote almost all the lyrics of the group and for ten years he worked as their unofficial manager. Under the impression of the Helsinki Accords, he founded the association People for a Free Society in order to promote the notion of personal freedoms in the socialist society in Slovenia. 
In 1982, he became a researcher in the Institute for Sociology of the University of Ljubljana, where he was the co-worker of the philosopher Slavoj Žižek. Together with fellow sociologists Frane Adam and Pavle Gantar, he formed a working group within the Institute for the study of contemporary subculture movements in Slovenia and Yugoslavia. He wrote in many Slovenian alternative and critical magazines, such as "Problemi", "Nova revija" and "Mladina". During the Slovenian Spring (1988–1990), Tomc was active in many political and civil society organizations participating in the democratization process in Slovenia, most notably the Committee for the Defence of Human Rights. In 1987, he was one of the 16 co-authors of the manifesto called "Contributions for a Slovenian National Program" published in the 57th issue of the journal "Nova revija". In 1989, he was among the co-founders of the Social Democratic Party of Slovenia, but never actively participated in it. In the first free elections in 1990, Tomc unsuccessfully ran for the Slovenian Parliament as an independent candidate.
Since the 1990s, he has been working as a lecturer at the Faculty of Social Sciences of the University of Ljubljana. During all this period, he wrote essays and columns on contemporary political and social issues. Between 2004 and 2008, Tomc was an outspoken critic of the cultural policies of the centre-right Slovenian government led by Janez Janša. He entered active politics during the municipal elections of 2006, when he was elected to the Ljubljana city council on the List of Zoran Janković. He was an advisor for culture to Zoran Janković.
Work.
Gregor Tomc was, together with Frane Adam, one of the first Slovenian and Yugoslav sociologist to study the phenomena of contemporary social movements, with an emphasis of youth subcultures. He later turned to the study of cognitive psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="18998052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998052" title="Dhullubaskot">
Dhullubaskot

Dhullubaskot is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="18998054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998054" title="Oxanamide">
Oxanamide

Oxanamide (Quiactin) is an anxiolytic and muscle relaxant which can produce sedative and hypnotic effects in sufficiently high doses. An uncontrolled trial on patients treated in a clinical gynecology practice published in 1959 found that oxanamide was efficacious in the treatment of anxiety resulting from premenstrual syndrome, menopause, and various other causes, with minimal sedation or other side effects.

</doc>
<doc id="18998055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998055" title="Kevin Hansen">
Kevin Hansen

Kevin Christopher Hansen (born March 19, 1982) is an American volleyball player. He made his Olympic debut at the 2008 Summer Olympics with the U.S. national team.
Personal life.
Hansen was born and raised in Newport Beach, California. He attended high school at Corona del Mar and was named the California Interscholastic Federation (CIF) Most Valuable Player in 2000 and led the volleyball team to the CIF Division I Championship the same season.
Hansen is a type I diabetic, first diagnosed when he was 10 years old, and must shoot up with needles at least four times a day.
College.
Hansen continued on to Stanford University from 2000-2005 (as he redshirted his freshman year), and majored in economics.
He finished his career third on Stanford's list of career leaders with 5,036 assists, thus becoming just the third player in Stanford men's volleyball history to eclipse 5,000 career assists. He was an American Volleyball Coaches Association (AVCA) First-Team All-American as a fifth year senior in 2005.
U.S. national team.
Hansen joined the U.S. national team in June 2005, primarily as the backup setter to veteran Lloy Ball.
International competition.
In 2008, he played at the FIVB World League, where Team USA won the gold medal. In 2007, he participated in Americas' Cup, earning a gold medal, the Pan American Games, earning a silver medal, and the FIVB World League, earning a bronze medal. His first major international competition was in 2005 at the World University Games.
Olympics.
Hansen made his Olympic debut at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18998057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998057" title="Diarmuid Kirwan">
Diarmuid Kirwan

Diarmuid Kirwan is an Irish hurling referee. A native of Ballyskenagh, County Offaly he currently lives in Ovens, County Cork where he played hurling with the local Éire Óg club. 

</doc>
<doc id="18998058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998058" title="Dudhilamati">
Dudhilamati

Dudhilamati is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,203 and had 801 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998060" title="Croatia–Kosovo relations">
Croatia–Kosovo relations

Croatia–Kosovo relations are the bilateral relations of Croatia and the Republic of Kosovo. Croatia became the thirty-first country to recognise Kosovo on March 19, 2008, and established diplomatic relations on June 30, 2008. Croatia has upgraded its liaison office in Pristina to an embassy. Current Croatian Ambassador to Kosovo is Zlatko Kramaric. In order to enhance the bilateral cooperation, Kosovo has opened an embassy in Zagreb, capital of Croatia. Current Kosovo Ambassador to Croatia is Valdet Sadiku.
Military.
Croatia currently has 20 troops serving in Kosovo as peacekeepers in the NATO led Kosovo Force.
ICJ.
Croatia is to support Kosovo at the International Court of Justice's oral debate on the legality of Kosovo's independence.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="18998061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998061" title="Beer in the Philippines">
Beer in the Philippines

Beer in the Philippines is produced by two breweries: San Miguel Corporation, which produces San Miguel Pale Pilsen, and Asia Brewery, the second-largest brewery in the country.
Beer is the most consumed alcoholic beverage in the Philippines and amounts for a 70% share of the domestic alcoholic drinks market in terms of volume during 2005. Between 2003 and 2004, the Philippines showed the fastest growth rate in the world of 15.6%. With a consumption rise from 1.22 to 1.41 million liters, it was the 22nd largest beer market in the world in 2004. A Filipino will drink an average of nearly 20 litres of beer a year.
History.
Under a royal grant from Spain, Enrique Barretto y de Ycaza opened "La Fabrica de Cerveza de San Miguel", Southeast Asia's first brewery, on September 29, 1890 at 6 Calzada de Malacañan in Manila, near the Malacañan Palace, the then-residence of the Governor-General of the Philippines. The trade-name San Miguel, originates from the local brewery of San Miguel, Barcelona, Spain. He named the company after the section of Manila in which he lived and worked.
Barretto was soon joined by Pedro Pablo Roxas, who brought with him a German brewmaster, Ludwig Kiene, as technical director. San Miguel's brew won its first major award at 1895's Philippines Regional Exposition. After six years of operation, the fledgling brewery was outselling imported brands five to one. At the outbreak of World War I, San Miguel was exporting its beer to Hong Kong, Shanghai and Guam. The company was incorporated in 1913.
Economy.
In general the alcoholic drinks market in Philippines showed a dramatic volume growth in 2007 and beer was a large contributor to that growth. The major beer producer, San Miguel Corp, developed a strong marketing campaign to increase drinking by consumers in the Philippines. San Miguel Corp continued to be the leading player and the key manufacturer in 2007, with the smaller and emerging brewers trying to grab a share of the market. Domestic beer remained one of the most popular alcoholic drinks in 2007 and sari-sari stores and independent food stores continued to be the main outlets. There are also establishments that are called "beerhouses" which could be described as a cross between a bar and a restaurant. Consumption and sales of alcoholic drinks in the Philippines are projected to expand positively during 2008. With increasing disposable incomes, a young demographic population will evolve. This, together with the emerging influence of Western drinking and pub culture, will collectively act to positively increase alcoholic drinks in the country. In terms of types of alcoholic drinks, beer and spirits will continue to comprise the largest volumes.
San Miguel Corp expects to raise up to $616 million from selling shares of its flagship domestic beer group in the first half of 2008.
In 2011, San Miguel Corp accounted for 88 per cent of domestic beer sold in the Philippines.
Companies.
San Miguel Corporation.
San Miguel Corporation is southeast Asia's oldest and largest brewer. 

</doc>
<doc id="18998073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998073" title="Gwalichaur">
Gwalichaur

Gwalichaur is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,907 and had 699 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998075" title="Telephone numbers in Monaco">
Telephone numbers in Monaco

Country Code: +377<br>
International Call Prefix: 00<br>
Trunk Prefix: none
Telephone numbers in Monaco are eight digits in length, with fixed line numbers beginning with the digit 9 and mobile phone numbers with the digit 4.
Until 21st June 1996, Monaco formed part of the French numbering plan, with fixed line numbers beginning with 93, but in that year the principality adopted its own country code +377. Consequently, all calls between France and Monaco had to be dialled in international format, including those to and from surrounding areas in France. 
In addition, +377 has been used by mobile phone operators in other countries, such as Lonestar Cell in Liberia and Vala in Kosovo,

</doc>
<doc id="18998078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998078" title="Diocese of Nusco">
Diocese of Nusco

Diocese of Nusco was a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Campania, southern Italy, existing until 1986. In that year it was united into the archdiocese of Conza-Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi-Bisaccia, to form the Archdiocese of Conza-Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi-Nusco-Bisaccia. It was a suffragan of the archdiocese of Salerno.
History.
Nusco is in the province of Avellino. The diocese dates from the eleventh century. Among its bishops were
In 1820 the diocese of Montemartino was united to Nusco. St. John, a Benedictine (1084) was the first Bishop of Montemartino; forty of his successors are known.

</doc>
<doc id="18998093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998093" title="Ran Kadoch">
Ran Kadoch

Ran Kadoch (, "pronounced Rahn KAH-DOHsh"; born 4 October 1985) is an Israeli professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Maccabi Kiryat Malachi.
Career.
Kadoch has played for clubs in the both the Liga Leumit and Liga Artzit in his native Israel. Kadoch holds a French passport, allowing him to play in Europe without counting against the foreign player limit. After a trial at Oldham Athletic and an initially unsuccessful trial with the Bees he finally signed in August 2008. Kadoch made the unusual choice of the number 55 squad number at Barnet, the number 5 being considered lucky in Judaism. However, The Football League does not allow squad numbers over 50 so this was changed to 25.
Kadoch made his debut appearance for Barnet in the Football League Trophy where Barnet lost to Dagenham & Redbridge 4–2. He played 12 league games for the Bees before being released at the end of the season.
On 5 July 2009 Kadoch penned a one year deal with Bnei Yehuda.
On July 2011 Kadoch penned a deal with Hapoel Haifa.

</doc>
<doc id="18998100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998100" title="Harichaur">
Harichaur

Harichaur is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="18998102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998102" title="A Police Superintendent Accuses">
A Police Superintendent Accuses

A Police Superintendent Accuses () is a 1973 Romanian crime drama film by Sergiu Nicolaescu. The film is based on a true event, the Jilava Massacre which took place during World War II.
Plot.
The main character, police superintendent Moldovan, is responsible for investigating an organized massacre at the Viraga prison. In the massacre political opponents of the fascist regime of 1940 were killed, including a group of communist activists.

</doc>
<doc id="18998104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998104" title="Hayley Sales">
Hayley Sales

Hayley Sales (born August 31, 1986 in Washington D.C.) is an American/ Canadian singer–songwriter and actress. Sales' debut album "Sunseed" was released on June 19, 2007; songs "Keep Drivin" and "What You Want" reached #11 on the Japan Hot 100 and #45 on the Canadian Hot 100, respectively. Her second album, "When the Bird Became a Book", was released on June 21, 2010 and includes duets with musicians G. Love and Donavon Frankenreiter.
Early life.
Sales was born into an incredibly artistic family; her mother being a dancer and writer, her father a musician and sound engineer (Miles Davis, The Grateful Dead and The Ramones), who operated GlassWing Studios out of the upper floor of their Washington D.C home. “I was surrounded by music at all hours of the day. All types of music. I remember the melodies and beats actually rattling the floorboards. My childhood had a soundtrack filled up with everything from R&B and Jazz to Rock and Americana.” For many recording sessions, Sales would even allowed to sit in and watch the recording process.
The family relocated to Portland, Oregon when Sales was four and within several months, Sales began playing piano and participating in local musical theatre productions. At the age of five, something happened that altered her life indefinitely. “My friend was playing a tape of Judy Garland singing ‘Get Happy.’ I can’t explain it, but I was captivated, I was in love…Maybe obsessed. I couldn’t stop listening. I made my friend play the song over and over and over again till finally she just gave me the cassette. I went home that night and listened ten more times.” Sales learned to sing by studying the voices of Judy Garland, Billie Holiday and Nina Simone among others.
Before reaching sixth grade, she had begun writing songs and performed in over one hundred plays and productions. By middle school, Sales was accepted into the private performing arts school, The Northwest Academy, where she studied both classical and jazz music, writing, acting, dance and film-making. She continued to study until graduating two years early, with honors, at sixteen. To this day, Sales continues to take online university courses.
Following graduation, her family moved again, this time to an organic blueberry farm on Vancouver Island, British Columbia. “I thought my life was over,” Sales laughs. “I went from a cutting edge, urban arts school to a farm on an island floating off the coast of Canada.” The dramatic shift, however, proved to be beneficial. “I spent every second of the day learning the technical side of music in the studio or sitting in my bedroom writing songs. Art was all that I had. Besides solitude.”
Within a half of year of being on the island, Sales landed a lead role in a teen horror film, leading to a move to Los Angeles to pursue acting shortly after turning seventeen. The move ended abruptly when a bout of acid reflux caused her lose her voice. “For over a year, I could barely talk. It was the hardest year of my life. Everything that I had identified with was gone. I was speechless. Literally,” she recalls.
Music career.
When her voice finally returned, Sales quickly returned into the studio and recorded a full length demo which she released on her own record label Drifter Records. In 2006, Sales signed with Universal Music Canada. Her first album Sunseed, was released in 2007, with singles ‘What You Want’ and ‘Keep Drivin’ landing in the Canadian Top 40 and on the charts in Japan. Sales' mesmerizing, sultry vocals and infectious melodies caught on instantly. In 2008, she won Best Mainstream Artist at The Canadian Radio Music Awards. Her sophomore album, featuring guest appearances by G Love and Donavon Frankenreiter, When the Bird Became A Book, was released in 2012. The music video for ‘Just Pretend, directed by Josh Forbes (Sarah Bareilles, The Fray) generating over five million views in three weeks following its release.
Since the international release of her last record, Sales has been hard at work touring, writing on a new collection of songs, and recently guest starring on the TV show CEDAR COVE (Hallmark USA) in the role of “Shelley.” She splits her time between Vancouver B.C and Los Angeles CA. Recently, Sales teamed up with Pledge Music to fan-fund the recording of her next album which she plans to record early next year. The highly anticipated album is set to be release Fall 2014.
“I am incredibly excited about this next album,” she says. “Over the past couple years, I have become re-enchanted with my earliest musical influences, appreciating what they have to offer even more now than when I first listened – Judy Garland, Billie Holiday, Nina Simone, the list goes on. What came out of those women was angelic yet human, joyful but not ignorant of life’s sadness. I want to bring the same authenticity to the next album, mixing together the sounds of vintage soul with contemporary pop.”
Acting.
Sales has taken over 7 years of the Meisner Technique along with other variations on Method Acting. Most recently, she has studied with Joe Anthony (USC) in Los Angeles, California. Her most recent role as "Shelley" on the TV show Cedar Cove has generated attention towards both her acting and musical talents. Since first stepping on the stage at age 5, Sales has performed in over 100 theatrical productions.
Charitable Work.
Sales has been a major advocate of oceanic preservation since the beginning of her career. While living in Florida, Sales performed numerous concerts to benefit The Sea Turtle Preservation. Most recently Sales contributed to the Surfrider Foundation by collaborating with O'Neill Surf Company to create a charity T-Shirt, all proceeds going towards oceanic preservation. In 2010, the song "Not In His Garden," featuring Donavon Frankenreiter, was featured on David Suzuki's "Playlist For the Planet."
Additional charity work includes partaking in a documentary for the W Network (CAN), "Making Waves." The film followed her across the country as she interviewed locals who had started non-profits in their cities/towns. During this experience, Sales wrote and released the song "Lullaby (Change The World)," all proceeds going towards the Canadian-based charity, ChildHaven.
While in Los Angeles, Sales is very active with the non-profit, Musicians On Call, a volunteer based program that brings music to children in hospitals. She has also performed several times in Cocoa Beach at the Slater Brothers (Kelly Slater-World Winning Surfer) Invitational, a benefit to raise awareness of skin cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18998107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998107" title="Hatiya, Dhawalagiri">
Hatiya, Dhawalagiri

Hatiya is a Village Development Committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,015 and had 1131 houses in the town.
To Promote local culture Hatiya has one FM radio station Samudayik Radio Galkot - 102.4 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="18998113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998113" title="Pat O'Connor (referee)">
Pat O'Connor (referee)

Pat O'Connor is an Irish hurling referee. A native of Limerick he is regarded as one of the sport's top referees and has officiated at several All-Ireland finals in minor, under-21 and senior levels.

</doc>
<doc id="18998118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998118" title="Heele">
Heele

Heele is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,891 and had 530 houses in the village. The town was founded in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18998124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998124" title="Hudgisheer">
Hudgisheer

Hudgisheer is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,366 and had 831 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998133" title="Gilmor's Raid">
Gilmor's Raid

Gilmor's Raid, also known as The Magnolia Station Train Raid, was a foraging and disruptive cavalry raid that was part of an overall campaign against Union railroads, led by Maj. Harry W. Gilmor with 135 men from the First and Second Maryland Cavalry regiments. It was authorized by Confederate Lt. Gen. Jubal Early during his Valley Campaigns of 1864, which threatened Washington, D.C., during the American Civil War.
Events on July 9–10.
As Early advanced north and east toward Baltimore, Maryland, a Union force led by Maj. Gen. Lew Wallace met Early's forces and was defeated in the Battle of Monocacy on July 9, 1864. The cavalry brigade of the Second Corps, led by Brig. Gen. Bradley T. Johnson advanced further eastward into Maryland, led by cavalry forces under the command of Maj. Harry W. Gilmor. Upon reaching Westminster, Maryland, on July 10, Gilmor attacked Union cavalry forces, driving them out. Johnson's main cavalry force continued pressing Wallace's retreating Union troops, pursuing them into Cockeysville-Hunt Valley, Maryland, north of Baltimore, and then turned south destroying tracks and trestle bridges along the North Central Railroad. Upon reaching Timonium, Maryland, Johnson divided the Second Corps cavalry brigade. He sent the commander of 2nd Maryland Cavalry, Maj. Gilmor, with a 135 detachment made up of both the 1st and 2nd Maryland Cavalry southeastward. The second part of Johnson's cavalry simultaneously turned south and headed toward the prison camp at Point Lookout, Maryland at the confluence of the Potomac River and the Chesapeake Bay.
Events on July 11.
Maj. Gilmor's cavalry detachment moved undetected through Baltimore County, Maryland, and into Harford County, Maryland. They first stopped at the General Store in Jerusalem Mill now popularly known as McCourtney's, capturing supplies and horses, and then arrived on the morning of July 11 at the Gunpowder River bridge, a railroad bridge near Magnolia Station, close to Joppa, Maryland, which belonged to the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad. Defending the railroad bridge at both ends were seventy troops from the 159th Ohio Infantry. Gilmor's troops captured two trains, one north- and one southbound, evacuated the passengers, capture supplies on the train, and set fire to one of the trains before backing it over and partially destroying the railroad trestle bridge. The telegraph communications lines were also cut along the bridge. Among the passengers captured on the northbound train was Union Maj. Gen. William B. Franklin, who was taken as a prisoner of war back to Virginia. After completing the actions at Magnolia Station, Gilmor's men headed back west, across Baltimore County, and stopped at Ady's Hotel, near Towson, Maryland to rest and refresh his men. Shortly afterward a large cavalry patrol from Baltimore arrived, which outnumbered Gilmor's men more than two to one. Gilmor attacked and defeated the Union cavalry patrol, and pursued them as far as Govanstown. Gilmor later claimed that if his men had not been so tired, he would have gone into Baltimore and captured the city. Gilmor's detachment then proceeded back through Green Spring Valley, to recover his prisoner, Gen. Franklin, who had escaped. After resting for a few hours, Gilmor's detachment rejoined Gen. Early's main forces as they crossed the Potomac River back into Virginia.
Aftermath.
Only one man was lost in Gilmor's detachment during the raid, Sgt. Field, who was shot at point blank range by Ishmael Day in a dispute near Day's residence in the thirteenth district of Baltimore. Sgt. Field was leading Gilmor's advance guard and refused to pass under a Union flag on the Day residence. Ishmael Day suddenly shot Sgt. Field and fled, and Gilmor's main party proceeded to burn the Day residence in retaliation.

</doc>
<doc id="18998134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998134" title="Jabdi, Dhawalagiri">
Jabdi, Dhawalagiri

Jabdi is a Village Development Committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,565 and had 938 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998143" title="Jaljala, Dhawalagiri">
Jaljala, Dhawalagiri

Jaljala is a Village Development Committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,637 and had 624 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998147" title="Palette of 12 Secret Colors">
Palette of 12 Secret Colors

Overview.
From CMX Manga: On the island of Opal live the world's most colorful birds. The birds have attracted a school for aspiring "Palettes" — wizards who have the ability to "borrow" color from one object and paint its qualities onto another. They are partnered with the birds to help with their training, borrowing the beautiful colors from their feathers. Young Cello has the potential to be a great Palette, but she just can't seem to control her power. As the end of freshman year approaches she's on the verge of failing, so she's going to need all the help her bird, Yoyo, can provide.
None of the characters have last names, as the author wanted the island of Opal to be a homely, friendly place. (In Japan, the family name is said first. In order to avoid the last name issue, there simply were no last names given) Guell, being from "the North", has a last name.

</doc>
<doc id="18998151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998151" title="Kalika, Baglung">
Kalika, Baglung

Kalika is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8,266 and had 1602 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998155" title="Aodán Mac Suibhne">
Aodán Mac Suibhne

Aodán Mac Suibhne is an Irish hurling referee. A member of the St. Jude's club in Dublin he is regarded as one of the sport's top referees and has officiated at several All-Ireland finals in minor, under-21 and senior levels.

</doc>
<doc id="18998160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998160" title="Banning House">
Banning House

Banning House, also known as the General Phineas Banning Residence Museum, is a historic Greek Revival-Victorian home in the Wilmington section of Los Angeles, California. Built in 1863 by Phineas Banning near the original San Pedro Bay, it remained in the Banning family until 1925 and has been owned by the City of Los Angeles since 1927. The home, barn and gardens are now operated as a museum. The Banning House property, also known as Banning Park, has been designated as a city Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument and state California Historical Landmark and has ben federally listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History and architecture.
Banning House was designed by Phineas Banning, and has been described as "one of the best examples of Greek Revival architecture in the west." It originally had 30 rooms, but some rooms have been combined, and the house now has 24 rooms. According to a history of the house written by its curator, Banning recruited help to build the house from shipwrights, blacksmiths, carpenters, and artisans employed on clipper ships visiting the Wilmington harbor. Banning was reported to have lavishly entertained the ships' captains while they were at Wilmington, encouraging them to stay in port and seal up leaks in their ships with tar from the La Brea Tar Pits. The story goes: "Strangely enough Banning repeated this warning (about leaky ships) over and over for about three years until his mansion was completed in 1864."
The house was a departure from the adobe haciendas that predominated in Southern California at the time and became a showplace. During Banning's life, the house was the site of parties, or "regales" as Banning called them, attended by United States senators, congressmen, governors, foreign dignitaries, ship captains, Army officers, and business leaders. It has been said that "no home in all California represents the horse and carriage era more fully than the Banning Mansion, where for decades Phineas entertained the elite of the social, economic, and political world." The house was also reportedly the site of "the first yachting party on the West Coast."
Banning arrived in Los Angeles in 1851 and built successful transportation businesses, including ships, railroads, and stage coach lines running from Wilmington to Los Angeles, San Bernardino, and Fort Yuma. He founded Wilmington (named after his hometown of Wilmington, Delaware) in 1858, built the first railroad in Los Angeles (the Los Angeles and San Pedro Railroad) in 1869, designed and promoted the first breakwater at the Los Angeles harbor, and is considered the "Father of the Port of Los Angeles." Banning was reportedly fond of walking up the stairs of the house to his fourth floor cupola where he would watch the ships arriving with cargoes. He was also elected to the California legislature in 1867 and 1869. Banning lived in the house for more than 20 years until his death in 1885. Banning died at age 53 after being knocked down and run over by a passing express wagon while visiting San Francisco.
Operation as a museum.
After Phineas Banning died, Hancock Banning maintained the residence until his death in 1894, and the house continued to be occupied by the Banning family until 1925. In 1927, the house and grounds were purchased by the City of Los Angeles to create a city park for the residents of Wilmington. In 1934, the Los Angeles Board of Park Commissioners proposed restoring the house, and the Banning family donated many of the original furnishings and equipment. Motion picture studios, including Twentieth-Century Fox, Warner Brothers and Paramount, contributed wallpapers to conform to the Civil War era. Following the restoration, the formal dedication took place in 1936 and was attended by Governor Frank Merriam, Senator William Gibbs McAdoo, and Mayor Frank L. Shaw. It opened to the public in 1938, closed in 1941 at the start of World War II, and did not reopen until 1952.
The house is operated as the General Phineas Banning Residence Museum. In addition to the house and its furnishings, the museum includes a basement-level gallery with photographs depicting the history of the port, the Banning family, and Wilmington. The museum also includes a large display of 19th century stagecoaches located in the barn and a one-room school house adjacent to the house. The gardens include eucalyptus trees (reputed to be the first to be planted in California) and large wisteria vines planted in the late 19th Century.
The museum is open for docent-led tours Tuesday through Thursdays (12:30, 1:30 and 2:30) and Saturdays through Sundays (12:30, 1:30, 2:30 and 3:30); a $5 donation is requested for persons 12 years and older.
Historic designations.
Banning Park, including the Banning House, barn and gardens, was designated California Historic Landmark in 1935. After the creation of the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission in 1962, the house became one of the earliest sites designated as a Banning Park (HCM #25) in October 1963. It was also the sixth site in Los Angeles to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places, receiving its listing in May 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18998165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998165" title="Kandebas">
Kandebas

Kandebash is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of Western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,510 and had 442 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998166" title="Puttin' U In">
Puttin' U In

"Puttin' U In" is an EP by Grave Plott, released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18998169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998169" title="Wii Opera SDK">
Wii Opera SDK

The Wii Opera SDK, also known as the HullBreach SDK, is a collection of optimized Javascript files created to aid in the development of games and software for the Internet Channel, the Opera-based web browser for the Wii video game console. The original intent of the SDK was to aid in the development of HullBreach Online, a browser-based space MMO RPG. The components of the SDK provide assistance in several areas for creating homebrew Web applications using the Wii Remote, matrix math, graphical primitives, affine texture mapping, raycasting, and multiuser communication.
Efforts have been made by the Wii Opera SDK to promote both products it supports, the Wii and the Opera Internet browser; thus, no objections have been made by either companies to its naming. In fact, the 3D Mesh Demo widget, which showcased the SDK, won runner-up in the You Got Skills contest hosted by Opera.
History.
Development of the Wii Opera SDK began in June 2007, soon after it became obvious that more could be done with the Internet Channel than the demonstrations shown by Sky Diver and Chatroom. Early demonstrations to become available included HullBreach Online and a Star Fox clone. In December 2007 came the public release, as announced on GoNintendo, Engadget, Joystiq, and other video game resource websites.
More recently, Wii Opera SDK has taken on a different form. It has evolved into a Wii mirror site of DSiPaint, with many of the same features and applications seen for the Nintendo DS/DSi. Another site, called 3DSPaint has also been added to the list of sister sites. Additions include chatrooms and a painting application as well as Nintendo Wi-Fi game match-ups, "game shows", and surveys, as well as a forum.
Releases.
June 14, 2007
June 26, 2007
August 3, 2007
December 19, 2007
January 27, 2008
April 8, 2008
April 28, 2008
June 18, 2008
August 16, 2008
February 27, 2009
April 19, 2009
July 28, 2009
July 30, 2009
October 2009
In October 2009, the Wii Opera SDK website started seeing an overhaul to change the appearance to match its newer sister site DSiPaint.
Specific functionality.
Wii Remote Interaction (v2.x).
All buttons on all four Wii Remotes can be detected except for Power and Home. In addition, the 1 button on the primary Wii Remote cannot be detected due to system uses. The C and Z buttons on all Nunchuk attachments except for that of the primary Wii Remote are detectable as well. In addition, the SDK detects and calculates cursor position, distance from the Sensor Bar in meters, and angle of roll, from all four Wii Remotes. It also automatically determines if the Wii Remote is being used as a pointer or a two-handed controller.
3D Math (v2.x).
There is one three-dimensional math class in the second release version of the "Wii Opera SDK". This class takes a much different approach to setting up 3D graphics than the class it replaces. Instead of just accepting an array of triangles to be manipulated and drawn, individual mesh objects can be manipulated then merged into one giant scene for final drawing. These mesh objects no longer have to be hard-coded; they can now be imported from an existing library or custom files. Generally, each mesh manipulation requires the passing of few or no variables because environmental values are set in the beginning and changed as needed. In addition to the previous abilities to move, scale, and rotate objects, more advanced effects have joined the foray: real-time lighting, explosions, and shadows. Hidden surface removal, z-sorting, and auto-clipping remain in this release as well.
This release also brought with it the Mesh Gallery and its entire infrastructure to allow gamers to import 3D objects into Internet Channel games.
Raycasting (v1.x).
This class supersedes the old 3DFPS class, which used axis-aligned texture-mapping to generate scenes. The current release uses raycasting of axis-aligned verticale grid regions. It also supports various second-pass lighting effects and graphical hyperlinking.
Drawing (v2.x).
All geometric shapes are drawn to an active canvas object. Shapes include lines, circles, rectangles, trapezoids, clip regions, and scenes. All shapes with a perimeter can be filled with an RGB(A) color. Images from JPEG, GIF, PNG, and SVG, files or IMG objects can be placed onto a canvas with rotation and scaling. Any transparencies and alpha channels from the image files will be preserved. Both trapezoid and scene objects can be texture-mapped. 
Trapezoids require rectangular textures to map with perspective-correction to either a vertical or a horizontal object. Scene objects consist of affine-mapped triangles with optional second-pass shading by transforming the canvas drawing matrix. The drawing class natively supports both flat-shading and texture-mapping and will determine which to use based on data in the object mesh.
Multiuser communication (v1.x).
Each game developed to use the multiplayer functionality gets assigned a unique ID that allows it to pass data through the server between clients. Potentially unlimited variables can be passed as a query string, adding to great versatility.
Criticisms.
Because of a lack of hardware acceleration, the Wii's Internet Channel has been plagued by slow execution of both JavaScript and Adobe Flash code, causing homebrew projects in these formats to suffer from slowdowns and lag when compared to their desktop counterparts. Thus, features must either be dropped, or code must be optimized into obfuscation in some cases.
Benchmarks have placed flat-shading at about 3000-5000 triangles/sec and textured-shading at about 200-300 triangles/sec, depending on conditions. (Adoption of the Opera 9.5+ engine builds by the Wii will increase this by using matrix transformations to draw textures instead of rotation and skewing hacks.) For full-screen raycasting (800 pixel width), the scanlines need to be around 12 pixels wide or wider for framerates of 10fps to 15fps, which is considered a playable rate for Web-based interactions. These speed factors disallow complex artwork in games and, perhaps, limit games to the visual quality of 3D projects from the Super NES (5th generation) console era.
In addition, JavaScript sound extensions are not supported by the Internet Channel, so developers wishing to add sound to their projects must add an invisible Flash module or do without sound at all, with the former slowing project execution even further.
References.
"This article uses text taken from HullBreach under the "

</doc>
<doc id="18998177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998177" title="Khukhani">
Khukhani

Khungkhani is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,908 and had 397 houses in the village. Chhantyal, Dalits and Magar are the three ethnic groups living in the VDC.

</doc>
<doc id="18998178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998178" title="Milwaukee Road Passenger Depot">
Milwaukee Road Passenger Depot

The Milwaukee Road Passenger Depot in Green Bay, Wisconsin was built in 1898 by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (also known as The Milwaukee Road) to serve the businesses and residences in Green Bay on the east bank of the Fox River. Two other depots from competing railroads were built on the west bank.
The depot was built primarily of brick and stone in the Flemish Renaissance Revival style by Charles Sumner Frost of Chicago, Illinois. The architecture is unusual in that most depots of that time were built in the Craftsman or Romanesque styles. The depot is a rectangular, single story building with a passenger waiting area on one end and a freight room at the other. 
The depot served Green Bay until 1957, when it was donated by the railroad to the City of Green Bay. (The Milwaukee Road built another passenger depot nearer its rail yards to serve passengers.) The city then leased the old depot to the Chamber of Commerce, then sold it outright to them in 1986. 
The depot was listed in the National Register of Historic Places because of its association with railroad and commercial development of Green Bay and also because of its distinctive architecture.
In 2011, Green Bay, Wisconsin - based company Breakthrough Fuel renovated the "Milwaukee Road Passenger Depot" to serve as its corporate headquarters. The company received a Brown County Historical Society Historic Preservation Award and the Green Bay Beautification Award for the renovation later that year. 

</doc>
<doc id="18998181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998181" title="Morir de Amor">
Morir de Amor

Morir de Amor (Eng.: "Dying of Love") is an studio album released in 2000 by norteño music group Conjunto Primavera. This album received a nomination for a Latin Grammy Award for Best Grupero Performance, which was awarded to "En La Madrugada se Fue" by Los Temerarios, and became their first number-one album in the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart.
Technically this album is of re-recordings, 
except for Morir de amor and Mexico Ra,ra,ra, in total are only ballads, 
all with keyboard with exception of Mexico Ra, ra, ra, because the song has accordion instead of the keyboard.
The re-recordings are:
Enamorado de ti of Vas a conseguir of 1991, 
Jugando al amor of Me Nortie of 1993,
Dime,dime,dime, of Me voy,me voy of 1989, 
Maldita seas,(previously only named Maldita),
of Cumbias y rancheras, with Nacho Galindo in 1985,
Y otra vez of the album with the same name of 1992, 
No como amigo,of Lo mejor,lo ultimo of 1991, 
Cinco lagrimas of Con las manos vacias of 1990, 
and En cada gota de mi sangre of La Otra,with Nacho Galindo, of 1986.
Tracklisting.
All songs were written by Oscar Ochoa, except where noted.
Personnel.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="18998187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998187" title="Khunga, Baglung">
Khunga, Baglung

Khunga is a Village Development Committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,926 and had 583 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998192" title="The Plott Thickens">
The Plott Thickens

The Plott Thickens is the debut album by Grave Plott, released in 2008. It debuted at number 95 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. The album sold 1,189 units in its first week of release.

</doc>
<doc id="18998201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998201" title="Kusmishera">
Kusmishera

Kusmishera is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,944 and had 570 houses in the town.
References.
Mero Pyaro Janma bhumi - Jagannath

</doc>
<doc id="18998212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998212" title="Lekhani, Dhawalagiri">
Lekhani, Dhawalagiri

Lekhani is a Village Development Committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,431 and had 507 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18998214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998214" title="Gabriel Gardner">
Gabriel Gardner

Gabriel "Gabe" Bryan Gardner (born March 18, 1976, in San Diego, California) is an American professional volleyball player. He is a two time Olympian, having played at the 2004 Athens Olympics and 2008 Beijing Olympics with the U.S. national team. 
Gardner graduated from San Clemente High School, where he went on to the University of Southern California, playing for the USC Trojans volleyball team in 1996-97. He then transferred to Stanford University, where due to NCAA transfer rules he sat out the 1998 season before playing for the Cardinal in 1999. Gardner also played water polo as a goalie in addition to being an accomplished volleyball player for the high school level.

</doc>
<doc id="18998218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998218" title="Milt Smith">
Milt Smith

Milton Smith (March 27, 1929 – April 11, 1997) was a Major League Baseball player. Smith played in 36 games in the 1955 season with the Cincinnati Redlegs. 
Smith was originally with the Philadelphia Stars of the Negro American League in 1950.
He had 20 hits in 102 at-bats for a .196 batting average for the Cincinnati Redlegs. 
Smith was born in Columbus, Georgia, and died in San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18998220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998220" title="Malika, Dhawalagiri">
Malika, Dhawalagiri

Malika is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,242 and had 433 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18998228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998228" title="Telephone numbers in Andorra">
Telephone numbers in Andorra

Telephone numbers in Andorra are six digits, with fixed line numbers beginning with the digits 8 and 7 and mobile telephone numbers with the digits 3, 4 and 6.
Until 17 December 1994, Andorra formed part of the French numbering plan, with the prefix 0628 being used for calls from France or +33 628 from the rest of the world, except Spain which assigned access code from its numbering plan. Since 1994, Andorra adopted its own country code +376. This means that all calls to Andorra, including from France and Spain, require the usage of the +376 country code.

</doc>
<doc id="18998253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998253" title="Rosario Islands">
Rosario Islands

The Islas del Rosario (Coral Islands of Rosario) is one of the 46 Natural National Parks of Colombia, created in order to protect one of the most important coral reefs of the Colombian Caribbean coast.
Characteristics.
The park has an extension of 120.000 ha, from the line of the highest tide to the beryl of the 50 meters of depth, it extends from the underwater platform and the coral reefs west from the Island of Baru, the reefs of the archipelagos of Nuestra Señora del Rosario and San Bernardo and the underwater platform in between, as well as the Tesoro, Rosario, Mucura and Maravilla islands.
This area was declared Natural National Park due to the necessity to preserve and protect the coral reefs and the associated ecosystems, such as the sea grass and mangroves, and the numerous species of seaweed and animals that inhabit them.

</doc>
<doc id="18998260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998260" title="Malma, Nepal">
Malma, Nepal

Malma is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,738 and had 881 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998261" title="The First Law">
The First Law

The First Law is a fantasy series written by British author Joe Abercrombie. It consists of a trilogy and three stand-alone novels set in the same world.
The trilogy is published by Gollancz in the UK and Pyr in the USA. The stand-alone novels remain with Gollancz in the UK but will be published by Orbit Books in the USA.
Abercrombie's works "Best Served Cold" and "Heroes" have been recommended by author George R.R. Martin.
Setting.
The trilogy is set in an epic fantasy world at war, reminiscent of medieval-era Europe and the greater Mediterranean world.
The books of the trilogy do not contain maps, as Abercrombie prefers not to use them. However, the three stand alone novels do contain their own local maps.
Plot overview.
The plot involves three major powers: 
There are two major theaters of war. The first takes place in the north between the Union and the Northmen, who invade the Union's northern province of Angland. The second is in the south between the Union and the Gurkish Empire, who attempt to annex the Union city of Dagoska. The trilogy centers on the fortunes of a variety of characters as they navigate through these and other conflicts.
"The Blade Itself".
The title of the first book is taken from a quote by Homer in The Odyssey: "The blade itself incites to deeds of violence."
"Before They Are Hanged".
The title of the second book references a quote by Heinrich Heine: "We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged."
"Last Argument of Kings".
The title of the third book refers to the words Louis XIV had inscribed on his cannons: "Ultima Ratio Regum," which is Latin for "the last argument of kings."
Standalone books.
Best Served Cold is set in the same universe as the "First Law" series, roughly four years after the trilogy. It takes place in a new location, focusing on a different set of characters. Some are minor characters from the original trilogy given more depth and others are new characters. Major characters from the trilogy sometimes appear in cameos or are mentioned in passing.
The Heroes focuses on a three-day battle set in the same world as the "First Law" trilogy, about 9 years after events of the trilogy itself. Union commander Lord Marshal Kroy leads the Union forces against the much smaller Northern army led by Black Dow. The story features many characters seen in previous "First Law" novels like Bremer dan Gorst, Prince Calder, and the Dogman.
Red Country revolves around a youthful female protagonist who rides on, hoping to bury her bloody past, but she’ll have to sharpen up some of her old ways to get her family back. Her journey will take her across the barren plains to a frontier town gripped by gold fever, through feud, duel and massacre and high into the unmapped mountains.
Reception.
"The Blade Itself" was released to very positive reviews. Writing for "The Guardian", author Jon Courtenay Grimwood said that "for once, the novel comes close to living up to its publisher's hype", and Strange Horizons's Siobhan Carroll said that "fans of character-driven epics who are willing to take their heroes with a grain of moral ambiguity should add this novel to their "must read" list."
Reviews for "Before They Are Hanged" were more mixed; while Fantasy Book Review stated that it was "hard not to try and read it in one sitting" and that it "does not disappoint", The SF Site raised the concern that the female characters were largely one dimensional and that Abercrombie should have "taken a little bit more time with it and maintained the level of craft that he managed with his first book."
"Last Argument of Kings" was well received by critics, with "Publishers Weekly" saying that "readers will mourn the end of this vivid story arc." "SFX's" David Bradley gave the book a five star review and stated that Abercrombie "signs off the trilogy on a high, interspersing breathless skirmishes with thriller-like moments."
Eric Brown reviewed "Red Country" for "The Guardian" and said that Abercrombie was "tipping his hat to the Western genre but continuing his mission to drag fantasy, kicking and screaming, into the 21st century with his characteristic mix of gritty realism, complex characterisation, set-piece scenes of stomach-churning violence and villains who are as fully rounded as his flawed heroes" and concluded that the book was "a marvellous follow-up to his highly praised "The Heroes"."

</doc>
<doc id="18998263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998263" title="Melissa Etheridge discography">
Melissa Etheridge discography

This is a comprehensive listing of official releases by American rock music singer Melissa Etheridge. She has released eleven studio albums, 33 singles and 29 music videos on Island Records. Over her 25 year career, Etheridge has amassed 5 Platinum albums, three of which are multi-platinum, and 2 Gold albums. She also has 11 Billboard Hot 100 charting singles, with 6 of them hitting the Top 40. Etheridge's highest charting single is I'm the Only One, which peeked at #8 on Billboard Hot 100, and her longest charting single is Come To My Window, which stayed in the Hot 100 for 44 weeks. Both songs appear on her 4th album Yes I Am, which is her biggest selling album to date, with a RIAA certification of 6 million copies sold in the US alone.
Miscellaneous.
These songs have not appeared on a studio album released by Etheridge.

</doc>
<doc id="18998266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998266" title="Mulpani, Dhawalagiri">
Mulpani, Dhawalagiri

Mulpani is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,442 and had 846 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998285" title="Parkview Cross Country Course">
Parkview Cross Country Course

The Parkview XC Course is a former golf course turned into a cross country course located in Hershey, Pennsylvania, USA. Due to the number of long steep hills, it is known as one of the hardest courses in the state, which is why the PIAA Cross Country Championships have been held there annually since 2006. It also serves as the site for the PIAA District 3 Cross Country Championships. In 2012 the course also hosted the NIRCA Cross Country National Championship meet. 
PIAA XC State Championships.
The PIAA State Championships were first held at The Parkview XC Course in 2006, after they were held at White Field for the previous 5 years. It was moved to level the "playing field" after certain teams like the Scranton Prep boys (4 PIAA titles in 5 years) and Dallas girls (2 PIAA titles in 3 years) dominated at White Field.
2009 PIAA XC State Championship Team Scores:
Girls AA
Girls AAA
Boys AA
Boys AAA
Individual Medalists
Girls AA
Girls AAA
Boys AA
Boys AAA
PIAA Foundation Invitational (Pre-States).
The 1st Annual PIAA Foundation Invitational or "Pre-States" was held in 2007. It is a mid season meet that includes some of the top teams in Pennsylvania, in order to preview the upcoming state championships. It is also a way for teams to see how they stack up against other teams in the state.
2009 Pre-States:
Team Scores:
Boys Blue 
Boys Gold
Girls Blue 
Girls Gold 
Individual Medalists:
Boys Blue: 
Boys Gold: 
Girls Blue: 
Girls Gold: 

</doc>
<doc id="18998291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998291" title="Narayansthan">
Narayansthan

Narayansthan is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal.It is located above the bank of Kali gandaki River. Now, it has became one of the major important place in baglung. They have planned to construct the domestic Airport. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,174 and had 632 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998298" title="Diocese of Nicotera-Tropea">
Diocese of Nicotera-Tropea

The former Italian Catholic diocese of Nicotera-Tropea, in Calabria, existed until 1986. In that year it was united into the diocese of Mileto, to form the diocese of Mileto-Nicotera-Tropea. It was a suffragan diocese of the archbishopric of Reggio di Calabria.
History.
Nicotera, the ancient Medama, is in the Province of Catanzaro; it was destroyed by the earthquake of 1783. Its first known bishop was Proculus, to whom, with others, a letter of pope Gregory the Great was written in 599. With the exception of Sergius (787), none of its bishops is known earlier than 1392. Under Bishop Charles Pinti, the city was pillaged by the Ottoman Turks.
In 1818, it was united on equal terms with the Diocese of Tropea, founded in the 7th century. In the town center at Tropea there is still a cathedral, restored after its destruction by the earthquake of 1783. Here the Greek Rite was formerly used. Only three bishops before the Norman conquest are known; the first, Joannes, is referred to the year 649; among its other prelates was Nicolò Acciapori (1410), an eminent statesman.

</doc>
<doc id="18998299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998299" title="Narethanti">
Narethanti

Narethanti is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,240 and had 608 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998304" title="The Nightmare Factory – Volume 2">
The Nightmare Factory – Volume 2

The Nightmare Factory – Volume 2, 2008, is the second volume in "The Nightmare Factory" series of graphic collections from Fox Atomic Comics, based on the individual short stories of Thomas Ligotti.

</doc>
<doc id="18998305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998305" title="Nisi, Nepal">
Nisi, Nepal

Nisi is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,215 and had 1067 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998306" title="The Foxes">
The Foxes

The Foxes are a London based indie rock band formed in 2006. They have entered the UK Indie Singles Chart twice and have been mentioned in the NME magazine. The band have just released their début album "Last Of Many" which was recorded at the Sawmills Studios in Cornwall, produced and mixed by John Cornfield.
History.
In the summer of 2006 Nigel Thomas, at the time a mental health professional, and Alex Douglas formed the acoustic duo 'Rush Hour Soul' in London. With the addition of two band members and a name change to "The Foxes" the current line-up was formed: Thomas (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Jonathan Bretman (lead guitar), Douglas (bass, backing vocals) and Stephen Wilde (drums). Thomas writes the music and lyrics and the band work without a press agent or manager.
The Foxes critically acclaimed début EP 'Lover, Killer' was released in August 2007 and sold in CD format, limited to 500 hand numbered copies.
In 2008, the band formed their own record label 'Room 10 Records'. The name originates from the room the band used for rehearsal at Survival Studios in North London.
The first release on the new label was the début Single 'Trauma Town' on 20 October 2008, which was sold in limited edition vinyl format and digital download, reaching number 9 on the official UK Indie charts according to the BBC website.
On 16 March 2009 the single 'Bill Hicks' (based on famous comedian) was released on CD, vinyl and digital download, which reached number 6 on the official UK Indie charts according to the BBC website.
On 3 August 2009 they released a new recording of 'Lover, Killer' as a single on CD, vinyl and digital download, along with a video filmed by Nigel Thomas' brother. This release did not chart as sales were not counted for that period.
On 17 May 2010 they released the "Depression, Joy and a Moment of Fame" EP, a precursor to their début album. This release also did not chart as sales were not counted for that period.
Present.
The band have worked with John Cornfield (producer and mixer) at Sawmills Studios in Cornwall on their EP 'Depression, Joy and Moment of Fame'.
Their début album, 'Last of Many' again produced by John Cornfield at Sawmills, was released on 5 December 2011.
Tours and appearances.
The Foxes have played in various venues across the country and have toured a number of times across the US and UK. Additionally, They have played in the O2 Arena, supporting The Magic Numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="18998310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998310" title="Butwal Bahumukhi Campus">
Butwal Bahumukhi Campus

Butwal Multiple Campus () is one of the constituent Campuses in Butwal town in western Nepal. It is situated on the hilly terrain of Butwal near Golpark area of Butwal Municipality. The name "Multiple " () is because it runs several courses in the disciplines of Arts, Science, Commerce and Law etc. There are varying schedule for classes, starting from 6:00 am.
The establishment of Butwal Multiple Campus has helped a lot in the development of this one time small village into a modern town in Nepal, and a hub of education. Students from nearby places like Palpa, Arghaghanchi, Syangja, Gulmi keep coming here to pursue their academics. Numerous faculty members of this institution have helped found many centres of academic excellence and Higher Secondary Schools which has definitely provided a fillip to Education sector in and around Butwal.

</doc>
<doc id="18998312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998312" title="Paiyunnyap">
Paiyunnyap

Paiyunthantap is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,027 and had 711 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998315" title="Palakot">
Palakot

Palakot is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="18998319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998319" title="Schröder–Bernstein theorem for measurable spaces">
Schröder–Bernstein theorem for measurable spaces

The Cantor–Bernstein–Schroeder theorem of set theory has a counterpart for measurable spaces, sometimes called the Borel Schroeder–Bernstein theorem, since measurable spaces are also called Borel spaces. This theorem, whose proof is quite easy, is instrumental when proving that two measurable spaces are isomorphic. The general theory of standard Borel spaces contains very strong results about isomorphic measurable spaces, see Kuratowski's theorem. However, (a) the latter theorem is very difficult to prove, (b) the former theorem is satisfactory in many important cases (see Examples), and (c) the former theorem is used in the proof of the latter theorem.
The theorem.
Let formula_1 and formula_2 be measurable spaces. If there exist injective, bimeasurable maps formula_3 formula_4 then formula_1 and formula_2 are isomorphic (the Schröder–Bernstein property).
Comments.
The phrase "formula_7 is bimeasurable" means that, first, formula_7 is measurable (that is, the preimage formula_9 is measurable for every measurable formula_10), and second, the image formula_11 is measurable for every measurable formula_12. (Thus, formula_13 must be a measurable subset of formula_14 not necessarily the whole formula_15)
An isomorphism (between two measurable spaces) is, by definition, a bimeasurable bijection. If it exists, these measurable spaces are called isomorphic.
Proof.
First, one constructs a bijection formula_16 out of formula_7 and formula_18 exactly as in the proof of the Cantor–Bernstein–Schroeder theorem. Second, formula_19 is measurable, since it coincides with formula_7 on a measurable set and with formula_21 on its complement. Similarly, formula_22 is measurable.
Examples.
Example 1.
The open interval (0, 1) and the closed interval [0, 1] are evidently non-isomorphic as topological spaces (that is, not homeomorphic). However, they are isomorphic as measurable spaces. Indeed, the closed interval is evidently isomorphic to a shorter closed subinterval of the open interval. Also the open interval is evidently isomorphic to a part of the closed interval (just itself, for instance).
Example 2.
The real line formula_23 and the plane formula_24 are isomorphic as measurable spaces. It is immediate to embed formula_23 into formula_26 The converse, embedding of formula_26 into formula_23 (as measurable spaces, of course, not as topological spaces) can be made by a well-known trick with interspersed digits; for example,
The map formula_29 is clearly injective. It is easy to check that it is bimeasurable. (However, it is not bijective; for example, the number formula_30 is not of the form formula_31).

</doc>
<doc id="18998323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998323" title="Pandavkhani">
Pandavkhani

Pandavkhani is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,519 and had 442 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18998328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998328" title="Henri François, comte de Ségur">
Henri François, comte de Ségur

Henri François, comte de Ségur, baron de Romainville et de Ponchat, seigneur de Fougueyrolles (1 June 1689 – 18 June 1751) was a French general.
He was the son of Henri Joseph, comte de Ségur (1661–1737), military commander and duke, and Claude Élisabeth Binet and paternal grandson of Jean-Isaac, marquis de Ségur (d. 1707), military commander and a descendant of François de Ségur, seigneur de Sainte-Aulaye (d. 1605). His first cousin was Nicolas-Alexandre, marquis de Ségur and other relatives include Henri IV, vicomte de Ségur, leader and nobleman, becoming Duke in France and England, and Marguerite de Ségur, HRH Albert, Prince Consort's great-grandmother, also Queen Victoria's great-grandmother making Prince Albert and Queen Victoria second if not first cousins, part of Marquessate. The Ségur name has appeared to be in the Royal line from time to time.
Called "le beau Ségur" ("the handsome Ségur"), he was Master of the Regent, Philippe d'Orléans' Wardrobe ("maître de la garderobe du Régent"), and lived in an "hôtel" in Passy, Paris on a beautiful ten-acre property, which later passed to the Duchess of Valentinois and was named "Hôtel de Valentinois" after her. (The property is famous for being the residence of Benjamin Franklin for nearly ten years.) On 10 or 12 September 1718, Ségur married in Paris Angélique de Froissy (1702–1785), the Regent's illegitimate daughter, at Cagny. Described as "fresh, white, well-made, strong and intoxicating", Angélique belonged to the inner circle of Louis XV's intimates.
He and his wife had at least five children:
In 1723, he bought the castle of Romainville.
He was maréchal de camp in 1734, lieutenant général in 1738, and inspecteur général of the cavalry and the dragoons. He fought in the War of Austrian Succession, where he lost the Battle of Pfaffenhofen but prevented the total destruction of his army.
He was made governor of the County of Foix from 1737 until 1751, when he was succeeded by his son, and was made a Knight in the Ordre du Saint-Esprit on 2 February 1748.
Henri François died in Metz on 18 June 1751, aged 62. His son Philippe Henri (1724–1801) became Marquis of Ségur and was named Marshal of France in 1783.

</doc>
<doc id="18998330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998330" title="Praiyunpata">
Praiyunpata

Praiyunpata is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,702 and had 976 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998342" title="Fabien Onteniente">
Fabien Onteniente

Fabien Onteniente (born 1958) is a French film director and scriptwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="18998346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998346" title="The Cole Twins">
The Cole Twins

The Cole Twins were a professional wrestling tag team consisting of twin brothers Kent and Keith Cole. They competed in North American regional and independent promotions, however the twins were best known for their stint in World Championship Wrestling during the early 1990s. During their time in WCW, they feuded with several tag teams including Tex Slazenger and Shanghai Pierce, The Wrecking Crew (Rage and Fury), Harlem Heat (Booker T and Stevie Ray) and The Hollywood Blonds (Brian Pillman and Steve Austin). 
Career.
Brought in as a regular tag team by then booker Dusty Rhodes in late-1992, the Cole Twins would frequently appear on "WCW Saturday Night", "WCW Main Event" and "WCW Worldwide" during the next year. In early-1993, Keith Cole wrestled without his brother such as, on January 11, he teamed with Chris Sullivan who lost to The Wrecking Crew (Rage & Fury) at the Center Stage Theatre in Atlanta, Georgia on January 11, 1993. On February 2, he lost a singles match to Maxx Payne and, at the same event, served as one of twelve "lumberjacks" in the main event between Ricky "The Dragon" Steamboat and "Flyin'" Brian Pillman. The other wrestlers included Steve Regal, Marcus Bagwell, Robbie V, Shane Douglas, 2 Cold Scorpio, Vinnie Vegas, Steve Austin, Shangahi Pierce and Tex Slazenger and Cactus Jack and Maxx Payne. Later that month, Keith and Kent Cole defeated The Wrecking Crew when the twins scored a roll-up pin after narrowly avoiding their opponent's "Wrecking Ball" finisher.
On March 8, Tex Slazenger and Shanghai Pierce challenged the Cole Twins to a match after defeating their scheduled opponents Bobby Baker and Scott McKeever. Moments later, Grizzly Smith walked out to the ring and agreed to sanction a match for 5 minutes. The twins immediately came out cleared Slazenger and Pierce from the ring. After Shanghai Pierce was pinned after a double dropkick, the Cole Twins fended off an attack from The Wrecking Crew as well as Tex Slazenger and Shanghai Pierce who managed to escape from the ring. On the same show, the debuting Harris Brothers (Ron and Don Harris) called out the Cole Twins during a post-match interview with Jesse Ventura to see who were the better of the twin brother teams. This match never came about however. 
On "WCW Saturday Night", he and Kent also defeated Buddy Lee Parker and Bob Cook in Alexandria, Louisiana on March 17. Three days later at a house show in Gadsden, Alabama, Keith Cole fought Steve Regal to a 10-minute time limit draw. On April 27, Keith and Kent Cole teamed with 2 Cold Scorpio and Marcus Alexander Bagwell in an 8-man tag team match against The Wrecking Crew, and Tex Slazenger and Shanghai Pierce. The Coles' were eventually disqualified when the referee spotted one of the twins holding a cow bell that Slazenger was attempting to use in the match. That same day in Gainesville, Georgia, the twins defeated Chris Benoit and Bobby Eaton.
On April 30, the twins wrestled in separate matches at a house show held at the Dorton Arena in Raleigh, North Carolina. Kent Cole defeated Fury while Keith Cole lost to Maxx Payne. Defeating Tony Vincent and Mustafa Saied on "WCW Saturday Night", they also beat The Wrecking Crew at house shows in Harrisburg, Virginia, New Orleans, Louisiana and Baltimore, Maryland. They also traded matches with Vinnie Vegas and Big Sky at a May 15 television taping in Anderson, South Carolina. At another house show in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the Cole Twins defeated Bob Starr and Joey Maggs on May 21. On June 3, the Cole Twins faced Tex Slazenger and Shanghai Pierce at Spartanburg High School in Spartanburg, South Carolina and fought to a 20-minute time limit draw. They later defeated them at Kings Mountain, North Carolina three days later.
In early July, the twins took part in television tapings at Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida which would air on "WCW Worldwide" in late August and September. During the 3-day event, Keith Cole would lose to Yoshi Kwan and Steve Regal while defeating Tex Slazenger & Shanghai Pierce on July 10. At an event in Lake Charles, Louisiana, Keith & Kent Cole also defeated Chris Benoit and Bobby Eaton on July 24. They would receive a title shot against then WCW World Tag Team Champions The Hollywood Blonds (Brian Pillman and Steve Austin) later that month losing to them at a television taping in Anderson on July 27.
On August 1, Keith and Kent Cole defeated Brian Costello and Barry Starr on "WCW Worldwide". Losing to Bobby Eaton and Brian Knobs at The Omni in Atlanta on August 15, they defeated George South and The Italian Stallion at the Brushfork Armory in Bluefield, West Virginia several days later. On the August 30 edition of "WCW Saturday Night", the twins defeated Harlem Heat (Booker T and Stevie Ray) via reverse-decision when referee Nick Patrick disqualified Harlem Heat for throwing the Cole Twins over the top rope after they had won the match by pinfall. Earlier that night, they had also acted as "lumberjacks" during a match between Charlie Norris and Maxx Payne. Ricky Steamboat, Paul Orndorff, The Equalizer, Brad Armstrong and Tex Slazenger and Shanghai Pierce were also present.
On September 10, the Cole Twins and "Jungle" Jim Steele lost to Harlem Heat and Sid Vicious (with manager Colonel Robert Parker) when Vicious pinned Steele after a powerbomb. This 6-man tag team match was taped in Macon, Georgia and used for the main events in "WCW Main Event" and "WCW Power Hour" that week. Keith Cole also teamed with Johnny B. Badd against Tex Slazenger and Shanghai Pierce in Kennesaw, Georgia on September 21. Keith Cole would also make his PPV debut appearing at Battlebowl '93 as the tag team partner of Ron Simmons during the ""Lethal Lottery"". He and Simmons were eliminated by Sting and WCW World Tag Team Champion Jerry Sags (with Missy Hyatt) when Saggs pinned Cole after a top-rope elbowdrop. Following the match, Simmons attacked Cole with a spinebuster.
On January 3, 1994, the Cole Twins lost to Tex Slazenger and Shanghai Pierce at the Georgia Mountain Center in Gainesville, Georgia. The match would be aired on "WCW Main Event" as the main event later that week. The twins would make their last appearance as a team losing to Harlem Heat on "WCW Main Event" in Columbus, Georgia on January 18. Keith Cole would also face Terra Ryzing in his WCW debut at the Center Stage Theatre in Atlanta on February 1, 1994.
After a six-year absence from wrestling, the twins debuted in NWA Wildside as the Kohl Brothers in mid-2000. Facing Total Destruction (Rusty Riddle and Sean Royal) on August 27 and in a Tag Rumble on September 9, they continued appearing on the promotion's weekly television show for the rest of the year facing Ultimate Creation (Jason Ultima and Perfect Creation) and NWA Wildside Tag Team Champions The Boogaloo Crew (Scottie Wrenn and J.C. Dazz) defending them for the titles in Cornelia, Georgia on February 3. Briefly losing the titles to Romeo Bliss and David Flair on March 24, they regained the titles in a handicap match against Romeo Bliss on April 21. After a near four month reign as champions, they eventually lost the titles to TNT (Todd Sexton & Tony Stradlin) on August 4, 2001. In one of their last matches in the promotion, they faced TNT and the Lost Boyz (Azrael & Gabriel) in a three-way match before quietly leaving the promotion soon after.

</doc>
<doc id="18998347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998347" title="Hickstead">
Hickstead

Hickstead may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18998360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998360" title="Rajkut">
Rajkut

Rajkut is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,064 and had 356 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18998366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998366" title="Giochi per il mio computer">
Giochi per il mio computer

Giochi per il mio computer (), also known by the acronym GMC, was an Italian magazine about computer video games and every thing concerns this topic. In Italy it represented the leading magazine in its field and frequently sold more than 100,000 copies. 
The internal structure, which is still unchanged, is divided in eight sections:
In past years GMC has had frequent changes in its publisher: when first created, it was published by "Il mio castello editore", in Autumn 2000 it was passed to a division of Future Publishing, "Future Media Italy" (with many other editions) and finally since March 2007, it has been published by the Italian publishing house "Sprea Media Italy".
Deus Ex leak.
The magazine was involved in the leak of a preview copy of the new Deus Ex game, but was later found to have no responsibility.

</doc>
<doc id="18998368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998368" title="Ranasinkiteni">
Ranasinkiteni

Ranasinkiteni is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,673 and had 493 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998371" title="Leon Everette">
Leon Everette

Leon Everette Baughman (born June 21, 1948 in Aiken, South Carolina) is an American country music artist. While in the Navy during the Vietnam War, Everette won a singing contest and decided to pursue a career in country music. 
Between 1977 and 1985, Everette recorded eight studio albums, including five for the RCA Records label. He charted several singles on the Hot Country Songs charts in the same timespan. Everette reached top 10 on the Hot Country Songs charts with the singles "Over", "Giving Up Easy", "Hurricane", "Midnight Rodeo", "Just Give Me What You Think Is Fair", "Soul Searchin'", "My Lady Loves Me (Just as I Am)" and "I Could'a Had You".

</doc>
<doc id="18998374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998374" title="Rangkhani">
Rangkhani

Rangkhani is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,981 and had 791 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998391" title="Rayadanda">
Rayadanda

Rayadanda is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,492 and had 480 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18998396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998396" title="Keith Cole">
Keith Cole

Keith Cole may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18998400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998400" title="Resh, Nepal">
Resh, Nepal

Resh is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,407 and had 795 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998404" title="Righa">
Righa

Righa is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,728 and had 680 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18998410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998410" title="Salyan, Baglung">
Salyan, Baglung

Salyan is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,935 and had 396 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18998479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998479" title="Archery at the 2007 Black Sea Games">
Archery at the 2007 Black Sea Games


</doc>
<doc id="18998480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998480" title="History of legal education in Serbia">
History of legal education in Serbia

The roots of law, legal thought and education in Serbia go back to the 13th century. This is owed to Rastko Nemanjić, who was declared a saint under the name St. Sava. Rastko, the brother of the first Serbian king Stefan Nemanjić, was the founder of not only the ecclesiastical independence (autocephaly of the Serbian church in 1219), but he also has instituted the Serbian education, literature, health, the legal system and science.
At the same time when John of England released the famous Magna Carta Libertatum in Latin, in Serbia St. Sava has prepared and published in his native language a collection of both church and secular regulations under the name Nomocanon (). In conjunction with the monumental lawmaking initiative of Stefan Uroš IV Dušan of Serbia in 1349, the Dušan's Code, which was written in Serbian as well, these acts constitute the foundation of the Serbian legal culture. Even during the long-lasting rule of the Turks, which began in the mid-15th century, Serbian law has survived through the practice of the Serbian Orthodox Church, which still considers the Nomocanon its official codex. However, only liberation from the Turkish authorities, starting in the 19th century, enabled the full bloom of Serbian legal science and education.
At some stage in the struggle for national liberation from the Turks during the First Serbian Uprising that started in 1804, the Belgrade Higher School was founded in 1808. The classes lasted three years and in addition to general subjects the curriculum included comparative and state (constitutional) law, international law, criminal law and judicial procedure. Therefore, there are many historians who believe that it is justified to perceive that the foundation of modern education in Serbia was the Higher School and the year 1808. This year is taken as the date when the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law was established.
1841 – 1863.
In 1841, Belgrade has become the capital city of Serbia and in the same year the Lyceum moved from Kragujevac to Belgrade. At that time, the Belgrade Lyceum had two departments - Law and Philosophy. Before enrolling the Legal Department (which initially lasted one year, from 1843 two years, and since 1849 three years), it was compulsory to graduate at the Philosophy Department, where the studies lasted two years, so the legal studies lasted a total of five years. The classes were in the native Serbian language, and the first professors were learned Serbs from Vojvodina. Among them was the well-known Serbian writer, comediographer and lawyer, Jovan Sterija Popović, who held two courses: Natural Law (Encyclopedia of Law, or today's Introduction to Law) and a course on the organization of courts and civil procedure. Since 1853, the legal education became independent from the studies of philosophy.
1863 – 1905.
Subsequently, in 1863 the University of Belgrade rudiment consisted of the Philosophy, Law and Technical departments. From the Countess Ljubica's Residence, a beautiful small building in the center of Belgrade, the Higher School moved to one of the most significant buildings in Belgrade, the Captain Miša’s Mansion, bequeathed to the nation by Captain Miša Anastasijević, which is today home to the Rectorate (seat) of the University of Belgrade. Since then, legal education in Serbia lasted four years, within the framework of which 21 subjects were compulsory.
1905 – 1941.
The Higher School formally became the University of Belgrade through the Law on the University from February 27, 1905. In addition to the Philosophy, Law and Technical schools, this Law has set forth the existence of Orthodox Theology and Medical schools. Given the limited space in the building of Captain Miša Anastasijević, the library of the Faculty of Law has moved to a separate building in the center of the city, and a number of its teachers received their offices at the National Library at the Kosančićev Venac. Today, the law school building, whose construction began in 1937, was completed in fall 1940, just before the Second World War. The Library of the Faculty of Law has been moved there as well. At that time, it had a collection of over 36,000 books and monographs, representing the foremost law library in the Balkans. 
The legal studies lasted four years and consisted of the 19 compulsory subjects, and for students of the Islamic confession Sharia Law was introduced as an additional subject. Regulations on law schools from 1938 have set forth a unique curriculum for all three law schools, which then existed in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia (Belgrade, Zagreb, Ljubljana). Twenty compulsory subjects were set forth, with the proviso that only at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law, under the same conditions as before, Sharia Law was taught as an additional subject.
Since the formation of the University until the First World War several hundred students were enrolled. The first woman at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law graduated in 1914. During the period between the two world wars, the law school experienced its full bloom, it grew out into a modern European institution for legal education and has acquired a high international reputation. Shortly before the Second World War, more than 4,000 students were enrolled (of which there were almost 1,000 female students).
At that time, Slobodan Jovanović was one of the greatest authorities on jurisprudence and especially constitutional law. Liberal in his social and political views, he was for nearly half a century a leader of the Serbian intelligentsia.
1941 – 1945.
The newly constructed law school building was damaged during the April bombing of Belgrade in 1941 and all lectures and activities were suspended. The German occupation forces moved into the building. Although there were later attempts of the occupation authorities to do the restoration work, this has not occurred due to the protests and boycott of the professors and aides. In November 1941, seven teachers were imprisoned in a camp, because of their liberal attitudes and antifascist views, and two foremost Serbian authorities in legal education, Djordje Tasić and Mihajlo Ilic, were executed in 1944.
1945 to present.
The building was renewed shortly after the Second World War, but the dramatic changes engendered by the Communist rule and the decades of legal, social and political experiments have left various consequences. Immediately after the war, and later due to the ideological and political dissent, the Faculty of Law lost a number of its professors and assistants. Notably, after the well-known discourse on the constitutional amendments of 1971, the state proceeded with the criminal prosecution and imprisonment of renowned Professor Mihailo Djurić. It was a similar case with many other academics.
Despite the flagrant events from the following decades, the law school rapidly developed. An entire constellation of scholars of the new generation emerged, who continued the work of their distinguished predecessors. Alexander Soloviev, Radomir Lukić and Mihailo Djurić are some of the foremost Serbian legal academics of the 20th century. Their students until today are at the forefront of the teams of experts drafting new laws, their scholarly papers are being published abroad, they are the arbitrators at international arbitration courts, members of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts, members and officials of international scholarly institutions and professional organizations, honorary doctors at foreign universities, visiting professors at the world’s leading universities, and rectors of the University of Belgrade. 
During the 20th century, all the law schools that later emerged in Serbia (Subotica, Novi Sad, Priština, Niš, Kragujevac), Montenegro (Podgorica), and in other parts of the former Yugoslavia (Sarajevo, Skoplje) were formed from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law as a core. A large number of law professors from all the countries of the former Yugoslavia had obtained their academic titles in Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="18998484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998484" title="Albert Pinkus">
Albert Pinkus

Albert Sidney Pinkus (20 March 1903, New York – 4 February 1984, New York) was an American chess master and author. In 1943 and 1944, he published an analysis of the Two Knights Defense in "Chess Review".
Chess career.
Pinkus won the Hallgarten Tournament in 1925, and the Junior Masters' Tournament in 1927. In both events he out-scored Isaac Kashdan. In 1932, he embarked on a series of ten expeditions to the jungles of British Guiana and Venezuela to collect zoological and botanical specimens. In 1939, he returned to New York to work on Wall Street as a stockbroker and resumed his chess career.
He tied for fourth/fifth at New York 1940 (US Chess Championship, Samuel Reshevsky won), tied for third/fourth at Ventnor City 1941 (Jacob Levin won), tied for third at New York 1942 (US championship, Reshevsky won), shared third at Ventnor City 1942 (Daniel Yanofsky won), took fifth place at New York 1944 (US championship, Arnold Denker won), and tied for second/third at Ventnor City 1944 (Levin won).
Pinkus won twice in the Manhattan Chess Club Championship (1941 and 1945) and shared second in 1955. He also won New York State Chess Championship in 1947. He played in several radio matches: USA vs. USSR (1945), New York vs. La Plata (1947), USA vs. Yugoslavia (1950).

</doc>
<doc id="18998489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998489" title="The Rampaging Hulk">
The Rampaging Hulk

The Rampaging Hulk is a black-and-white magazine published by Curtis Magazines (an imprint of Marvel Comics) from 1977–1978. With issue #10, it changed its format to color, and title to The Hulk!, and ran another 17 issues before it folded in 1981. It was a rare attempt by Marvel to mix their superhero characters with the "mature readers" black-and-white magazine format.
With the change to color and the title to "The Hulk!", the magazine became Marvel's attempt to cash in on the popularity of "The Incredible Hulk" TV series, starring Bill Bixby and Lou Ferrigno, both of whom were prominently featured and interviewed over the course of the magazine's run, as was executive producer Kenneth Johnson.
Publication history.
"The Rampaging Hulk" ran for 9 issues from January 1977 to June 1978. With issue #10, the bi-monthly magazine changed its title to "The Hulk!" and became a full-color book utilizing "Marvelcolor".
The magazine featured fully painted covers by such artists as Ken Barr, Earl Norem, and Joe Jusko. One cover in particular, painted by Norem, is one of the most iconic promotional/poster images of the Hulk: a darkly-lit close-up of his face, gritting his teeth with his knuckles raised, done for "The Hulk!" #17.
Artists such as Walter Simonson, John Buscema, Howard Chaykin, John Romita, Sr., John Romita, Jr. (doing some of his first professional work), Keith Pollard, Jim Starlin, Joe Jusko, Bill Sienkiewicz, Val Mayerik, Herb Trimpe, Roger Stern, Brent Anderson, and Gene Colan provided interior artwork; while writers such as Starlin, Doug Moench, Dennis O'Neil, and Archie Goodwin took on the scripting chores. 
Through its run the magazine published backup features starring Ulysses Bloodstone (issues #1–6, #8) Man-Thing (issue #7) and Shanna the She-Devil (issue #9). Moon Knight was featured in issues #11–15, #17–18, and #20, featuring some of Bill Sienkiewicz' early work, when his style was similar to that of Neal Adams.
With issue #24, the title returned to black-and-white, though it published the last Dominic Fortune backup story in full color. The magazine was retired with issue #27.
Editorial direction.
Editorially, the stories in "The Rampaging Hulk" were stated to be set between the end of his original, short-lived solo title and the beginning of his feature in "Tales to Astonish". However, a problem was pointed out by fans in the letter columns. Despite back-dating the events, the stories depicted the Hulk "per se" contemporaneously, speaking in his "Hulk smash!" pidgin English, changing to and from Bruce Banner based on his emotions, and wearing tattered purple trousers; whereas in the claimed time frame he spoke fluent if gangsterish English, transformed via a gamma ray machine, and wore neat purple trunks.
Although "Rampaging Hulk" / "The Hulk!" was intended to feature stand-alone stories, some characters (such as the extraterrestrial Bereet) crossed over into "The Incredible Hulk" title. Bereet appeared in issue #269 (March 1982) of the regular series to explain away the "Rampaging" series as fictions she created for the entertainment of her homeworld's residents. This rendered the "Rampaging Hulk" stories into metafiction. The title has a few memorable stories such "Rampaging Hulk" #4, in which a wizard named Chen K'an transports the Hulk across space to his dying world, which has been overrun by demon hordes. He needs the Hulk attain a mystical object of power called the Star of Catalax, but he finds the "Hulk smash" persona quite irritating. Chen K'an attempts to merge this personality along with Banner's, and winds up with a wise guy "Mr. Big" Grey Hulk persona. 
Other Marvel mainstays also appeared, with the X-Men making an appearance in issue #2, and the Avengers in issue #9.
Collected editions.
An Essential Marvel volume of "Rampaging Hulk" collects "Rampaging Hulk" #1–9, "The Hulk!" #10–15, and "The Incredible Hulk" #269—only Hulk stories reprinted (ISBN 0-7851-2699-6). The second volume collected "Hulk!" #16–27 (ISBN 0-7851-4255-X).

</doc>
<doc id="18998492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998492" title="Mariceae">
Mariceae

Mariceae is a tribe included in the Iridaceae family, Iridoideae subfamily. It's the smallest tribe in this subfamily because It contains only three closely related genera.
The species are wildly distributed only in South and Central America. A big part of the members are native to Brazil. They represents tropical plants which grows mainly in moist environments.
The rootstock is rhizome, the leaves are traditionally sword-shaped. The blooms are collected in inflorescence and contains six tepals. Three of them are different from the others. The ovary is 3-locular.
The plants has good ornamental traits but they are not very often used in cultivation. Some of them has more specific needs but some are much easier for growing. Well, sometimes these species are difficult to find.
List of genera:

</doc>
<doc id="18998527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998527" title="Sarkuwa">
Sarkuwa

Sarkuwa is a village development committee of Baglung District of the Dhawalagiri Zone, situated in the western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,516 and had 495 houses in the village. Sarkuwa is situated in the Southern part of Baglung district. It is surrounded by Kusmishera, Damek, Paiyunthantap, Rangkhani, Jaidi, Arjewa and Binamare Village Development Committees. It has one of the oldest highschools of Baglung district and it has turned in to a Higher Secondary School (Janata Higher Secondary School situated at Ward No. 6- Sarkuwa) since 2006. Sarkuwa has five Elementary schools (in Maulachha, Sisnera, Tallamadi, Gairamadi and Ganwo). People from Brahmin, Chhetri, Thakuri, Magar, Sarki and Kami races are living in Sarkuwa. All of them follow Hindu religion. All of the population depends on agriculture. Rice, wheat, millet and corn are the major productions. Four villages of Sarkuwa (Maulachha, Sisnera, Ekrate-Ratamata and Sarkuwa) have been electrified from Theule Khola Hydro Project (25 KW), one (Tallamadi)from Tallamadi Microhydro and the rest from solar batteries. Part of Sarkuwa and Gairamadi are getting electricity from a hydroproject in the neighboring Damek VDC. Telecommunication is accessible in almost all villages now. Two branches of raw motorway have been extended from Kusmishera through Sarkuwa.

</doc>
<doc id="18998537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998537" title="Singana">
Singana

Singana is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,365 and had 624 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18998547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998547" title="Sisakhani">
Sisakhani

Sisakhani is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,845 and had 311 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18998550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998550" title="Stephanie Au">
Stephanie Au

Stephanie Au Hoi-Shun (; born 30 May 1992) is a two-time swimmer from Hong Kong. She represented Hong Kong at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She is currently the holder of Hong Kong long course records in 200 m, 400 m, 800 m and 1500 m freestyle as well as 4×100 m medley relay, together with short course records in 400 m, 800 m and 1500 m freestyle, 4×100 m medley relay, and 4×100 m freestyle relay. She studied at Sacred Heart Canossian College. She now swims and studies at the University of California, Berkeley. She is also a winner of the 24th Hong Kong Outstanding Students Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18998551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998551" title="The Virginia Mountaineer">
The Virginia Mountaineer

The Virginia Mountaineer is a weekly community newspaper focusing on Buchanan County, Virginia and surrounding areas in Central Appalachia. It is located out of Grundy, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18998554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998554" title="Sukhaura">
Sukhaura

Sukhaura is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,346 and had 256 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18998558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998558" title="Sunkhani, Baglung">
Sunkhani, Baglung

Sunkhani is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="18998568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998568" title="Taman, Nepal">
Taman, Nepal

Taman is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,651 and had 509 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18998576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998576" title="Hans-Dietrich von Tiesenhausen">
Hans-Dietrich von Tiesenhausen

Hans-Diedrich Freiherr von Tiesenhausen (22 February 1913 – 17 August 2000) was a German "Kapitänleutnant" with the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Life.
Tiesenhausen sailed with the and . He achieved his greatest success as a U-boat commander by sinking the British battleship on 25 November 1941. On his 3rd patrol "U-331" returned to the Egyptian coast. On 17 November she landed seven men of the "Lehrregiment Brandenburg" east of Ras Gibeisa, on a mission to blow up a railway line near the coast, which failed.
"U-331" was sunk on 17 November 1942, north of Algiers, during "Operation Torch". She had been badly damaged after being attacked by a Lockheed Hudson bomber and signalled surrender, but was attacked and sunk by a Fairey Albacore torpedo-bomber from the British aircraft carrier . Of her crew 32 were killed and 17 survived including Tiesenhausen. He was a prisoner of war in England and Canada until 1947 when he returned to Germany. He worked as a joiner, but in late 1951 he returned to Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18998577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998577" title="Tangram, Nepal">
Tangram, Nepal

Tangram is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,242 and had 588 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18998589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998589" title="Tara, Nepal">
Tara, Nepal

Tara is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,705 and had 698 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18998613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998613" title="Mike Cather">
Mike Cather

Michael Peter Cather (born December 17, 1970) is a former right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher who played three baseball seasons as a major league baseball player for the Atlanta Braves. Cather was born in San Diego, California. Cather also pitched in the organizations of the Texas Rangers, Florida Marlins, and St. Louis Cardinals. He is 6' 2" in height, and 195 lb. in weight.
Pitching career.
He attended the University of California at Berkeley where he participated in college baseball. In college, he had pitched in the 1992 College World Series. He was drafted in the 41st round of the free-agent draft by the Texas Rangers and was signed on June 5, 1993. On June 14, 1995, he was released by the Texas Rangers and was purchased by the Atlanta Braves from Winnipeg (Northern) on February 2, 1996.
Cather made his major league debut on July 13, at age 26 with the Atlanta Braves. On that day, the New York Mets were playing against the Atlanta Braves at Turner Field with 42,111 people attending the game. In the top of the seventh inning, Cather was called to replace Keith Lockhart pitching and batting ninth. He pitched two innings, striking out one batter and allowing only one base on balls. At the end of the game, the Atlanta Braves lost against the New york Mets with the score at 7-6.
He did not allow an earned run over his first eight games. He earned his first major-league win on September 22 in the Braves’ 11-inning, 3-2 win against the Montreal Expos, the same night the Braves earned the National League Eastern Division title. In the National League Division Series that year, he pitched two scoreless innings in Game 2 against the Houston Astros and did not allow a run over four games in the National League Championship Series against the Florida Marlins.
In the season, he played and made it on the Opening Day roster. On August 31 of the same season, Cather was placed on the 60-day disabled list due to a circulatory problem of Cather's right arm. He had surgery in October in order to remove his first rib on his right side, which was impinging on an artery (thoracic outlet syndrome). He then was able to play the season, playing his last Major League Baseball game on April 12, 1999, and was granted free agency on October 15. In , he played Triple-A in Minor League Baseball in the Florida Marlins organization. In , he played in the St. Louis Cardinals organization.
Instructor, coach and scout.
Cather became a private instructor for pitchers from 2001 to . In , he joined the Boston Red Sox organization as the pitching coach for the Wilmington Blue Rocks of the Class A Carolina League. He was promoted in to be the pitching coach for the Portland Sea Dogs of the Double-A Eastern League and spent three seasons in that post. In –, he was one of the MLB Red Sox' advance scouts. He then returned to coaching in when he was named the roving minor league pitching coordinator of the San Diego Padres. After two years in that position, he was named the pitching coach of the El Paso Chihuahuas, the Padres' affiliate in the Triple-A Pacific Coast League.
Career statistics.
Career Statistics:

</doc>
<doc id="18998619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998619" title="Tityang">
Tityang

Tityang is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="18998630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998630" title="Archery at the 2007 Black Sea Games – Men's individual">
Archery at the 2007 Black Sea Games – Men's individual

The Men's individual archery event at the 2007 Black Sea Games was part of the archery programme and took place at the Akçaabat Fatih Stadium. Ranking Round was scheduled for July 5. And rest of the competition July 6. 
23 archers from 6 countries for the event at the 2007 Black Sea Games. 
The competition began with the ranking round. Each archer fired 72 arrows. This round was done entirely to seed the elimination brackets; all archers moved on to them. The elimination rounds used a single-elimination tournament, with fixed brackets based on the ranking round seeding. In each round of elimination, the two archers in each match fired 12 arrows; the archer with the higher score advanced to the next round while the other archer was eliminated. 
the oldest archer : Daniel Ciornei, , February 8, 1989 
the youngest archer : Gogita Kakabadze, , September 23, 1993

</doc>
<doc id="18998636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998636" title="Lake Greenwood State Recreation Area">
Lake Greenwood State Recreation Area

Lake Greenwood State Recreation Area is a state park located near the town of Ninety Six in Greenwood County, South Carolina. The park partially sits on a series of peninsulas on the Lake Greenwood.
The state park sits on land donated in 1938 by Greenwood County and was one of 16 built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in South Carolina. Many of the structures built by the corps are still prominent features at the present day including picnic shelters, a water fountain, a lakeside terrace and a boathouse. 
Activities available at the park include picnicking, fishing, boating, hiking and camping. 
The John Drummond and Holly Self Drummond Environmental Education Conference Center includes the Civilian Conservation Corps Museum, which features interactive exhibits detailing the history and projects of the Civilian Conservation Corps in South Carolina parks. The Conference Center is used for meetings and events.
A half distance Ironman competition is hosted by the park each September.

</doc>
<doc id="18998651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998651" title="2008 European Men's Fistball Championship">
2008 European Men's Fistball Championship

The 2008 European Men's Fistball Championship was held in Stuttgart (Germany) from July 25 to July 27 with seven men's national teams: Austria, Catalonia, Czech Republic, Germany, Italy, Serbia and Switzerland. The matches were played in Stammheim district.
Teams.
Group A
Group B
Semifinals classification.
Match classification 4th group A - 1st group B
Final round.
Finals.
3rd-4th places
Final

</doc>
<doc id="18998662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998662" title="2006 Racquetball World Championships">
2006 Racquetball World Championships

The 13th Racquetball World Championships were held in Santo Domingo (Dominican Republic) from August 3 to 13, with 22 men's national teams and 18 women's national teams in the national teams competition; and several players in the Singles and Doubles competition. 
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18998664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998664" title="Sergey Ulegin">
Sergey Ulegin

Sergey Ulegin (born October 8, 1977 in Engels) is a Russian canoer who has been competing since 2001 He won a silver in the men's C-2 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
At the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, Ulegin has won four medals with two golds (C-2 500 m: 2006, C-4 200 m: 2002), a silver (C-4 200 m: 2009), and a bronze (C-2 500 m: 2002).
Doping controversy.
At the 2003 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Gainesville, Georgia in the United States, Ulegin initially won golds in the C-4 200 m and C-4 500 m events, and a silver in the C-2 500 m event. However, Ulegin tested positive for doping at those championships. A November 29, 2003 International Canoe Federation (ICF) Executive Committee meeting in Prague, Czech Republic confirmed that Ulegin's B-sample was positive like the A-test he gave in Gainesville. This led the ICF to issue a two-year suspension for Ulegin from September 14, 2003 to September 14, 2005. Ulegin became the second sprint canoer stripped of his medals for doping either at the Summer Olympics or the World championships as a result. Ulegin served his two-year suspension, missing the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens and the 2005 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Zagreb, Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="18998667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998667" title="2008 Racquetball World Championships">
2008 Racquetball World Championships

The 14th Racquetball World Championships were held in Kingscourt (Ireland) from August 2 to 9, 2008, with 22 men's national teams and 15 women's national teams; and several players in the Singles and Doubles competition.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18998679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998679" title="Diocese of Poggio Mirteto">
Diocese of Poggio Mirteto

The former Italian Catholic diocese of Poggio Mirteto, in Perugia, existed from 1841 to 1925. In that year it was united into the diocese of Sabina to form the suburbicarian see of Sabina e Poggio Mirteto.
Poggio Mirteto was under the jurisdiction of the Abbey of Farfa, which passed to the Diocese of Sabina, and from which the territory of the See of Poggio Mirteto was taken in 1841. The old collegiate church became the cathedral, and a seminary was established. The first bishop was Nicolo Crispigni. The last was Cardinal Gaetano de Lai.

</doc>
<doc id="18998688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998688" title="Lynn Wardle">
Lynn Wardle

Lynn D. Wardle is Bruce C. Hafen Professor of Law at the J. Reuben Clark Law School of Brigham Young University (BYU). He specializes in family law, constitutional law, and bioethics.
Wardle holds the Bruce C. Hafen Professorship at the J. Reuben Clark Law School. He has testified before congressional committees in favor of the Federal Marriage Amendment and the Defense of Marriage Act. Wardle also opposes allowing same-sex couples to adopt children. 
Wardle spoke at the 1997 World Congress of Families in Prague and at the 2007 World Congress of Families in Warsaw, Poland on the same general topic. 
Wardle was the General Secretary of the International Society for Family Law (ISFL) and later its president. He remains on its Executive Council. He also edits the Society's web site.
Wardle received his Bachelor's degree from BYU in 1971 and graduated "cum laude " from Duke University Law School in 1974. He was a clerk for Judge John Sirica.

</doc>
<doc id="18998692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998692" title="Laurie Corbelli">
Laurie Corbelli

Laurie Flachmeier Corbelli (born January 28, 1957 in Detroit, Michigan) is a former professional indoor volleyball player. She is currently the head coach of the Texas A&M Aggies women's volleyball team, a position she has served since 1993.
Coaching career.
Corbelli began her head coaching career at the University of San Francisco, where she served from 1986–89. She compiled a 39–71 overall record there. In 1990, she moved to Santa Clara University, accumulating a 61–35 record in three seasons. In 1993, she started coaching at Texas A&M University, and continues to serve as the head coach there.

</doc>
<doc id="18998707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998707" title="Station (frontier defensive structure)">
Station (frontier defensive structure)

A station was a defensible residence constructed on the American frontier during the late 18th and early 19th century. 
Many of these structures were built on the Kentucky frontier during the struggle with the British and Native Americans. According to Virginia law, settled land had to be surveyed, a corn crop planted and a dwelling built. On the frontier, this building had to be fortified. 
The home, often called a station, but could be called a fort in other regions, was usually built of logs and were supplied only while hostilities were continuing. Families often maintained a station and visitors were always welcome, since in numbers there was strength. Veterans were given land grants after the American Revolution, and many built a station to secure the area. 
The purpose for stations in Kentucky was for protection, since most Native Americans at the time supported the British and often attacked the settlers. 

</doc>
<doc id="18998709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998709" title="Simon Bill">
Simon Bill

Simon Bill (born 1958, Kingston-upon-Thames) is a contemporary English visual artist who lives and works in Sheffield. He studied art at Saint Martin's School of Art in London from 1977–1980 and at The Royal College of Art, also in London, from 1982-1985. His work is in the public collection of the Leeds City Art Gallery.
Working practice.
Bill has almost exclusively exhibited oval paintings on plywood or MDF board, each measuring 127 cm / 97 cm / 5 cm. The subjects of his work are as varied as the materials he uses to create them, which include oil, acrylic, spray, day-glo, blackboard, and glass paints, as well as parcel string, gaffer tape, silicon, permanent markers, various types of foam, emulsion, corn, PVA, foil, fabric swatches, wood stains, hair, yacht varnish, modeling paste, drilled holes, fake gems, polystyrene, and wool.
Writing in Frieze, in 2004, the art critic Jeffrey Kastner said, "You’ve got to wonder about Simon Bill. He paints large, wickedly distorted portraits of former British icons - such as Mr Blobby and the little squeezy-toy Troll guy - in a pastily translucent mixture of oil and dirty wax, like serendipitously congealed puddles of corrupted bodily fluids. These monumentally ugly paintings are so studiously unpleasant, so fuck-you disgusting that they don’t so much red-line the shock meter as overload it entirely. While his works rely on a certain warped nostalgia for their subjects, Bill isn’t attempting in any meaningful way to postpone their interment in the pop culture graveyard. In fact, his whole plan relies on them spending at least some time down among the worms. He prefers to wait for the rot to set in a bit before digging them up and performing his malevolent reanimations on them." 
Exhibitions.
Solo exhibitions include "The Loved One" (2008) at Patrick Painter Inc. in Santa Monica, California, "Odd" (2007) at Figge von Rosen Galerie, Cologne, Germany, "Oooh!" (2006) at Stuart Shave/Modern Art in London, "OOO! (oval paintings)" (2006) at Outpost Gallery, in Norwich, and "Three Painters: Simon Bill" (2002) at The Cornerhouse in Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="18998715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998715" title="Lindsay, Nebraska">
Lindsay, Nebraska

Lindsay is a village in Platte County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 255 at the 2010 census.
Geography.
Lindsay is located at (41.700622, -97.694605).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the village has a total area of , all of it land.
History.
Founding and Naming.
In 1862, subject to the provisions of the Homestead Act, Families began settling int the fertile land near Shell Creek. The first settler, John M. Walker named the town for the common hometown of many early settlers, Lindsay, Ontario, Canada. By 1886, with the addition of settlers of German ancestry, the population reached about 200, and it received "village" status on March 7, 1888.
Early 20th Century.
By the early 20th Century, Lindsay had an electric utility and water system comprising a 100-ft well and a 60,000 gallon tank. Business establishments included one each of:
Lindsay also had two each of:
And three each of:
The Chicago and North Western Railroad's Albion Line consisted of 115 miles of tracks through Lindsay, on which were operated four freight trains and two passenger trains daily. By 1917, the population of Lindsay had grown to almost 500 people.
Lindsay Corporation.
What is now the Lindsay Corporation was founded in the village in 1955 by Paul Zimmerer as the Lindsay Manufacturing Company to be a maker of irrigation and farm automation equipment. The company has retained a manufacturing facility in Lindsay, but is now headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska and its stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange with a ticker symbol of LNN. In 2005, the company accounted for 80% of employment in Lindsay, employing about 460 persons of the village's total employment of 577.
Demographics.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 255 people, 111 households, and 77 families residing in the village. The population density was . There were 127 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% White, 1.2% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.6% of the population.
There were 111 households of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were married couples living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.77.
The median age in the village was 48.2 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.2% were from 25 to 44; 30.6% were from 45 to 64; and 23.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.
2000 census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 276 people, 124 households, and 73 families residing in the village. The population density was 808.0 people per square mile (313.4/km²). There were 136 housing units at an average density of 398.1 per square mile (154.4/km²). The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% White. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.36% of the population.
There were 124 households out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were married couples living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.1% were non-families. 40.3% of all households were made up of individuals and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 3.07.
In the village the population was spread out with 24.6% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 112.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.1 males.
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $32,232, and the median income for a family was $45,313. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $17,500 for females. The per capita income for the village was $17,103. About 3.7% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 13.2% of those sixty five or over.

</doc>
<doc id="18998716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998716" title="Sunkhani">
Sunkhani

Sunkhani may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18998720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998720" title="BP">
BP

BP plc, sometimes referred to by its former name British Petroleum, is a British multinational oil and gas company headquartered in London, England. It is the sixth-largest energy company by market capitalization, the fifth-largest company in the world measured by 2012 revenues, and the sixth-largest oil and gas company measured by 2012 production. It is one of the six oil and gas "supermajors". BP is vertically integrated and operates in all areas of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. It also has renewable energy activities in biofuels and wind power.
As of December 2012, BP had operations in over 80 countries, produced around 3.3 million barrels per day of oil equivalent, had total proved reserves of 17 billion barrels of oil equivalent, and had around 20,700 service stations. Its largest division is BP America, which is the second-largest producer of oil and gas in the United States. BP owns a 19.75% stake in the Russian oil major Rosneft, the world's largest publicly traded oil and gas company by hydrocarbon reserves and production. BP has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index; it had a market capitalisation of £85.2 billion as of April 2013, the fourth-largest of any company listed on the exchange. It has secondary listings on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange.
BP's origins date back to the founding of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company in 1909, established as a subsidiary of Burmah Oil Company to exploit oil discoveries in Iran. In 1935, it became the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company and in 1954 British Petroleum. In 1959, the company expanded beyond the Middle East to Alaska and in 1965 it was the first company to strike oil in the North Sea. British Petroleum acquired majority control of Standard Oil of Ohio in 1978. Formerly majority state-owned, the British government privatised the company in stages between 1979 and 1987. British Petroleum merged with Amoco in 1998 and acquired ARCO and Burmah Castrol in 2000. From 2003 to 2013, BP was a partner in the TNK-BP joint venture in Russia.
BP has been involved in several major environmental and safety incidents. Among them were the 2005 Texas City Refinery explosion, which caused the death of 15 workers and resulted in a record-setting OSHA fine; Britain's largest oil spill, the wreck of "Torrey Canyon"";" and the 2006 Prudhoe Bay oil spill, the largest oil spill on Alaska's North Slope, which resulted in a US$25 million civil penalty, the largest per-barrel penalty at that time for an oil spill.
The 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill, the largest accidental release of oil into marine waters in history, resulted in severe environmental, health and economic consequences. The company plead guilty to 11 counts of felony manslaughter, two misdemeanors, and one felony count of lying to Congress, and agreed to pay more than $4.5 billion in fines and penalties, the largest criminal resolution in US history. Legal proceedings expected to conclude in 2014 are ongoing to determine payouts and fines under the Clean Water Act and the Natural Resources Damage Assessment. BP faces damages of up to $17.6 billion in the trial.
History.
1909 to 1954.
In May 1908 a group of British geologists discovered a large amount of oil at Masjid-i-Suleiman in Iran. It was the first commercially significant find of oil in the Middle East. The Shah of Iran granted a concession to William Knox D'Arcy to enable the British to drill for Iran's oil. On 14 April 1909, the Anglo-Persian Oil Company (APOC) was incorporated as a subsidiary of Burmah Oil Company Some of the shares were sold to the public. The first chairman and minority shareholder of the company became Lord Strathcona.
Immediately after establishing the company, construction of the Abadan Refinery and the pipeline from Masjid to Abadan started. The refinery was commissioned in 1912. In 1913, the British Government acquired a controlling interest (50.0025%) in the company and at the suggestion of Winston Churchill, the British navy switched from coal to oil. The Royal Navy, which projected British power all over the world, came to be run 100% on oil from Iran. In 1915, APOC established its shipping subsidiary the British Tanker Company and in 1916 it acquired the British Petroleum Company which was a marketing arm of the German "Europäische Petroleum Union" in Britain. In 1919, the company became a shale-oil producer by establishing a subsidiary named Scottish Oils which merged remaining Scottish oil-shale industries.
After World War I, APOC started marketing its products in Continental Europe and acquired stakes in the local marketing companies in several European countries. Refineries were built in Llandarcy in Wales (the first refinery in the United Kingdom) and Grangemouth in Scotland. It also acquired the controlling stake in the Courchelettes refinery in France and formed with the Government of Australia a partnership named Commonwealth Oil Refineries, which built the Australian's first refinery in Laverton, Victoria. In 1923, Burmah employed Winston Churchill as a paid consultant to lobby the British government to allow APOC have exclusive rights to Persian oil resources, which were subsequently granted by the Iranian monarchy.
APOC and the Armenian businessman Calouste Gulbenkian were the driving forces behind the creation of Turkish Petroleum Company (TPC) in 1912 to explore oil in Mesopotamia (now Iraq); and by 1914, APOC held 50% of TPC shares. In 1925, TPC received concession in the Mesopotamian oil resources from the Iraqi government under British mandate. TPC finally struck oil in Iraq on 14 October 1927. By 1928, the APOC's shareholding in TPC, which by now was named Iraq Petroleum Company (IPC), was reduced to 23.75%; as the result of the changing geopolitics post Ottoman empire break-up, and the Red Line Agreement. Relations were generally cordial between the pro-west Hashemite Monarchy (1932–58) in Iraq and IPC, in spite of disputes centered around Iraq's wish for greater involvement and more royalties. During the 1928–68 time period, IPC monopolised oil exploration inside the Red Line; excluding Saudi Arabia and Bahrain.
In 1932, APOC and Royal Dutch Shell formed the joint marketing company in the United Kingdom named Shell-Mex and BP. In 1934, APOC and Gulf Oil founded the Kuwait Oil Company as an equally owned partnership. The oil concession rights were awarded to the company on 23 December 1934 and the company started drilling operations in 1936. In 1935, Rezā Shāh requested the international community to refer to Persia as 'Iran', which was reflected in the name change of APOC to the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company (AIOC). In 1937, AIOC and Royal Dutch Shell formed the Shell/D'Arcy Exploration Partners partnership to explore for oil in Nigeria. The partnership was equally owned but operated by Shell. It was later replaced by Shell-D'Arcy Petroleum Development Company and Shell-BP Petroleum Development Company (now Shell Petroleum Development Company).
Following World War II, nationalistic sentiments were on the rise in the Middle East; most notable being Iranian nationalism, and Arab Nationalism. In Iran, the AIOC and the pro-western Iranian government led by Prime Minister Ali Razmara resisted nationalist calls to revise AIOC's concession terms in Iran's favour. In March 1951, Razmara was assassinated and Mohammed Mossadeq, a nationalist, was elected as the new prime minister by the Majlis of Iran (parliament). In April 1951, the Iranian government nationalised the Iranian oil industry by unanimous vote, and the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) was formed, displacing the AIOC. The AIOC withdrew its management from Iran, and Britain organised an effective worldwide embargo of Iranian oil. The British government, which owned the AIOC, contested the nationalisation at the International Court of Justice at The Hague, but its complaint was dismissed.
Prime Minister Churchill asked President Eisenhower for help in overthrowing Mossadeq. The anti-Mossadeq plan was orchestrated under the code-name 'Operation Ajax' by CIA, and 'Operation Boot' by SIS (MI6). The CIA and the British helped stage a coup in August 1953, the 1953 Iranian coup d'état, which established pro-Western general Fazlollah Zahedi as the new PM, and greatly strengthened the political power of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi. The AIOC was able to return to Iran.
1954 to 1979.
In 1954, the AIOC became the British Petroleum Company. After the 1953 Iranian coup d'état, Iranian Oil Participants Ltd (IOP), a holding company, was founded in October 1954 in London to bring Iranian oil back to the international market. British Petroleum was a founding member of this company with 40% stake. IOP operated and managed oil facilities in Iran on behalf of NIOC. Similar to the Saudi-Aramco "50/50" agreement of 1950, the consortium agreed to share profits on a 50–50 basis with Iran, "but not to open its books to Iranian auditors or to allow Iranians onto its board of directors."
In 1953 British Petroleum entered the Canadian market through the purchase of a minority stake in Calgary-based Triad Oil Company, and expanded further to Alaska in 1959, resulting discovery of oil at Prudhoe Bay in 1969. In 1956, its subsidiary D'Arcy Exploration Co. (Africa). Ltd. has been granted four oil concessions in Libya. In 1962, Scottish Oils ceased oil-shale operations. In 1965, it was the first company to strike oil in the North Sea. The Canadian holding company of British Petroleum was renamed BP Canada in 1969; and in 1971, it acquired 97.8% stake of Supertest Petroleum. Subsequently, Supertest was renamed to BP Canada, and other Canadian interests of British Petroleum were amalgamated to the new company.
By the 1960s, British Petroleum had developed a reputation for taking on the riskiest ventures. It earned the company massive profits; it also earned them the worst safety record in the industry. In 1967, the giant oil tanker "Torrey Canyon" foundered off the English coast. Over 100 tonnes of crude oil were spilled into the Atlantic and onto the beaches of Cornwall and Brittany, causing Britain's worst-ever oil spill. The ship was owned by the Bahamas-based Barracuda Tanker Corporation and was flying the flag of Liberia, a well-known flag of convenience, but was being chartered by British Petroleum. The ship was bombed by RAF jet bombers in an effort to break up the ship and burn off the leaking oil, but this failed to destroy the oil slick.
The company's oil assets were nationalised in Libya in 1971, in Kuwait in 1975, and in Nigeria in 1979. In Iraq, IPC ceased its operations after it was nationalised by the Ba'athist Iraqi government in June 1972 although legally Iraq Petroleum Company still remains extant, and one of its associated companies —Abu Dhabi Petroleum Company (ADPC), formerly Petroleum Development (Trucial Coast) Ltd — also continues with the original shareholding intact.
The intensified power struggle between oil companies and host governments in Middle East, along with the oil price shocks that followed the 1973 oil crisis meant British Petroleum lost most of its direct access to crude oil supplies produced in countries that belonged to the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), and prompted it to diversify its operations beyond the heavily Middle East dependent oil production. In 1976, BP and Shell de-merged their marketing operations in the United Kingdom by dividing Shell-Mex and BP. In 1978 the company acquired a controlling interest in Standard Oil of Ohio (Sohio).
In Iran, British Petroleum continued to operate until the Islamic Revolution in 1979. The new regime of Ayatollah Khomeini confiscated all of the company's assets in Iran without compensation, bringing to an end its 70-year presence in Iran. British Petroleum was forced to look elsewhere for its oil.
In 1970–1980s BP diversified into coal, minerals and nutrition businesses which all were divested later.
1979 to 2000.
The British Government sold 80 million shares of BP at $7.58 in 1979 as part of Thatcher-era privatisation. This sale represented slightly more than 5% of BP's total shares and reduced the government's ownership of the company to 46%. After the worldwide stock market crash on October 19, 1987, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher initiated the sale of an additional GBP7.5 billion ($12.2 billion) of BP shares at 333 pence, representing the government's remaining 31% stake in the company. 
In November 1987 the Kuwait Investment Office purchased a 10.06% interest in BP, becoming the largest institutional shareholder. The following May, the KIO purchased additional shares, bringing their ownership to 21.6%. This raised concerns within BP that operations in the United States, BP's primary country of operations, would suffer. In October 1988, the British Department of Trade and Industry required the KIO to reduce its shares to 9.6% within 12 months.
Peter Walters was the company chairman from 1981 to 1990. During his period as chairman he reduced company's refining capacity in Europe. In 1982, the downstream assets of BP Canada were sold to Petro Canada. In 1984, Standard Oil of California was renamed to Chevron Corporation; and it bought Gulf Oil—the largest merger in history at that time. To settle the anti-trust regulation, Chevron divested many of Gulf's operating subsidiaries, and sold some Gulf stations and a refinery in the eastern United States to British Petroleum and Cumberland Farms in 1985. In 1987, British Petroleum negotiated the acquisition of Britoil and the remaining publicly traded shares of Standard Oil of Ohio. At the same year it was listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange where its share were traded until delisting in 2008.
Walters was replaced by Robert Horton in 1989. Horton carried out a major corporate down-sizing exercise removing various tiers of management at the Head Office. In 1992, British Petroleum sold off its 57% stake in BP Canada (upstream operations), which was renamed as Talisman Energy. John Browne, who had joined BP in 1966 and rose through the ranks to join the board as managing director in 1991, was appointed group chief executive in 1995.
British Petroleum entered into Russian market in 1990 and opened its first service station in Moscow in 1996. In 1997, it acquired 10% stake in Russian oil company Sidanco, which later became a part of TNK-BP.
2000 to 2010.
Under John Browne, British Petroleum acquired other oil companies, transforming BP into the third largest oil company in the world. British Petroleum merged with Amoco (formerly Standard Oil of Indiana) in December 1998, becoming BP Amoco plc. Most Amoco stations in the United States were converted to BP's brand and corporate identity. In 2000, BP Amoco acquired Arco (Atlantic Richfield Co.) and Burmah Castrol. As part of the merger's brand awareness, the company helped the Tate Modern gallery of British Art launch "RePresenting Britain 1500–2000". In 2001, in response to negative press on British Petroleum's poor safety standards, the company adopted a green sunburst logo and rebranded itself as BP ("Beyond Petroleum") plc.
In the beginning of the 2000s, BP became the leading partner (and later operator) of the Baku–Tbilisi–Ceyhan pipeline project which opened a new oil transportation route from the Caspian region. On 1 September 2003, BP and a group of Russian billionaires, known as AAR (Alfa-Access-Renova), announced the creation of a strategic partnership to jointly hold their oil assets in Russia and Ukraine. As a result, TNK-ВР was created.
In 2004, BP's olefins and derivatives business was moved into a separate entity which was sold to Ineos in 2005. In 2007, BP sold its corporate-owned convenience stores, typically known as "BP Connect", to local franchisees and jobbers.
On 23 March 2005, 15 workers were killed and more than 170 injured in the Texas City Refinery explosion. To save money, major upgrades to the 1934 refinery had been postponed. Browne pledged to prevent another catastrophe. Three months later, 'Thunder Horse PDQ', BP's giant new production platform in the Gulf of Mexico, nearly sank during a hurricane. In their rush to finish the $1 billion platform, workers had installed a valve backwards, allowing the ballast tanks to flood. Inspections revealed other shoddy work. Repairs costing hundreds of millions would keep Thunder Horse out of commission for three years.
Lord Browne resigned from BP on 1 May 2007. The new chief executive became head of exploration and production Tony Hayward. In 2009, Hayward shifted emphasis from Lord Browne's focus on alternative energy, announcing that safety would henceforth be the company's "number one priority".
In 2009, BP obtained a production contract during the 2009/2010 Iraqi oil services contracts tender to develop the Rumaila field with joint venture partner CNPC, which contain an estimated of oil, accounting for 12% of Iraq's oil reserves estimated at . In June 2010, the BP/CNPC consortium took over development of the field, which was the epicentre of the 1990 Gulf war.
2010 to present.
On 1 October 2010, Bob Dudley replaced Tony Hayward as the company's CEO after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. After the oil spill BP announced a divestment program to sell about $38 billion worth of non-core assets by 2013 to compensate its liabilities related to the accident. In July 2010, it sold its natural gas activities in Alberta and British Columbia, Canada, to Apache Corporation. It sold its stake in the Petroperija and Bouqeron fields in Venezuela and in the Lan Tay and Lan Do fields, the Nam Con Son pipeline and terminal, and the Phu My 3 power plant in Vietnam to TNK-BP, forecourts and supply businesses in Namibia, Botswana, Zambia, Tanzania and Malawi to Puma Energy, the Wytch Farm onshore oilfield in Dorset and a package of North Sea gas assets to Perenco, natural-gas liquids business in Canada to Plains All American Pipeline LP, natural gas assets in Kansas to Linn Energy, Carson Refinery in Southern California to Tesoro, Sunray and Hemphill gas processing plants in Texas, together with their associated gas gathering system, to Eagle Rock Energy Partners, the Texas City Refinery and associated assets to Marathon Petroleum, the Gulf of Mexico located Marlin, Dorado, King, Horn Mountain, and Holstein fields as also its stake in non-operated Diana Hoover and Ram Powell fields to Plains Exploration & Production, non-operating stake in the Draugen oil field to Norske Shell, and the UK's liquefied petroleum gas distribution business to DCC.
On 15 January 2011, Rosneft and BP announced a deal to jointly develop East-Prinovozemelsky field on the Russian arctic shelf. However, the deal was blocked by BP's co-shareholders in TNK-BP due to a dispute over Russian exploration rights between the two companies, and was nullified. In October 2012, Rosneft reached separate agreements with BP and AAR to acquire TNK-BP, with each deal subject to regulatory approval; the price for BP's shares was $12.3 billion in cash and 18.5% of Rosneft's stock. The deal was completed on 21 March 2013.
In February 2011, BP formed a partnership with Reliance Industries, taking a 30% stake in a new Indian joint-venture for an initial payment of $7.2 billion. In September 2012, BP sold its subsidiary BP Chemicals (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., an operator of the Kuantan purified terephthalic acid (PTA) plant in Malaysia, to Reliance Industries for $230 million.
In 2011–2013 BP has cut down its alternative energy business. The company announced its departure from the solar energy market in December 2011 by closing its solar power business, BP Solar. In 2012, BP shut down the BP Biofuels Highlands project which was developed since 2008 to make cellulosic ethanol from emerging energy crops like switchgrass and from biomass.
By 2013 BP had fallen from the second largest oil company to the fourth after selling off assets to cover Deepwater Horizon oil spill-related payouts.
Operations.
BP has operations in around 80 countries worldwide with the global headquarters in England, located in the St James's area of London. As of November 2013, the company had a total of 85,000 employees. BP operations are organised into two main business segments, Upstream and Downstream.
Since 1951, BP publishes its annual Statistical Review of World Energy, which is considered an energy industry benchmark.
Operations by location.
United Kingdom and Ireland.
BP operates more than 40 offshore oil and gas fields, four onshore terminals and a pipeline network that transports around 50 percent of the oil and gas produced in the UK, according to the company. , BP had produced of oil and gas equivalent in the North Sea and as of 2012 its level of production was about , BP has invested more than £35 billion in the North Sea since the 1960s, and in 2012 announced its plans to invest another £10 billion until 2017. The company announced that it is focusing its investment in the UK North Sea into four development projects including the Clair, Devenick, Schiehallion and Loyal, and Kinnoull oilfields. BP is the operator of the Clair oilfield, which has been appraised as the largest hydrocarbon resource in the UK.
In Saltend near Hull, BP operates a petrochemicals plant that produces acetic acid and acetic anhydride used in the production of pharmaceuticals, textiles and other chemical products. At the same location, the company operates a biofuel technology demonstration plant in partnership with DuPont, which uses feedstocks such as wheat to produce biobutanol. In 2007 BP formed a joint venture called Vivergo with AB Sugar and DuPont to build a biofuel plant near Hull to convert wheat into ethanol; the remaining plant matter is sold as animal feed. The plant went online in December 2012.
Retail sites operated by BP in the UK include over 1,100 service stations. Its flagship retail brand is BP Connect, a chain of service stations combined with a convenience store, a café called the "Wild Bean Cafe", and in many stations, a M&S Simply Food shop.
United States.
BP's operations in the United States comprise nearly one-third of its worldwide business interests, with more investment and employees than any other nation. As of March 2013, per the company website BP employs approximately 20,000 people in the US, where it has invested over $55 billion in energy development since 2007. In the US, BP is the second-largest producer of oil and gas. The company's US operations include assets acquired from its mergers with Amoco in 1998 and with ARCO in 2000.
BP's major subsidiary in the United States is BP America, Inc. based in Houston, Texas, which is a parent company for the BP's operations in the United States. BP Exploration & Production Inc., a 1996 established Houston-based company, is dealing with oil exploration and production, including Gulf of Mexico activities. BP Corporation North America, Inc., an 1889 established Warrenville-based company, provides petroleum refining services as also transportation fuel, heat and light energy, and petrochemical products. BP Products North America, Inc., a 1954 established Houston-based company, is engaged in the exploration, development, production, refining, and marketing of oil and natural gas. BP America Production Company, a 1930 established Eunice-based company, is engages in oil and gas exploration and development. BP Energy Company, a 1985 established Houston-based company, is a provider of natural gas, power, and risk management services to the industrial and utility sectors and a retail electric provider in Texas.
BP is the largest producer of oil and gas and the largest leaseholder in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. The company produces roughly 10% of its global output in the region, over of oil equivalent. Of the seven largest drilling platforms in the Gulf, four are operated by BP. BP has oil and gas production in the Gulf from fields including Atlantis, Mad Dog, Na Kika, and Thunder Horse. The company also holds stakes in fields operated by other companies, including the Mars, Ursa, and Great White fields. BP is the leaseholder of Mississippi Canyon Block 252 (Macondo Prospect) and the operator of the Macondo well, the site of the Deepwater Horizon explosion and oil spill. In December 2011, BP acquired 11 newly available leases for resource exploration rights to areas of federal waters in the Gulf and in June 2012 it acquired 40 further leases in the central region of the Gulf.
, the company operated about two-thirds of all Alaska North Slope production. It operates 13 oil fields, four pipelines, and owns a stake in six additional fields in the North Slope. BP is the largest partner with 46.9% stake in the long Trans-Alaska Pipeline System. In 2011 BP invested a third of its capital budget in Alaska in infrastructure renewal.
In the lower 48 states, BP has a presence in seven of the top gas basins and in 2012 produced more than of natural gas. The company is the country's sixth largest natural gas producer with a total of 10,000 wells. Its North America Gas division has shale positions in the Woodford, Oklahoma, Fayetteville, Arkansas, Haynesville, Texas and Eagle Ford, Texas shales. In March 2012, BP announced that it had acquired a lease for gas exploration of the Utica Shale in Ohio. In Colorado, BP operates approximately 1,500 oil and gas wells, primarily in the San Juan Basin. The majority of these wells are "unconventional", using methods other than conventional oil wells to produce oil or gas. The company has gas extraction operations in "unconventional" gas fields in the New Mexico section of the San Juan basin, and in Moxa and Wamsutter, Wyoming.
BP operates refineries in Whiting, Indiana; Toledo, Ohio; and Cherry Point, Washington. The company's Whiting refinery is the sixth largest in the US and can refine more than of crude oil. The Toledo refinery in northwestern Ohio, which processes approximately of crude oil, is a joint venture with Husky Energy, an operator of the refinery. The Cherry Point refinery produces gasoline, jet fuel, diesel and some propane and butane. It supplies 20% of the gasoline in Washington state, and also supplies gasoline to Oregon and California. The refinery produces 8% of the world's calcined coke and is the largest supplier of calcined coke to the global aluminum industry. Since the early 2000s, the company has been focusing its refining business on processing crude from oil sands and shales.
The company owns three petrochemical plants in the US, which produce approximately four million tons of petrochemicals each year. Its petrochemical plant in Texas City, located on the same site as the formerly owned Texas City Refinery, produces industrial chemicals including propylene and styrene. BP's Decatur, Alabama and Cooper River, South Carolina petrochemical plants both produce PTA, which is used in the production of synthetic fibre for clothing, packaging and optical films. The Decatur plant also produces paraxylene and naphthalene dicarboxlate.
The company's alternative energy operations based in the US include 16  wind farms.
There are over 10,000 retail sites in the US operating under a BP brand including BP, ARCO and ampm. On the US West Coast, BP primarily operates service stations under the ARCO brand.
Other locations.
Africa.
In Egypt, BP produces approximately 15% of the country's total oil production and 40% of its domestic gas. The company also has offshore gas developments in the East Nile Delta Mediterranean, and in the West Nile Delta, where the company has a joint investment of US$9 billion with RWE to develop two offshore gas fields.
BP is active in offshore oil development in Angola, where it holds an interest in a total of nine oil exploration and production blocks covering more than . This includes four blocks it acquired in December 2011 and an additional block that is operated by Brazilian national oil company, Petrobras, in which it holds a 40% stake.
Asia.
BP has a stake in exploration of two blocks of offshore deepwater assets in the South China Sea.
In India, BP owns a 30% share of oil and gas assets operated by Reliance Industries, including exploration and production rights in more than 20 offshore oil and gas blocks, representing an investment of more than US$7 billion into oil and gas exploration in the country.
BP has major liquefied natural gas activities in Indonesia, where it operates the Tangguh LNG project, which began production in 2009 and has a capacity of 7.6 million tonnes of liquid natural gas per year. Also in that country, the company has invested in the exploration and development of coalbed methane.
BP operates in Iraq as part of the joint venture Rumaila Operating Organization in the Rumaila oil field, the world's fourth largest oilfield, where it produced over of oil equivalent in 2011.
Australia.
In Australia, BP operates two out of the country's five refineries: Kwinana in Western Australia, which can process up to of crude oil per day and is the country's largest refinery, and the Bulwer Island refinery in Queensland, which can process up to of crude per day.
Caucasus and the Caspian region.
BP operates the two largest oil and gas production projects in the Azerbaijan's sector of the Caspian Sea, the Azeri–Chirag–Guneshli offshore oil fields, which supplies 80% of the country's oil production, and the Shah Deniz gas field. It also and develops the Shafag-Asiman complex of offshore geological structures. In addition, it operates the Azerbaijan's major export pipelines through Georgia such as Baku–Tbilisi–Ceyhan, Baku–Supsa and South Caucasus pipelines.
Europe (ex. United Kingdom and Ireland).
BP's refining operations in continental Europe include Europe's second-largest oil refinery, located in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, which can process up to of crude oil per day.
In addition to its offshore operations in the British zone of North Sea, BP has interests in the Norwegian section of the sea. , BP holds a 19.75% stake in Russia's state-controlled oil company Rosneft.
North America (ex. United States).
BP's Canadian operations are headquartered in Calgary and the company operates primarily in Alberta, the Northwest Territories, and Nova Scotia. It purchases crude oil for the company's refineries in the United States and has oil sands holdings in Alberta and four offshore blocks in Nova Scotia. The company's Canadian oil sands leases include joint ventures with Husky Energy in the Sunrise Energy Project (50%), and Devon Energy in Pike, and a partnership with Value Creation Inc. in the development of the Terre de Grace oil sands lease. The BP's investment in the Sunrise Project is £1.6 billion and it is expected to start production in 2014.
BP is the largest oil and gas producer in Trinidad and Tobago, where it holds more than of offshore assets and is the largest shareholder in Atlantic LNG, one of the largest LNG plants in Western Hemisphere.
South America.
In Brazil, BP holds stakes in offshore oil and gas exploration in the Barreirinhas, Ceará and Campos basins, in addition to onshore processing facilities. BP also operates biofuel production facilities in Brazil, including three cane sugar mills for ethanol production.
Main business segments.
Oil and natural gas.
BP Upstream's activities include exploring for new oil and natural gas resources, developing access to such resources, and producing, transporting, storing and processing oil and natural gas. Upstream is responsible for the operation of BP's wells, pipelines, offshore platforms and processing facilities. The activities in this area of operations take place in 30 countries worldwide, including Angola, Azerbaijan, Brazil, Canada, Egypt, India, Iraq, Norway, Russia, Trinidad and Tobago, the United Kingdom, and the United States. In addition to the conventional oil exploration and production, BP has a stake in the three oil sands projects in Canada.
Oil refining and marketing.
BP Downstream's activities include the refining, marketing, manufacturing, transportation, trading and supply of crude oil, petrochemicals and petroleum products. Downstream is responsible for BP's fuels, lubricants and petrochemical businesses and has major operations located in Europe, North America and Asia. As of November 2013, BP owned or held a share in 14 refineries worldwide, of which seven were located in Europe and three were in the US.
BP owns or has a share in more than a dozen petrochemical manufacturing plants worldwide. The company's petrochemicals plants produce products including PTA, paraxylene, and acetic acid. Its petrochemicals, lubricants, fuels and related services are marketed in over 70 countries.
Air BP is the aviation division of BP, providing aviation fuel, lubricants & services. It has operations in over 50 countries worldwide. BP Shipping provides the logistics to move BP's oil and gas cargoes to market, as well as marine structural assurance. It manages a large fleet of vessels most of which are held on long-term operating leases. BP Shipping's chartering teams based in London, Singapore, and Chicago also charter third party vessels on both time charter and voyage charter basis. The BP-managed fleet consists of Very Large Crude Carriers (VLCCs), one North Sea shuttle tanker, medium size crude and product carriers, liquefied natural gas (LNG) carriers, liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) carriers, and coasters. All of these ships are double-hulled.
BP markets petroleum products in approximately 80 countries worldwide. It has around 20,700 service stations, which are primarily operated under the BP brand. BP Connect is BP's flagship retail format, although in the US it is gradually being transitioned to the ampm format. In Germany and Luxembourg, BP operates service stations under the Aral brand, having acquired the majority of Veba Öl AG in 2001 and subsequently rebranded its existing stations in Germany to the Aral name. On the US West Coast, in the states of California, Oregon, Washington, Nevada, Idaho, Arizona, and Utah, BP primarily operates service stations under the ARCO brand. In Australia BP operates a number of BP Travel Centres, large-scale destination sites located which, in addition to the usual facilities in a BP Connect site, also feature food-retail tenants such as McDonald's, KFC and Nando's and facilities for long-haul truck drivers.
Castrol is BP's main brand for industrial and automotive lubricants and is applied to a large range of BP oils, greases and similar products for most lubrication applications.
Alternative and low carbon energy.
BP Solar, a former subsidiary of BP, was a manufacturer and installer of photovoltaic solar cells headquartered in Madrid, Spain, with production facilities in India and the People's Republic of China. Operating since 1981 when BP acquired initially 50% of Lucas Energy Systems to become Lucas BP Solar Systems, the company became wholly owned by BP in the mid-1980s. In 1999 it increased its stake in the American "Solarex" plant to 100%, but by 2010 it was closing down the factory at Frederick, Maryland. The whole company was closed on 21 December 2011.
BP established an alternative and low carbon energy business in 2005, with plans to invest $8 billion over a 10-year period into renewable energy sources including solar, wind, and biofuels and non-renewable sources including natural gas and hydrogen power. It invested a total of $7 billion, including $4 billion in the United States, by mid-2012, with plans to invest all $8 billion by the end of 2012. , the BP Alternative Energy business employed 5,000 people. The division is housed within the firm's "other businesses and corporate" unit, and the company does not break out its financial details.
In the United States, BP has built or purchased 16 wind farms with total gross capacity of around 2,600 megawatts and another 2,000 MW under development. These wind farms include the Cedar Creek Wind Farm, Titan Wind Project, Sherbino Wind Farm, Golden Hills Wind Project, and Fowler Ridge Wind Farm. In April 2013, BP put its wind energy unit up for sale, to shift its focus more to its main oil and gas businesses. However, the sale plan was cancelled in July 2013. 
In Brazil, BP owns two ethanol producers—"Companhia Nacional de Açúcar e Álcool" and"Tropical BioEnergia"—with three ethanol mills. In England, it has a stake in the bioethanol producer Vivergo and together with DuPont has a biobutanol demonstration plant. BP has invested in an agricultural biotechnology company Chromatin, a company developing crops that can grow on marginal land and that are optimized to be used as feedstock for biofuel, and Vedrezyne, which produces petrochemicals in yeast.
The relatively small size of BP's alternative energy operations has led to allegations of greenwashing by Greenpeace, Mother Jones and oil and energy analyst Antonia Juhasz, among others. Juhasz notes BP's investment in green technologies peaked at 4% of its exploratory budget prior to cutbacks. BP's 2008 budget included $20 billion in fossil fuel investment and $1.5 billion in all alternative forms of energy. The Australian publication "The Monthly" reported in August 2010 that BP's renewable capacity sold annually was "minuscule", less than 1000 megawatts of wind and solar energy worldwide.
Corporate affairs.
BP is the fifth-largest energy company by market capitalization, fifth-largest company in the world measured by 2012 revenues, and the sixth largest oil and gas company measured by 2012 production.
In 2012, the company's revenue was US$388.285 billion, operating income was $19.733 billion and net income was $11.816 billion. , 85,700 people employed by the company worldwide.
The chairman of the BP board of directors is Carl-Henric Svanberg and the chief executive officer is Robert Dudley.
Stock.
BP stock is composed of original BP shares as well as shares acquired through mergers with Amoco in 1998 and the Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO) in 2000. The company's shares are primarily traded on the London Stock Exchange, but also listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in Germany. In the United States shares are traded in US$ on the New York Stock Exchange in the form of American depository shares (ADS). One ADS represents six ordinary shares.
Following the United States Federal Trade Commission's approval of the BP-Amoco merger in 1998, Amoco's stock was removed from Standard & Poor's 500 and was merged with BP shares on the London Stock Exchange. The merger with Amoco resulted in a 40% increase in share price by April 1999. However, shares fell nearly 25% by early 2000, when the Federal Trade Commission expressed opposition to BP-Amoco's acquisition of ARCO. The acquisition was ultimately approved in April 2000 increasing stock value 57 cents over the previous year.
After the Texas City Refinery explosion in 2005, stock prices again fell. By January 2007, the explosion, coupled with a pipeline spill in Alaska and production delays in the Gulf of Mexico, left BP's stock down 4.5% from its position prior to the Texas City explosion. However by April 2007, stocks had rebounded 13% erasing the 8.3% loss from 2006. Declining oil prices and concerns over oil sustainability also caused shares to fall in value in late 2008.
The Deepwater Horizon oil spill in April 2010 initiated a sharp decline in share prices, and BP's shares lost roughly 50% of their value in 50 days. BP's shares reached a low of $26.97 per share on 25 June 2010 totalling a $100 billion loss in market value before beginning to climb again. Shares reached a post-spill high of $49.50 in early 2011 and as of April 2012 shares remain down approximately 30% from pre-spill levels.
On 22 March 2013, BP announced an $8 billion share repurchase programme which will be implemented during 12–18 months. As of April 2013, $300 million was used, with a minimal impact to the share price. The buyback decision followed closure of the TNK-BP deal and it has to offset the dilution to earnings per share following the loss of dividends from TNK-BP. According to the company the buyback programme would provide shareholders near-term benefits from the reshaping of the company's Russian business. The buyback is also seen as a way to invest excess cash from the TNK-BP deal.
As of 2012, 38% of BP shares were held by American investors, 36% by British investors, and 14% by the rest of Europe with the remaining shares held by investors from other countries. Major institutional shareholders include BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Ltd. (5.39% as of 19 February 2013), Legal & General Investment Management Ltd. (3.82% as of 19 February 2013), and Capital Research & Management Co. (Global Investors) (2.33% as of 19 February 2013).
Branding and public relations.
In the first quarter of 2001 the company adopted the marketing name of BP, and replaced its "Green Shield" logo with the "Helios" symbol, a green and yellow sunflower logo named after the Greek sun god and designed to represent energy in its many forms. BP introduced a new corporate slogan – "Beyond Petroleum" along with a $200M advertising and marketing campaign. According to the company, the new slogan represented their focus on meeting the growing demand for fossil fuels, manufacturing and delivering more advanced products, and to enable transitioning to a lower carbon footprint.
By 2008, BP's branding campaign had succeeded with the culmination of a 2007 Effie Award from by the American Marketing Association, and consumers had the impression that BP was one of the greenest petroleum companies in the world. BP was criticised by environmentalists and marketing experts, who stated that the company's alternative energy activities were only a fraction of the company's business at the time. According to Democracy Now, BP's marketing campaign amounted to a deceptive greenwashing public-relations spin campaign given that BP's 2008 budget included more than $20 billion for fossil fuel investment and less than $1.5 billion for all alternative forms of energy. Oil and energy analyst Antonia Juhasz notes BP's investment in green technologies peaked at 4% of its exploratory budget prior to cutbacks, including the discontinuation of BP Solar and the closure of its alternative energy headquarters in London. According to Juhasz, "four percent...hardly qualifies the company to be Beyond Petroleum", citing BP's "aggressive modes of production, whether it’s the tar sands offshore".
BP attained a negative public image from the series of industrial accidents that occurred through the 2000s, and its public image was severely damaged after the Deepwater Horizon explosion and Gulf Oil spill. In the immediate aftermath of the spill, BP initially downplayed the severity of the incident, and made many of the same PR errors that Exxon had made after the "Exxon Valdez" disaster. CEO Tony Hayward was criticised for his statements and had committed several gaffes, including stating that he "wanted his life back." Some in the media commended BP for some of its social media efforts, such as the use of Twitter and Facebook as well as a section of the company's website where it communicated its efforts to clean up the spill.
BP began a re-branding campaign in late 2010, and decided to focus its brand on the idea of "bringing brilliant minds together with technology at a massive scale to meet the world's energy needs", and focus its messaging on telling stories about people. In February 2012 BP North America launched a $500 million branding campaign to rebuild its brand.
The company's advertising budget was about $5 million per week during the four-month spill in the Gulf of Mexico, totaling nearly $100 million.
In May 2012, BP tasked a press office staff member to openly join discussions on the Wikipedia article's talk page and suggest content to be posted by other editors. Controversy emerged in 2013 over the amount of content from BP that had entered this article. Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales stated that these actions complied with site policy regarding conflicts of interest.
Environmental record.
Position on global warming.
In 1997 BP became the first multinational outside the reinsurance industry to publicly support the scientific consensus on climate change, which Eileen Caussen, President of the Pew Center on Global Climate Change described as a transformative moment on the issue. Prior to 1997, BP was a member of the Global Climate Coalition an industry organisation established to promote global warming scepticism but withdrew in 1997, saying "the time to consider the policy dimensions of climate change is not when the link between greenhouse gases and climate change is conclusively proven, but when the possibility cannot be discounted and is taken seriously by the society of which we are part. We in BP have reached that point.". In March 2002, Lord John Browne, the group chief executive of BP, declared in a speech that global warming was real and that urgent action was needed.
Hazardous substance dumping 1993–1995.
In September 1999, one of BP's US subsidiaries, BP Exploration Alaska (BPXA), pleaded guilty to criminal charges stemming from its illegally dumping of hazardous wastes on the Alaska North Slope, paying fines and penalties totaling $22 million. BP paid the maximum $500,000 in criminal fines, $6.5 million in civil penalties, and established a $15 million environmental management system at all of BP facilities in the US and Gulf of Mexico that are engaged in oil exploration, drilling or production. The charges stemmed from the 1993 to 1995 dumping of hazardous wastes on Endicott Island, Alaska by BP's contractor Doyon Drilling. The firm illegally discharged waste oil, paint thinner and other toxic and hazardous substances by injecting them down the outer rim, or annuli, of the oil wells. BPXA failed to report the illegal injections when it learned of the conduct, in violation of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act.
Air pollution violations.
In 2000 BP Amoco acquired ARCO, a Los Angeles-based oil group. 
In 2003 California’s South Coast Air Quality Management District (AQMD) filed a complaint against BP/ARCO, seeking $319 million in penalties for thousands of air pollution violations over an 8-year period. In January 2005, the agency filed a second suit against BP based on violations between August 2002 and October 2004. The suit alleged that BP illegally released air pollutants by failing to adequately inspect, maintain, repair and properly operate thousands of pieces of equipment across the refinery as required by AQMD regulations. It was alleged that in some cases the violations were due to negligence, while in others the violations were knowingly and willfully committed by refinery officials. In 2005 a settlement was reached under which BP agreed to pay $25 million in cash penalties and $6 million in past emissions fees, while spending $20 million on environmental improvements at the refinery and $30 million on community programs focused on asthma diagnosis and treatment.
In 2013, a total of 474 Galveston County residents living near the BP Texas City Refinery filed a $1 billion lawsuit against BP, accusing the company of "intentionally misleading the public about the seriousness" of a two-week release of toxic fumes which began on 10 November 2011. "BP reportedly released Sulfur Dioxide, Methyl Carpaptan, Dimethyl Disulfide and other toxic chemicals into the atmosphere” reads the report. The lawsuit further claims Galveston county has the worst air quality in the United States due to BP's violations of air pollution laws. BP had no comment and said it would address the suit in the court system.
Colombian farmland damages claim.
In 2006, a group of Colombian farmers reached a multimillion dollar out-of-court settlement with BP for alleged environmental damage caused by the Ocensa pipeline. An agreed statement said: "The Colombian farmers group are pleased to say that after a mediation process which took place in Bogotá in June 2006 at the joint initiative of the parties, an amicable settlement of the dispute in relation to the Ocensa pipeline has been reached, with no admissions of liability." The company was accused of benefiting from a regime of terror carried out by Colombian government paramilitaries to protect the Ocensa pipeline; BP said throughout that it has acted responsibly and that landowners were fairly compensated.
In 2009, another group of 95 Colombian farmers filed a suit against BP, saying the company's Ocensa pipeline caused landslides and damage to soil and groundwater, affecting crops, livestock, and contaminating water supplies, making fish ponds unsustainable. Most of the land traversed by the pipeline was owned by peasant farmers who were illiterate and unable to read the environmental impact assessment conducted by BP prior to construction, which acknowledged significant and widespread risks of damage to the land.
Canadian tar sands.
In Canada, BP is involved in the extraction of oil sands, also known as tar sands or bituminous sands. The company uses "in-situ" drilling technologies such as Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage to extract the bitumen. Members of US and Canadian oil companies say that using recycled groundwater makes in situ drilling an environmentally friendlier option when compared with oil sands mining.
Members of Canada's Cree Nation have criticized BP's involvement in the Canadian project for the impacts oil sands extraction has on the environment. NASA scientist James Hansen said that the exploitation of Canadian oil sands would mean "game over for the climate". In 2010, activist shareholders asked BP for a full investigation of the project, but were defeated. In 2013 shareholders criticized the project for being carbon-intensive.
Health and safety violations.
Citing conditions similar to those that resulted in the 2005 Texas City Refinery explosion, on 25 April 2006, the U.S. Department of Labor's Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) fined BP more than $2.4 million for unsafe operations at the company's Oregon, Ohio refinery. An OSHA inspection resulted in 32 per-instance willful citations including locating people in vulnerable buildings among the processing units, failing to correct de-pressurization deficiencies and deficiencies with gas monitors, and failing to prevent the use of non-approved electrical equipment in locations in which hazardous concentrations of flammable gases or vapors may exist. BP was further fined for neglecting to develop shutdown procedures and designate responsibilities and to establish a system to promptly address and resolve recommendations made after an incident when a large feed pump failed three years prior to 2006. Penalties were also issued for five serious violations, including failure to develop operating procedures for a unit that removes sulfur compound; failure to ensure that operating procedures reflect current operating practice in the Isocracker Unit; failure to resolve process hazard analysis recommendations; failure to resolve process safety management compliance audit items in a timely manner; and failure to periodically inspect pressure piping systems.
In 2008 BP and several other major oil refiners agreed to pay $422 million to settle a class-action lawsuit stemming from water contamination tied to the gasoline additive MTBE, a chemical that was once a key gasoline ingredient. Leaked from storage tanks, MTBE has been found in several water systems across the United States. The plaintiffs maintain that the industry knew about the environmental dangers but that they used it instead of other possible alternatives because it was less expensive. The companies will also be required to pay 70 percent of cleanup costs for any wells newly affected at any time over the next 30 years.
BP has one of the worst safety records of any major oil company that operates in the United States. Between 2007 and 2010, BP refineries in Ohio and Texas accounted for 97 percent of "egregious, willful" violations handed out by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). BP had 760 "egregious, willful" violations during that period, while Sunoco and Conoco-Phillips each had eight, Citgo two and Exxon had one. The deputy assistant secretary of labour at OSHA, said "The only thing you can conclude is that BP has a serious, systemic safety problem in their company."
A report in "ProPublica", published in the "Washington Post" in 2010, found that over a decade of internal investigations of BP's Alaska operations during the 2000s warned senior BP managers that the company repeatedly disregarded safety and environmental rules and risked a serious accident if it did not change its ways. ProPublica found that "Taken together, these documents portray a company that systemically ignored its own safety policies across its North American operations -- from Alaska to the Gulf of Mexico to California and Texas. Executives were not held accountable for the failures, and some were promoted despite them."
The Project On Government Oversight, an independent non-profit organization in the United States which investigates and seeks to expose corruption and other misconduct, lists BP as number one on their listing of the 100 worst corporations based on instances of misconduct.
1965 Sea Gem offshore oil rig disaster.
In December 1965, Britain's first oil rig, Sea Gem, capsized when two of the legs collapsed during an operation to move it to a new location. The oil rig had been hastily converted in an effort to quickly start drilling operations after the North Sea was opened for exploration. Thirteen crew members were killed. No hydrocarbons were released in the accident.
Texas City Refinery explosion.
In March 2005, the Texas City Refinery, one of the largest refineries owned then by BP, exploded causing 15 deaths, injuring 180 people and forcing thousands of nearby residents to remain sheltered in their homes. A column filled with hydrocarbon overflowed to form a vapour cloud, which ignited. The explosion caused all the casualties and substantial damage to the rest of the plant. The incident came as the culmination of a series of less serious accidents at the refinery, and the engineering problems were not addressed by the management. Maintenance and safety at the plant had been cut as a cost-saving measure, the responsibility ultimately resting with executives in London.
The fallout from the accident clouded BP's corporate image because of the mismanagement at the plant. There had been several investigations of the disaster, the most recent being that from the US Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board which "offered a scathing assessment of the company." OSHA found "organizational and safety deficiencies at all levels of the BP Corporation" and said management failures could be traced from Texas to London. The company pleaded guilty to a felony violation of the Clean Air Act, was fined $50 million, the largest ever assessed under the Clean Air Act, and sentenced to three years probation.
On 30 October 2009, the US Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) fined BP an additional $87 million, the largest fine in OSHA history, for failing to correct safety hazards documented in the 2005 explosion. Inspectors found 270 safety violations that had been previously cited but not fixed and 439 new violations. BP appealed the fine. In July 2012, the company agreed to pay $13 million to settle the new violations. At that time OSHA found "no imminent dangers" at the Texas plant. Thirty violations remained under discussion. In March 2012, US Department of Justice officials said the company had met all of its obligations and subsequently ended the probationary period. In November 2011, BP agreed to pay the state of Texas $50 million for violating state emissions standards at its Texas City refinery during and after the 2005 explosion at the refinery. The state Attorney General said BP was responsible for 72 separate pollutant emissions that have been occurring every few months since March 2005. It was the largest fine ever imposed under the Texas Clean Air Act.
Prudhoe Bay.
In March 2006, corrosion of a BP Exploration Alaska (BPXA) oil transit pipeline in Prudhoe Bay transporting oil to the Trans-Alaska Pipeline led to a five-day leak and the largest oil spill on Alaska's North Slope. According to the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation (ADEC), a total of of oil was spilled, covering of the North Slope. BP admitted that cost cutting measures had resulted in a lapse in monitoring and maintenance of the pipeline and the consequent leak. At the moment of the leak, pipeline inspection gauges (known as "pigs") had not been run through the pipeline since 1998. BP completed the clean-up of the spill by May 2006, including removal of contaminated gravel and vegetation, which was replaced with new material from the Arctic tundra.
Following the spill, the company was ordered by regulators to inspect the of pipelines in Prudhoe Bay using "smart pigs". In late July 2006, the "smart pigs" monitoring the pipelines found 16 places where corrosion had thinned pipeline walls. A BP crew sent to inspect the pipe in early August discovered a leak and small spill, following which, BP announced that the eastern portion of the Alaskan field would be shut down for repairs on the pipeline, with approval from the Department of Transportation. The shutdown resulted in a reduction of until work began to bring the eastern field to full production on 2 October 2006. In total, of oil were spilled and were "contained and recovered", according to ADEC. The spill was cleaned up and there was no impact upon wildlife.
After the shutdown, BP pledged to replace of its Alaskan oil transit pipelines and the company completed work on the of new pipeline by the end of 2008. In November 2007, BP Exploration, Alaska pled guilty to negligent discharge of oil, a misdemeanor under the federal Clean Water Act and was fined US$20 million. There was no charge brought for the smaller spill in August 2006 due to BP's quick response and clean-up. On 16 October 2007, ADEC officials reported a "toxic spill" from a BP pipeline in Prudhoe Bay comprising of primarily methanol (methyl alcohol) mixed with crude oil and water, which spilled onto a gravel pad and frozen tundra pond.
In the settlement of a civil suit, in July 2011 investigators from the U.S. Department of Transportation’s Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration determined that the 2006 spills were a result of BPXA’s failure to properly inspect and maintain the pipeline to prevent corrosion. The government issued a Corrective Action Order to BP XA that addressed the pipeline’s risks and ordered pipeline repair or replacement. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency had investigated the extent of the oil spills and oversaw BPXA’s cleanup. When BP XA did not fully comply with the terms of the corrective action, a complaint was filed in March 2009 alleging violations of the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act and the Pipeline Safety Act. In July 2011, the U.S. District Court for the District of Alaska entered a consent decree between the United States and BPXA resolving the government’s claims. Under the consent decree, BPXA paid a $25 million civil penalty, the largest per-barrel penalty at that time for an oil spill, and agreed to take measures to significantly improve inspection and maintenance of its pipeline infrastructure on the North Slope to reduce the threat of additional oil spills.
2008 Caspian Sea gas leak and blowout.
On 17 September 2008, a gas leak was discovered and one gas-injection well blown out in the area of the Central Azeri platform at the Azeri oilfield, a part of the Azeri–Chirag–Guneshli (ACG) project, in the Azerbaijan sector of Caspian Sea. The platform was shut down and the staff was evacuated. As the Western Azeri Platform was being powered by a cable from the Central Azeri Platform, it was also shut down. Production at the Western Azeri Platform resumed on 9 October 2008 and at the Central Azeri Platform in December 2008. According to leaked US Embassy cables, BP had been "exceptionally circumspect in disseminating information" and showed that BP thought the cause for the blowout was a bad cement job. The cables further said that some of BP's ACG partners complained that the company was so secretive that it was withholding information even from them.
2010 Texas City Chemical leak.
BP has admitted that malfunctioning equipment lead to the release of over of chemicals into the air of Texas City and surrounding areas from 6 April to 16 May 2010. The leak included of benzene, of nitrogen oxides, and of carbon monoxide. In June 2012, over 50,000 Texas City residents joined a class-action suit against BP, alleging they became sick in 2010 as a result of the 41-day emissions release from the refinery. Texas has also sued BP over the release of emissions. BP says the release harmed no one.
In October 2013, a jury found that BP was negligent in the case, but due to the lack of substantial evidence linking illness to the emissions, decided the company would be absolved of any wrongdoing.
"Deepwater Horizon" explosion and oil spill.
On 20 April 2010, the semi-submersible exploratory offshore drilling rig "Deepwater Horizon" located in the Macondo Prospect in the Gulf of Mexico exploded after a blowout, killing 11 people, injuring 16 others. After burning for two days, the rig sank and caused the largest accidental marine oil spill in the history of the petroleum industry, estimated to be between 8% and 31% larger in volume than the earlier Ixtoc I oil spill. Before the well was capped on 15 July 2010, an estimated of oil was leaked with plus or minus 10% uncertainty. of oil was collected or burned while entered the Gulf waters. of Corexit dispersant was applied.
The spill had a strong economic impact on both BP and the Gulf Coast's economy sectors such as fishing and tourism. According to NOAA, Gulf fisheries were recovering in 2011. In late 2011 and May 2012, press reports indicated a rebound in tourism, aided by BP advertising dollars and concurrent with a nationwide rise in hotel occupancy rates. However, it was not clear if states most affected by the oil spill would still lag behind others as tourism improves nationally. A 2013 study in the "Journal of Travel Research" found that the hotel industry weathered the spill better than the vacation rental industry, and that the overall impact was complex and difficult to determine. 
Environmental impact.
Oil spills are known to cause both immediate and long-term harm to human health and ecosystems. Research into the impacts of this spill is ongoing.Studies in 2013 suggested that as much as one-third of the released oil remains in the gulf. Further research suggested that the oil on the bottom of the seafloor was not degrading. Oil in affected coastal areas increased erosion due to the death of mangrove trees and marsh grass. Researchers say the oil and dispersant mixture, including PAHs, permeated the food chain through zooplankton. In 2013 it was reported that dolphins and other marine life continued to die in record numbers with infant dolphins dying at six times the normal rate, and half the dolphins examined in a December 2013 study were seriously ill or dying.
In October 2013, Al Jazeera reported that the gulf ecosystem was "in crisis", citing a decline in seafood catches, as well as deformities and lesions found in fish. In Louisiana, 4.6 million pounds of oily material was removed from the beaches in 2013, over double the amount collected in 2012. Oil cleanup crews worked four days a week on 55 miles of Louisiana shoreline throughout 2013. Oil continued to be found as far from the Macondo site as the Florida panhandle, where scientists said the oil and dispersant mixture is embedded in the sand. Researchers looking at sediment, seawater, biota, and seafood found toxic compounds in high concentrations that they said was due to the added oil and dispersants. Although Gulf fisheries recovered in 2011, a 2014 study of the effects of the oil spill on bluefin tuna by researchers at Stanford University and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, published in the journal "Science", found that toxins released by the oil spill sent fish into cardiac arrest. The study found that even very low concentrations of crude oil can slow the pace of fish heartbeats. BP disputed the study, which was conducted as part of the federal Natural Resource Damage Assessment process required by the Oil Pollution Act. The study also found that oil already broken down by wave action and chemical dispersants was more toxic than fresh oil.
In February 2014, a study from University of South Florida researchers showed the possibility that subsurface oil particles from Deepwater Horizon had traveled underwater as far south as Sanibel, Florida and reached the West Florida Shelf. Computer models showed the possibility of subsurface currents delivering oil to the surface in an upwelling off the Florida Shelf. Fish along the way were found to have diseased livers from filtering hydrocarbons chemically similar to oil from Deepwater Horizon, causing them immune system problems. The team concluded: "the transport of subsurface hydrocarbons...is both plausible and consistent with the observed distribution of fish lesions, fish liver chemistry and other chemical and ecological evidence." A BP spokesman disagreed with the conclusion, saying that water and sediment samples taken during the spill had not detected Deepwater Horizon oil on the Florida Shelf. 
Oil particles buried in gulf sediment could remain there for 100 years.
Health effects.
Research discussed at a 2013 conference included preliminary results of an ongoing study being done by the National Institute for Environmental Health Sciences indicating that oil spill cleanup workers carry biomarkers of chemicals contained in the spilled oil and the dispersants used. A separate study is following the health issues of women and children affected by the spill. Several studies found that a "significant percentage" of Gulf residents reported mental health problems such as anxiety, depression and PTSD. According to a Columbia university study investigating the health effects among children living less than 10 miles from the coast, more than a third of the parents report physical or mental health symptoms among their children. Australia's "60 Minutes" reported that people living along the gulf coast were becoming sick from the mixture of Corexit and oil. Susan Shaw, of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill Strategic Sciences Working Group, says "BP told the public that Corexit was 'as harmless as Dawn dishwashing liquid'...But BP and the EPA clearly knew about the toxicity of the Corexit long before this spill." According to Shaw, BP's own safety sheet on Corexit says that there are "high and immediate human health hazards". Cleanup workers were not provided safety equipment by the company, and the safety manuals were "rarely if ever" followed, or distributed to workers, according to a Newsweek investigation. The safety manuals read: "Avoid breathing vapor" and "Wear suitable protective clothing." Oil clean up workers reported that they were not allowed to use protective gear, and that their jobs were threatened if they did.
BP disputed the methodology of a peer-reviewed study published in The American Journal of Medicine and quoted in Al Jazeera that reported significantly altered blood profiles of individuals exposed to the spilled oil and dispersants that put them at increased risk of developing liver cancer, leukemia and other disorders, and cited federal studies that BP said contradicted the report and supported the company's position that the dispersants did not create a danger to health.
Criminal prosecutions.
On 11 March 2011, the US Department of Justice formed the "Deepwater Horizon Task Force" to consolidate several federal agencies' investigations into possible criminal charges stemming the explosion and spill. On 14 November 2012, the DOJ announced that BP and the DOJ had reached a $4 billion settlement of all federal criminal charges related to the explosion and spill, the largest of its kind in US history. Under the settlement, BP agreed to plead guilty to 11 felony counts of manslaughter, two misdemeanors, and a felony count of lying to Congress and agreed to four years of government monitoring of its safety practices and ethics. BP also paid $525 million to settle civil charges by the Securities and Exchange Commission that it misled investors about the flow rate of oil from the well. As part of the announcement of the settlement, BP said it was increasing its reserve for a trust fund to pay costs and claims related to the spill to about $42 billion. On the same day, the US government filed criminal charges against three BP employees; two site managers were charged with manslaughter and negligence, and one former vice president with obstruction. Near the end of November 2012, the U.S. Government temporarily banned BP from bidding any new federal contracts, citing the company’s “lack of business integrity.” As of February 2013, criminal and civil settlements and payments to the trust fund had cost the company $42.2 billion.
Civil proceedings and claims settlement.
In June 2010, after a meeting in the White House between President Obama and BP executives, the president announced that BP would pay $20 billion into a trust fund, that will be used to compensate victims of the oil spill. The fund would not supersede individual or state's rights for future claims. BP also set aside $100 million to compensate oil workers who lost their jobs because of the spill. The fund, known as the Gulf Coast Claims Facility (GCCF), was administered by attorney Kenneth Feinberg until it was succeeded by a court supervised settlement program in June 2012. In January 2014, a panel of the U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals rejected an effort by BP to curb payment of what it described as "fictitious" and "absurd" claims to the settlement fund for businesses and persons affected by the oil spill. BP said administration of the settlement fund was marred by the fact that people without actual damages could file a claim. The court ruled that BP hadn't explained "how this court or the district court should identify or even discern the existence of 'claimants that have suffered no cognizable injury.'" 
On 15 December 2010, The US Department of Justice filed a civil and criminal suit against BP and other defendants for violations under the Clean Water Act in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. The case was consolidated with about 200 others, including those brought by state governments, individuals, and companies under Multi-District Litigation docket MDL No. 2179, before U.S. District Judge Carl Barbier. Judge Barbier is trying the case without a jury, as is normal in United States admiralty law. The Justice Department contends that BP committed gross negligence and willful misconduct, which BP contests, and is seeking the stiffest penalties possible. A ruling of gross negligence would result in a four-fold increase in Clean Water Act penalties, which would cause the penalties to reach approximately $17.6 billion, and would increase damages in the other suits as well. Any fines from gross negligence would hit BP's bottom line very hard, because they would not be tax-deductible. The company paid no federal income tax to the U.S. government in 2010 because of deductions related to the spill.
The consolidated trial's first phase began on 25 February 2013, to determine the liability of BP, Transocean, Halliburton, and other companies, and to determine whether the companies acted with gross negligence and willful misconduct. The second phase began on September 30, 2013, and focused on the how much oil spilled into the gulf and who was responsible for stopping it. The third phase will focus on all other liability that occurred in the process of oil spill cleanup and containment issues, including the use of dispersants. Test jury trials will follow to determine actual damage amounts.
On March 2, 2012, BP and businesses and residents affected by the spill reached a settlement of roughly 100,000 suits claiming economic losses. BP originally projected that its settlement costs would be $7.8 billion. As of late October 2013 it had boosted this estimate to $9.2 billion, and said it could be "significantly higher." 
Political influence.
Release of Lockerbie bomber.
BP lobbied the British government to conclude a prisoner-transfer agreement which the Libyan government had wanted to secure the release of Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, the only person convicted for the 1988 Lockerbie bombing over Scotland, which killed 270 people. BP stated that it pressed for the conclusion of prisoner transfer agreement amid fears that delays would damage its "commercial interests" and disrupt its £900 million offshore drilling operations in the region, but it said that it had not been involved in negotiations concerning the release of Megrahi.
Political contributions and lobbying.
According to the Center for Responsive Politics, BP was the United States' 136th-largest donor to political campaigns, having contributed more than US$6.6 million since 1989, 70% and 29% of which went to Republican and Democratic recipients, respectively.
In February 2002, BP's then-chief executive, Lord Browne of Madingley, renounced the practice of corporate campaign contributions, saying: "That's why we've decided, as a global policy, that from now on we will make no political contributions from corporate funds anywhere in the world." When the Washington Post reported in June 2010 that BP North America "donated at least $4.8 million in corporate contributions in the past seven years to political groups, partisan organizations and campaigns engaged in federal and state elections", mostly to oppose ballot measures in two states aiming to raise taxes on the oil industry, the company said that the commitment had only applied to contributions to individual candidates.
During the 2008 US election cycle, BP employees contributed to various candidates, with Barack Obama receiving the largest amount of money, broadly in line with contributions from Shell and Chevron, but significantly less than those of Exxon Mobil.
In 2009 BP spent nearly $16 million lobbying the US Congress. In 2011, BP spent a total of $8,430,000 on lobbying and hired 47 lobbyists.
Market manipulation investigations and sanctions.
The US Justice Department and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission filed charges against BP Products North America Inc. (subsidiary of BP plc) and several BP traders, alleging they conspired to raise the price of propane by seeking to corner the propane market in 2004. In 2006, one former trader pleaded guilty. In 2007, BP paid $303 million in restitution and fines as part of an agreement to defer prosecution. BP was charged with cornering and manipulating the price of TET propane in 2003 and 2004. BP paid a $125 million civil monetary penalty to the CFTC, established a compliance and ethics program, and installed a monitor to oversee BP’s trading activities in the commodities markets. BP also paid $53 million BP into a restitution fund for victims, a $100 million criminal penalty, plus $25 million into a consumer fraud fund, as well as other payments. Also in 2007, four other former traders were charged. These charges were dismissed by a US District Court in 2009 on the grounds that the transactions were exempt under the Commodities Exchange Act because they didn't occur in a marketplace but were negotiated contracts among sophisticated companies. The dismissal was upheld by the Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit
in 2011.
In November 2010, US regulators FERC and CFTC began an investigation of BP for allegedly manipulating the gas market. The investigation relates to trading activity that occurred in October and November 2008. At that time, CFTC Enforcement staff provided BP with a notice of intent to recommend charges of attempted market manipulation in violation of the Commodity Exchange Act. BP denied that it engaged in "any inappropriate or unlawful activity." In July 2011, the FERC staff issued a "Notice of Alleged Violations" saying it had preliminarily determined that several BP entities fraudulently traded physical natural gas in the Houston Ship Channel and Katy markets and trading points to increase the value of their financial swing spread positions.
BP's London offices, along with those of Royal Dutch Shell and Statoil, were raided in May 2013 by regulators from the European Commission, beginning an investigation into allegations the companies reported distorted prices to the price reporting agency Platts, in order to "manipulate the published prices" for several oil and biofuel products. The EC is probing allegations the companies colluded to rig prices for more than a decade.

</doc>
<doc id="18998726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998726" title="2000 UCI Track Cycling World Championships">
2000 UCI Track Cycling World Championships

The 2000 UCI Track Cycling World Championships were the World Championship for track cycling. They took place in Manchester, United Kingdom from October 26 to October 30, 2000.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18998734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998734" title="Gaston Modot">
Gaston Modot

Gaston Modot (31 December 188720 February 1970) was a French actor. For more than 50 years he performed for the cinema working with a number of French directors.
Modot lived in Montmartre at the beginning of the 20th century where he met Picasso and Modigliani. In 1909 he started his career with Gaumont and for the following 20 years he covered all silent film genres. In 1917 he was the main actor in Abel Gance's "Mater dolorosa". He played in Germaine Dulac and Louis Delluc's avant-garde films "La fête espagnole" (1919) and "Fièvre" (1921). With Max Linder, Modot played in Abel Gance's "Au secours!" (1924). Towards the end of the 1920s he performed in German-French co-productions.
He is still famous for his role of "Manns" in Luis Buñuel's "L'Âge d'Or" (1930).
He had his first role in a sound film with Rene Clair's "Sous les toits de Paris" (1930). He and Jean Gabin are main characters in Julien Duvivier's "Pépé le Moko" (1937). He acted in Jean Renoir classic films "La grande illusion" and "La règle du jeu" as well as the three hour poetic film "Les enfants du paradis" (1945) for Marcel Carné.
In 1962 Gaston Modot ended his acting career. He had acted in more than 100 films.

</doc>
<doc id="18998736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998736" title="Eastport (LIRR station)">
Eastport (LIRR station)

Eastport was a railroad station built on the former Manorville Branch of the Long Island Rail Road in Eastport, New York. It was opened in 1870 and closed in 1958. It was the easternmost station along both branches in the Town of Brookhaven.
History.
Originally named "Moriches Station" for the nearby towns of Moriches, Center Moriches and East Moriches, despite being located east of the Moricheses, the station was built in March 1870 on the southeast corner of the at-grade crossing of Montauk Highway for what was then the Sag Harbor Branch of the Long Island Railroad. The Sag Harbor Branch was built by Oliver Charlick to prevent the South Side Railroad of Long Island from extending east of Patchogue.
The former South Side Railroad of Long Island main line was extended to Eastport Station on July 27, 1881 after eventual acquisition by the LIRR. On October 18 of that year, it was moved to the southwest corner of Montauk Highway and East Moriches Road, and renamed "Eastport." It also included a wye between eastbound and westbound trains that went over a bridge over Montauk Highway. When the Montauk Extension was finally built east of Bridgehampton Station, Eastport Station officially became the hub of the Manorville Branch and Montauk Branch. From 1916-1938, the junction of these two lines contained the PT Cabins.
The west leg of the wye to the Manorville Branch was abandoned in 1931. The PT Cabins were replaced by automated switches and signals. The branch itself was abandoned in 1949. Along with East Moriches Station just southwest of here, Eastport Station was closed by the LIRR on October 6, 1958, and was moved to a private location in 1959. However, it continues to serve as a hub of local farming freight for decades afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="18998737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998737" title="Blue Hill, Maine">
Blue Hill, Maine

Blue Hill is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States. The population was 2,686 at the 2010 census. It is home to Blue Hill Memorial Hospital, George Stevens Academy, the Blue Hill Harbor School, New Surry Theatre, Kneisel Hall, Bagaduce Music Lending Library, the Kollegewidgwok Yacht Club [http://wikimapia.org/#lat=44.4166166&lon=-68.597517&z=14&l=0&m=b&show=/10786883/Kollegewidgewock-Yacht-Club] and the Blue Hill Country Club. A community on Blue Hill Bay, the town is the site of the annual Blue Hill Fair.
History.
It was one of six townships granted by the Massachusetts General Court to David Marsh and 351 others for their service in the French and Indian War. Called Plantation Number 5, it was first settled in 1762 by Captain Joseph Wood and John Roundy from Andover, Massachusetts, who built homes on Mill Island at the tidal falls. It would then be called Newport Plantation. On January 30, 1789, the town was incorporated as Blue Hill, named after its commanding summit overlooking the region.
The outlets of various ponds provided water power for several sawmills and gristmills. By 1859, 5,000 cords of firewood were sent from the port annually. Other products included lumber, masts and roof shingles, but the predominant industry was shipbuilding. Beginning in 1792, 133 vessels were constructed at Blue Hill, some of them brigs and ships, but most schooners. The town was also noted for the quality of its granite, some of which was used to build the Brooklyn Bridge, New York Stock Exchange building, and the U.S. Custom House at Norfolk, Virginia. In 1876, local quarries employed 300 workers. Today, Blue Hill is a small, tight-knit community with much antique architecture. It is a summer vacation destination, boasting reversing falls, unique galleries, and numerous outside activities.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which is land and is water. Located on Blue Hill Bay, the town is drained by Mill Brook. Blue Hill, elevation 940 feet (287 meters), is the town's highest point. Long Island, situated in Blue Hill Bay, is part of the town.
Blue Hill is crossed by state routes 15, 172, 176 and 177. It borders the towns of Surry to the northeast, Brooklin to the southeast, Sedgwick to the southwest, and Penobscot to the northwest. The town is the site of Blue Hill Airport.
Demographics.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 2,686 people, 1,279 households, and 733 families residing in the town. The population density was . There were 1,936 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the town was 97.3% White, 0.4% African American, 0.4% Native American, 1.1% Asian, 0.1% from other races, and 0.7% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.8% of the population.
There were 1,279 households of which 21.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were married couples living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.7% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.66.
The median age in the town was 49.5 years. 17.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 36.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.
2000 census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,390 people, 1,074 households, and 681 families residing in the town. The population density was 38.2 people per square mile (14.8/km²). There were 1,486 housing units at an average density of 23.8 per square mile (9.2/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 97.87% White, 0.38% African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.13% Asian, 0.08% from other races, and 1.34% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.13% of the population.
There were 1,074 households out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were married couples living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.73.
In the town the population was spread out with 21.5% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 89.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.8 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $31,484, and the median income for a family was $41,688. Males had a median income of $28,200 versus $23,616 for females. The per capita income for the town was $19,189. About 9.3% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.4% of those under age 18 and 12.8% of those age 65 or over.
References.
the artist/painter george lee crosby has resided in Blue Hill, Maine since 2004

</doc>
<doc id="18998739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998739" title="The Sorcerer's Apprentice (2002 film)">
The Sorcerer's Apprentice (2002 film)

"The Sorcerer's Apprentice" is a 2002 fantasy film. Although set in England, the film was shot on location in South Africa.
Synopsis.
Every hundred years, the evil Morgana (Kelly LeBrock) returns to claim Fingall's talisman from the wizard Merlin, with which she intends to destroy the world. For the last fourteen hundred years she has failed... now she intends to conquer all. 
Young Ben Clark (Byron Taylor) moves with his parents to a new town, where he befriends his elderly magician neighbor, Milner (Robert Davi). Ben has a natural talent for magic and wants to learn all that he can from this old man. Ben carries the same scar as the original staff-bearer 1,400 years before. Both Morgana and Milner, who is revealed to be Merlin, see this as a sign that this time, the battle between good and evil will be stronger and harder than ever. 
Ben must make his own choice between good and evil as he is drawn into a battle and must draw on his own spirit and magic to decide which path to follow and hence, the fate of the world as we know it.

</doc>
<doc id="18998741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998741" title="Harvard Business School">
Harvard Business School

Harvard Business School (HBS) is the graduate business school of Harvard University in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The school offers a large full-time MBA program, doctoral programs, and many executive education programs. It owns "Harvard Business School Publishing", which publishes business books, leadership articles, online management tools for corporate learning, case studies, and the monthly "Harvard Business Review".
MBA program.
Rankings.
HBS is consistently ranked among the foremost business schools in the world. It is rated #1 among U.S. business schools by "U.S. News & World Report". #1 by the QS Global 200 Business Schools Report, #2 by "Bloomberg BusinessWeek", #1 by "Forbes", and #14 by "The Wall Street Journal". Internationally, HBS is ranked #1 in the world by "América Economía", #1 in the world by "CNN Expansion", #1 in the world by the "Financial Times", #5 in the world by "The Economist", and #21 in the world by "The Wall Street Journal".
In the most recent aggregated "ranking of rankings" of US business schools, HBS ranked #5 in the Financial Times and #1 with Poets&Quants. Each of these rankings is a composite of five major MBA rankings published by "Bloomberg BusinessWeek", "The Economist", "The Financial Times", "Forbes", "Wall Street Journal" and/or "U.S. News & World Report" which is meant to eliminate anomalies and other statistical distortions that are often present in any single ranking.
Student life.
Students can join one or more of the more than 80 clubs on campus. The clubs invite speakers to campus, organize trips, social events, and help forming bonds between students of similar interests. The Student Association (SA) is the main interface between the MBA student body and the faculty/administration. It is led by a four-person Executive Committee (two Co-Presidents, CFO and COO). The decision power rests with the Senate, which is composed of one senator from each section (a total of ten), the Executive Committee, and various committees made up of section officers. Intramurals are also a major part of the student life, especially in the first year. Sections form teams and compete with each other in basketball, flag football, volleyball, soccer and many other inter-mural sports.
The rigorous schedule of class work is often tempered by high energy social functions and perennial events such as the cross-dressing Priscilla Ball, the spring Newport Ball held at a Newport, RI, mansion, and the winter Hollidazzle Ball usually held in Boston, MA.
Initiatives.
HBS has outlined several initiatives for developing MBAs, including environmental sustainability, healthcare, globalization, leadership, and social enterprise.
SVMP.
The Summer Venture in Management Program (SVMP) is a one week management training program for rising college seniors designed to increase diversity and opportunity in business education. Participants must be employed in a summer internship and be nominated by and have sponsorship from their company or organization to attend.
Academic units.
The school's faculty are divided into ten academic units: Accounting and Management; Business, Government and the International Economy; Entrepreneurial Management; Finance; General Management; Marketing; Negotiation, Organizations & Markets; Organizational Behavior; Strategy; and Technology and Operations Management.
Donor programs.
In fall 2010, the Sir Dorabji Tata Trust, and the Tata Education and Development Trust, which are philanthropic arms of the Tata Group gave HBS its biggest ever international donation of $50 million. This donation is funding Tata Hall, named after Ratan Tata (AMP ’75), the chairman of Tata Sons Ltd. The facility will be devoted to the Harvard Business School’s mid-career Executive Education program. It will be seven or eight stories tall with about 150,000 gross square feet. It will house approximately 180 bedrooms in addition to academic and multi-purpose spaces.
Located in the northeast corner of the HBS campus, Tata Hall will complete the Executive Education quad, which currently includes McArthur, Baker, and Mellon Halls (residence), McCollum and Hawes (classroom), Kresge (dining), and Glass (administration). Its construction started in December 5, 2011 and its completion is scheduled for December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18998745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998745" title="Moriches">
Moriches

Moriches may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18998750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998750" title="Reuters">
Reuters

Reuters is an international news agency headquartered in Canary Wharf, London, United Kingdom and a division of Thomson Reuters. Until 2008, the Reuters news agency formed part of an independent company, Reuters Group plc, which was also a provider of financial market data. Since the acquisition of Reuters Group by The Thomson Corporation in 2008, the Reuters news agency has been a part of Thomson Reuters, forming part of its financial and risk division. It transmits news in English, French, Arabic, Spanish, German, Italian, Russian, Chinese, Japanese, and Portuguese.
History.
The Reuter agency was established in 1851 by Paul Julius Reuter in Britain at the London Royal Exchange. Paul Reuter worked at a book-publishing firm in Berlin and was involved in distributing radical pamphlets at the beginning of the Revolutions in 1848. These publications brought much attention to Reuter. He later developed a prototype news service in 1849 in which he used electric telegraphy and carrier pigeons. The Reuter's Telegram Company was later launched. The company initially covered commercial news, serving banks, brokerage houses, and business firms.
The first newspaper client to subscribe was the London "Morning Advertiser" in 1858. Newspaper subscriptions subsequently expanded.
Over the years Reuter's agency has built a reputation in Europe and the rest of the world as the first to report news scoops from abroad. Reuters was the first to report Abraham Lincoln’s assassination among other major stories. Almost every major news outlet in the world currently subscribes to Reuters. Reuters operates in more than 200 cities in 94 countries in about 20 languages.
The last surviving member of the Reuters family founders, Marguerite, Baroness de Reuter, died at age 96 on 25 January 2009, after having suffered a series of strokes.
Journalists.
Reuters employs several thousand journalists, sometimes at the cost of their lives. In May 2000, Kurt Schork, an American reporter, was killed in an ambush while on assignment in Sierra Leone. In April and August 2003, news cameramen Taras Protsyuk and Mazen Dana were killed in separate incidents by U.S. troops in Iraq. In July 2007, Namir Noor-Eldeen and Saeed Chmagh were killed when they were fired upon by a U.S. military Apache helicopter in Baghdad after having been mistakenly identified as carrying weapons. During 2004, cameramen Adlan Khasanov in Chechnya and Dhia Najim in Iraq were also killed. In April 2008, cameraman Fadel Shana was killed in the Gaza Strip after being hit by an Israeli tank using flechettes.
The first Reuters journalist to be taken hostage in action was Anthony Grey. Detained while covering China's Cultural Revolution in Peking in the late 1960s, it was said to be in response to the jailing of several Chinese journalists by the colonial British government of Hong Kong. He was considered to be the first political hostage of the modern age and was released after almost 2 years of solitary confinement. Awarded an OBE by the British Government in recognition of this, he went on to become a best-selling author.
Criticism and controversy.
Policy of objective language.
Reuters has a strict policy toward upholding journalistic objectivity. This policy has caused comment on the possible insensitivity of its non-use of the word "terrorist" in reports, including the 11 September attacks. Reuters has been careful to use the word "terrorist" only in quotes, whether quotations or scare quotes. Reuters global news editor Stephen Jukes wrote, "We all know that one man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter, and that Reuters upholds the principle that we do not use the word terrorist." "The Washington Post" media critic Howard Kurtz responded, “After the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, and again after the attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon, Reuters allowed the events to be described as acts of terror. But as of last week, even that terminology is banned.” Reuters later apologised for this characterization of their policy, although they maintained the policy itself.
The 20 September 2004 edition of "The New York Times" reported that the Reuters global managing editor, David A. Schlesinger, objected to Canadian newspapers' editing of Reuters articles by inserting the word "terrorist", stating that "my goal is to protect our reporters and protect our editorial integrity."
However, when reporting the 7 July 2005 London bombings, the service reported, "Police said they suspected terrorists were behind the bombings." This line appeared to break with their previous policy and was also criticized. Reuters later clarified by pointing out they include the word "when we are quoting someone directly or in indirect speech," and the headline was an example of the latter. The news organisation has subsequently used "terrorist" without quotations when the article clarifies that it is someone else's words.
In 2011 the Journal of Applied Business Research published research by Henry I. Silverman, an associate professor at Roosevelt University, specialising in Finance, Information Systems, Real Estate and Accounting, that concluded that "Reuters engages in systematically biased storytelling in favor of the Arabs/Palestinians." Reuters denied the allegations.
Climate change reporting.
In July 2013, David Fogarty, former Reuters climate change correspondent in Asia, resigned after a career of almost 20 years with the company and wrote about a "climate of fear" which resulted in "progressively, getting any climate change-themed story published got harder" following comments from then deputy editor-in-chief Paul Ingrassia that he was a "climate change sceptic." In his comments, Fogarty stated that "Some desk editors happily subbed and pushed the button. Others agonised and asked a million questions. Debate on some story ideas generated endless bureaucracy by editors frightened to take a decision, reflecting a different type of climate within Reuters—the climate of fear," and that "by mid-October, I was informed that climate change just wasn't a big story for the present. ... Very soon after that conversation I was told my climate change role was abolished." Ingrassia, currently Reuters' managing editor, formerly worked for the "Wall Street Journal" and Dow Jones for 31 years. Reuter's responded to Fogarty's piece by stating that "Reuters has a number of staff dedicated to covering this story, including a team of specialist reporters at Point Carbon and a columnist. There has been no change in our editorial policy."
Subsequently climate blogger Joe Romm cited a Reuters article on climate as employing "false balance," and quoted Dr. Stefan Rahmstorf, Co-Chair of Earth System Analysis at the Potsdam Institute that "simply, a lot of unrelated climate skeptics nonsense has been added to this Reuters piece. In the words of the late Steve Schneider, this is like adding some nonsense from the Flat Earth Society to a report about the latest generation of telecommunication satellites. It is absurd." Romm opined that "We can't know for certain who insisted on cramming this absurd and non-germane 'climate skeptics nonsense' into the piece, but we have a strong clue. If it had been part of the reporter's original reporting, you would have expected direct quotes from actual skeptics, because that is journalism 101. The fact that the blather was all inserted without attribution citing source suggests it was added at the insistence of an editor."
Photograph controversies / Accusations of anti-Israel bias.
Reuters was accused of bias against Israel in its coverage of the 2006 Israel–Lebanon conflict, in which the company used two doctored photos by a Lebanese freelance photographer Adnan Hajj. On 7 August 2006, Reuters announced it had severed all ties with Hajj and said his photographs would be removed from its database.
In 2010 Reuters was criticised again for "anti-Israeli" bias when it cropped the edges of photos, removing commandos' knives held by activists and a naval commando's blood from photographs taken aboard the "Mavi Marmara" during the Gaza flotilla raid, a raid that left nine Turkish activists dead. It has been alleged that in two separate photographs, knives held by the activists were cropped out of the versions of the pictures published by Reuters. Reuters said it is standard operating procedure to crop photos at the margins, and replaced the cropped images with the original ones after it was brought to the agency’s attention.

</doc>
<doc id="18998751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998751" title="Education Corps">
Education Corps

Education Corps may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18998767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998767" title="Hey Little One">
Hey Little One

Hey Little One is the eighth album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1968 by Capitol Records. The single "I Wanna Live" became Campbell's first #1 hit on the country charts.
Charts.
Album – Billboard (United States)
Singles – Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="18998781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998781" title="Nike, Inc.">
Nike, Inc.

Nike, Inc. ( or ) is an American multinational corporation that is engaged in the design, development, manufacturing and worldwide marketing and selling of footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories and services. The company is headquartered near Beaverton, Oregon, in the Portland metropolitan area, and is one of only two Fortune 500 companies headquartered in Oregon. It is one of the world's largest suppliers of athletic shoes and apparel and a major manufacturer of sports equipment, with revenue in excess of US$24.1 billion in its fiscal year 2012 (ending May 31, 2012). As of 2012, it employed more than 44,000 people worldwide. The brand alone is valued at $10.7 billion, making it the most valuable brand among sports businesses.
The company was founded on January 25, 1964, as Blue Ribbon Sports, by Bill Bowerman and Phil Knight, and officially became Nike, Inc. on May 30, 1971. The company takes its name from Nike (Greek Νίκη, pronounced ), the Greek goddess of victory. Nike markets its products under its own brand, as well as Nike Golf, Nike Pro, Nike+, Air Jordan, Nike Skateboarding, and subsidiaries including Hurley International and Converse. Nike also owned Bauer Hockey (later renamed Nike Bauer) between 1995 and 2008, and previously owned Cole Haan and Umbro. In addition to manufacturing sportswear and equipment, the company operates retail stores under the Niketown name. Nike sponsors many high-profile athletes and sports teams around the world, with the highly recognized trademarks of "Just Do It" and the Swoosh logo.
Origins and history.
Nike, originally known as Blue Ribbon Sports (BRS), was founded by University of Oregon track athlete Philip Knight and his coach Bill Bowerman in January 1964. The company initially operated as a distributor for Japanese shoe maker Onitsuka Tiger (now ASICS), making most sales at track meets out of Knight's automobile.
According to Otis Davis, a student athlete whom Bowerman coached at the University of Oregon, who later went on to win two gold medals at the 1960 Summer Olympics, Bowerman made the first pair of Nike shoes for him, contradicting a claim that they were made for Phil Knight. Says Davis, "I told Tom Brokaw that I was the first. I don't care what all the billionaires say. Bill Bowerman made the first pair of shoes for me. People don't believe me. In fact, I didn't like the way they felt on my feet. There was no support and they were too tight. But I saw Bowerman make them from the waffle iron, and they were mine."
In 1964, in its first year in business, BRS sold 1,300 pairs of Japanese running shoes grossing $8,000. By 1965 the fledgling company had acquired a full-time employee, and sales had reached $20,000. In 1966, BRS opened its first retail store, located at 3107 Pico Boulevard in Santa Monica, California next to a beauty salon, so its employees no longer needed to sell inventory from the back of their cars. In 1967, due to rapidly increasing sales, BRS expanded retail and distribution operations on the East Coast, in Wellesley, Massachusetts.
By 1971, the relationship between BRS and Onitsuka Tiger was nearing an end. BRS prepared to launch its own line of footwear, which would bear the Swoosh newly designed by Carolyn Davidson. The Swoosh was first used by Nike on June 18, 1971, and was registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on January 22, 1974.
In 1976, the company hired John Brown and Partners, based in Seattle, as its first advertising agency. The following year, the agency created the first "brand ad" for Nike, called "There is no finish line", in which no Nike product was shown. By 1980, Nike had attained a 50% market share in the U.S. athletic shoe market, and the company went public in December of that year.
Together, Nike and Wieden+Kennedy have created many print and television advertisements, and Wieden+Kennedy remains Nike's primary ad agency. It was agency co-founder Dan Wieden who coined the now-famous slogan "Just Do It" for a 1988 Nike ad campaign, which was chosen by "Advertising Age" as one of the top five ad slogans of the 20th century and enshrined in the Smithsonian Institution. Walt Stack was featured in Nike's first "Just Do It" advertisement, which debuted on July 1, 1988. Wieden credits the inspiration for the slogan to "Let's do it", the last words spoken by Gary Gilmore before he was executed.
Throughout the 1980s, Nike expanded its product line to encompass many sports and regions throughout the world. In 1990, Nike moved into its eight-building World Headquarters campus in Beaverton, Oregon.
Acquisitions.
Nike has acquired several apparel and footwear companies over the course of its history, some of which have since been sold. Its first acquisition was the upscale footwear company Cole Haan in 1988, followed by the purchase of Bauer Hockey in 1994. In 2002, Nike bought surf apparel company Hurley International from founder Bob Hurley. In 2003, Nike paid US$309 million to acquire Converse, makers of the Chuck Taylor All-Stars line of sneakers. The company acquired Starter in 2004 and Umbro, known as the manufacturers of the England national football team's kit, in 2008.
In order to refocus on its core business lines, Nike began divesting of some of its subsidiaries in the 2000s. It sold Starter in 2007 and Bauer Hockey in 2008. The company sold Umbro in 2012, and Cole Haan in 2013. As of 2013, Nike owns two key subsidiaries: Converse Inc. and Hurley International.
Finance.
Nike Inc. will buy back $8 billion of Nike's class B stock in 4 years after the current $5 billion buyback program is completed in second quarter of fiscal 2013. Up to September 2012, Nike Inc. has bought back $10 billion of stock.
On December 19, 2013, Nike Inc's quarterly profit rose as a result of global orders for merchandise for delivery by April increased 13 percent. Future orders of shoes or clothes for delivery between December and April, rose to $10.4 billion. Nike shares (NKE) rose 0.6 percent to $78.75 in extended trading.
Products.
Nike produces a wide range of sports equipment. Their first products were track running shoes. They currently also make shoes, jerseys, shorts, cleats, baselayers, etc. for a wide range of sports, including track and field, baseball, ice hockey, tennis, association football (soccer), lacrosse, basketball, and cricket. Nike Air Max is a line of shoes first released by Nike, Inc. in 1987. Additional product lines were introduced later, such as Air Huarache, which debuted in 1992. The most recent additions to their line are the Nike 6.0, Nike NYX, and Nike SB shoes, designed for skateboarding. Nike has recently introduced cricket shoes called Air Zoom Yorker, designed to be 30% lighter than their competitors'. In 2008, Nike introduced the Air Jordan XX3, a high-performance basketball shoe designed with the environment in mind.
Nike sells an assortment of products, including shoes and apparel for sports activities like association football, basketball, running, combat sports, tennis, American football, athletics, golf, and cross training for men, women, and children. Nike also sells shoes for outdoor activities such as tennis, golf, skateboarding, association football, baseball, American football, cycling, volleyball, wrestling, cheerleading, aquatic activities, auto racing, and other athletic and recreational uses. Nike is well known and popular in youth culture, chav culture and hip hop culture for their supplying of urban fashion clothing. Nike recently teamed up with Apple Inc. to produce the Nike+ product that monitors a runner's performance via a radio device in the shoe that links to the iPod nano. While the product generates useful statistics, it has been criticized by researchers who were able to identify users' RFID devices from away using small, concealable intelligence motes in a wireless sensor network.
In 2004, Nike launched the SPARQ Training Program/Division.
Some of Nike's newest shoes contain Flywire and Lunarlite Foam to reduce weight.
On July 15, 2009, the Nike+ Sports Band was released in stores. The product records distance run and calories expended, keeps time, and also gives runners new programs online they could try running.
The 2010 Nike Pro Combat jersey collection were worn by teams from the following universities: Miami, Alabama, Boise State University, Florida, Ohio State, Oregon State University, Texas Christian University, Virginia Tech, West Virginia, and Pittsburgh. Teams will wear these jerseys in key matchups as well as any time the athletic department deems it necessary.
Headquarters.
Nike's world headquarters are surrounded by the city of Beaverton, but are within unincorporated Washington County. The city attempted to forcibly annex Nike's headquarters, which led to a lawsuit by Nike, and lobbying by the company that ultimately ended in Oregon Senate Bill 887 of 2005. Under that bill's terms, Beaverton is specifically barred from forcibly annexing the land that Nike and Columbia Sportswear occupy in Washington County for 35 years, while Electro Scientific Industries and Tektronix receive the same protection for 30 years.
Manufacturing.
Nike has contracted with more than 700 shops around the world and has offices located in 45 countries outside the United States. Most of the factories are located in Asia, including Indonesia, China, Taiwan, India, Thailand, Vietnam, Pakistan, Philippines, and Malaysia. Nike is hesitant to disclose information about the contract companies it works with. However, due to harsh criticism from some organizations like CorpWatch, Nike has disclosed information about its contract factories in its Corporate Governance Report.
Human rights concerns.
Sweatshops.
Nike has been criticized for contracting with factories (known as Nike sweatshops) in countries such as China, Vietnam, Indonesia and Mexico. Vietnam Labor Watch, an activist group, has documented that factories contracted by Nike have violated minimum wage and overtime laws in Vietnam as late as 1996, although Nike claims that this practice has been stopped. The company has been subject to much critical coverage of the often poor working conditions and exploitation of cheap overseas labor employed in the free trade zones where their goods are typically manufactured. Sources for this criticism include Naomi Klein's book "No Logo" and Michael Moore documentaries.
During the 1990s, Nike faced criticism for the use of child labor in Cambodia and Pakistan in factories it contracted to manufacture soccer balls. Although Nike took action to curb or at least reduce the practice, they continue to contract their production to companies that operate in areas where inadequate regulation and monitoring make it hard to ensure that child labor is not being used.
In 2001, a BBC documentary uncovered occurrences of child labor and poor working conditions in a Cambodian factory used by Nike. The documentary focused on six girls, who all worked seven days a week, often 16 hours a day.
Campaigns have been taken up by many colleges and universities, especially anti-globalisation groups, as well as several anti-sweatshop groups such as the United Students Against Sweatshops.
As of July 2011, Nike stated that two-thirds of its factories producing Converse products still do not meet the company's standards for worker treatment. A July 2011 Associated Press article stated that employees at the company's plants in Indonesia reported constant abuse from supervisors.
Environmental record.
According to the New England-based environmental organization Clean Air-Cool Planet, Nike ranks among the top three companies (out of 56) in a survey of climate-friendly companies. Nike has also been praised for its Nike Grind program (which closes the product lifecycle) by groups like Climate Counts. One campaign that Nike began for Earth Day 2008 was a commercial that featured basketball star Steve Nash wearing Nike's Trash Talk Shoe, which had been constructed in February 2008 from pieces of leather and synthetic leather waste from factory floors. The Trash Talk Shoe also featured a sole composed of ground-up rubber from a shoe recycling program. Nike claims this is the first performance basketball shoe that has been created from manufacturing waste, but it only produced 5,000 pairs for sale.
Another project Nike has begun is called Nike's Reuse-A-Shoe program. This program, started in 1993, is Nike's longest-running program that benefits both the environment and the community by collecting old athletic shoes of any type in order to process and recycle them. The material that is produced is then used to help create sports surfaces such as basketball courts, running tracks, and playgrounds.
A project through the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill found workers were exposed to toxic isocyanates and other chemicals in footwear factories in Thailand. In addition to inhalation, dermal exposure was the biggest problem found. This could result in allergic reactions including asthmatic reactions.
Marketing strategy.
Nike promotes its products by sponsorship agreements with celebrity athletes, professional teams and college athletic teams.
Advertising.
In 1982, Nike aired its first national television ads, created by newly formed ad agency Wieden+Kennedy (W+K), during the broadcast of the New York Marathon. The Cannes Advertising Festival has named Nike its Advertiser of the Year in 1994 and 2003, making it the first company to receive that honor twice.
Nike also has earned the Emmy Award for best commercial twice since the award was first created in the 1990s. The first was for "The Morning After," a satirical look at what a runner might face on the morning of January 1, 2000 if every dire prediction about the Y2K problem came to fruition. The second was for a 2002 spot called "Move," which featured a series of famous and everyday athletes in a variety of athletic pursuits.
Beatles song.
Nike was criticized for its use of the Beatles song "Revolution" in a 1987 commercial against the wishes of Apple Records, the Beatles' recording company. Nike paid US$250,000 to Capitol Records Inc., which held the North American licensing rights to the recordings, for the right to use the Beatles' rendition for a year.
Apple sued Nike Inc., Capitol Records Inc., EMI Records Inc. and Wieden+Kennedy for $15 million. Capitol-EMI countered by saying the lawsuit was "groundless" because Capitol had licensed the use of "Revolution" with the "active support and encouragement of Yoko Ono Lennon, a shareholder and director of Apple."
Nike discontinued airing ads featuring "Revolution" in March 1988. Yoko Ono later gave permission to Nike to use John Lennon's "Instant Karma" in another advertisement.
New media marketing.
Nike was an early adopter of internet marketing, email management technologies, and using broadcast and narrowcast communication technologies to create multimedia marketing campaigns.
In 1997, Nike was under fire for their labor practices amidst increased public awareness of the use of sweatshops in outsourced manufacturing. Nike created a website and adopted an email management system, EchoMail, to diplomatically deal with the influx of email communication and strengthen their public image through one-on-one interactions. This allowed them to mine data, remain sensitive to customer feedback, and reduce the cost of service. Advertisers Wieden+Kennedy utilized the same email management technology for Nike to integrate TV, email, print media and the web in one of the earliest multimedia marketing campaigns, that allowed consumers to email featured athletes.
Minor Threat advertisement.
In late June 2005, Nike received criticism from Ian MacKaye, owner of Dischord Records, guitarist/vocalist for Fugazi and The Evens, and front man of the defunct punk band Minor Threat, for appropriating imagery and text from Minor Threat's 1981 self-titled album's cover art in a flyer promoting Nike Skateboarding's 2005 East Coast demo tour. 
On June 27, Nike Skateboarding's website issued an apology to Dischord, Minor Threat, and fans of both and announced that they have tried to remove and dispose of all flyers. They stated that the people who designed it were skateboarders and Minor Threat fans themselves who created the advertisement out of respect and appreciation for the band. The dispute was eventually settled out of court between Nike and Minor Threat.
Nike 6.0.
As part of the 6.0 campaign, Nike introduced a new line of T-shirts that include phrases such as "Dope", "Get High" and "Ride Pipe" – sports lingo that is also a double entendre for drug use. Boston Mayor Thomas Menino expressed his objection to the shirts after seeing them in a window display at the city's Niketown and asked the store to remove the display. "What we don't need is a major corporation like Nike, which tries to appeal to the younger generation, out there giving credence to the drug issue," Menino told "The Boston Herald". A company official stated the shirts were meant to pay homage to extreme sports, and that Nike does not condone the illegal use of drugs. Nike was forced to replace the shirt line.
Sponsorship.
Nike pays top athletes in many sports to use their products and promote and advertise their technology and design.
Nike's first professional athlete endorser was Romanian tennis player Ilie Năstase. The first track endorser was distance runner Steve Prefontaine. Prefontaine was the prized pupil of the company's co-founder, Bill Bowerman, while he coached at the University of Oregon. Today, the Steve Prefontaine Building is named in his honor at Nike's corporate headquarters.
Nike has also sponsored many other successful track and field athletes over the years, such as Carl Lewis, Jackie Joyner-Kersee and Sebastian Coe. The signing of basketball player Michael Jordan in 1984, with his subsequent promotion of Nike over the course of his career, with Spike Lee as Mars Blackmon, proved to be one of the biggest boosts to Nike's publicity and sales.
Nike has been the official kit sponsor for the Indian cricket team since 2005.
Nike is a major sponsor of the athletic programs at Penn State University and named its first child care facility after Joe Paterno when it opened in 1990 at the company's headquarters. Nike originally announced it would not remove Paterno's name from the building in the wake of the Penn State sex abuse scandal. After the Freeh Report was released on July 12, 2012, Nike CEO Mark Parker announced the name Joe Paterno would be removed immediately from the child development center. A new name has yet to be announced.
Nike also sponsored soccer players such as Ronaldinho, Ronaldo, Cristiano Ronaldo, Didier Drogba, Neymar, Zlatan Ibrahimović, Mario Balotelli, Wesley Sneijder, Wayne Rooney, Landon Donovan among others.
In January 2013, Nike signed Rory McIlroy, the then No 1 golfer in the world to a 10-year sponsorship deal worth $250 million. The deal includes using Nike's range of golf clubs, a move Nick Faldo previously described as "dangerous" for McIlroy's game.
On February 21, 2013, Nike announced it suspended its contract with Oscar Pistorius, due to his being charged with premeditated murder.
In January 2014, it was widely reported that Nike had entered negotiations with Manchester United F.C. over a "billion dollar" kit manufacturing deal, extending their current contract beyond 2015.
Current sponsorships.
Nike manufactures and provides kit uniforms for a wide range of teams around the world. Some of the most important clubs and associations sponsored by the company are:
Causes.
In 2012, Nike is listed as a partner of the (RED) campaign, together with other brands such as Girl, American Express and Converse. The campaign's mission is to prevent the transmission of the HIV virus from mother to child by 2015 (the campaign's byline is "Fighting For An AIDS Free Generation").

</doc>
<doc id="18998784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998784" title="Robert Reid (architect)">
Robert Reid (architect)

Robert Reid (8th November 1774 - 20th March 1856) was the King's architect and surveyor for Scotland from 1827 to 1839. He is responsible for a number of public works particularly the façade of Parliament Square in Edinburgh, which houses the Court of Session. 
Reid also contributed to the layout of Charlotte Square in the city following fellow architect Robert Adam's death, constructing a home for himself there (No. 44) and completing the design for West Register House (formerly St George's Church). In 1802 he went on to contribute to the planning of the northern part of Edinburgh's New Town and in 1834 further revisited Adam's works in extending Register House.
He is buried in Dean Cemetery, Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="18998794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998794" title="Museum of Bags and Purses">
Museum of Bags and Purses

The Museum of Bags and Purses (), located in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, is a museum devoted to historic handbags, purses and suitcases. The museum's collection includes 4,000 items dating back to the 16th century. One of only three museums across the globe specializing in the field, and its collection is the world's largest.
While the majority of visitors to the museum are women, the most valuable item on exhibit is a sixteenth-century men's goat-skin belt pouch with iron clasps.
History.
About 30 years ago, Hendrikje Ivo an antique dealer from Amstelveen, bought a small antique tortoiseshell bag inlaid with mother of pearl in England, dating back to 1820 and crafted in Germany. Hendrikje's interest in discovering the history of this first bag triggered a passion for collecting handbags. Before too long she had collected more than 3,000 bags. She soon decided to show part of the collection to the public. At first, the museum existed in two rooms of a villa in Amstelveen, but as the collection grew, the couple looked for a new location. Since June 2007, the museum is located in a 17th Century patrician house at the Herengracht, Amsterdam's most prestigious canal.
Today, the Museum of Bags and Purses is a serious institution with a permanent exhibition presenting the core of the collection and temporary shows of the particular designers, mostly Dutch.
Collection.
The earliest handbags in the museum's collection are typically small, used to carry coins, keys and sewing kits. Such bags were carried, by both men and women, under clothing to avoid drawing the attention of thieves. The development of pants with pockets for men, and the change from billowing skirts to more form-fitting dresses, led to handbags becoming an item for women, often with elaborate adornment.
With the coming of the Industrial Revolution in the 18th century, technology and the growth of rail travel accessible to the middle class led to larger handbags, often made of durable leather.
Brand name bags came to the fore in the 1950s, epitomized by items in the collection including a quilted Chanel purse and the Hermès Kelly bag.
Exhibitions.
Besides the permanent collection, there are also temporary exhibitions. Till the 21st of February 2010 you can visit the exhibition: Made in Britain, with bags from English designers like Vivienne Westwood, Alexander McQueen, Lulu Guinness, Paul Smith and Anya Hindmarch. 
From the 8th of March 2010 the Museum of Bags and Purses will show the exhibition: CRYSTAL loves LEATHER. This collection was previously shown in New York, Tokyo, Antwerp and the Louvre in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18998821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998821" title="Yekaterina Marennikova">
Yekaterina Marennikova

Yekaterina Aleksandrovna Marennikova (; born 29 April 1982 in Leningrad) is a Russian team handball player, world champion and olympic medallist. 
She won gold medal with the Russian team at the 2005 World Women's Handball Championship in Saint Petersburg, Russia. She received a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18998822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998822" title="Dunhuang manuscripts">
Dunhuang manuscripts

The Dunhuang manuscripts are a cache of important religious and secular documents discovered in the Mogao Caves of Dunhuang, China in the early 20th century. Dating from the 5th to early 11th centuries, the manuscripts include works ranging from history and mathematics to folk songs and dance. Most of the religious manuscripts are Buddhist, and other religions including Daoism, Nestorian Christianity and Manichaeism are also represented. The majority of the manuscripts are in the Chinese and Tibetan languages. Other languages represented are Khotanese, Sanskrit, Sogdian, Tangut and Uyghur. The manuscripts are a major resource for academic studies in a wide variety of fields including history, religious studies, linguistics, and manuscript studies.
History.
The documents were discovered in a sealed cave by the Daoist monk Wang Yuanlu on June 25, 1900. From 1907 onwards he began to sell them to Western explorers, notably Aurel Stein and Paul Pelliot. Russian and Japanese explorers also acquired collections of manuscripts. But largely due to the efforts of the scholar and antiquarian, Luo Zhenyu, most of the remaining Chinese manuscripts were taken to Beijing and are now in the National Library of China. Several thousands of folios of Tibetan manuscripts were left in Dunhuang and are now located in several museums and libraries in the region. Those purchased by Western scholars are now kept in institutions all over the world, such as the British Library and the Bibliothèque nationale de France. All of the manuscript collections are being digitised by the International Dunhuang Project, and can be freely accessed online.
Studies of the Dunhuang manuscripts.
While most studies use Dunhuang manuscripts to address issues in areas such as history and religious studies, some have addressed questions about the provenance and materiality of the manuscripts themselves. Various reasons have been suggested for the placing of the manuscripts in the library cave and its sealing. Aurel Stein suggested that the manuscripts were "sacred waste", an explanation that found favour with later scholars including Fujieda Akira. More recently, it has been suggested that the cave functioned as a storeroom for a Buddhist monastic library, though this has been disputed. The reason for the cave's sealing has also been the subject of speculation. A popular hypothesis is that the cave was sealed to protect the manuscripts at the advent of an invasion by the Xixia army, or alternatively in the fear of an invasion by Islamic Kharkhanids that never occurred. But as there is no evidence to support either theory, Yoshiro Imaeda has suggested a more pragmatic reason for the sealing of the cave:
Languages and scripts.
The variety of languages and scripts found among the Dunhuang manuscripts is a result of the multicultural nature of the region in the first millennium AD. The largest proportion of the manuscripts are written in Chinese, both Classical and, to a lesser extent, vernacular Chinese. Most manuscripts, including Buddhist texts, are written in Kaishu or 'regular script', while others are written in the cursive Xingshu or 'running script'. An unusual feature of the Dunhuang manuscripts dating from the 9th and 10th centuries is that some appear to have been written with a hard stylus rather than with a brush. According to Akira Fujieda this was due to the lack of materials for constructing brushes in Dunhuang after the Tibetan occupation in the late 8th century.
The Dunhuang manuscripts represent some of the earliest examples of Tibetan writing. Several styles are represented among the manuscripts, forbears of the later Uchen (dbu can) and Umê script (dbu med) styles. Both Old Tibetan and Classical Tibetan are represented in the manuscripts, as well as the undeciphered Nam language and a language that some have identified as the Zhang-zhung language.
Other languages represented include Khotanese, Old Turkic, Uyghur, Sanskrit and Sogdian.
Buddhist texts.
By far the largest proportion of manuscripts from the Dunhuang cave contain Buddhist texts. These include Buddhist sutras, commentaries and treatises, often copied for the purpose of generating religious merit. Several hundred manuscripts have been identified as notes taken by students, including the popular Buddhist narratives known as "bian wen" (變文). Much of the scholarship on the Chinese Buddhist manuscripts has been on the Chan (or Zen) texts, which have revolutionized the history of Chan Buddhism. Among the Tibetan Buddhist manuscripts, the texts of early Tibetan tantric Buddhism, including Mahayoga and Atiyoga or Dzogchen have been the subject of many studies.

</doc>
<doc id="18998832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998832" title="1987–88 Bradford City A.F.C. season">
1987–88 Bradford City A.F.C. season

The 1987–88 season was the 85th season in Bradford City A.F.C.'s history, and their 73rd in The Football League. They finished fourth in the Football League Second Division, having been six points clear at the top of the table at one point. City went into the play-offs and lost over two legs to a Middlesbrough side who City had beaten twice during the league campaign. Having won the first leg 2–1, Middlesbrough went ahead in the second game and after extra time finished 2–0 winners.
The club also reached the fifth round of the FA Cup, the quarter-finals of the League Cup, where they were defeated by eventual winners Luton Town and the semi-finals of the Simod Cup, where they were also knocked by the eventual winners, Reading.
Captain Stuart McCall and forward John Hendrie left at the end of the season. McCall went to an Everton side managed by Colin Harvey and Hendrie to Newcastle United.

</doc>
<doc id="18998854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998854" title="The Bill Jefferson Show">
The Bill Jefferson Show

The Bill Jefferson Show is a television program featuring traditional country music and airing on WPXR-TV, the ION network affiliate in Roanoke, Virginia. The program is filmed in Rocky Mount, Virginia, the beginning of the “crooked road” which is an area known for its contribution to traditional American music. The show airs in 39 regions encompassing central and southwest Virginia as well as parts of West Virginia and North Carolina. Notable is the fact that it is reminiscent of the early days of country and western music with cast members dressed in country/western attire and the use of instrumentation such as steel guitar, banjo and fiddle. 
Cast members include:
The program currently airs on Saturdays at 8:30 AM ET and is produced in affiliation with WYTI radio in Rocky Mount, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18998863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998863" title="Kilgour-Matas report">
Kilgour-Matas report

The Kilgour-Matas report is an investigative report by Canadian MP David Kilgour and human rights lawyer David Matas into allegations of organ harvesting from live practitioners of the Falun Gong spiritual movement in China, which was published July 2006 and revised in January 2007. The investigation was requested by the Coalition to Investigate the Persecution of Falun Gong (CIPFG), and concluded that "there has been, and continues today to be, large-scale organ seizures from unwilling Falun Gong practitioners." The government of the People's Republic of China has repeatedly denied the organ harvesting allegations in the report.
The report received a mixed reception. In the US, a Congressional Research Service report by Dr. Thomas Lum stated that the Kilgour-Matas report relied largely on logical inference, without bringing forth new or independently-obtained testimony; the credibility of much of the key evidence was said to be questionable. U.N. special rapporteur Manfred Nowak said in March 2007 that the chain of evidence Kilgour and Matas were documenting showed a "coherent picture that causes concern", which the United Nations Committee Against Torture followed up in November 2008 with a request for "a full explanation of the source of organ transplants", to investigate the claims of organ harvesting, and to take measures to prosecute those committing abuses. Investigations by Ethan Gutmann and European Parliament Vice President Edward McMillan-Scott generally supported the findings of the Kilgour-Matas report. Based on extensive interviews with former prisoners, Gutmann estimated that between 450,000 to 1 million Falun Gong members were detained at any given time, and estimated that tens of thousands may have been targeted for organ harvesting.
Upon release of the initial report on 6 July, Chinese officials declared that China abided by World Health Organization principles that prohibit the sale of human organs without written consent from donors. They denounced the report as smears "based on rumours and false allegations", and said the Chinese government had already investigated the claims and found them without any merit. A Congressional Research Service report said that some of the report’s key allegations appeared to be inconsistent with the findings of other investigations.
After the accusation about Sujiatun, 13 days later, the U.S. consulate in Shenyang have visited the area. The US state department, on 2006 April 14, maintained that "U.S. representatives have found no evidence to support allegations that a site in northeast China has been used as a concentration camp to jail Falun Gong practitioners and harvest their organs", "independent of these specific allegations, the United States remains concerned over China’s repression of Falun Gong practitioners and by reports of organ harvesting."
The US National Kidney Foundation expressed that it was "deeply concerned" about the allegations. Taiwan urged its citizens not to travel to China to receive transplants. The reports led to the Australian Health Ministry's abolition of training programs for Chinese doctors and the banning of joint research programs with China on organ transplantation, and to Kilgour and Matas receiving the 2009 award bestowed by the International Society for Human Rights. In 2009, the authors published the report as a book, titled ""Bloody Harvest"."
The report is now banned in Russia as extremist.
Background.
Falun Gong is a form of "qigong" practice popularized in China in the 1990s, and by 1999, some estimates placed the number of practitioners into the tens of millions. Following a large-scale demonstration complaining of the repression of a previous manifestation, in July 1999 the Communist Party leadership banned the practice and initiated a campaign to suppress the group, and created the 6-10 Office to oversee and coordinate the elimination of Falun Gong.
The suppression that followed was characterised by what Amnesty International called a "massive propaganda campaign," and the detention and imprisonment of tens of thousands of Falun Gong adherents. Authorities reportedly sanctioned the use of torture and other high-pressure tactics in order to pursue the coercive “reeducation” of Falun Gong adherents, sometimes resulting in deaths. Former detainees reported that in some labor camps, Falun Gong practitioners comprised the majority population, and were singled out for abuse. Due to limited access to victims and labor camp facilities, however, many specific reports of abuses are difficult to independently corroborate.
Organ transplantation in the People's Republic of China.
China has had an organ transplantation programme since the 1960s. It is one of the largest organ transplant programmes in the world, peaking at over 13,000 transplants a year in 2004. Involuntary organ harvesting is illegal under Chinese law, although under a 1984 regulation it became legal to remove organs from executed criminals with the prior consent of the criminal or permission of relatives. By the 1990s, growing concerns about possible ethical abuses arising from coerced consent and corruption led medical groups and human rights organizations to start condemning the practice. These concerns resurfaced in 2001, when "The Washington Post" reported claims by a Chinese asylum-seeking doctor that he had taken part in organ extraction operations.
By 2005 the WMA (World Medical Association) had specifically demanded that China cease using prisoners as organ donors. In December of that year, China's Deputy Health Minister acknowledged that the practice of removing organs from executed prisoners for transplant was widespread – as many as 95% of all organ transplants in China derived from executions, and he promised steps to prevent abuse.
Allegations & investigations.
Sujiatun.
The first allegations of systematic organ harvesting from Falun Gong practitioners were made in March 2006 by two individuals claiming to possess knowledge of the involuntary organ extractions at the Sujiatun Thrombosis Hospital in Shenyang, Liaoning province. The allegations were publicized by "the Epoch Times", a newspaper group founded by Falun Gong practitioners. Within one month of the press coverage, third party investigators, including representatives of the US Department of State, said that there was insufficient evidence to prove the allegations. Chinese dissident Harry Wu, who exposed organ harvesting from prison inmates at "laogai" (hard labour camps), immediately sent investigators to the site. Wu was unable to find any concrete evidence to back up the allegations.
Soon thereafter, in May 2006, The Coalition to Investigate the Persecution of Falun Gong requested asked David Kilgour, and Canadian human rights Lawyer David Matas, to investigate the broader allegations of organ harvesting from Falun Gong adherents in China. Kilgour and Matas agreed to investigate.
The report.
On 20 July 2006, Kilgour and Matas presented the findings of their two-month investigation. It was the first version of their report, titled ""Report into Allegations of Organ Harvesting of Falun Gong Practitioners in China"". The report concluded that “the government of China and its agencies in numerous parts of the country, in particular hospitals but also detention centres and 'people's courts', since 1999 have put to death a large but unknown number of Falun Gong prisoners of conscience. Their vital organs, including kidneys, livers, corneas and hearts, were seized involuntarily for sale at high prices, sometimes to foreigners, who normally face long waits for voluntary donations of such organs in their home countries.” The report presented 33 strands of circumstantial evidence that, taken together and in the absence of any disproof, the authors believe led to their stated conclusion. The authors qualified their findings by noting the inherent difficulties in verifying the alleged crimes. For example, no independent bodies are allowed to investigate conditions in China, eyewitness evidence is difficult to obtain, and official information about organ transplantation is often withheld. Kilgrour and Matas themselves were denied visas to go to China to investigate.
In 2007, they presented an updated report under the title: ""Bloody Harvest: Revised Report into Allegations of Organ Harvesting of Falun Gong Practitioners in China"."
Some of the claims and conclusions presented in the report include:
In the second version of the report, published in January 2007, Kilgour and Matas stated that the Government of China has responded to the first version of their report in an unpersuasive way, mostly as attacks on Falun Gong, thus reinforcing the analysis of the report. They further stated that such attacks make possible the violation of the basic human rights of Falun Gong practitioners. They said that the responses have identified only two factual errors in the first version of their report—one in an appendix, in a caption heading, where they placed two Chinese cities in the wrong provinces. "These errors have nothing to do with the analysis or conclusions of our report", they said.
In the absence of evidence that would invalidate the organ harvesting allegations—such as a Chinese government registry showing the identity of every organ donor and donation—Kilgour and Matas concluded that the allegations of China's harvesting organs from live Falun Gong practitioners are true and that the practice was ongoing. They called for a ban on Canadian citizens traveling to China for transplant operations.
In 2009, Kilgour and Matas published the report as a book, titled ""Bloody Harvest"." That year, Kilgour and Matas also received the 2009 Human Rights Award by the German-based International Society for Human Rights; and were nominated for the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize, once by Canadian federal MP Borys Wrzesnewskyj, and once by Balfour Hakak, chairman of the Hebrew Writers Association in Israel, according to media reports.
Other reports.
Ethan Gutmann, adjunct fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, wrote about extensive interviews he had conducted around the world with a variety of former prisoners from Chinese labor camps and prisons, including Falun Gong practitioners and non-practitioners. He initially estimated that the number of practitioners killed for organs could be as high as 120,000, with a low estimate of 9,000, and 65,000 being the median. Estimates have been revised downwards from earlier numbers to reflect changing estimates of the overall Laogai System population by the Laogai Research Foundation. He then attempted to establish the number of individuals who had been examined as serious organ harvesting candidates through interviews to ascertain the proportion of Falun Gong practitioners in labor camps, the rate at which they are subject to medical tests that would be used to ascertain the health of their organs, blood and tissue type. Using research by the Laogai Foundation to determine the number of detention facilities in China, estimated the number of practitioners detained at a given time, and how many were medically examined. He concluded that of the total percentage of Falun Gong practitioners examined in custody, those selected for organ harvesting were between 2.5% and 15%. Based on these estimates he obtained the high-end and low-end estimates. He notes that his median figure is similar to that of an adjusted estimate from Kilgour and Matas (to cover 2000–2008).
Kirk C. Allison, Associate Director of the Program in Human Rights and Medicine in the University of Minnesota, wrote that the "short time frame of an on-demand system in China requires a large pool of donors pre-typed for blood group and HLA matching," and would be consistent with the Falun Gong allegations about the systematic tissue typing of practitioners held prisoner. He wrote that the time constraints involved “cannot be assured on a random-death basis,” and that physicians he queried about the matter indicated that they were selecting live prisoners to ensure quality and compatibility. He said the current level of evidence calls for an independent investigation from the U.S. Congress’s Committee on International Relations.
European Parliament Vice President Edward McMillan-Scott went to China on a fact finding mission during May 2006. He was told by his tour guide, Cao Dong, who said he knew of organ harvesting. He said he had been in a prison and had seen his Falun Gong practitioner friend's cadaver "in the morgue with holes where body parts had been removed". After Cao Dong left his meeting with McMillan Scott, he was arrested. The authorities in September transferred him to Gansu province and issued an arrest warrant. He was prosecuted in December on four charges. The judges ruled that the case could not go to trial because the case fell within the jurisdiction of the 610 Office in Beijing (the office charged with repression of the Falun Gong).
Glen McGregor of the "Ottawa Citizen" was sceptical about the logistical plausibility of the allegations after visiting Sujiatun the invitation of the Chinese Medical Association. He said that, depending on who you believe, "the Kilgour-Matas report is either compelling evidence that proves the claims about Falun Gong ... or a collection of conjecture and inductive reasoning that fails to support its own conclusions". McGregor reported his scepticism of Kilgour's report had elicited a response from the author that the former was no different from David Irving
Tom Treasure of Guy's Hospital, London, said the Kilgour-Matas report was "plausible from a medical standpoint" based on the numerical gap in the number of transplants and the short waiting times in China compared with other countries. He noted the existence of blood tests of imprisoned Falun Gong followers, which is not useful for the victims but is critical to organ donation, and said the allegations were “credible.”
Response.
The Kilgour-Matas allegations of involuntary organ removal from Falun Gong adherents have received considerable media coverage, particularly in Canada, Europe, and Australia. Several governments have tightened transplant tourism practices and requested more information from the Chinese government.
Questions as to the final answer to the allegations remain. Due to the nature of the claims and the availability of only circumstantial, rather than direct, evidence, several observers have expressed reservations with endorsing the Kilgour and Matas’s conclusions. Amnesty International at the time said it was “continuing to analyze sources of information” about the allegations; David Ownby, a professor of history at of the University of Montreal and expert on Falun Gong, wrote that while "it seems likely that Falun Gong practitioners who are part of the prison population would be candidates for harvesting," he had not seen evidence that the organ harvesting program is aimed particularly at Falun Gong."; a Congressional Research Service report by Thomas Lum said that the report relies on logical inferences and telephone call transcripts which, he suggests, may not be credible.
Chinese officials have repeatedly and angrily denied the organ harvesting allegations in the report. Upon release of the initial report on 6 July, a spokesperson immediately declared that China abided by World Health Organization principles that prohibit the sale of human organs without written consent from donors. They denounced the report as smears "based on rumours and false allegations", and said the claims had been investigated and found to be without any merit.
In August 2006 three Special Rapporteurs raised questions about the sources of organs, the short waiting times for finding perfectly-matched organs, and the correlation between the sudden increase in organ transplants in China and the beginning of the persecution of Falun Gong practitioners. These requests were met with categorical denials by the Chinese authorities. In May 2008 two Special Rapporteurs reiterated the previous request for the Chinese authorities to adequately respond to the allegations and to explain the source of organs which would account for the sudden increase in organ transplants in China since 2000. In November 2008 the United Nations Committee Against Torture noted its concern at the allegations and called for China to "immediately conduct or commission an independent investigation of the claims", and take measures "to ensure that those responsible for such abuses are prosecuted and punished".
In June 2011 the US added a question to its DS-160 application for non-immigrant visas. The application asks if the person has ever taken part in forced human organ transplantation.
In a novel by author Dean Koontz, a heart transplant recipient is unknowingly given the organ of an executed Falun Gong practitioner. The non-fiction writer Scott Carney also included the allegations in his book "The Red Market", writing “No one is saying the Chinese government went after the Falun Gong specifically for their organs… but it seems to have been a remarkably convenient and profitable way to dispose of them. Dangerous political dissidents were executed while their organs created a comfortable revenue stream for hospitals and surgeons, and presumably many important Chinese officials received organs.”
At the recent EU-China summit in Helsinki, the organ harvesting issue was raised directly through the Finnish Foreign Minister Tuomioja meeting bilaterally with China's Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing. The host government minister encouraged the minister from China to be proactively open about the matter, which was described as attracting much attention in Europe. Zhaoxing was also urged to seek an independent study about the allegations being made about organ harvesting in his country.
A petition of nearly 25,000 signatures calls on the United States to put pressure on China through the U.N. to stop the practice of forced organ harvesting. The petition, delivered on Sept. 26, 2012, to the office of Susan E. Rice, the United States ambassador to the U.N., also calls on the U.S. government to release any information it has about the involvement of Wang Lijun, the former police chief of Chongqing, China, who was just sentenced to 15 years in prison, in organ harvesting activities.
Impact on international transplant policies.
Some governments and transplant organizations around the world have reacted to the report by tightening restrictions on “transplant tourism,” expressing concern over the allegations, and in general terms distancing themselves from involuntary organ transplant practices.
Organizations that have made public statements or taken action on the matter include:

</doc>
<doc id="18998891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998891" title="C-chart">
C-chart

In statistical quality control, the c-chart is a type of control chart used to monitor "count"-type data, typically total number of nonconformities per unit. It is also occasionally used to monitor the total number of events occurring in a given unit of time.
The c-chart differs from the p-chart in that it accounts for the possibility of more than one nonconformity per inspection unit, and that (unlike the p-chart and u-chart) it requires a fixed sample size. The p-chart models "pass"/"fail"-type inspection only, while the c-chart (and u-chart) give the ability to distinguish between (for example) 2 items which fail inspection because of one fault each and the same two items failing inspection with 5 faults each; in the former case, the p-chart will show two non-conformant items, while the c-chart will show 10 faults. 
Nonconformities may also be tracked by type or location which can prove helpful in tracking down assignable causes. 
Examples of processes suitable for monitoring with a c-chart include:
The Poisson distribution is the basis for the chart and requires the following assumptions:
The control limits for this chart type are formula_1 where formula_4 is the estimate of the long-term process mean established during control-chart setup.

</doc>
<doc id="18998895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998895" title="U-chart">
U-chart

In statistical quality control, the u-chart is a type of control chart used to monitor "count"-type data where the sample size is greater than one, typically the average number of nonconformities per unit.
The u-chart differs from the c-chart in that it accounts for the possibility that the number or size of inspection units for which nonconformities are to be counted may vary. Larger samples may be an economic necessity or may be necessary to increase the area of opportunity in order to track very low nonconformity levels.
Examples of processes suitable for monitoring with a u-chart include:
As with the c-chart, the Poisson distribution is the basis for the chart and requires the same assumptions.
The control limits for this chart type are formula_3 where formula_4 is the estimate of the long-term process mean established during control-chart setup. The observations formula_5 are plotted against these control limits, where xi is the number of nonconformities for the ith subgroup and ni is the number of inspection units in the ith subgroup.

</doc>
<doc id="18998924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998924" title="Frank Fischer">
Frank Fischer

Frank Fischer is an East German sprint canoer who competed from 1981 to 1986. He won nine medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with four golds (K-2 500 m: 1983, K-2 1000 m: 1983, K-4 500 m: 1985, 1986), three silvers (K-2 1000 m: 1981, 1986; K-4 500 m: 1982), and two bronzes (K-2 500 m: 1981, K-4 1000 m: 1985).
Personal life.
Fischer's wife, Sarina, won a gold medal in women's swimming at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow in the 4 x 100 m freestyle relay (anchor leg) and competed in the qualifying round of the 4 x 100 m medley relay. His daughter, Fanny, won the gold medal in the K-4 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing along with nine ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medals of her own. His sister, Birgit Fischer, won twelve medals in canoeing at the Summer Olympics between 1980 and 2004. Fischer's son, Falco, is also a canoer.

</doc>
<doc id="18998930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998930" title="Giordano Bruno (disambiguation)">
Giordano Bruno (disambiguation)

Giordano Bruno may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18998933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998933" title="December Ngobeni">
December Ngobeni

December Ngobeni (born 18 December 1975) is a South African footballer, currently playing for Hanover Park F.C. in the National First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18998943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998943" title="Glory Glory (2000 film)">
Glory Glory (2000 film)

Glory Glory is a 2000 western film. The film was also marketed under the title Hooded Angels.
Synopsis.
It is the dawn of the Wild West in Silver Creek. A gang of beautiful but deadly women have unleashed violence on the society that failed to protect them, robbing banks and destroying everything in their path. A posse is sent after these masked raiders, not knowing whom they are chasing nor the fate that will await them - for bringing these female vigilantes to justice will unleash a surprising past and a new future for all.

</doc>
<doc id="18998961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998961" title="Driek van Wissen">
Driek van Wissen

Driek van Wissen (12 July 1943 – 21 May 2010) was a Dutch poet. He was born in Groningen. On 26 January 2005 he was chosen as the "Dichter des Vaderlands" (Poet Laureate of the Netherlands), following Gerrit Komrij. In 1987 the Dutch literary magazine "De Tweede Ronde" honored him by awarding him the Kees-Stip Prize for his career work and use of light verse. Van Wissen also published under the pen-name Albert Zondervan. He died in May 2010 in Istanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="18998984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18998984" title="Rock City Falls, New York">
Rock City Falls, New York

Rock City Falls is a hamlet in the town of Milton, Saratoga County, New York, United States. The principal roads are Route 29 and Rock City Falls Road. The hamlet achieved fame as the origins of Paper Bag King George West, who established his Empire Mill there in 1862. He went on to build the Excelsior Mill next door in 1866 and a mansion across the street. The George West House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
There were saw and grist-mills in the upper part of Rock City before 1800, usually known then as the Hatch mills, though owned by Swan. This was the first use of the splendid water-power at that point. Not much later than that, however, another one was erected by Rathbone, the first settler at the hamlet of Rock City. There were two brothers Rathbone, one the pioneer merchant and landlord, the other the mill-owner. One of them afterwards removed to Greenfield.
From 1898 to 1929, the hamlet was served by The Ballston Terminal Railroad, an electric trolley that hauled freight cars for the paper mills and carried passengers to Ballston Spa.
Today Rock City Falls is largely residential, although the Cottrell Paper Company still operates much as it did one hundred years ago. The Empire Mill and Excelsior Mill of George West are part of a park, and the former trolley railroad bed is scheduled to become a walking trail called Boyce Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18999016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999016" title="Chromatolysis">
Chromatolysis

History.
In 1885, researcher Walther Flemming described dying cells in degenerating mammalian ovarian follicles. The cells showed variable stages of pyknotic chromatin. These stages included chromatin condensation, which Flemming described as "half-moon" shaped and appearing as "chromatin balls," or structures resembling large, smooth, and round electron-dense chromatin masses. Other stages included cell fractionation into smaller bodies. Flemming named this degenerative process "chromatolysis" to describe the gradual disintegration of nuclear components. The process he described now fits with the relatively new term, apoptosis, to describe cell death.
Around the same time of Flemming's research, chromatolysis was also studied in the lactating mammary glands and in breast cancer cells. From observing the regression of ovarian follicles in mammals, it was argued that a necessary cellular process existed to counterbalance the proliferation of cells by mitosis. At this time, chromatolysis was proposed to play a major role in this physiological process. Chromatolysis was also thought to be responsible for necessary cell elimination in various organs during development. Again, these expanded definitions of chromatolysis are consistent with what we now term apoptosis.
In 1952, research further supported the role of chromatolysis in changing the physiology of cells during cell death processes in embryo development. It was also observed that the integrity of mitochondria is maintained during chromatolysis.
By the 1970s, the conserved structural features of chromatolysis were identified. The consistent features of chromatolysis included the condensation of the cytoplasm and chromatin, cell shrinkage, formation of "chromatin balls," intact normal organelles, and fragmentation of cells observed by the budding of fragments enclosed in the cell membrane. These budding fragments were termed "apoptotic bodies," thus coining the name "apoptosis" to describe this form of cell death. The authors of these studies, most likely unfamiliar with older publications on chromatolysis, were essentially describing apoptosis as a process identical to chromatolysis.
Types of chromatolysis.
Central chromatolysis.
Central chromatolysis is the most common form of chromatolysis and is characterized by the loss or dispersion of the Nissl bodies starting near the nucleus at the center of the neuron, and then extending peripherally towards the plasma membrane. Also characteristic of central chromatolysis is the displacement of the nucleus towards the periphery of the perikaryon. Other cellular changes are observed during the process of the central chromatolysis. The process of Nissl dissolution is less apparent toward periphery of the cell body of the neuron, where normal-looking Nissl bodies may be present. Hyperplasia of neurofilaments is frequently observed, however the extent varies. The number of autophagic vacuoles and lysosomal structures often increase during central chromatolysis. Changes can also occur in other organelles such as the Golgi apparatus and neurotubules. However, the exact significance of these changes is currently unknown. In neurons receiving axonal transection, central chromatolysis is observed in the area between the nucleus and the axon hillock following.
Peripheral chromatolysis.
Peripheral chromatolysis is much less common, but has been reported to occur after axotomy and ischemia in certain species. Peripheral chromatolysis is essentially the reverse of central chromatolysis, in which the disintegration of Nissl bodies is initiated at the periphery of the neuron and extends inwards towards the nucleus of the cell. Peripheral chromatolysis has been observed to occur in lithium-induced chromatolysis and it could be useful in investigating and countering the hypothesis that waves of enzymatic activity always progress from the perinuclear area, or the area situated around the nucleus, to the peripheral of the cell.
Causes.
Axotomy.
When an axon is injured, the whole neuron reacts to provide increased metabolic activity that is necessary for regeneration of the axon. Part of this reaction includes structural alternations caused by the chromatolysis event. The enlargement of nuclear components due to axotomy can be explained by the alteration of the cell's cytoskeleton. The cytoskeleton maintains the nuclear components of a cell and the size of the cell body in neurons. The increase in protein within the neuron leads to this change in the cytoskeleton. For example, there is an increase in phosphorylated neurofilament proteins and cytoskeletal components, tubulin and actin, in neurons undergoing chromatolysis. The increase in protein can be explained by the increase in cytoskeleton size. Changes in the cell body cytoskeleton seem to be responsible for enhanced nuclear eccentricity following axonal injury.
One hypothesis behind the incidence of chromatolysis following axotomy is that the shortening of the axon prevents the incorporation of the axonal cytoskeleton that undergoes formation in the injured neuron. Nuclear eccentricity can be attributed to the presence of excess axonal cytoskeleton between the nucleus and axon hillock, which causes chromatolysis. A second hypothesis proposes that blockage of axonal cytoskeletal proteins causes chromatolysis.
Axotomy also induces the loss of basophilic staining in the event of central chromatolysis of the neuronal cell. The loss of staining begins near the nucleus and spreads toward the axon hillock. The basophilic rim is formed as chromatolysis compresses the cytoplasmic skeleton.
Acrylamide intoxication.
Acrylamide intoxication has been shown to be an agent for the induction of chromatolysis. In one study groups of rats were injected with acrylamide for 3, 6, and 12 days and the A- and B-cell perikarya of their L5 dorsal root ganglion were examined. There was no morphological change in the B-cell perikarya, the A-cell perikarya however exhibited chromatolysis in 11% and 23% of the population, for the 6 and 12 days groups respectively. For the purposes of the study A-cells were defined as ganglia neurons whose nucleolus was large and centrally placed in the nucleus, while B-cells had many nucleoli distributed along the periphery of their nucleus. Acrylamide intoxication resembles neural axotomy histologically and mechanically. In each case the neuron undergoes chromatolysis and atrophy of the cell body and axon. Also both seem to be mechanically related to a disruption of the delivery of neurofilament to the axon due to a decreased transport of a trophic factor from the axon to the cell body.
Lithium.
Exposure to lithium has also been used as a method to induce chromatolysis in rats. The study involved the injection of large does of lithium chloride into female Lewis rats over several day periods. Examination of the trigeminal and dorsal root ganglia revealed peripheral chromatolysis in these cells. The cells exhibited decreased numbers of Nissl bodies throughout the cell, especially at the peripheral cytoplasm were the Nissl bodies were completely absent. Using lithium as a method to induce peripheral chromatolysis could be useful for future study of chromatolysis due to its simplicity and the fact it does not cause nuclear displacement.
Associated diseases.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
Central chromatolysis has been observed in spinal anterior horn and motor neurons of patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). Patients with ALS appear to have significant alterations that occur within the chromatolyzed neuronal cells. These alterations include dense conglomerates of aggregated dark mitochondria and presynaptic vesicles, bundles of neurofilaments, and a marked increase of presynaptic vesicles. Changes to the function of the motor neurons have also been observed. The most typical functional change in chromatolytic motor neurons is the significant reduction in size of the monosynaptic excitatory postsynaptic potentials (EPSPs). These monosynaptic EPSPs also seem to be prolonged in the chromatolyzed cells of ALS patients. This functional change to the anterior horn neurons could result in the elimination of certain excitatory synaptic inputs and thus give rise to the clinical motor function impairment that is characteristic of the ALS disease.
Alzheimer's disease and Pick's disease.
Alzheimer's disease is a major neurodegenerative disease that involves the dying off of neurons and synapses. Chromatolysis has been observed in neurons from Alzheimer's patients, often as a precursor to apoptosis. Chromatolytic cells have also been observed in a pathologically similar disease known as Pick's disease. Most recent studies have observed chromatolysis in cells from rats that have been subjected to either copper or aluminum toxication, which are both hypothesized to be involved in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease.
Idiopathic brainstem neuronal chromatolysis.
Severe neuronal chromatolysis has been detected in the brainstems of adult cattle with the neurodegenerative condition known as idiopathic brainstem neuronal chromatolysis (IBNC). The symptoms of IBNC in cattle are clinically similar to those characterized by bovine spongiform encephalopathy, otherwise known as mad-cow disease. These symptoms included tremor, lack of muscle movement coordination, anxiety and weight loss. At the cellular level, IBNC is marked by the degeneration of neurons and axons within the brainstem and cranial nerves. The disease also has a significant correlation with abnormal labeling for prion protein (PrP) in the brain. IBNC has been characterized by severe neuronal, axonal, and myelin degradation, accompanied by non-supportive inflammation and changes in spongiform of various regions of grey matter. A significant loss of neurons due to hippocampal degeneration has also been observed. The degenerate chromatolysis neurons seldom showed intracytoplasmic labeling for PrP.
Alcoholic encephalopathy.
Chromatolysis has been reported in patients with alcoholic encephalopathies. Central chromatolysis was observed mainly among neurons in the brainstem, particularly in the pontine nuclei and the cerebellar dentate nuclei. Nuclei of cranial nerves, arcuate nuclei, and posterior horn cells were also affected. Studies examining patients with alcoholic encephalopathies give evidence of central chromatolysis. Mild to severe degeneration of spinal cord tracks has been observed in patients with Marchiafava-Bignami disease and Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome, both forms of encephalopathy linked to alcohol.
Future research.
The mechanisms and signals for chromatolysis were first researched in depth in the 1960s and still merit further investigation. It is clear that axotomy is one of the most direct inducers of chromatolysis and if further research were put into elucidating the specific pathways which associate axonal damage to chromatolysis, then potential therapies could be developed for halting the chromatolytic response of neurons and ameliorating the detrimental effects of degenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer's and ALS.

</doc>
<doc id="18999018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999018" title="Dubai (yacht)">
Dubai (yacht)

Dubai is the name of a yacht currently owned by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the ruler of the Emirate of Dubai and the Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates. This vessel is 524 feet, 10 inches (162 m) long, is the third largest yacht in the world after "Azzam" and "Eclipse". Designed by Andrew Winch, with interior design by Platinum Yachts, it cost 300 Mio US$. The construction was originally initiated for Prince Jefri Bolkiah of Brunei before 1996 already, as a joint project between Blohm + Voss and Lurssen shipyards, then stopped until 2001 when the hull was acquired by Platinum Yachts for Sheikh Mohammed Rashid Al Maktoum. The yacht, previously named Platinum, Panhandle and Golden Star, was then renamed Dubai.

</doc>
<doc id="18999025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999025" title="Blade Runner (1985 video game)">
Blade Runner (1985 video game)

Blade Runner is a video game loosely inspired by the 1982 film "Blade Runner", but actually based on the movie soundtrack by Vangelis as the publishers were unable to obtain a licence for a film tie-in. The game was published in 1985 by CRL Group PLC for Commodore 64, ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC. Reviews of the game were average at best.
Development and release.
The game is "inspired by the Vangelis soundtrack" of the 1982 "Blade Runner" movie. The publisher was unable to obtain rights to the actual movie, so the game was instead said to be based on the soundtrack. The inlay stated that it was a "video game interpretation of the film score".
Plot.
The plot of the game is similar to the associated movie. Replidroids ("sic" for replicants), designed for use in space, have been banned from Earth following a revolt on a colony. The role of eliminating any replidroids found on earth is given to a unit of bounty hunters.
Gameplay.
The game features the player character hunting down replidroids for bounty money. On loading the game, the player has to listen to around two minutes of music from the movie soundtrack without any ability to skip the sequence. Author Will Brooker notes that due to the computers' sonic limitations, the "grandiose swoops and fanfares" of the soundtrack were reduced to "a tinny one-channel burble".
The game first presents the player with a map showing the locations of the fugitive replidroids and the player's flying car, which must be steered over a droid on the map. At this point the game switches to a side scrolling game in which the player must avoid crowds and cars whilst in pursuit of the replidroid. As the levels increase, so does the level of the replidroids. The first level droids are slow and stupid, but the sixth level ones are faster than a human.
Reception.
"Sinclair User" called the game pretentious and the graphics plodding. The reviewer disliked the lengthy repeating cut scenes, saying that they "are well put together, but after you've seen them more than once you'll get an irresistible urge to smash up your Spectrum". "Your Sinclair" thought that the game was lacking in variety and didn't feel like a finished product. "Crash" criticized the lack of graphical variety and thought that all the characters looked the same. The reviewer also criticised the sluggishness of the game's controls and that it was too much like a cut-down version of the hit 1984 game "Ghostbusters". Reviewing the game on the Commodore 64, "Zzap!64" panned the high difficulty level of the game and described the graphics as bland.
Barry Atkins of the University of Wales's School of Film, Photography and Digital Media describes the game as lazily executed and unsatisfying, "yok unoriginal gameplay mechanics to glancing visual references to the originating film". In his view, the game was merely an effort to cash in on the film's intellectual property, reducing "all the subtleties, complexities and ambiguities of the film ... to a game that players in the 1980s would have immediately recognised as a fairly mundane example of the 'shoot 'em up' genre, where slogans such as 'Move Off World' painted across a primary coloured and flat game space gesture only vaguely to the film as the player adopts the role of a bounty hunter in a raincoat who bears a crude likeness to Deckard".

</doc>
<doc id="18999034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999034" title="Sweden–Turkey relations">
Sweden–Turkey relations

Swedish–Turkish relations are foreign relations between Sweden and Turkey.
Sweden has an embassy in Ankara and a consulate–general in Istanbul. Turkey has an embassy in Stockholm.
History.
Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) and the Union for the Mediterranean.
Sweden, which took over the rotating presidency of the Presidency of the Council of the European Union in July 2009, supports Turkey's European Union membership. Sweden's Green Party has criticized France and Germany's opposition to Turkey's membership.
Armenian Genocide dispute.
On 12 June 2008, the Riksdag refused to refer to the 1915 events of the Armenian Genocide as actual genocide. However, on 11 March 2010, the Riksdag eventually voted for a resolution recognizing the Armenian Genocide. 
There was a majority of one vote, with a total of 131 in favour, 130 against, and 88 absent. Turkey promptly recalled its ambassador to Sweden and cancelled talks that were intended to happen between the two countries on March 17, 2010.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan responded by issuing a statement saying "We strongly condemn this resolution, which is made for political calculations. It does not correspond to the close friendship of our two nations". Turkey's ambassador to Sweden Zergun Koruturk said on "Aktuellt" that there would be "drastic effects" of a long-term nature on relations between the two countries, saying "I am very disappointed. Unfortunately, parliamentarians were thinking that they were rather historians than parliamentarians, and it's very, very unfortunate". Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt blogged from Copenhagen that he "regretted" the outcome of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18999040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999040" title="Steve Morris (rugby union player)">
Steve Morris (rugby union player)

Steve Morris (1 September 1896 - 29 May 1965) was a Welsh international rugby union flanker who played club rugby for Cross Keys. A hard man, Morris was extremely physical in the way he played the game, sometimes over physical and he was unafraid to turn to violence if it was warranted. It is reported that he once knocked out a Welsh heavyweight boxing champion in a sparring session. At 6 foot and over 14 stone in weight, Morris was a hulking player, but he was still recognised as a cheerful and genial person.
A coal miner by profession, Morris would work down the pit at Risca Colliery on a Saturday morning and then turn out to play for Cross Keys in the afternoon. Morris spent his entire playing career at Cross Keys and later became the club's chairman. On his death his ashes were scattered at Pandy Park, the team's home ground.
Club career.
Morris began playing rugby before the outbreak of World War I and continued playing when he could as a recruit in the British Army. After returning to Wales he turned out for Cross Keys in April 1919 against the touring New Zealand Army XV. Twelve years later, Morris was still turning out for his club and in 1931 he was part of the joint Abertillery / Cross Keys team that faced the touring South African team. Morris was extremely loyal to Cross Keys, never the most fashionable of rugby clubs, and on one occasion it is said he turned down a £1,000 contract to turn to rugby league.
International career.
Morris made his international debut against England in 1920, the first Cross Keys player to represent his country. In the game against France in 1920, Morris played alongside his Cross Keys team mate, Fred Reeves, made all the more special as the two of them were also co-workers at the Risca Colliery. Morris gained 19 caps in total and should have gained more but missed the Ireland match after being sent off in a club game. Morris's aggression was used to good effect in other games; when in 1923 against an overly violent French team he and Swansea's Tom Parker were called upon to fight back to subdue their opponents. In his penultimate game against France at St. Helens in Swansea, Morris was given the captaincy of Wales, but the team suffered a fairly heavy defeat even after a late Welsh surge masterminded by their new captain.
The 1920s were a terrible for time for Welsh international rugby, but Morris was one of the few shining lights in an underperforming squad.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="18999050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999050" title="Francisco Félix de Sousa">
Francisco Félix de Sousa

Francisco Félix de Sousa (1754 – 1849) was the eight generation grandson of Tomé de Sousa (1503-1579) who was the first governor-general of the Portuguese colony of Brazil from 1549-1553. He was a nobleman and soldier born in Rates, Póvoa de Varzim. De Sousa's grand father was born a noble and participated in military expeditions in Africa, fought the Moors and commanded the nau Conceição to Portuguese India, part of the armada of Fernão de Andrade. Francisco Félix de Souza was named after his father Francisco de Souza. 
Francisco Félix de Souza was Merchant who traded in Palm Oil, Gold and Slaves. He later migrated to what is now the African republic of Benin, traded in Palm Oil, Gld and Slave and later become. He has been called, "the greatest slave trader". Marketing slaves in the then Dahomey region, he was known for his extravagance and reputably had at least 80 children with women in his harem. De Sousa continued to market slaves after the trade was abolished in most jurisdictions. He was apparently so trusted by the locals in Dahomey that he was awarded the status of a chieftain." Although a Catholic, he practised the Vodun Religion, and even had his own Family shrine. He was buried in Dahomey.
De Sousa was a personal friend of Dahomeyan king Ghezo, who made Félix de Sousa viceroy of Ouidah after he assisted the King in 1818 and brought him to power. According to Edna Bay, de Sousa was "deeply influential as an intermediary between European and African cultures".
Today he is known as the founder of the Afro-Brazilian community in Ghana, Togo, Benin and Nigeria. De Souza family has been very instrumental in fighting for the Independence of Togo and Benin. Pa Augustino de Souza who was Francisco Félix de Souza's grandson was the first person to form a Political party in Togo. His great grand daughter is the wife of the present Benin President. Isidore de Souza another grandson according to Britannica was the first Roman Catholic archbishop of Cotonou from 1991; he was a major force in his country’s transition to a multiparty democracy (b. April 4, 1934, Ouidah, Dahomey, French West Africa Benin—d. March 13, 1999, Grand Popo, Benin).http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/154047/Isidore-de-Souza
The protagonist of Bruce Chatwin's book "The Viceroy of Ouidah", a white Brazilian slave trader, is said to be based upon Francisco Félix de Sousa.

</doc>
<doc id="18999051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999051" title="2007 Thailand Open – Doubles">
2007 Thailand Open – Doubles

Jonathan Erlich and Andy Ram were the defending champions, but lost in the quarterfinals to Vince Spadea and Fernando Verdasco.
Sanchai Ratiwatana and Sonchat Ratiwatana won in the final 3–6, 7–5, [10–7], against Michaël Llodra and Nicolas Mahut.

</doc>
<doc id="18999057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999057" title="Ya zhe yego lyubila">
Ya zhe yego lyubila

Ya zhe yego lyubila ( / literally: I Loved Him - is a 2005 studio album of Sofia Rotaru, recorded at Artur-Music in Ukraine. The album was released in the summer of 2005 in Ukraine first with 10 tracks. The album includes 3 earlier unreleased singles, one remastered song, and 6 songs aired previously on TV shows and Musicals.
Languages of performance.
Songs are performed in Russian language.

</doc>
<doc id="18999059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999059" title="Amir Abbas Moradi Ganji">
Amir Abbas Moradi Ganji

Amir Abbas Moradi Ganji (, born 21 September 1985) is an Iranian wrestler. He is a two time Asian Championships silver medalist.

</doc>
<doc id="18999089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999089" title="Yehuda Lancry">
Yehuda Lancry

Dr Yehuda Lancry (, ; born 25 September 1947) is a former Israeli politician and ambassador to France and the United Nations.
Born in Boujad in Morocco, Lancry studied at an alliance high school in Casablanca. He made aliyah to Israel in 1965 and gained a PhD in French literature from the University of Haifa and University of Nice Sophia Antipolis. Between 1983 and 1992 he served as head of the local council of Shlomi, and from 1991 until 1992 was chairman of Second Israeli Broadcasting Authority. 
He was appointed Israel's ambassador to France in 1992, serving until 1995. In 1996 he was elected to the Knesset on the Likud list and served as a Deputy Speaker of the Knesset and chairman of the Ethics committee. 
He lost his seat in the 1999 elections, but was appointed ambassador to the United Nations that year, serving until 2002. That same year on 10th April 2002 Yehuda Lancry's niece Noa Shlomo was killed in the suicide bombing of Egged bus #960 en route from Haifa to Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="18999101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999101" title="William Mather">
William Mather

Sir William Mather (15 July 1838 – 18 September 1920) was a British industrialist and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1885 and 1904.
Mather was born in Manchester, the son of William Mather and his wife Amelia Tidswell and was educated privately. He became chairman of the engineering company of Mather and Platt, Salford who owned the Salford Ironworks. As an employer he was notable for introducing the eight-hour working day for his workers. He was also a J.P. 
Mather was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Salford in 1885, before being removed at the 1886 election. In 1889 he was elected as MP for Gorton in a by-election, a position he held until his defeat at the 1895 general election. He returned to the House of Commons in 1900 when he won a by-election in the Rossendale division of Lancashire, where he remained until his resignation in 1904.
Apart from his parliamentary and commercial activities, Mather had an interest in the promotion of education. He was on the council of Owen's College and of Manchester University, and was chairman of the Froebel Educational Institute. He was also in charge of the British education section of the Franco-British Exhibition of 1908.
In 1902 he was knighted for his help reorganising the War Office during the Second Boer War, and was made a member of the Privy Council in 1910.
Mather married Emma Watson, daughter of Thomas Watson of Highbury, in 1863 and they had five children.

</doc>
<doc id="18999122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999122" title="Evan Davies">
Evan Davies

Evan Davies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18999140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999140" title="List of University of the Witwatersrand people">
List of University of the Witwatersrand people

This is a list of notable alumni and staff of the University of the Witwatersrand.

</doc>
<doc id="18999171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999171" title="Separate Tables (film)">
Separate Tables (film)

Separate Tables is a 1958 American drama film starring Rita Hayworth, Deborah Kerr, David Niven, Burt Lancaster, and Wendy Hiller, based on two one-act plays by Terence Rattigan that were collectively known by this name. Niven and Hiller won Academy Awards for their performances. The picture was directed by Delbert Mann and adapted for the screen by Rattigan, John Gay and an uncredited John Michael Hayes. Mary Grant designed the film's costumes.
Plot.
Major David Angus Pollock (David Niven) fails to steal an article about himself in the "West Hampshire Weekly News". His attempt to keep the article from the eyes of the other guests only succeeds in heightening their awareness of it, particularly Mrs. Railton-Bell. She and Lady Gladys Matheson (Cathleen Nesbitt) read that Major Pollock pleaded guilty to sexually harassing several young women in a theater, however, the filed complaints are, in themselves, questionable. Mrs. Railton-Bell wants Major Pollock to be expelled from the hotel and holds a meeting with other long term residents of the hotel to decide the issue before presenting it to the manager, Miss Pat Cooper (Wendy Hiller).
Mrs. Railton-Bell leads the meeting with deluded arguments promoting the Major's expulsion, and despite the true opinions of the residents, she informs Miss Cooper. 
Anne and John meet outside. Anne coolly teases John, informing him that she is engaged; John tells her he is engaged as well, but does not disclose that he is engaged to Miss Cooper. John claims that though Anne could have married other men who were wealthier and more important, she wanted to marry a man in a lower economic class in order to manipulate and degrade him fully. Despite this, John and Anne admit they are still attracted to each other. She asks him to come to her room.
As they walk into the hotel, Miss Cooper tells Anne she has a phone call. Miss Cooper, knowing Anne is his ex-wife, asks him to reevaluate the real reason for Anne's visit. John defends Anne, claiming that all his misfortunes are his own fault, however, changes his mind when Miss Cooper tells him Anne is talking on the phone to his publisher, the only person who knows John and Miss Cooper are engaged.
John confronts Anne in her bedroom. She attempts to seduce him, but he tells her that in the light, he can see that she has aged; without her physical beauty, it will be impossible for her to manipulate people. She begs him to stay, but he runs out of the hotel. Anne has an emotional break down and Miss Cooper comforts her. Anne tells Miss Cooper that she is not really engaged and has been abusing sleeping pills to ease her pain, often during the day. 
The next morning, Sibyl tells Major Pollock that she knows what he did. Major Pollock explains that he has always been fearful of people and that it is easier for him to be sexual with strangers. Major Pollock tells Sibyl that they got along well with each other because they are both afraid of life. As he returns to his room to pack, Sibyl worries that he will not find a new home. 
Miss Cooper tells John, who returns in the morning, that Anne is emotionally unwell, and asks him to see her before she checks out of the hotel. After John leaves, Miss Cooper attempts to convince Major Pollock to stay, but he refuses. 
The hotel residents eat their breakfast at separate tables in the dining room. John and Anne reconcile, but do not know if they will ever be happy, together or apart. When Major Pollock enters the room, there is an awkward silence until John greets him. The others do the same and cheerfully converse with him. Mrs. Railton-Bell is angered at this, and demands Sibyl leave with her. Sibyl refuses and as Mrs. Railton-Bell leaves, she starts to talk to Major Pollock. Major Pollock decides to stay at the hotel.
Production and awards.
The film took the two plays and opened them up to create a screenplay that introduced some new parts, and stars Rita Hayworth, Deborah Kerr, David Niven, Wendy Hiller, Burt Lancaster and May Hallatt, who already played Miss Meacham on stage. The film was nominated for seven Oscars, winning two (Niven for Best Actor and Hiller for Best Supporting Actress).
Burt Lancaster was also co-producer (Hill-Hecht-Lancaster Productions). Rita Hayworth was married to James Hill at the time.
Rod Taylor agreed to play a small part in the film because of the quality of the production.

</doc>
<doc id="18999172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999172" title="Shō Tai">
Shō Tai

In 1879, the deposed king was forced to relocate to Tokyo. In compensation, he was made a marquis in the Kazoku peerage system.
Early reign.
Shō Tai became king of Ryūkyū at the age of six and reigned for nearly 31 years. Developments surrounding pressures from Western powers to open the kingdom up to trade, formal relations, and the free coming and going and settlement of Westerners in the Ryukyu Islands dominated the first decade or two of his reign.
While Westerners had been coming to the Ryūkyūs for several decades before to Shō Tai's accession in 1848, and were almost always greeted warmly and provided with supplies, it was not until the 1850s that formal policies allowed and encouraged trade and relations with Europeans and Americans. Commodore Matthew Calbraith Perry made port at Naha several times, both before and immediately after his famous landing at Uraga Harbor in 1853; the Commodore was never permitted to meet with the young king, despite his demands and his forced march to, and entry into, Shuri Castle. He did, however, meet with the royal regent and other high officials of the royal government, eventually yielding the Lew Chew Compact of 1854, along with other agreements, which could be said to parallel the Convention of Kanagawa signed that same year by representatives of the Tokugawa Shogunate, and to represent the "opening" of Ryūkyū to trade and relations with the United States. Trade and relations with other Western powers soon followed, backed by Shimazu Nariakira, lord of Satsuma, who saw in the process opportunities to gain wealth and power. Relations with France were particularly strong; a French Mission was established in Naha, which in 1857 formally granted a number of items of field artillery to Shō Tai.
Nariakira died suddenly in 1858. He was succeeded by his half-brother Shimazu Hisamitsu, to whom Shō Tai was obliged to formally swear anew the oath of loyalty to the Shimazu clan that he and his ancestors had sworn since 1611. Hisamitsu reversed his half-brother's policies regarding Ryūkyū's interactions with the West; Satsuma's radical opposition to foreign influence was a driving force in the events of the following decade in Japan. 
In 1864, after Shō Tai had been on the throne for 16 years, the customary mission was sent to China to formally request investiture from the Chinese Imperial Court. Chinese representatives journeyed to Ryūkyū two years later, formally granting on behalf of the Tongzhi Emperor recognition of Shō Tai's authority as king.
Meiji Restoration.
Following the 1868 Meiji Restoration, and the abolition of the han system four years later, the relationship of the kingdom to the former Satsuma Domain (now Kagoshima Prefecture) and to the new Japanese central government at Tokyo was unclear and a subject of controversy between various factions in the central government. Shō Tai, his advisors or officials were never consulted for advice, consent, or opinions. 
At the same time, in 1871, there occurred an incident in which a Ryūkyūan ship wrecked on the Taiwan coast and its crew was killed by the local natives. Kagoshima pressured Shō Tai to send a formal petition to Tokyo, asking for redress; the event would blossom into an international incident and eventually lead to the dispatch of a Japanese military expedition to Taiwan in 1874. To help resolve this problem and others concerning the relationship between Ryūkyū and Japan, Shō Tai was advised to journey to Tokyo and formally pay his respects to Emperor Meiji, acknowledging at the same time his (and therefore his kingdom's) subordination to the Emperor of Japan. Shō Tai refused, and sent Prince Ie, his uncle, and Ginowan Ueekata, one of the kingdom's top ministers, in his place, claiming illness prevented him from making the journey himself. At Tokyo, the envoys were presented, on behalf of their king, with a proclamation declaring the kingdom to now be "Ryūkyū Han", that is, a feudal domain under the Japanese emperor in the manner of those abolished the previous year in the Japan mainland. This new arrangement meant freedom from subordination to Satsuma, but it also meant incorporation into Japan and subordination to the Imperial government in Tokyo. 
A pair of missions led by Matsuda Michiyuki, Chief Secretary of the Home Ministry, in 1875 and 1879 were aimed at reorganizing the administrative structure of Ryūkyū. Shō Tai and several of his chief ministers were granted formal ranks in the Japanese Imperial Court, and the king was ordered to appear in person in Tokyo; he again claimed illness. Prince Nakijin led a small group of officials to express the domain's gratitude in his place. However, the king’s intransigence in refusing to come to Tokyo, and continued direct foreign relations with China was a matter of great concern to the new Meiji leadership, and Home Minister Ito Hirobumi drew up plans in 1878 to end the domain’s autonomous and semi-ambiguous status.
Abdication and exile.
On March 11, 1879, Shō Tai formally abdicated upon the orders of Tokyo, which abolished "Ryūkyū han" and created Okinawa Prefecture, with officials appointed from Tokyo to administer the islands. The former king was made to leave his palace, which he did on March 30, and to move to Tokyo, which he did after some delays owing to supposed illness and inability to travel, leaving Okinawa finally on May 27, and arriving in Yokohama on June 8, from whence he traveled with his entourage of 96 courtiers to Tokyo. 
After meeting with Emperor Meiji on June 17, 1879, Shō Tai was incorporated into the newly established "kazoku" peerage with the title of . In the rest of his life he returned to Okinawa only once, in 1884, to pay formal respects to his ancestors at Tamaudun, the royal mausoleum in Shuri.
Chinese Viceroy Li Hongzhang protested the annexation of the former kingdom, and attempted to reopen the question of Ryūkyū's sovereignty, by entering into discussions with former US president Ulysses S. Grant and officials in Tokyo, but without success. 
Tokyo statesman Ōkubo Toshimichi suggested in 1875 that if Marquis Shō Tai were to be made hereditary governor of Okinawa, it would help quiet anti-Japanese elements in Okinawa and would help the prefecture better assimilate into the nation. A major Okinawan movement called the "Kōdō-kai" proposed the same some years later, but the idea was ultimately rejected by Tokyo as it could represent a failure of the current administration and could reignite issues over sovereignty of the islands.
Although now a Marquis, much of the same formalities and rituals appropriate for the Ryūkyūan king continued to be performed for Shō Tai. He moved in the elite circles of Tokyo, and became involved in business. Interests associated with the Shō family attempted to develop a copper mining operation on Okinawa in 1887, but with little success. The Marquis' business managers, however, did succeed in establishing an Osaka-based company called "Maruichi Shōten", which dealt in native Okinawan products, selling them in Osaka and distributing them across the country.
Shō Tai died in 1901, at the age of 58, and was entombed in the royal mausoleum at Shuri, Tamaudun. His family observed traditional Ryūkyūan mourning rituals for two years, after which they gave up traditional costume, rituals, court language, and ways of life, adopting those of the rest of the Japanese "kazoku" aristocracy.

</doc>
<doc id="18999183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999183" title="Ethiopian language area">
Ethiopian language area

Charles Ferguson first proposed the Ethiopian language area (1970, 1976). (Various scholars may also use the terms "Sprachbund" or "linguistic area".) He posited a number of phonological and morpho-syntactic features that were found widely across Ethiopia (which included Eritrea at that time), including the Ethio-Semitic, Cushitic, and Omotic languages, (though it did not include the Nilo-Saharan languages). Since then, others have pointed out smaller areas of shared features within this larger area, (Appleyard 1989, Breeze 1988, Sasse 1986, Tosco 1994, Wedekind 1989). One of the strongest features of the Ethiopian Language Area seems to be the use of the verb "say" as an inflected dummy element for an uninflected lexical base (Appleyard 2001, Cohen "et al." 2002). Hayward has also pointed out patterns of lexicalization as evidence of a shared linguistic unity across the Language Area (1999, 2000) and Treis has found further examples of this (2010).
Though Tosco earlier accepted that the status of the Ethiopian Language Area had "long been well established" (1994:415), he has since challenged Ferguson’s work, pointing out flaws (2000). He concludes that the Ethiopian Language Area is not valid, and suggests that Ferguson’s work reflects the politics of his time, when there was a strong emphasis on Ethiopian unity, as reflected in Levine's book "Greater Ethiopia: the evolution of a multiethnic society."
Baye Yiman has shown evidence of pragmatic similarities among languages of the Ethiopian Language Area (1997).
Güldemann has proposed that the use of a generic auxiliary is an area feature that includes the Ethiopia but also other languages furhter to the west and northwest. Similarly, Cohen, Simeone-Senelle, and Vanhove have examined the grammaticalized use of "say" and "do" as an area feature in what they call "East Africa". 
This topic is still not settled among Ethiopian linguists.

</doc>
<doc id="18999186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999186" title="2002 Ukrainian Football Amateur League">
2002 Ukrainian Football Amateur League

Following are the results of the Ukrainian Football Amateur League 2002 season. Participation is restricted to the regional (Oblast) champions and/or the most regarded team by the respective regional association. 
This season competition consisted of four stages as the previous. First two stages were organized in regional principal in groups of four or five and were played in two rounds where each team could play another at its home ground. The semifinals and finals, on the other hand, were played in one round and this year were organized in the city of Kakhovka. On the first stage each group winners and their immediate runner-ups were to advance to the next part of the competition. Due to few teams joining the professional competition the format was adjusted and to the second stage only eleven teams advanced. The second stage was split in four groups where first two places were advancing to the semifinals. The semifinals, in their turn, were split in two groups where first two teams were advancing to the winners final of four.
Note: ZALK stands for the "Zaporzhian Aliuminum Plant" (Kombinat in Ukrainian).<br>
KZEZO stands for the "Kakhovkan Factory" (Zavod) of "Electro-Welding Equipment" (Elektro-Zvariuvalnoho Obladnannia).
First stage.
Note: Some records are not full.
Second stage.
Group 1.
Note: "Mukacheve" withdrew.

</doc>
<doc id="18999187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999187" title="Spellbound Entertainment">
Spellbound Entertainment

Spellbound was a German developer of computer games based in Offenburg, Germany. The company was founded in 1994 by Armin Gessert. The company is best known for the Desperados Series. 
They also developed , part of the Gothic Series and later its expansion - . It is Spellbound's first entry into the series, which was previously developed by Piranha Bytes.
Company.
Since its founding in 1994 Spellbound has been dedicated to the development of unique computer games, among which were the Airline Tycoon and Desperados series.
As of 2007, they are known as the development team behind , the new chapter in the Gothic Series.
In 2012 the company went into administration. They were re-founded as Black Forest Games 

</doc>
<doc id="18999213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999213" title="Anarchy in the United States">
Anarchy in the United States

Anarchy in the United States is a phenomenon that existed mostly in colonial times. Historical records of it are superficial, since historians tend to display scant interest in stateless societies. Nonetheless, Murray Rothbard and other historians have identified instances of it. Among them, the coastal region of North Carolina north of the Albemarle Sound in what was then Virginia was a congregating point for those who wished to escape the control of England or the Anglican Church or even wealthier residents of Virginia until 1663. Other major regions of anarchy were located in Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, and the American West.
Rhode Island.
The state of Rhode Island was founded on anarchic ideals by Roger Williams and a group endeavoring to flee from the oppression by the Puritans of Massachusetts Bay.
Subsequent political struggles in the area now known as Portsmouth led to more explicit anarchism in the person of Anne Hutchinson, who settled in Rhode Island in 1638 and who would become the first explicit anarchist in North America. Resisting the efforts of William Coddington, one of her followers, to establish himself as ruler over the area, Hutchinson forced an election for governor in which her husband, William Hutchinson, claimed the title. Residents under William Hutchinson were guaranteed certain freedoms: equality among men before the law, the separation of Church and State, and the right to jury trial. The struggles firmed Hutchinson's opposition to any kind of magistry government, and she passed her philosophies on to her sister, Catherine Scott, who in turn influenced the Baptist anarchists.
Also in Rhode Island, Shawomet (later Warwick) was anarchistic for more than five years before becoming part of Providence Plantation.
Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania was not intended to be anarchistic, but became so after founder William Penn temporarily set aside all taxes to encourage rapid development. Residents not only resisted the restoration of taxes but also ignored Penn's lime monopolies, and after Penn retreated to England the colony was essentially without governance from Fall 1684 to 1688. An Assembly appointed by Penn attempted to restore taxes and assert government in 1688, but although a few laws were passed, taxes were not restored and efforts to govern the colony subsided. Penn next attempted to reassert control through the appointment of John Blackwell, but the people nonviolently resisted and eventually forced Blackwell to resign and Penn yielded governance of the colony to itself until 1691, when he insisted that the colonists select a governor, with his own appointed deputy governor. Government was restored to the colony in 1691, although they managed to hold off taxes, aside from a period between April 1693 and 1694, until 1696.
The American western frontier.
Private production of law has occurred, for instance, in American frontier associations that moved west at a rate that far outpaced the geographic expansion of formal local, state, territorial, and federal governments. Law and legal systems were established by land claim clubs, cattlemen's associations, wagon trains, and mining camps. Violence arrived on a large scale with the arrival of the state, as the U.S. Army began attacking American Indians (a conflict that spilled over onto civilians) and the state took over the lawmaking and law enforcement functions.

</doc>
<doc id="18999219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999219" title="Nu Flavor (album)">
Nu Flavor (album)

Nu Flavor is the self-titled debut album by Nu Flavor.

</doc>
<doc id="18999237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999237" title="Sarina Hülsenbeck">
Sarina Hülsenbeck

Sarina Hülsenbeck (born July 5, 1962) is an East German swimmer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. She won a gold medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow in the women's 4 x 100 m freestyle (anchor leg) and competed in the 4 x 100 m medley relay qualifying round, but not in the final.
Personal life.
Hülsenbeck married sprint canoer Frank Fischer, a nine-time canoe sprint world championship medalist, in the early 1980s. Frank is the brother of 12-time Summer Olympic medalist Birgit, who competed from 1980 to 2004. Frank and Sarina produced two children, Fanny (born 1986) and Falco, both canoers.
Fanny won a gold medal in the women's K-4 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and has nine world championship medals of her own with three gold, four silvers, and two bronzes.

</doc>
<doc id="18999254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999254" title="Onks' Viljoo näkyny?">
Onks' Viljoo näkyny?

""Onks' Viljoo näkyny?"" is a 1988 Finnish comedy film directed by Hannu Seikkula.

</doc>
<doc id="18999265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999265" title="En la Madrugada Se Fue">
En la Madrugada Se Fue

En La Madrugada se Fue (Eng.: "Left in the Morning") is a studio album released in 2000 by the romantic music band Los Temerarios. This album was awarded with a Latin Grammy Award for Best Grupero Performance, and became their first number-one album in the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart. This album also is received a double-platinum certification in Mexico with sales of 500,000 units.
Tracklisting.
All songs were written by Adolfo Angel Alba.
Personnel.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="18999269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999269" title="It's On! (album)">
It's On! (album)

"It's On!" is the second studio album by Nu Flavor released on November 16, 1999 by Reprise Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18999277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999277" title="Torgo">
Torgo

Torgo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18999286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999286" title="Alfred Chotzner">
Alfred Chotzner

Alfred James Chotzner (28 March 1873 – 12 February 1958) was a British judge and Conservative politician.
He was the son of Joseph Chotzner, a notable rabbi. Alfred was educated at Harrow and Cambridge University, and afterwards entered the Indian Civil Service, rising to become a High Court judge. In 1931 Chotzner was elected as a Member of Parliament for Upton, but resigned his seat in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="18999326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999326" title="Nightbreaker">
Nightbreaker

Nightbreaker is the eighth studio album by the American heavy metal band Riot. It was the band's first with vocalist Mike DiMeo, as well as the studio debut of guitarist Mike Flyntz and bassist Pete Perez. 
The album was released in Japan by Sony Music in 1993, in Europe by Rising Sun Productions in 1994, and finally re-issued in the United States by Metal Blade Records in 1999, all with different cover artwork. A very limited run of CDs, bearing the Combat Pay Music label and utilizing the Japanese artwork, was also produced in 1993 by the band's management.
"Burn" is a cover of the title track of Deep Purple's album of 1974; "A Whiter Shade of Pale" is a cover Procol Harum's hit single of 1967; "Outlaw" is a re-recorded song from Riot's 1981 album "Fire Down Under". 
Track listing.
All tracks written by Mark Reale, except where indicated.
1999 US edition bonus track.
NOTE: 

</doc>
<doc id="18999329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999329" title="Polyana-D4">
Polyana-D4

9S52 Polyana-D4 ASU () is a Soviet/Russian automated command and control system for air defence troops. May act as an upper level command post (CP) of the SAM brigade which included S-300V as well as the 9K37 Buk complex.
Developed by Scientific Research Institute of the automatisation technics of Minradioprom. Chief designer - G.A.Burlakov. Development works started under the Decisions of the Special Commission of the Presidium of the USSR Soviet Ministry on military-industrial questions dated 
June 29, 1977 and August 27, 1981.
Mass production of the system organized at the Minsk Electromechanical Plant (currently GNPO Agat), but later transferred to Penza, former Minradioprom factory.
In service since 1986.
Polyana-D4 is a substantial remake of 9S468M1 Polyana-D1, development by NIIAA.
Etymology of the name: "Polyana" is Russian for the "meadow".
Structure.
PBU (MP06M of Polyana-D4M) is based on a BAZ-6950 chassis.
KShM (MP02M of Polyana-D4M) is based on a Ural-375 chassis.

</doc>
<doc id="18999354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999354" title="Henry's Dress">
Henry's Dress

Henry's Dress was a band from Albuquerque, New Mexico (later San Francisco, California) consisting of Amy Linton (later of The Aislers Set) and Matt Hartman, who both acted as singer, guitarist and drummer at various times, and Hayyim Sanchez as bassist, formed in 1993. They were signed to the Slumberland Records label before disbanding in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18999362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999362" title="William Michell">
William Michell

William Michell (14 February 1796 – 4 November 1872) was a British physician and Member of Parliament.
The son of Bennet Michell, he was born in Bodmin in 1796. He wrote a paper on the use of ergot in childbirth in 1828; that year he was also admitted to Emmanuel College, Cambridge, receiving a MB in 1834, and a MD in 1839. Michell was admitted an MRCS in 1843. He was elected an MP for Bodmin in 1852.
In 1859, faced with a petition against him by James Wyld for corrupt practices during the elections, he agreed not to defend his seat if Wyld would withdraw the petition. Attacked by John Arthur Roebuck, who saw in this an attempt to escape charges, Michell replied that his means were insufficient to sustain the expenses necessary to defend himself against the petition. Roebuck's motion to prevent him from resigning was defeated, and he left Parliament by becoming Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds. He died in Plymouth in 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="18999373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999373" title="Live at the Palace 2008">
Live at the Palace 2008

Live at the Palace 2008 was the first DVD release from rock band Three Days Grace. Three Days Grace dedicated this DVD, in loving memory, to their manager and friend Stuart Sobol. The DVD was originally released as a Best Buy exclusive in August 2008, but is now available at other retailers.

</doc>
<doc id="18999380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999380" title="UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's individual pursuit">
UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's individual pursuit

The UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's individual pursuit is the world championship individual pursuit event held annually at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships. Rebecca Twigg of the United States, and Tamara Garkuchina of the Soviet Union are the most successful cyclists in the history of this event, with six world titles apiece. Keetie van Oosten-Hage, with eleven medals including four world titles in the span of twelve years, is the most decorated cyclist in the event.

</doc>
<doc id="18999384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999384" title="Yann Cucherat">
Yann Cucherat

Yann Cucherat is a French gymnast. He won a bronze medal in parallel bars at the 2005 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. He competed at the 2004, 2008, and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18999400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999400" title="The Foundling (1916 film)">
The Foundling (1916 film)

The Foundling is a 1916 silent film directed by John B. O'Brien. The film is a remake of a 1915 version and serves as its replacement, as the 1915 Allan Dwan directed version was destroyed in the nitrate fire at Famous Players September 11, 1915. 
Plot.
Molly O (Mary Pickford) is a poor little girl whose mother died in childbirth and father David King (Edward Martindel) rejects her. When David departs to Italy to paint his died wife as the Madonna, Molly O is left behind in a cruel orphanage. She is beloved by the other pupils, but becomes enemies with the matron's niece Jennie (Mildred Morris). As a result, she is shipped off to live with a boardinghouse proprietress (Maggie Weston). She is treated more like a slave than as an adopted daughter and decides to run away.
Meanwhile, King returned from Italy and is now a wealthy and successful painter. He regrets having left behind his daughter and now longs for her presence. Jennie pretends to be Molly O to make profit of his wealth and is adopted by him. However, Molly O returns as well. Afraid to tell the truth, she serves as his maid.

</doc>
<doc id="18999423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999423" title="Vintage Sports-Car Club">
Vintage Sports-Car Club

The Vintage Sports-Car Club or VSCC is a British motor racing club. Established "towards the end of 1934" by "Tim Carson" and Tom Rolt to promote the pastime of motoring, the VSCC was first started in order to allow the "not so rich" to enjoy historic motoring. General guidelines made the club principally for cars built before 1931. This guideline generally remains in force although cars built before the Second World War but conforming to standards set in 1931 are also allowed.
As well as social events the club, which has a membership of some 7,500, organises a range of motoring competitions such as driving tests, hill climbs, races, road rallies and sprints. Their most famous race is held at Silverstone Circuit in April of every year.

</doc>
<doc id="18999434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999434" title="The Foundling (1915 film)">
The Foundling (1915 film)

The Foundling is a 1915 silent film directed by Alan Dwan. The film premiered in 1915, was lost in a fire accident short after, and was remade immediately with the same principal cast, but with a different director, John B. O'Brien, at the helm.
Plot.
Molly O (Mary Pickford) is a poor little girl whose mother died in childbirth and whose father David King (Edward Martindel) rejects her. When David departs to Italy to paint his late wife as the Madonna, Molly O is left behind in a cruel orphanage. She is beloved by the other pupils, but becomes enemies with the matron's niece Jennie (Mildred Morris). As a result, she is shipped off to live with a boardinghouse proprietress (Maggie Weston). She is treated more like a slave than as an adopted daughter and decides to run away.
Meanwhile, King returned from Italy and is now a wealthy and successful painter. He regrets having left behind his daughter and now longs for her presence. Jennie pretends to be Molly O to make profit of his wealth and is adopted by him. However, Molly O returns as well. Afraid to tell the truth, she serves as his maid.

</doc>
<doc id="18999438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999438" title="Spånga">
Spånga

Spånga is a community and parish in Stockholm County, Sweden.
Background.
Spånga was an independent municipality until January 1, 1949 when most of it was merged with the City of Stockholm, with smaller portions of the area merging with Solna, Sundbyberg, and Sollentuna municipalities.
Spånga was originally the name of a village centered around Spånga Church, which dates to the 12th century.
Spånga is notably the hometown of actor Dolph Lundgren.
Viking Airlines has its head office in Spånga and in Stockholm Municipality.
Sports.
The following sports clubs are located in Spånga:

</doc>
<doc id="18999440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999440" title="Aleksandro Petrović">
Aleksandro Petrović

Aleksandro Petrović (born March 16, 1988 in Teslić, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a German footballer of Bosnian Serb descent who plays for TSV Buchbach.
Career.
Petrović played youth football with SV Stadtwerke München before joining the youth setup of FC Bayern Munich. Despite representing Germany at under-17 level, he was released, and headed to Serbia, joining FK Zemun in January 2007 playing that season in Serbian Superliga. After being relegated to Serbian First League, he stayed until next January when he was released. After six months without a club, he returned to Germany, joining Dynamo Dresden.
In his first season at Dynamo, Petrovic made 7 appearances in the 3. Liga, and was a regular for the reserve team, with 10 goals in 20 league appearances as the team won both the Landesliga Saxony and the Saxony Cup. He was not named in Dynamo's first-team squad at the start of the 2009–10 season, but injuries to other players gave him an opportunity, and he made a few substitute appearances for the first team. After the appointment of Matthias Maucksch as manager, he was almost ever-present in the first team. Despite this, though, he was released at the end of the 2009–10 season. After six months without a club he joined TSV Buchbach of the Bayernliga.

</doc>
