<doc id="19063270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063270" title="Timeline of hydrogen technologies">
Timeline of hydrogen technologies

Timeline of hydrogen technologies — A timeline of the history of hydrogen technology.

</doc>
<doc id="19063271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063271" title="The Sky Is Crying (song)">
The Sky Is Crying (song)

"The Sky Is Crying" is a song that has become a blues standard. The song was written and recorded by Elmore James in 1959. Called "one of his most durable compositions", "The Sky Is Crying" became a R&B record chart hit and has been interpreted and recorded by numerous artists.
Original song.
"The Sky Is Crying" is a slow-tempo twelve-bar blues notated in 12/8 time in the key of C. An impromptu song inspired by a Chicago downpour during the recording session, it features James' slide guitar work and vocals. Accompanying James is his longtime backing band, the Broomdusters: J. T. Brown (saxophone), Johnny Jones (piano), Odie Payne (drums), and Homesick James (bass). James' unique slide guitar sound on the recording has generated some debate; Homesick James attributed it to a recording studio technique, others have suggested a different amplifier or guitar setup, and Ry Cooder felt that it was an altogether different guitar than James' usual Kay acoustic with an attached pickup.
The song, listed as "Elmo James and His Broomdusters", reached #15 in the Billboard R&B chart in 1960, making it James' last chart showing before his death in 1963. James recorded a variation of the song, "The Sun Is Shining", in April 1960 (Chess 1756), five months after the recording date of "The Sky Is Crying" (although some places "Sun" as a precursor to "Sky", possibly because the bulk of James' recordings for Fire/Fury/Enjoy took place after the Chess recordings).
Other recordings.
"The Sky Is Crying" has been interpreted and recorded by many blues and other artists. In 1963, blues harmonica player and singer Sonny Boy Williamson II recorded the song as a country blues-style duet with Matt Murphy on acoustic guitar for his "Keep It to Ourselves" album. In 1964, Eric Clapton with The Yardbirds recorded a live slow blues which included a couple of lines from "The Sky Is Crying" ("Blueswailing July '64 (Live)"). In 1966, with Jeff Beck on slide guitar, the Yardbirds made a live recording of "The Sun Is Shining" for the BBC ("BBC Sessions"). Hound Dog Taylor recorded a live version with Little Walter on harmonica at the 1967 American Folk Blues Festival (Fontana). He later recorded another live version with the HouseRockers in Boston in 1972 ("Live at Joe's Place").
In 1969, Albert King recorded the version that became one of his signature songs on the album "Years Gone By", later adopted by Stevie Ray Vaughan. Albert King recorded several live versions of the song during his career. Luther Allison also recorded the song in 1969 on his first LP, Love me Moma, and frequently included the song in his live performances. The Allman Brothers Band played the song at Duane Allman's funeral in 1971 and has since become one of their staples. Eric Clapton released a studio version on his 1975 "There's One in Every Crowd" album. In 1977, George Thorogood recorded it for his second album "Move It on Over". A live version was included on his 1986 album "Live Thorogood".
Stevie Ray Vaughan recorded the song during the 1985 "Soul to Soul" sessions, but it was not released until the 1991 posthumous compilation "The Sky Is Crying". Gary Moore recorded it for his 1992 album "Blues Alive". A live version appears on Johnny Winter's "Live in NYC '97" album. In 1998, John Martyn recorded it on his album of covers "The Church with One Bell". Etta James recorded the song for her 2004 Grammy Award-winning "Blues to the Bone" album.
Recognition.
In 1991, Elmore James' "The Sky Is Crying" was inducted into the Blues Foundation Hall of Fame in the "Classics of Blues Recordings" category.

</doc>
<doc id="19063274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063274" title="Doctors' Wives (1971 film)">
Doctors' Wives (1971 film)

"Doctors' Wives" is a 1971 American drama film directed by George Schaefer and starring Dyan Cannon, Gene Hackman, Carroll O'Connor, Richard Crenna, Janice Rule, John Colicos, and Rachel Roberts. It was based on a novel by Frank G. Slaughter. The theme song, "The Costume Ball", was sung by Mama Cass Elliot.
Plot.
While playing cards with her girlfriends, all of whom suspect their doctor husbands of having affairs, Lorrie Dellman volunteers to seduce each of them to find out more.
The plan backfires when Lorrie is caught in bed with Paul McGill by her husband, brain surgeon Dr. Mort Dellman, who shoots them both.
Dr. Pete Brennan is able to save McGill's life, but Lorrie is dead. Brennan is fed up with wife Amy and her migraines. He is having an affair with Helen, a nurse.
Dr. Dave Randolph is a psychiatrist. His wife, Della, is frigid. Randolph discovers that she's had a lesbian relationship with the late Lorrie.
Maggie, an alcoholic, is found face-down in her swimming pool by Dr. Joe Gray, her husband.
With all of their lives in turmoil, they attend Lorrie's funeral, where Helen reveals that her young son needs a brain operation. The doctors agree that Dr. Dellman is the man best suited to do the surgery, but Dellman is in jail for having shot his wife.
The district attorney, Douglas, agrees to release the surgeon for a few hours to perform the surgery, under a police guard. He is unaware that Dellman has made a deal with Lorrie's wealthy father, Jake Porter, to help him flee to Mexico as soon as the operation is done.

</doc>
<doc id="19063286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063286" title="Association of Cricket Officials">
Association of Cricket Officials

The Association of Cricket Officials (ACO) was set up in order to represent cricket officials around the world - especially umpires and scorers. It operates under the auspices of the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB). It is known as the ECB ACO.
Formation.
The ACO was formed on January 1, 2008 as a result of members of the former Association of Cricket Umpires and Scorers (ACUS) voting in favour of their organisation amalgamating with the now also defunct ECB Official's Association (ECB OA).
When the Association was formed an Interim Board was set up to get the new organisation rolling. Roger Knight was appointed as Chairman of the Interim Board.
Membership.
Membership Categories.
The Association has the following membership categories:
Full membership - includes full insurance cover and is open to anyone whose main residence is the UK/EEC. Prospective members must have an enhanced CRB clearance or local equivalent.
Associate membership - available to individuals who are no longer actively involved in umpiring/scoring or who have no active ECB ACO qualifications. No insurance is provided and CRB clearance is not required.
Junior membership - open to all who are under the age of 21. Full insurance cover will be provided once the member has reached their 16th birthday. Must have enhanced CRB clearance.
Overseas membership - open to all whose main residency is outside the UK/EEC. No insurance is provided and local equivalent to CRB is required.
Subscription rates.
Subscription rates for 2011 have been set as follows:
Full member - £30 direct debit, £32 cheque
Associate member - £10, £12
Junior member (under 21) - £5, £7
Overseas (non-EEC) £10/15 euros, £12/17 euros
Examinations.
A structure of cricket umpiring and scoring examinations will be in place in the near future. There is expected to be five levels.
Old umpiring qualifications issued by the ACUS will be recognised as follows by the ACO:
GL6 - Level 1
GL5 - Level 2

</doc>
<doc id="19063289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063289" title="Harich">
Harich

Harich may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19063295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063295" title="Aoi Nakamura">
Aoi Nakamura

, born on March 4, 1991 in Fukuoka, Japan, is a Japanese actor. He belongs to the talent agency LesPros Entertainment.
History.
Nakamura Aoi entered the entertainment industry when he won the Grand Prix at the final round of the 18th Junon Superboy Contest held in November 2005. He was in the third year at junior high school and only 14 at the time, making him the first ever junior high school student Grand Prix winner.
Nakamura's father was responsible for sending in the application to the contest. Since Nakamura was a child he was called cute by those around him and his father wondered if it was really true, leading to the application. Nakamura himself was initially unenthusiastic about the contest as he disliked having to leave Fukuoka for Tokyo, and felt more apprehension than happiness when he won.
In October 2006, he made his debut as an actor in the stage play "Den-en ni Shisu", playing the lead role. At the end of March 2007, in order to start his entertainment activities seriously, he left his hometown of Fukuoka alone and moved to Tokyo. In July, he received his first lead role in a drama serial, "Boys Este". He also made his first movie appearance in the film "Koizora" which started showing in theatres November the same year.
Nakamura's first lead role in a movie "Hyakuhachi" showed in theatres in August 2008. In 2010, he was in movies one after another, including "Beck" and "". He also starred in "" that premiered in November 2010 and was released in more than 30 countries.
In 2011, from May to June, he played the leading role in stage play "Curry Life". In July, he played a semi-leading role in "Hanazakari no Kimitachi e 2011", a remake of popular drama serial.
Appearances.
Leading roles in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="19063297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063297" title="Lampros Kontogiannis">
Lampros Kontogiannis

Lampros Kontogiannis Gómez (; born 1 August 1988 in Manzanillo, Colima, Mexico) is a Greek-Mexican soccer player.
Career.
Kontogiannis began his career with Segunda División side F.S. Manzanillo in the 2007-08 season. He then signed a contract in May 2008 with Club América. He debuted with Club América on August 17, 2008 in the 66 minute against Pachuca the game ended 1-1.
He also played for reserve side Socio Águila in 2008-09 season. In June 2011, he moved to Tigres of UANL in Monterrey.
Honors.
Club.
Tigres UANL

</doc>
<doc id="19063314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063314" title="John Tidmarsh">
John Tidmarsh

John Alan Tidmarsh, O.B.E., born 13 August 1928 in King's College Hospital, Camberwell, is a British broadcaster and journalist who spent 10 years with domestic radio and television and more than 30 with the BBC World Service magazine programme "Outlook".
An evacuee during the early years of the Second World War, he went to three different grammar schools before joining his parents in Bristol for his final school years at Cotham Grammar School. He left school at 16 to become a junior reporter with the "Western Daily Press". At 18 he left to do two years of National Service and spoke into a microphone for the first time when he became a radio operator in the Royal Air Force (RAF), serving one year at RAF Seletar in Singapore.
Back in Bristol with the "Western Daily Press" in the autumn of 1948 he began to specialise in sport, reporting each week on Bristol Rovers. After doing a "live" commentary one Saturday for the newly created Hospital Radio Service, the BBC Controller in West Region, the former war correspondent Frank Gillard, offered him a job, initially as a resident freelance, reporting and presenting the regional magazine "The Week in the West". He later joined the staff as the regional organiser of coverage for national television news.
After four years in Bristol, Tidmarsh was invited to join the reporting staff at Broadcasting House in London and within two months was sent on a four-month assignment at the United Nations in New York.
Back in England, Tidmarsh worked at Alexandra Palace, the headquarters of BBC Television News, and presented the daily news magazine for South East England, "Town and Around". Occasionally he presented the national news and later joined Gerald Priestland to present the first ever two-handed news presentation, which was on the newly created BBC2.
For most of his remaining years on the staff he worked out of Broadcasting House, where from time to time he stood in for Jack de Manio, presenting the popular "Today programme". Most of the time he was reporting on foreign news, often in France during the crisis over Charles de Gaulle and independence for Algeria. He covered the final talks for Algerian independence at Évian-les-Bains and was actually in Algiers on Independence Day.
Tidmarsh had many more overseas assignments, including the revolt in Lebanon in June 1958 to overthrow Camille Chamoun, the two wars between India and Pakistan in 1962 and 1965, a three month assignment in Vietnam in 1965 and the USA, where he covered the whole of the Civil Rights March from Selma to Montgomery in Alabama, led by Martin Luther King.
In 1966 Tidmarsh resigned from the staff and set himself up as a correspondent for the BBC in Brussels (a "stringer"). From there he flew to London every Thursday morning, back again on Friday night, after presenting "Outlook", the new current affairs and magazine programme which he had been asked to join on BBC World Service. He thus became the BBC's first European commuter, before returning to Britain in 1968.
Traditionalists said that "Outlook" would not last six months. The formula was all wrong, particularly with the inclusion of star guests "live" in the studio. When John finally retired in 1998, shortly after his 70th birthday, he had been with the programme for more than 30 years. For much of that time he took over three days a week and, as the senior presenter, made many special editions from every continent except Antarctica.
He was awarded the OBE in 1997 for services to broadcasting. His autobiography was published in 2010, entitled "Horrid Go-ahead Boy: A Broadcaster's Life".

</doc>
<doc id="19063358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063358" title="Angela Lien">
Angela Lien

Angela "Angie" Lien (born January 16, 1981 in Duluth, Minnesota) is an American figure skater. She is the 2003 Winter Universiade silver medalist. She was the oldest competitor in the ladies division at both the 2007 U.S. Figure Skating Championships and the 2008 U.S. Figure Skating Championships

</doc>
<doc id="19063369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063369" title="Ann Davis">
Ann Davis

Ann Davis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19063373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063373" title="Charleston Classic">
Charleston Classic

The Charleston Classic is a three-day invitational college basketball season-opening tournament held in Charleston, South Carolina. An ESPN-owned and operated event, it is contested at TD Arena, home of the College of Charleston. Each team plays three games in three days. The inaugural tournament was held November 14–16, 2008.
The current champions are the Massachusetts Minutemen who defeated Clemson in the final by a score of 62-56.

</doc>
<doc id="19063394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063394" title="NGC 1134">
NGC 1134

NGC 1134 is a spiral galaxy in the Aries constellation.

</doc>
<doc id="19063413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063413" title="Prabhavati">
Prabhavati

Prabhavati was a 4th-century regent of the western Indian Vakataka dynasty. Prabhavati was the daughter of a Naga dynasty princess from northern India who had been made a consort of the Gupta emperor Chandragupta II when the Naga lands were overrun by Gupta soldiers. Recognized as an heiress of Chandragupta, Prabhavati was married to the Vakataka king as a diplomatic gift. When the Vakataka king died shortly after the wedding, Prabhavati took the reins of government and ruled for 20 years, allying the Vakataka state closely with Gupta interests.
Source.
"India: A History" by John Keay, published by Harper Perennial in 2000 in London, United Kingdom- page 142

</doc>
<doc id="19063422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063422" title="Tatsu (film)">
Tatsu (film)

Tatsu () (alternative title: Hound Dogs ()) is a 1994 Russian film directed by Vera Yakovenko and starring Margarita Pushkina, Nastya, Krematorij, Molotov Cocktail bands and others.
Plot.
According to film director Lagunov, "Tatsu is a dragon that sits inside everyone of us. It chokes those of us who yielded to our temptations.". The film is a story of a Soviet hippy who was imprisoned for 5 years and tries to fit in after the release.

</doc>
<doc id="19063466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063466" title="William Wadd">
William Wadd

William Wadd (21 June 1776 - 29 August 1829) was a 19th-century British surgeon and medical author.
Wadd, the eldest son of Solomon Wadd ("d". 1821), a surgeon, who lived and practised for more than half a century in Basinghall Street, London, was born on 1776, and was entered at Merchant Taylor’s school late in 1784. He was apprenticed to Sir James Earle in 1797, and thus became one of the privileged class of surgeon’s pupils at St Bartholomew's Hospital. He was admitted a member of the Royal College of Surgeons on 18 December 1801, and in 1816 he contested the post of assistant-surgeon to St Bartholomew’s Hospital when John Painter Vincent was elected. He was chosen a member of the College of Surgeons of England in 1824, and was appointed a member of the court of examiners in succession to John Abernethy on 3 August 1829. He was appointed one of the surgeons extraordinary to George IV on 30 March 1821.
He was killed instantaneously on 29 August 1829 in Killarney, Kerry in by jumping off a runaway carriage on the road from Killarney to Mitchelstown while he was making a holiday tour in the south of Ireland. At the time of his death he was a fellow of the Linnean Society of London, and an associate of the Société de Médecine of Paris.
A man of high talents, Wadd had a rich fund of anecdote. He was an excellent draughtsman, and learnt etching to such good effect that the illustrations in his own works are all the products of his own needle. He married on 5 July 1806, Caroline Mackenzie, who survived him and by her had two children — a son who was drowned at Mauritius in March 1828, and a daughter.
A life-size half-length in oils, painted by John Jackson, was in the secretary’s office at the Royal College of Surgeons in Lincoln’s Inn Fields ["c". 1900].

</doc>
<doc id="19063503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063503" title="Yuri Danilov">
Yuri Danilov

Yuri Danilov (1866–1937) served as a general in the Russian army during World War I.
From 1907 to 1914 Danilov was in charge of the Intelligence Section of Russian Main Staff of the Imperial Russian Army. At the start of World War I Danilov was appointed General-Quartermaster (chief of operations) at Stavka, third in command after Grand Duke Nicholas Nikolaevich and his chief of staff Nikolai Yanushkevich.
With the Tsar's decision to take personal command of the army at the front in August 1915, both the Grand Duke and Danilov lost their positions. Appointed to the Northern Front, Danilov served as commander of 25th corps (1915–1916), chief of staff of the Northern Front (1916–1917), and commander of the 5th Army (1917).
After the October Revolution of 1917 he emigrated to France, where he remained until his death in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="19063520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063520" title="Neurodevelopmental framework for learning">
Neurodevelopmental framework for learning

Neurodevelopmental framework for learning, like all frameworks, is an organizing structure through which learners and learning can be understood. Intelligence theories and neuropsychology inform many of them. The framework described below is a neurodevelopmental framework for learning. The neurodevelopmental framework was developed by the All Kinds of Minds Institute in collaboration with Dr. Mel Levine and the University of North Carolina's Clinical Center for the Study of Development and Learning. It is similar to other neuropsychological frameworks, including Alexander Luria's cultural-historical psychology and psychological activity theory, but also draws from disciplines such as speech-language pathology, occupational therapy, and physical therapy. It also shares components with other frameworks, some of which are listed below. However, it does not include a general intelligence factor (abbreviated g), since the framework is used to describe learners in terms of profiles of strengths and weaknesses, as opposed to using labels, diagnoses, or broad ability levels. This framework was also developed to link with academic skills, such as reading and writing. Implications for education are discussed below as well as the connections to and compatibilities with several major educational policy issues.
This framework consists of 8 constructs, sometimes referred to as systems (Levine, 1998):
Constructs.
In addition to the 8 constructs, this framework includes several "cross-construct" phenomena: rate alignment (working at optimal speed), strategy use (working and thinking tactically), chunk size capacity- the amount of material that can be processed, stored or generated, and metacognition (degree of knowledge about learning and insight into one's own neurodevelopmental strengths and weaknesses). (Benjamin & Bird, 2006; Broekkamp & Van Hout-Wolters, 2007; Flavell, 1979; Halford, Wilson, & Phillips, 1998; Hofer, 2004; Lungu, Liu, Waechter, Willingham, & Ashe, 2007).
Implications for Educational Practice.
Students come to school with unique neurodevelopmental profiles; the strengths and weaknesses of each learner's brain are different. Schools place numerous demands on brain functions. A mismatch between the strengths and weaknesses a learner brings to school and the demands of the classroom can cause barriers to academic success. Identifying the nature of the mismatch and where the learning breakdown is taking place can help teachers, parents and students to develop effective strategies and remedy the problem. Identification is based on observable phenomena: what is seen in the classroom and at home, what evidence can be gathered and analyzed, and what hypothesis can be generated based on observations. Labeling a student as learning disabled, ADD, or ADHD is not as descriptive and or useful as applying the neurodevelopmental framework. A neurodevelopmental framework can be used to categorize phenomena into profiles, which can be used to describe students rather than label them with diagnostic categories. The framework can be used in three broad areas:
In Schools.
Neurodevelopmental profiles can be used for students identified as being in need of academic or behavioral support. Mismatches between a student's profile and the classroom environment can lead to student frustration which may be expressed as behavior issues. Schools implementing a neurodevelopmental framework may see a reduction in disciplinary referrals as the mismatch is understood and modifications are incorporated. Profiles may be used for students as part of a special education referral or when an Individualized Education Plan or 504 is developed. The reauthorization of IDEA has given rise to Response to Intervention, a tiered approach to addressing the specific needs of each child, which is wholly compatible with describing students' neurodevelopmental profiles.
In Classrooms.
Within a classroom, each subject area and each instructional strategy places different neurodevelopmental demands on students. Awareness of these demands can lead teachers to an instructional analysis of what and how they are teaching. Differentiated Instruction, or differentiation, is the practice of using a variety of instructional tools, resources or strategies to meet the needs of all learners. It is enhanced through a more specific understanding of the neurodevelopmental demands on targeted groups of students, resulting in a closer alignment of cognitive strengths to academic content. In addition to differentiation, a neurodevelopmental framework supports several curriculum design tools or principles used in many classrooms such as Understanding by Design and Universal Design for Learning.
Individual Students.
Teachers who use a neurodevelopmental framework observe student behavior and work, looking for recurrent themes or patterns. Detailed analysis of strengths, weaknesses and affinities allows teachers to develop a neurodevelopmental profile of a student. (Teachers who utilize a Multiple Intelligences or learning styles framework will be familiar with the idea that each student's brain works differently. A neurodevelopmental approach is more specifically descriptive of learning breakdowns.) A process of demystification occurs with the student, allowing the student to develop insight into his or her own learning. In partnership with the student, the teacher develops targeted action plans strategies chosen to utilize and develop neurodevelopmental strengths while bolstering areas of weakness. Teachers who practice differentiation will be familiar with the idea of modifying instruction to meet the needs of diverse learners
Professional Development.
To use any learning framework, teachers and other school-based individuals need to invest in professional development. Professional development can take the form of face-to-face trainings, on-line training and college or graduate school courses. The neurodevelopmental framework described above was the basis for professional development from All Kinds of Minds, an educational non-profit institute, through the Schools Attuned program.
Other Learning Frameworks.
Numerous frameworks are available that describe development and help to organize observations of learning behavior. Intelligence theories date back to the 19th century and the early 20th century, such as Charles Spearman's concept of general intelligence factor, or g. Though there were exceptions (e.g., Thorndike), most theories of intelligence included g, a general index of cognitive ability (Bolles, 1993 Francher, 1990). 
An intelligence theory that has drawn considerable attention is Cattell-Horn-Carroll (CHC), which is grounded in extensive factor analytic research from cognitive ability test databases, as well as studies of development and heritability. CHC is actually an amalgam of Cattell-Horn Gf-Gc theory and Carroll's three-tier model. Carroll (1993) proposed a framework with the broadest level a general intelligence factor conceptually similar to Spearman's g. This general factor was divided into eight narrower abilities, each consisting of narrow factors. Cattell-Horn's model was similar on several fronts, including its hierarchical structure. In the 1990s, Carroll's model was combined with Cattell-Horn's work by Flanagan, McGrew, and Ortiz (2000). CHC contains three strata: stratum III is g, stratum II consists of broad cognitive abilities, and stratum I consists of narrow cognitive abilities. The broad cognitive abilities (stratum II) include fluid reasoning (or Gf, forming and recognizing logical relationships among patterns, inferencing, and transforming novel stimuli) and comprehension-knowledge (or Gc, using language and acquired knowledge). There is on-going discussion by proponents of CHC about g's importance in the framework. 
The Structure of Intellect (SOI) model includes three axes (with 5-6 components per axis) that form a 3-dimensional cube; because each dimension is independent, there are 150 different potential aspects of intelligence (Guilford, 1982). Howard Gardner has written about several categories of intelligence, as opposed to a hierarchical model (Gardner, 1999).
Neuropsychologists have sought to map various mental abilities onto brain structures. In so doing they have created frameworks that include factors and sub-components. Luria (1973) organized brain functions into now-familiar categories, such as speech and memory. Luria's conception of attention included three units: Unit 1 (brainstem and related areas) regulates cortical activity and levels of alertness, Unit 2 (lateral and posterior regions of neocortex) analyzes and stores newly received information, and Unit 3 (frontal lobes) programs and regulates activity (Luria, 1973). More recently, the PASS (Planning, Attention, Successive, and Simultaneous) model (Das, Naglieri, & Kirby 1994) yields both a global index of ability while emphasizing specific cognitive processes. For example, "successive" refers to information that is perceived, interpreted, and/or remembered in a serial order (e.g., language), whereas "simultaneous" refers to material that is perceived, interpreted, and/or remembered as a whole (e.g. visual-spatial).
Policies and Initiatives Compatible with a Neurodevelopmental Framework.
The neurodevelopmental framework can be found within a number of policy contexts throughout the American educational system. As educators grapple with the challenge of meeting the needs of all learners as well as educational policy requirements, they are utilizing a neurodevelopmental lens to meet these demands. While many districts and states are exploring a variety of ways to utilize the framework in both professional development offerings as well as systematic teacher development processes, No Child Left Behind, IDEA, and RtI are all federal policies that support instructional application of the framework.
No Child Left Behind (NCLB).
The No Child Left Behind Act (NCLB) creates a context that is very compatible with the neurodevelopmental framework. In a broad sense, NCLB puts an increased emphasis on "science based research," which would include the vast amount of scientific evidence supporting the framework. NCLB proposes the idea that education should be supported by science rather than guesswork, and that teachers should have some sort of empirical evidence to support interventions. The neurodevelopmental framework provides the opportunity to bring the science of learning to the art of teaching.
Under NCLB's assessment requirements, states are required to disaggregate data by subgroups. In this way, NCLB sheds light on the specific groups of students who are struggling rather than averaging all of the data together. The neurodevelopmental framework provides recognition that all students' minds have different strengths and weaknesses, and one possible explanation for the achievement gap is a mismatch between instructional and student strengths and weaknesses in learning.
Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA).
In the years since the passage of Public Law 94-142 (now referred to as IDEA), significant progress has been made toward meeting major national goals for developing and implementing effective programs and services for early intervention, special education, and related services. Still, many students with disabilities have their strengths overlooked. The neurodevelopmental framework provides concepts and vocabulary to understand both students' strengths and weaknesses.
The 2004 reauthorization of IDEA opened the door further for a connection to the neurodevelopmental framework. IDEA 2004 permits the use of federal program dollars for students who are not specifically identified as having a learning disability. Of the money a school district receives under Part B of IDEA, a maximum of 15 percent may be used for "early intervention services" for unidentified students. This means schools are encouraged to understand the way students learn before they are ever referred to special education.
Several concepts have become part of the special education vocabulary because of this law, including Free Appropriate Public Education (FAPE), Individualized Education Program (IEP) and Least Restrictive Environment (LRE). These acronyms have become foundational to U.S. efforts to create a high quality system of special education and ensure equal access to education for all students.
Response to Intervention (RtI).
Response to Intervention (RtI) is sometimes referred to as Response to Instruction as decisions are constantly made about the unique individual responses to instructional delivery. This approach works to the benefit of all students within the classroom, because teachers are actively engaged in discovering the source of learning breakdowns. In the past, special education was seen as the only way students could receive help. If they do not meet special education requirements, some students still fail in the classroom. RtI empowers teachers to troubleshoot problems that students are encountering, many times eliminating the need for special education referrals.
The neurodevelopmental framework equips educators with the concepts and vocabulary to make sound judgments about instruction, making it a natural complement to the spirit of IDEA in general, and the RtI framework in particular. Identifying learning breakdowns and how to intervene with appropriate accommodations and interventions is an essential skill for successful RtI implementation.

</doc>
<doc id="19063525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063525" title="Elshan Mammadov">
Elshan Mammadov

Elshan Mamedov (; born 4 May 1980 in Baku) is an Azerbaijani football player who most recently played for AZAL PFC as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19063528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063528" title="Outre Mer">
Outre Mer

Outre Mer is the second full-length studio album by Garage A Trois released in 2005. Uniquely combining drums, percussion, eight-string guitar and saxophone it is funk-influenced and emphasizes polyrhythmic grooves. Allmusic reviewer Sean Westergaard stated that with the release of "Outre Mer" Garage A Trois "evolved from a cool side project to a great band."
The full title of the album is Bande Originale du Filme de Outre Mer. Various album reviews state the album is a soundtrack for a French film also titled "Outre Mer" which was never released. The liner notes include a short story by Klaus Tontine and a special thanks to Tontine Films France. When Charlie Hunter was asked in an interview with Paul Olsen if inspiration came from the film he stated:
Basically, Stanton and Mike and Skerik and I got together and Stanton and I worked out a lot of grooves in the studio. That was our idea, just to put these grooves together--get “A” sections and “B” sections and just kind of build the music that way. And as far as went, I don’t really know--I’ve never met him, I don’t really have any contact with him. I was just down in New Orleans for the week that we recorded it.
Regarding the question of the film a reviewer Michael McCaw states, "Either way, the music speaks for itself."

</doc>
<doc id="19063552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063552" title="Jim Novak">
Jim Novak

James R. Novak (born September 14) is a comic book creator primarily working as a letterer for Marvel Comics, where he has worked on almost every one of their ongoing series. Novak has also done spot duty as a writer, penciler, and colorist.
Biography.
The first Marvel comic Novak can remember reading as a child was "Daredevil" #9, published in 1965. Novak broke into the business in 1975 with "Marvel Spotlight" #25, as a minor member of the "third wave" of creators, which included artists John Byrne and Frank Miller, and writers Roger Stern, Jo Duffy, Mark Gruenwald and Ralph Macchio.
He soon became a staff letterer (and occasional logo designer) at Marvel, ascending to production manager in the mid-1980s. A prolific worker, in the 1980s Novak was the regular letterer for such titles as "Avengers" (1981–1987) "Doctor Strange" (1980–1984), "Fantastic Four" (1980–1984), "The Incredible Hulk" (1981–1984), and "Marvel Fanfare" (1982–1991), when he lettered as many as five or six books per month. Fellow letterer Bill Oakley opined that Novak created the best shapes for speech balloons of any letterer he knew.
In the 1980s and early 90s (and even in 2000–2001), Novak was often paired with writer/artist Byrne, on such titles as "The Avengers", "Fantastic Four", "Wolverine", "Sensational She-Hulk", and "". Over the year, Novak also lettered a number of titles written by Stern, including "Captain America", "The Avengers", "Doctor Strange", "Marvel Universe", "The Spectacular Spider-Man", and "Marvel: The Lost Generation".
In the 1990s, Novak worked on many limited series and one-shots, as well as full-time lettering on "Darkhawk", "Green Goblin", "Fantastic Four" again, and "Star Trek: Star Fleet Academy". In the 2000s, Novak's lettering work has been more sporadic.

</doc>
<doc id="19063555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063555" title="Tramp! Tramp! Tramp!">
Tramp! Tramp! Tramp!

"Tramp! Tramp! Tramp! (The Prisoner's Hope)" was one of the most popular songs of the American Civil War. George F. Root wrote both the words and music and published it in 1864 to give hope to the Union prisoners of war. The song is written from the prisoner's point of view. The chorus tells his fellow prisoners that hope is coming.
Lyrics.
First Verse:
Chorus:
In popular culture.
The song has been parodied numerous times, an early variant being "Damn, Damn, Damn the Filipinos". It also lends the music to an Irish patriotic song, "God Save Ireland", as well as the children's song "Jesus Loves the Little Children". Hawkeye (Alan Alda) twice responds to someone making a thrice repeated complaint (such as "Gripe, gripe, gripe!") by singing the line from the song "the boys are marching" on "M*A*S*H". In the November 26, 2010, edition of the "Pickles" comic strip, lead character Earl Pickles sings the chorus as a pre-emptive strike against his wife's urge to sing holiday songs. Club Deportivo Universidad Católica, one of Chile's most important football clubs, used the music of this song in its official anthem.
This is the original song of the college song of Sapporo Agricultural College (Present: Hokkaido University), Japan.
The labor organizer (and songwriter) Joe Hill wrote a song to the tune called "The Tramp", about a vagabond going through the depression in search for a job, only to get the universal answer: 'Tramp, tramp, tramp, keep on a-tramping / Nothing doing here for you / If I catch you 'round again / You will wear the ball and chain'.
The Mormon hymn "In Our Lovely Deseret" employs the tune as well.
As well as An Dearg Doom by Horslips the air of this song was used in Put 'Em Under Pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="19063556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063556" title="Craig L. Russell">
Craig L. Russell

Craig L. Russell (born January 6, 1949) is an American software architect and author. He contributed to the book "97 Things Every Software Architect Should Know" (ISBN 059652269X).
Biography.
Early life and education.
Craig L. Russell was born January 6, 1949 in New York. He graduated from Harvard University in 1971 with a BA in Applied Mathematics.
Career.
Craig joined Sun Microsystems to lead the development of Object Relational Mapping. He initiated the creation of Java Data Objects, for which he was specification lead for JSR 12 and JSR 243 and continues to maintain the specifications. He was the architect responsible for developing the implementation of Container Managed Persistence for Sun's Java Enterprise Edition Application Server.
Craig was the contributing editor for the Object Data Management Group Standard: 3.0 Java binding, ISBN 1-55860-647-5. He co-authored the definitive work on Java Data Objects, published by O'Reilly, 2003, ISBN 0-596-00276-9. An expert in Object Relational Mapping, he wrote "Bridging the Object-Relational Divide", ACM Queue May/June 2008.
Craig is a member and officer of The Apache Software Foundation, the chair of the Apache OpenJPA Project Management Committee, and a member of the Apache Incubator project responsible for bringing projects into Apache.

</doc>
<doc id="19063559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063559" title="Stafford Bird">
Stafford Bird

Bolton Stafford Bird CMG (30 January 1840 – 15 December 1924) was an English-born Australian Congregationalist clergyman, farmer and politician.
Bird was born in Hazlerigg, Northumberland, the son of the local schoolmaster. In 1852 the family emigrated to Australia and began farming at Clunes, Victoria. In 1865 Bird was ordained in the Wesleyan Methodist Church, but in 1867 transferred to the Congregational Church as minister of the church at Ballarat. In 1870 he took charge of several churches in the Avoca district.
In 1874 he took over the church in Davey Street, Hobart, Tasmania, but resigned in 1877 due to ill-health and bought a farm near Geeveston in the Huon district. He grew apples, which he began to ship to England, thus becoming a pioneer of the Tasmanian apple export industry. In August 1891, however, the Bank of Van Diemen's Land, with whom Bird held a mortgage, collapsed and he lost the farm, moving to a much smaller property at Lunawanna on Bruny Island.
In 1882, Bird was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly for Franklin. In 1887 he became Treasurer in Philip Fysh's ministry, serving until Fysh's defeat in 1892. He then served as Leader of the Opposition until 1894 and then Speaker of the House of Assembly until December 1896. He was Treasurer again under Sir Elliott Lewis from 1899 to 1903. From 1904 to 1909 he represented South Hobart. In 1909 he was elected to the upper house, the Legislative Council, and retired in 1923.
Bird was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in the 1920 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="19063563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063563" title="Kitaysky Tank">
Kitaysky Tank

Kitaysky Tank (, "Chinese tank") is the first solo-album of the Russian rock musician Armen Grigoryan and 3'Angel. The group is named so because this is the third team of Armen Grigoryan. 
History.
The album was released in May 2006 and included 12 completely new songs. Two of them, "Chinese tank" and "Ragtime", were already well known to fans as they had a constant rotation on Nashe Radio, Radio Russia and radio "Silver Rain". These songs were used in the series "The students" on the Ren-TV.

</doc>
<doc id="19063570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063570" title="Ramil Sayadov">
Ramil Sayadov

Ramil Sayadov, born July 11, 1983 in Azerbaijan, was an Azerbaijani football player who in 2008 played for FK Simurq Zaqatala as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="19063584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063584" title="American Growler">
American Growler

American Growler Inc is a manufacturing firm originally based in Ocala, Florida, now in Robbins, North Carolina. For over ten years, it has built a line of Light Utility Vehicles partly derived from drivetrains from M151 MUTT Jeeps. Versions range from $7,000 in price kit form, a $15,500 tactical dune buggy, and a $33,000 version sold to the Dominican Republic's military. 
Light Strike Vehicle.
Growler's most expensive model at over $100,000 each, is the Growler Light Strike vehicle. It was specially designed to be transported in the small cargo hold of the V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft along with the Expeditionary Fire Support System towed mortar.
The V-22 cargo compartment is five feet wide, five feet tall and less than 17 feet in length. In 2005, the Marines planned to buy 400 of the vehicles in a contract that combined with the mortar system was expected to total $296 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19063585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063585" title="EPC (EP)">
EPC (EP)

EPC was the third EP released by the experimental rock band Battles. It was released by Dotlinecircle in 2004. In Japan, this EP was well received critically and is the only EP by Battles (whose name is rendered on the front cover in katakana, バトルス, "Batorusu") to be released in Japan alone.

</doc>
<doc id="19063589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063589" title="Esteban Dreer">
Esteban Dreer

Esteban Javier Dreer (born November 11, 1981 in Godoy Cruz) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Emelec of the Ecuadorian Serie A. 
In May 2011, Dreer set an Ecuadorian Serie A record for most consecutive games played by a goalkeeper. Since 29 November 2009, Dreer has consecutively played 5,700 minutes in 63 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="19063596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063596" title="Aerobic Gymnastics World Championships">
Aerobic Gymnastics World Championships

The Aerobic Gymnastics World Championships are the World Championships for aerobic gymnastics. They have been held since 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19063599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063599" title="James Carmichael (engineer)">
James Carmichael (engineer)

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir James Forrest Halkett Carmichael CMG CBE (8 July 1868 – 12 August 1934) was a British Army officer, engineer and colonial administrator.
Carmichael was the son of an Indian civil servant. He was educated at Clifton College and the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, and was commissioned into the Royal Engineers in 1887. He was promoted Captain in 1898, Major in 1906, and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel in 1919.
From 1889 to 1900 he served abroad, successively in India, Aden, Somaliland and Burma. From 1900 to 1904 he served in the office of the Inspector-General of Fortifications at the War Office in London and with the Ordnance Survey. In 1904 he retired from the Army and was appointed Head of the Engineering and Works Department of the Crown Agents for the Colonies.
During the First World War he rejoined the Army and served on the Armaments Output Committee at the War Office, and later as personal assistant for metals to the Director of Materials at the Ministry of Munitions and then as Assistant Director of Munitions Supply and on the High Speed Steel Committee.
After the war he returned to his post at the Crown Agents, later being promoted to Chief Engineer. In 1921 he was appointed one of the Crown Agents, retiring in 1932.
Carmichael was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1918 and Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in the 1920 New Year Honours, and was knighted in the 1929 New Year Honours. He was also a claimant to the Earldom of Hyndford.

</doc>
<doc id="19063604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063604" title="Cutting extinguisher">
Cutting extinguisher

The use of a cutting extinguisher is a fire extinguishing technique that combines abrasive waterjet cutting with water spray extinguishing, through a single handpiece or nozzle. The fire-fighter approaches the fire from outside the main fire area, then uses the cutting action to drill a small hole through a door or wall. Switching to a water spray then allows the fire to be fought, as with a conventional fog nozzle.
The main advantages of this system are in increased safety for the fire-fighter, as they may remain outside the most hazardous area. In particular, the need for highly-dangerous smoke diving is reduced. The small size of the access hole also reduces any risk of flashover or backdraft. Flashover is reduced by avoiding the need to open up a large access hole, backdraft by the flow of water through this small hole keeping any flow cooled and directed inwards, towards the fire.
Secondary advantages are in gaining rapid access to the seat of the fire, directly through most construction materials and without needing to cause structural damage that may further weaken a structure.
Cold Cut Systems Svenska AB - The coldcut Cobra cutting extinguisher.
The cutting extinguisher technique originates in Sweden, with Cold Cut Systems Svenska AB. Cold Cut Systems Svenska AB was founded in 1988. The origins of the company was in water jet cutting but in coperation with Räddningsverket (today the Swedish Civil Contingencies Agency (MSB)), the coldcut Cobra cutting extinguisher was developed in the mid-1990s with the first commercial cutting extinguisher available in 2000. In 2008, Saab acquired a 27% stake in the company.
As well as the fire-fighting "Cold Cut Cobra", the company has also developed the same core waterjet technology into areas such as a "Cold Tap" that can tap or vent flammable fluids, such as fuel tankers or pipelines, without risk of ignition or explosion.
Local adoption has been enthusiastic. Of the over 500 coldcut Cobra systems delivered so far, about 130 are in Sweden. The Cobra has also been sold to fire services in many other countries including Norway, UK, Australia, Taiwan, Singapore, Hong Kong, Peoples Republic of China, Japan and Malaysia. .
The equipment for Cobra is small and lightweight, with good water efficiency. This allows its installation into small, lightweight and faster light vans, as well as full-sized fire appliances. These light vehicles may then be able to arrive on scene more quickly. Water is supplied at about 300 bar and a flow rate of up to 50 litres / minute through a lightweight hose that with extensions can be up to 300 meters long. With 350 litres of water carried on-board this allows several minutes active use, even without connection to a fire hydrant. It can cut through 15 cm of concrete in 75 seconds and 10mm steel in 60 seconds.
With the coldcut Cobra cutting extinguisher a fire fighter can attack a fire from the safety of being outside the fire room. The water jet combined with an abrasive cutting sand makes it possible to 'shot' right through a wall or other structure. When the water jet has penetrated the fine water droplets in the water jet hits the hot fire gases in the fire room and are turned to steam. This sucks the energy out of the fire and quickly reduces the temperature in the fire room to the point where the risk of a back-draft is very much reduced or eliminated. It is then safer to make entry into the fire room and apply conventional fire fighting tactics if required. As very little water is used in the process there is also much less water damage to take care of compared with conventional fire fighting methods.
As tactics has developed over the 10 years the technology has been applied it has been found that especially the combination with an IR-camera (heat camera) is useful. The camera is used for finding hotspots or for reading a building etc. and the cutting extinguisher is used for attacking those spots while the result is monitored with the camera. The cutting extinguisher has also been used successfully in combination with PPV (positive pressure ventilation) fans.
The Swedish contigencies agency recently published a report on 10 years user experience of the Cobra cutting extinguisher in Sweden.
PyroLance USA.
Pyrolance LLC has a licence signed 2006 with CCS AB to manufacture and market a 'Americanized' product similar to the CCS- Cobra 'Cutting Extinguisher'. 
PyroLance is a firefighting system that cools and contains fires and fire gases. Utilizing a combination of high-pressure water and a nonsparking abrasive material, the PyroLance pierces exterior structures, and blankets the thermal layers inside with a fog of atomized water. The PyroLance introduces its fine mist of water through a small opening; therefore, a rapid reduction in temperature occurs without introducing large amounts of oxygen, reducing the likelihood of flashover or backdraft.
During piercing operations, the abrasive aggregate is carried with the high velocity water, allowing the PyroLance to create a pea-size hole in any material. Once the opening has been made, a second trigger allows the operator to switch to plain water and/or water with foam. Starting the flow of water turns the PyroLance into a fire confinement tool injecting its high-pressure fog stream directly into the thermal layer while the operator remains in a protected position outside.

</doc>
<doc id="19063617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063617" title="Tufail Niazi">
Tufail Niazi

Tufail Niazi (1916 – September 21, 1990) was a Pakistani folk singer whose songs include "Sada Chiryan da Chamba," "Akhiyaan Lagiyaan Jawaab Na," "Layee Beqadran Naal Yaari," and "Mein Nai Jana Kheriyan de Nal." He gave many performances on PTV and Radio Pakistan.
Early life.
Tufail Niazi was born in the Madaira, Jallandhar, in 1916. His was the only Muslim family residing in the otherwise Sikh village of Madaira.
Tufail’s family and ancestors were “Pakhawajis.” His ancestry included “Rubabis” who sang Gurbanis in gurdwaras. Tufail followed this family tradition and began singing Guru Nanak's bani at the gurdwara in the village of Pumba near Amritsar, where his maternal grandfather was employed as a rubabi. After three years in Pumba he lost interest and his father, Haji Raheem Buksh, took him to Goindwal, near the town of Taran Taaran. Here, he joined the Gaushala singing party that went from village to village to spread the message of cow protection.
Pre-partition.
Tufail lived in Goindwal for four years where he enjoyed listening to great performers at the chota mela' of Harballabh". Held every year, these performances influenced his decision to stay in Goindwal.
After leaving Goindwal, Tufail first became a “Raasdhari,” a street performer who drew large audiences with his combination of theater, narrative and songs, which often drew inspiration from the life of Lord Rama. Tufail then joined a traveling theater (“Nautanki”), and honed his theatrical and story telling skills by playing a hero in productions of famous Punjabi folk tales such as "Heer Ranjha", "Sohni Mahinwal", "Sassi Punnoo" and "Pooran Bhagat".
Post-partition.
At the time of the partition, Tufail, like all East Punjabi Muslims, was obliged to move from his ancestral lands. He relocated to Multan in Punjab, Pakistan, some 500 km west, where he opened a milk shop. Lacking instruments, Tufail abandoned his musical career for a time. In 1949 a Multan police inspector who had known Tufail in East Punjab, recognized him and decided to help. He acquired instruments from the state and organized a Mehfil for Tufail, which introduced him to the people in Multan. The inspector's intervention revived Tufail's career and he began to perform again.
Radio and TV career.
Tufail soon became well known in the cultural circles of Multan, and his success persisted. He started singing for Radio Pakistan and on November 26, 1964, the day Pakistan Television was inaugurated, was honored to be the first singer to perform. Tufail selected his famous song, “Laai beqadaran naal yaari te tut gai tarak kar ke,” for his landmark performance.
Tufail Niazi was not Niazi by caste. Aslam Azhar, then PTV's senior producer, gave him the name Tufail Niazi because Tufail had told him that his peer was Hazrat Pir Niaz Ali Shah. Before this, Tufail had been known simply as Tufail, Master Tufail, Mian Tufail or Tufail Multani. Later, under Uxi Mufti, he worked to set up and sustain the National Institute of Folk Heritage (Lok Virsa) in Islamabad. In recognition of his work, Tufail, received the Presidential Pride of Performance Award in 1983.
Death.
A stroke left Tufail debilitated and unable to perform. He died on September 21, 1990 in poverty, and was buried near Islamabad.
Musical Style.
Tufail Niazi was a folk musician deeply influenced by classical forms. His mastery of classical vocals, combined with a soulful melodic voice mesmerized audiences. The profound Punjabi Sufi elements in his storytelling, which was characteristic of his repertoire, together with his energetic singing while clothed in a lacha and a silk Kurta, created the impression of a performer for whom art was inseparable from life. His singing was often intensely moving, as when he sang about the lives of Punjabi epic lovers, most notably Heer Ranjha, richly evoking their anguish against the setting of a Punjabi rural social milieu.

</doc>
<doc id="19063619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063619" title="Huang Shiping">
Huang Shiping

Huang Shiping (Chinese: 黄世平; born 24 February 1963) is a male Chinese sports shooter. He won a bronze medal at 1984 Olympic Games in men's 50m running target. 4 years later, Huang won a silver medal at 1988 Seoul Olympics in the same event.

</doc>
<doc id="19063627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063627" title="Instant rebate">
Instant rebate

An instant rebate or sometimes instant savings, is a marketing strategy or gimmick in which a product is either advertised at a specific price, or at a discounted price, where the discount is applied at the time of purchase. For example, the store may advertise a widget for $9.99, but with a $5 "instant rebate", the price is $4.99. Or the product may be advertised as $4.99 with a $5 instant rebate. 
Instant rebates are different from a "standard" rebate. Under normal circumstances, a rebate is given to a customer who mails in a coupon along with proof of purchase, and is mailed a check by the manufacturer or the rebate processor. In the case of an instant rebate, the rebate is provided immediately, at the "instant" of purchase.
We can see instant rebate as a discount on a product. In accounting strategy the actual invoice will be less by the amount of the instant rebate that is given to the customer.
Then: 

</doc>
<doc id="19063633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063633" title="Colin Buchanan (bishop)">
Colin Buchanan (bishop)

Colin Ogilvie Buchanan (born 8 August 1934) is a retired Anglican bishop of the Church of England. Buchanan was the Bishop of Aston from 1985 until 1989 and then, after time as the Vicar of St Mark's Gillingham, Kent, the Bishop of Woolwich. 
Buchanan was educated at Whitgift School and Lincoln College, Oxford. Ordained in 1962 he was a curate in Cheadle, Greater Manchester, after which he was successively librarian, registrar and finally (before his ordination to the episcopate) principal of St John's College, Nottingham. He is married with two children and in retirement is an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of Bradford.

</doc>
<doc id="19063640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063640" title="1954 Cannes Film Festival">
1954 Cannes Film Festival

The 7th Cannes Film Festival was held on March 25 - April 9, 1954. The Grand Prize of the Festival went to the "Gate of Hell" by Teinosuke Kinugasa. The festival opened with "Le Grand Jeu" by Robert Siodmak.
Awards.
Grand Prize of the Festival.
"Gate of Hell" by Teinosuke Kinugasa
Jury Special Prize.
"Knave of Hearts" by René Clément
Special Award.
"From Here to Eternity" by Fred Zinnemann
Best Puppet Short Film.
"O Sklenicku Vic" by Břetislav Pojar
Best Fantastic-Poetic Film.
"The Pleasure Garden" by James Broughton
OCIC Award.
"Die Letzte Brücke" by Helmut Käutner

</doc>
<doc id="19063644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063644" title="Nikolai Yanushkevich">
Nikolai Yanushkevich

Nikolai Nikolaevich Yanushkevich () (1(13) March, 1868 — 1918) was a Russian General who served as Chief of Staff of the General Headquarters (Stavka) of the Imperial Russian Army from August 1914 to September 1915.
Biography.
A graduate of the Nikolaevskii Cadet Corp (1888) and Mikhailovskii Artillery School (1888), Yanushkevich was commissioned sub-lieutenant in the artillery of the Life Guards. He graduated from the Nikolaevskii General Staff Academy in 1896. Yanushkevich briefly served as a staff officer in the provinces before returning to the Life Guards as a company commander. From 1898 he served in a series of important administrative roles within the ministry of war, inc. Head of the Legislative Section of the Chancellery of the Minister of War (1905-1911) and Assistant Manager of the Chancellery of the Minister of War (1911-1913). Yanushkevich was appointed professor at the Nikolaevskii General Staff Academy (1910-1911) and became its head in 1913-14. He was appointed Chief of the General Staff in March 1914 and became Chief of Staff to the Supreme Commander in Chief, Grand Duke Nikolai Nikolaevich, at the outset of the war.
Yanushkevich was poorly qualified for the post of Chief of Staff. He had spent most of his career occupied by administrative duties in the Ministry of War. He had never held a field commission and his command experience was extremely limited, being confined to a short period as a company commander. Historian Norman Stone derisively describes Yanushkevich as a ‘clerk’.
The British military attaché to the Russian Army during the war claims that Yanushkevich owed his high position largely to his skills as a courtier and was rumoured to have found favour with the tsar when serving as a captain of the palace guard. Stone alternatively ascribes Yanushkevich’s position to War Minister V.A. Sukhomlinov’s practice of appointing officers unlikely to threaten his own position, and only for a short period of time, to the post of Chief of the General Staff – ‘was…chosen in the usual Sukhomlinov way to prevent anyone dangerous from taking over the job, and surviving in it from sheer force of characterlessness.’ Historian David R. Jones is less harsh in his assessment, pointing out that whatever his shortcomings Yanushkevich was a supply expert whose ideas were incorporated in the 1914 field regulations.
Yanushkevich apparently played only a minor role in the opening campaigns of the war. According to Stone both he and the Supreme Commander, Grand Duke Nikolai Nikolaevich, were mere figureheads - command of the Russian armies was effectively exercised by the ostensible third-in-command, Quartermaster-General Yu. N. Danilov, a close associate of Sukhomlinov. Danilov was supported by a staff of fifteen whereas Yanushkevich had a single adjutant and spent part of his time developing his taste for pornography. The deeply anti-semitic Yanushkevich did, however, play a leading role in the indiscriminate persecutions of Jews that accompanied the so-called “Great Retreat” of 1915.
Yanushkevich was dismissed from his post in September 1915 as Tsar Nicholas II took personally charge of the Russian armies with M.V. Alekseev as his Chief of Staff. At the insistence Grand Duke Nikolai Nikolaevich, Yanushkevich continued to serve as his chief-of-staff after the latter’s dismissal as Supreme Commander and appointment to the post of Viceroy of the Caucasus.
Retired from active service after the February Revolution, at the start of 1918 Yanushkevich was arrested in Mogilev and sent to Petrograd but was killed by his guards en route.

</doc>
<doc id="19063668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063668" title="IC 195">
IC 195

IC 195 is a galaxy. It is part of the Arp 290 pair of galaxies, with IC 196

</doc>
<doc id="19063669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063669" title="Jorge Alor">
Jorge Alor

Jorge Alor (born August 2, 1971 in Mexico City) is the founding editor of the magazines "Sputnik", "Atomix", "Sonika", as well as the founder of Mexican annual music festival, Manifest.
Editing Career.
Sputnik.
Sputnik is a full-color monthly Mexican magazine and an online periodical published in Mexico City, since 1998. Founded and published Jorge Alor. It reports on how technology affects culture, the economy and politics, in lesser words, digital culture.
Atomix.
Atomix is a full-color monthly Mexican magazine published in Mexico City, since 1999. Founded by Jorge Alor. It is a cult magazine for hard core gamers. First multiplatform videogame magazine in Mexico.
Sonika.
Sonika is a Mexican monthly music and entertainment magazine founded by Jorge Alor alongside Oscar Noriega, being first published on July 15, 2001. The magazine is known by its vulgar style used in most of their articles. However, despite the magazine style, the articles and sections provide accurate information which is often provided on the magazine's official website.
Manifest Music Fesitval.
Manifest is an annual music festival held in Mexico, starting out in 2001 as Sonika's one year anniversary and growing each year to what it is today.
Subte
The first versión of subte started out in 2006 (without the actual name), where 5 unsigned bands were on an online contest, and the winner got to be the starting act in Manifest. For 2007 the name subte came from "subterraneo" meaning underground in Spanish. With a jury of 5 of Mexicans in the music business chose five bands from every Mexican they have come across, and the winner by online voting gets to open for Manifest. All 5 bands benefit from all the press and hype Manifest has for them.

</doc>
<doc id="19063688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063688" title="Public Health Education and Health Promotion Section">
Public Health Education and Health Promotion Section

The Public Health Education and Health Promotion section, or PHEHP, is one of 25 primary sections and special interest groups within the American Public Health Association (APHA). 
PHEHP, with around 4,000 members, is the largest section of the Public Health association worldwide. Like all sections within APHA, PHEHP is governed by a group of elected volunteers who hold offices for terms of varying length. Section officers include a chair, chair-elect, secretary, secretary-elect and immediate past chair. In addition, section councilors and governing councilors represent the members and concerns of the section within the larger organization. Section committees, led by volunteers from the Section, are where much of the "work" of the Section is accomplished.

</doc>
<doc id="19063691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063691" title="Peoria Koshiba">
Peoria Koshiba

Peoria Koshiba (born June 27, 1979, in Ngerbeched, Koror) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Palau.
Koshiba represented Palau at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed eighth in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 13.18 seconds. She is currently serving as coach for young Palauns yearning to be track stars.

</doc>
<doc id="19063694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063694" title="Old St. Joseph's Cemetery">
Old St. Joseph's Cemetery

The Old St. Joseph's Cemetery is located at West Eight Street & Enright Avenue in the Price Hill neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio. The Cemetery was founded at West Eight Street & Enright Avenue, in 1843 by Rev. John Baptist Purcell, for both English & German speaking Catholics. The Irish section of St. Joseph Cemetery had reached its capacity after the cholera outbreak of 1849, the new cemetery was located two miles (3 km) west. The Germans remained and expanded the West Eight & Enright location.
The first burials were made in January 1843, when a child Joseph Menke and an adult John Herman Dornkamp were laid to rest. Each of the German RC churches had a section in the old cemetery and many of the older monument's inscriptions contain only German. 
The main gate is located near West Eighth and Seton Avenues 
References.
Cincinnati, a Guide to the Queen City and Its Neighbors, American Guide Series, The Weisen-Hart Press, May 1943, page 463

</doc>
<doc id="19063697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063697" title="Ramin Nasibov">
Ramin Nasibov


</doc>
<doc id="19063706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063706" title="Nick Nevern">
Nick Nevern

Nick Nevern is a British actor and director. His first television performance was in "Dream Team" as Pavel Kovac and has since appeared in several other shows such as "EastEnders", "Jonathan Creek", and "Shameless". In 2010 he appeared in two BBC dramas, "The Deep" and "The Silence". Nevern has also performed on stage, in plays such as "Strange Lands" in 2005.
He was the main character in the 2012 independent film "The Rise and Fall of a White Collar Hooligan" and in 2013 he wrote, directed and starred in Brit Flick "The Hooligan Factory".

</doc>
<doc id="19063738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063738" title="Buthaina Al-Yaqoubi">
Buthaina Al-Yaqoubi

Buthaina Al-Yaqoubi (born January 31, 1991) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Oman.
Al-Yaqoubi represented Oman at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed 9th in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 13.90 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19063748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063748" title="Le belle famiglie">
Le belle famiglie

Le belle famiglie ("Beautiful families") is a 1964 Italian comedy film directed by Ugo Gregoretti and starring Annie Girardot.
Plot.
The film's theme is four episodes in which it is offered to the public a glimpse into the lives of rich and poor families of Italy in the Sixties.
In the episode of Toto, the actor plays an old sick man who is assisted by his wife lovingly. This, however, has a relationship with the doctor of her husband. When both men, however, they discover that the woman betrays them with a third man, pretending to be seriously ill so that they do "assist" from wealthy woman.

</doc>
<doc id="19063763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063763" title="Afterschool Alliance">
Afterschool Alliance

The Afterschool Alliance is a nonpartisan nonprofit organization whose mission is "to ensure that all children have access to affordable, quality afterschool programs." It uses communications and advocacy strategies to try to increase public and private investments in afterschool programs. The Alliance serves as both a central resource center for after-school activity programs and as a public advocate.
History.
The Alliance was launched in September 1999 as an association of organizations with the collective goals of garnering awareness about the benefits of after school programs and seeking to achieve quality programs that provide opportunities for all children. It grew out of a public-private partnership between the Charles Stewart Mott Foundation and the U.S. Department of Education as an effort to expand after school programs through the 21st Century Community Learning Centers. The Alliance was formally incorporated as a nonprofit in 2000 by the Mott Foundation, J.C. Penney, the Open Society Institute, The After-School Corporation, the Entertainment Industry Foundation and the Creative Artists Agency Foundation.
Programs.
"Afterschool for All Challenge".
The "Afterschool for All Challenge" is a conference held in Washington, D.C. for youth, staff, and other individuals involved in afterschool programs. The event brings together hundreds of afterschool supporters (staff, parents, youth, agency and community leaders) in Washington, D.C. for networking, training, meetings with Congressional offices and a special recognition of state and Congressional afterschool leaders. Previous Congressional Champions honored at the event have included: Representatives Nita Lowey (D-NY), Patrick Kennedy (D-RI), Phil Hare (D-IL) and Bobby Scott (D-VA), and Senators Barbara Boxer (D-CA), Dick Durbin (D-IL), Thad Cochran (R-MS), Christopher Dodd (D-CT), John Ensign (R-NV), Johnny Isakson (R-GA), Ben Nelson (D-NE), Jack Reed (R-RI) and Arlen Specter (D-PA). In 2009, U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan spoke about the important role of community organizations and afterschool in supporting students. Maggie Daley, Chair of After School Matters, was honored for her efforts to provide quality afterschool opportunities for older youth, and Members of Congress and state leaders from California, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, New York and Ohio were recognized. In 2010, the Afterschool for All Challenge will be held from April 19–21 in conjunction with the National After School Association’s annual Convention and the National League of Cities' biannual Afterschool Summit.'
Lights On Afterschool.
"Lights On Afterschool" is a nationwide rally to draw attention to the importance of afterschool programs and to highlight their importance to children, families and communities. Each year, more than one million people attend over 7,500 events. "Lights On Afterschool" is covered in every major media market in the country and in thousands of news clips. "Lights On Afterschool" events give student participants in afterschool programs a chance to show off the skills that they have learned in their respective programs and to demonstrate the need for further support of such programming.
In 2001, Arnold Schwarzenegger became Honorary Chair of the event. 
For the past two years, the Empire State Building in New York City has featured yellow lights on the evening of "Lights on Afterschool" in honor of the cause. 
In 2008, Afterschool Alliance replaced its former "Lights on Afterschool" incandescent lightbulb symbol with a CFL (compact fluorescent lamp) to support energy efficient habits.
"Afterschool for All".
"Afterschool for All" is a national petition in support of afterschool programs stating that all children and youth should have access to quality, affordable afterschool programs. Roughly 19,000+ individuals and organizations have signed on. Among the partners are governors, mayors and law enforcement leaders, and others who support the cause of afterschool programs. Examples of entities that have signed on include: the YMCA of the USA, the NAACP, the National Council of La Raza, the National PTA, the National League of Cities, AARP, 100 Women in Hedge Funds, Time Warner, IBM, the NBA, NFL, MLB, NHL and the US Conference of Mayors.
"Afterschool Ambassadors".
Afterschool Ambassadors are trained to act as spokespeople on the issue of afterschool programming. Participants in the program learn about communications and advocacy in order to act as liaisons to their respective communities. The Ambassadors also receive media training. Afterschool Ambassadors share their experiences and their education and serve as local representatives of the issue of afterschool.

</doc>
<doc id="19063772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063772" title="UGC 1432">
UGC 1432

UGC 1432 or Arp 56 is a 15th magnitude spiral galaxy approximately 360 million light years distant in the constellation Aries. It is around 100 thousand light years across, similar in size to the Milky Way Galaxy. Arp 56 is characterised by the presence of a small, bright companion galaxy with which it may be interacting.

</doc>
<doc id="19063789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063789" title="751 Squadron (Portugal)">
751 Squadron (Portugal)

The 751 Squadron "Pumas" ("Esquadra 751") is a helicopter squadron of the Portuguese Air Force. It is part of "Grupo Operacional" 61 and it is located in Air Force Base No. 6 (, BA6), Montijo, south of Lisbon. It operates the AgustaWestland AW101 Merlin. 751 Squadron moto is ""Para que outros vivam"" (That others may live) and their crews have rescued 2851 people since 1978.
History.
1978-2006.
The 751 Squadron was created in April 29, 1978, operating 4 SA 330 Puma helicopters. At the time, its Primary Mission was Search and Rescue and the Secondary Missions were Tactical and General Air Transport. The SA 330 Puma operated had been previously employed in the Portuguese Colonial War and after the war end were adapted to a new role. These changes made the helicopters able to perform the required Search and Rescue Missions in the Portuguese Search and Rescue areas of responsibility. To execute these missions a crew of five and a helicopter were in a 24h alert at Air Force Base nº6. In the 1990s a permanent detachment, the Madeira Air Detachment starts operations from Porto Santo airport. This detachment also had a crew and a helicopter on a 24h alert to execute Search and Rescue operations, and has as its secondary mission the execution of tactical and general air transport operations.
2006-Today.
In 2005 the 751 Squadron started to operate the AgustaWestland AW101 Merlin, the SA 330 replacement. In February 11, 2005 the first two Merlins arrived at Portugal. After the crew's conversion to the new helicopter, the AW101 Merlin started its operational activity in Air Base nº6 on 3 February 2006 and in Madeira Air detachment on the 22nd of the same month. This aircraft upgrade allowed the 751 Squadron to be fitted with the latest helicopter technology, increasing the operational range from 200NM to 400NM. After the introduction of the Merlin in the Portuguese Air Force there were major changes in the Portuguese Search and Rescue assets. On 30 November 2005, the Azores Air Detachement was created, operating from Air Base nº4 (BA4), from Lajes, Azores. This detachment comprises two helicopters and two crews, having one of the crews on a 24h permanent alert.
Since its activation the 751 Squadron has flown a total of more than 40 000 hours, 10 000 hours of those with the Merlins.
The 751 Squadron in Portugal's SAR organization.
Organized Search and Rescue services were created from the need that countries had to provide a Search and Rescue service, maritime and aeronautical, to all craft that enter their areas of responsibility. The existence of a SAR organization in a country creates a safer environment to the maritime and aeronautical industry, allowing the development of these industries and consequently their economic growth. Portugal, being a country with a long maritime history, has a long tradition in providing SAR services. The Portuguese Search and Rescue Region (SRR) is the second largest in the world, being second only to the Canadian SRR and it has an area of 5 million square kilometers. The Portuguese SRR coincides with Lisbon and Santa Maria Flight Information Regions (FIR). SAR responsibility in Portugal is shares between the Portuguese Air Force, the Portuguese Navy and the Civil Protection National Authority, all working in cooperation.
The Portuguese SAR military operational control is comprised by:
It is in this control structure that the 751 Squadron is included, with one AW101 Merlin alert helicopter in Montijo Air Force Base, one AW101 Merlin alert helicopter in Support Aerodrome nº3 in Porto Santo (Madeira archipelago) and two AW101 Merlin helicopters in Lajes Air Force Base nº4 (Azores archipelago). The Portuguese Air Force also provides other air assets to the SAR organization, including P-3, C-130, C-295, Falcon 50 fixed wing aircraft and Allouette III helicopters. Despite the large national SAR area of responsibility, the 751 Squadron has provided SAR support to neighboring countries, performing rescue missions in both Spanish and Moroccan Search and Rescue Regions.
SAR Crew.
The SAR crew in the Portuguese AW101 Merlin comprises:
If needed, a specialized medical team may be taken on board during any SAR mission.
Assigned Missions.
The 751 Squadron is responsible for the following missions:
Notable Missions.
SA 330 Puma.
Performed with the SA 330, the assembling of a very large antenna (283 meters) in the town of Muge, the placement of the power lines to the village of S. Romão in Serra da Estrela, the installation of Bugio's lighthouse dome in 1981, as well as 163 missions during the Tejo river floods in 1979 and 1983 totaling 255 flight hours, 1386 people evacuated and 11.244 kg of cargo air lifted. Support was also provided during the rescue operations following the Portuguese biggest train accident - in Alcafache - in September 11, 1985, were several injured people were transported to Viseu, Oporto and Lisbon hospitals. Search and Rescue missions include the winching of 15 sailors during the shipwreck of the ship "Angel del Mar" and the winching of 17 sailors from the ship "Bolman III", on January 10, 1994. On Christmas Eve of 2000, one SA 330 rescued 22 sailors from the ship "Coral Bunker" that ran ashore in Viana do Castelo. This was, until now, the mission where more people were rescue during a single sortie. VIP missions include the transport of Pope John Paul II on his three visits to Portugal.
AW-101 Merlin.
In 2010, the transport of Pope Benedict XVI in his first visit to Portugal. 
The 751 Squadron was in different occasions, requested to provide support to neighbouring countries, such as Spain and Morocco. As an example, the support provided during the rescue of the sailors of the sunk "MV KEA", 180NM off the coast of Galiza, Spain, in March 2010. The crew that performed this mission was later awarded, by SASEMAR (the Spanish agency responsible for the Search and Rescue services in Spain) the "Ancla de Plata" award, an annual prize that intends to congratulate crews and people that contribute to SAR or Anti-pollution missions. In December 2011, the 6 missing fishermen from the fishing vessel "Virgem do Sameiro" were located and rescue by one of the 751 helicopters, north of Figueira da Foz. Their ship had sunk 3 days before and the fishermen had been adrift in a life raft.
Aircraft.
The 751 Squadron operates 12 AW101 Merlin helicopters in 3 different versions. 6 SAR helicopters, 2 SIFICAP helicopters and 4 CSAR helicopters.

</doc>
<doc id="19063823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063823" title="Ivan Kovalev (actor)">
Ivan Kovalev (actor)

Ivan Vladimirovich Kovalev (; born January 4, 1969) is a Russian-American actor and producer.
Ivan Kovalev was born in Moscow, USSR and studied in the Theater of the Soviet Army before moving to the United States in the 1990s.
He has worked as a producer with Russian-American director Georgiy Gavrilov in his "Spy Games" film series with Igor Kostolevsky. He has appeared twice on screen: as a silent cook in the 2004 film (Spy Games: the Illegal) and as Oligarch Svyatsky in the 2008 film (Spy Games: The Private Visit).
[http://www.imdb.com/name/nm2343483/]-IMDB page.

</doc>
<doc id="19063833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063833" title="Ugo Gregoretti">
Ugo Gregoretti

Ugo Gregoretti (born 28 September 1930) is an Italian film, television and stage director, actor, screenwriter, author and television host. He has directed 20 films since 1956. 
Born in Rome, Gregoretti entered RAI in 1953, working as a documentarist and a director. In 1960 he won the Premio Italia Award for the television documentary "La Sicilia del Gattopardo". In 1962 he made his film debut with the comedy-drama "I nuovi angeli". He was president of the Turin Permanent Theatre from 1980 to 1989 and in 1995 he was nominated president of the Accademia Nazionale di Arte Drammatica Silvio D'Amico. In 2010 he was awarded with a special Lifetime Nastro d'Argento for his career.

</doc>
<doc id="19063839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063839" title="Camilli">
Camilli

Camilli is an Italian surname, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19063848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063848" title="Keyeno Thomas">
Keyeno Thomas

His previous clubs include San Juan Jabloteh in Trinidad and Tobago and Colorado Rapids in the United States.
Thomas has played many matches for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19063851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063851" title="Durba">
Durba

Durba (Oromo: "virgin"; also Derba) is a town in central Ethiopia. Located in the Oromia Special Zone Surrounding Finfinne, about 70km north of Addis Ababa, this town has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 2450 meters above sea level. The town sits above the canyon of the Muger River, near the largest falls of the Muger.
Durba is important for being one of the major sites for the production of cement in Ethiopia. In 2006, the Muger Cement Factory plant announced it would expand its facilities. In 2008, Mohammed Al-Amoudi's Derba Midroc Cement company announced it would establish its own cement factory 8km from Durba.
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, Durba has an estimated total population of 2,188 of whom 1,053 were men and 1,135 were women. The 1994 census reported this town had a total population of 1,225 of whom 571 were men and 654 were women. It is one of six towns in Mulona Sululta woreda.

</doc>
<doc id="19063852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063852" title="Jay Tischfield">
Jay Tischfield

Jay Tischfield (born June 15,1946) is MacMillan Professor II and the Founding Chair of the Department of Genetics at Rutgers University. He is currently Director of the Human Genetics Institute of New Jersey.
He also is the CEO and scientific director of the Rutgers University Cell & DNA Repository, the largest university-based repository in the world. Tischfield has four U.S patents to his name.
Education and career.
Professor Tischfield obtained his bachelor’s degree in biology in 1967 at the City University of New York, Brooklyn College. He finished his master’s degree in biology at Yale University in 1969, where he received his PhD in 1973.
At Yale, Tischfield worked on mapping human genes to chromosomes. He used mice-man somatic cell hybridization to find out which genes are on which chromosomes. He identified the gene for indophenol oxidase in mammals.
Later, this gene was identified by researchers from Duke University as the gene coding for the enzyme superoxide dismutase, which is involved in Down syndrome and some cases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease).
Professor Tischfield is a diplomate of the American Board of Medical Genetics in PhD Medical Genetics and Clinical Molecular Genetics. He is a Founding Fellow of the American College of Medical Genetics. 
Professor Tischfield’s research at Rutgers University focuses on the genetic basis of complex diseases that are caused by a number of genes, and often triggered by environmental causes. Tischfield’s lab investigates alcohol addiction and dihydroxyadenine urolithiasis and cystinuria, kidney diseases characterized by severe kidney stones. The laboratory has developed knockout mouse models for both kidney stone diseases and is developing therapies.
Another research area is focused on loss of heterozygosity, a side effect of DNA-repair and recombination. Via this mechanism, tumor suppressor genes can be deactivated, leading to cancer. 
Tischfield’s group uses population studies to find genes that are involved in diseases, using samples from the Rutgers University Cell & DNA Repository. In the past, the Repository contributed samples to a research project concerning the genetic causes of progeria. This study revealed that progeria patients have a defect in the Lamin A gene on chromosome 1. The discovery led to a clinical drug trial with a farnesyl transferase inhibitor, that started in May 2007.
In recent years Tischfield's research has turned to the genetic basis neuropsychaitric disorders such as autism and Tourette syndrome, two disorders on which he has coauthored publications.
Professor Tischfield's role has extended from science to University and New Jersey State politics and in 2011 NJBIZ listed Tischfield as being the 85th most powerful person in New Jersey business because of his political influence.
Personal.
Tischfield is married and has three sons, all involved in biological science research. The oldest has completed his PhD in neuroscience, his middle son is working on his PhD in computational biology, while the youngest is completing an MD-PhD in neuroscience Jay Tischfield is also a big fan of Donald Duck.
During his time as an undergraduate student, Tischfield was interested in marine biology, but events led to studying yeast genetics instead. During that time, he took on scuba diving, and is an experienced diver today.
His other hobbies include building computers, photography and auto racing.

</doc>
<doc id="19063859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063859" title="Bowler (surname)">
Bowler (surname)

Bowler is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19063862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063862" title="Zhang Bing">
Zhang Bing

Zhang Bing (Chinese: 张冰; born 6 January 1969) is a male Chinese sports shooter. He competed at the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games, and won a bronze medal in men's double trap.

</doc>
<doc id="19063869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063869" title="Sadaf Siddiqui">
Sadaf Siddiqui

Sadaf Siddiqui (born August 27, 1985) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Pakistan.
Siddiqui represented Pakistan at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed seventh in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 12.41 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19063879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063879" title="Benedikt Kögl">
Benedikt Kögl

Benedikt Kögl (12 March 1891, city unknown, Germany- 29 April 1973 Munich, Germany) was a German artist and the elder brother of Albert Kögl. Benedikt was a miniaturist painter, working in oil, with cats and still lifes his main subjects. Some of his works were less than one inch square. His work is actively traded today in several galleries in the US and Germany.
After World War I, Benedikt helped Albert immigrate to the US on the condition that Albert would not work as a professional artist. Benedikt felt that having two Kögls in the art world would make it financially difficult for both of them to make a living.

</doc>
<doc id="19063900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063900" title="Zeppelin-Staaken">
Zeppelin-Staaken

Zeppelin-Staaken (sometimes Zeppelin Werke Staaken or Zeppelin-Werke GmbH) was a German aircraft manufacturer originally located in Gotha. The company built the largest aircraft in World War I, the "Riesenflugzeug" (giant aircraft).

</doc>
<doc id="19063904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063904" title="Yigal Hurvitz">
Yigal Hurvitz

Yigal Hurvitz ( 1918 – 10 January 1994) was an Israeli politician who served as a government minister in the late 1970s and 1980s.
Biography.
Hurvitz was born in Nahlat Yehuda (today part of Rishon LeZion) in 1918. Between 1938 and 1941 he was a member of the secretariat of HaNoar HaOved VeHaLomed, and served in the Jewish Brigade during World War II. In 1961 he joined Mapai and became a member of the party's central committee. He also served as a member of the Moshavim Movement's secretariat between 1961 and 1965.
In 1965 he joined David Ben-Gurion's new Rafi party, and followed Ben-Gurion to the new National List in 1969. In that year he was elected to the Knesset on the party's list. Following its merger into the new Likud alliance in 1973, Hurvitz was re-elected on Likud's list. He was re-elected in 1977, and was appointed Minister of Industry & Tourism, a role he held until October 1978. In November 1979 he was appointed Minister of Finance, but left the cabinet again on 13 January 1981. On 26 January he and two other Likud MKs broke away from the Likud to form Rafi – National List. On 19 May he left the new faction to join Moshe Dayan's Telem. 
After being placed third on Telem's list, he lost his seat in the 1981 elections when the party won only two seats. However, following Dayan's death in October 1981, Hurvitz re-entered the Knesset as his replacement. In June 1983 he left Telem and re-formed Rafi – National List. Shortly before the 1984 elections he renamed it Ometz (lit. "Courage").
Although the party won only a single seat in the elections (taken by Hurvitz), it joined the national unity government, and Hurvitz was appointed Minister without Portfolio, a role he held until 1988. In 1987 he re-joined Likud. He won re-election on Likud's list in the 1988 elections, but lost his seat in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19063921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063921" title="Sphere of influence (astronomy)">
Sphere of influence (astronomy)

The sphere of influence is a region around a supermassive black hole in which the gravitational potential of the black hole dominates the gravitational potential of the host galaxy. The radius of the sphere of influence is called the "(gravitational) influence radius".
There are two definitions in common use for the radius of the sphere of influence. The first is given by
formula_1
where MBH is the mass of the black hole, "σ" is the stellar velocity dispersion of the host bulge, and "G" is the gravitational constant. 
The second definition is the radius at which the enclosed mass in stars equals twice MBH, i.e.
formula_2.
Which definition is most appropriate depends on the physical question that is being addressed. The first definition takes into account the bulge's overall effect on the motion of a star, since formula_3 is determined in part by stars that have moved far from the black hole. The second definition compares the force from the black hole to the local force from the stars.
It is a minimum requirement that the sphere of influence be well resolved in order that the mass of the black hole be determined dynamically.
Rotational influence sphere.
If the black hole is rotating, there is a second radius of influence associated with the rotation. This is the radius inside of which the Lense-Thirring torques from the black hole are larger than the Newtonian torques between stars. Inside the rotational influence sphere, stellar orbits precess at approximately the Lense-Thirring rate; while outside this sphere, orbits evolve predominantly in response to perturbations from stars on other orbits. Assuming that the Milky Way black hole is maximally rotating, its rotational influence radius is about 0.001 parsec, while its radius of gravitational influence is about 3 parsecs.

</doc>
<doc id="19063925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063925" title="Nicolás Rodríguez Peña">
Nicolás Rodríguez Peña

Nicolás Rodriguez Peña (Buenos Aires 1775 – Santiago de Chile; 1853) was an Argentine politician. Born in Buenos Aires in April 1775, he worked in commerce which allowed him to amass a considerable fortune. Among his several successful businesses, he had a soap factory partnership with Hipólito Vieytes, which was a center of conspirators during the revolution against Spanish rule. In 1805 he was a member of the "Independence Lodge", a masonic lodge, along with other prominent revolutionary patriots such as Juan José Castelli and Manuel Belgrano. This group used to meet in his ranch, then situated in what today is Rodriguez Peña square in Buenos Aires.
He was a member of the local militia in the British invasions of the Río de la Plata (1806 and 1807), and after taking part as promoter and financier of the May Revolution, he collaborated in the formation of the Primera Junta. Was secretary to Castelli, and went with him in the liberation army's expedition to Córdoba, where he authorized the death by firing squad of the previous viceroy Santiago de Liniers. After fighting at the Battle of Suipacha he entered Upper Peru, where he was for a short time governor of La Paz.
Returning to Buenos Aires in February, he took the place of Mariano Moreno at the First Junta (""Primera Junta""). He was deposed by the revolution of April 1811 and confined to San Juan Province. Rodiguez Peña returned later the same year to Buenos Aires, returning to commerce once again. He joined the Logia Lautaro, directed by Carlos María de Alvear. Due to the revolution of October 1812, he was elected member of the Second Triumvirate, a government just created by the Constitutional Congress.
When the Triumvirate was dissolved, the Supreme Director, Gervasio Antonio de Posadas, selected him to preside the State Council (""Consejo de Estado""). He was also assigned as a colonel in the army. In 1814 he was named first governor delegate of the Eastern Province (present-day Uruguay), a post he held for only a short time.
After the fall of Director Alvear, he was charged, judged, and exiled, and was allowed to live in San Juan. In 1816 he went back to Buenos Aires, but the new Supreme Director, Juan Martín de Pueyrredón, forced him to return to exile in San Juan where he helped José de San Martín organize the Army of the Andes for the crossing into Chile.
After the Battle of Chacabuco he self-exiled himself in Santiago de Chile, where he remained until his death in December 1853. His remains were interred in La Recoleta Cemetery in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="19063926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063926" title="Daniel O'Neill (editor)">
Daniel O'Neill (editor)

Daniel O'Neill immigrated to the United States from Ireland in 1851, settling in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He became editor and owner of the "Pittsburgh Dispatch" newspaper along with his brother Eugene M. O'Neill. O'Neill served several terms on the Pittsburgh City Council.
Early life.
Daniel, born Daniel O'Connell O'Neill, at Cloughbawn, County Wexford, Ireland on New Year's Day, 1830. His father, Mr. Hugh O'Neill, was principal of a school there. His mother was Kate (Navin) O'Neill. He was the eldest of twelve children.
O'Neill's interest in journalism began at an early age and he was a contributor to the "Wexford Independent".
Newspaper career.
O'Neill emigrated to the United States in 1851 and settled in Pittsburgh. His first job was as a reporter with the "Pittsburgh Dispatch" newspaper, then owned by Colonel J. Heron Foster. After five year with the "Dispatch", O'Neill took a job as the editor of the rival newspaper, the "Chronicle". When the American Civil War broke out he covered the news for the "Chronicle" as a war correspondent.
Returning to Pittsburgh after the war, O'Neill purchased a share in the "Dispatch" Over time he and his brother Eugene M O'Neill eventually acquired full control of the "Dispatch" and Daniel acted as business manager and editor. Perhaps his impact at the paper can be summed up by comments which appeared at the time of his death;
In addition to his activities with the newspaper, O'Neill served several terms in the Pittsburgh City Council and was a member of the Electoral College of Pennsylvania.
Family.
Daniel O'Neill was first married to Mary O'Neill, daughter of James O'Neill and Rebecca Burchell on 12 April 1853. They had a child, George, born in 1860. He was next married to Emma Seely (1851–1910). Together they had two children, Florence O'Neill, a writer and composer who eventually joined his father managing the "Dispatch" who married Elizabeth Watson McKay, and Francis O'Neill, grandfather of Emily Davies Vanderbilt.
Shortly after his death, Daniel's wife Emma married his brother Eugene M O'Neill.
Death and Burial.
About a year before his death, O'Neill completed construction of the family home called "Linden House" located on the corner of Penn Avenue and Linden Street in Pittsburgh. He died on 30 January 1877 and is interred at the Allegheny Cemetery in Pittsburgh.
Memorial.
At O'Neill's gravesite is a memorial statue showing him sitting at an editor's desk honoring his long career as a Pittsburgh newspaperman.

</doc>
<doc id="19063927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063927" title="Xiao Jun">
Xiao Jun

Xiao Jun (Chinese: 肖俊; born 31 August 1972) is a male Chinese sport shooter. He competed at the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games, and won a silver medal in Men's 10 m Running Target.

</doc>
<doc id="19063932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063932" title="Picard (name)">
Picard (name)

Picard is a surname meaning a person from Picardy, a historical region and cultural area of France.

</doc>
<doc id="19063954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063954" title="Menhaj Huda">
Menhaj Huda

Menhaj Huda (born 20 March 1967) is a Bangladesh-born British film and television director and producer.
Career.
Huda's first directing job was the 1993 television series "Hypnosis". He directed "Jump Boy" in 1999, which won an award for 'Best Feature Film' at the Mediawave awards.
Other directing credits include "Queer as Folk 2", "Is Harry on the Boat?", "Murphy's Law", "Murder in Mind", "The Bill", "Blue Murder" and "HolbyBlue".
Huda produced as well as directed "Kidulthood" and "West 10 LDN", both written by Noel Clarke. Huda won the 'Douglas Hickox Award' at the 2006 British Independent Film Awards.
His horror film "Comedown" which stars Martin Compston, Adam Deacon, Geoff Bell, Red Madrell and Duane Henry, was filmed in 2010 in London. His "spiritual follow-up" to "Kidulthood", Everywhere and Nowhere, based around the London DJ scene, was released in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19063958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063958" title="Wan Kin Yee">
Wan Kin Yee

Wan Kin Yee (; born July 20, 1975) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Hong Kong.
Wan represented Hong Kong at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed sixth in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 12.37 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19063968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063968" title="New Sudan Education Initiative">
New Sudan Education Initiative

The New Sudan Education Initiative (NESEI) is a non-profit organization based in Colchester, Vermont in the United States, which is building secondary schools (high schools) throughout South Sudan, a region affected by war for nearly half a century. It was founded in January 2006 by Atem Deng, a former Sudanese refugee, and Robert Lair, a social entrepreneur and educator. The organization was created after a Comprehensive Peace Agreement was signed in 2005, bringing the conflict in southern Sudan to an official close. The CPA created a critical opportunity for development to take place in this region. In 2004, Deng and Lair asked Sudanese they met at refugee camps throughout East Africa what was most needed in their homeland. "Education" was the resounding answer they received. South Sudan currently suffers from some of the worst education access rates in the world. Female illiteracy hovers above 93%, and only 5% of young people graduate from high school. It was from these discussions with Sudanese refugees that they developed NESEI. The organization opened its first school in May 2008, near the town of Yei, and it currently plans to build 20 schools throughout South Sudan.
History and present activities.
NESEI was first conceived in January 2004, on a plane ride from East Africa to Vermont, when Robert Lair, a faculty member at Saint Michael's College, and Atem Deng, a former Sudanese refugee and student at the University of Vermont, decided that they needed to make an impact in Southern Sudan, after witnessing the poor living conditions and lack of education opportunities affecting Sudanese in refugee camps across East Africa. They formulated a plan to work with the large Sudanese diaspora population in the Burlington, VT area and throughout the United States to bring diaspora-initiated education opportunities to Sudan. Together, they founded an organization, named the New Sudan Education Initiative (NESEI), through which they planned to provide an education for young people throughout Southern Sudan who lacked education opportunities, including former child soldiers, young women, Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs), and other groups who had been most adversely affected in the decades-long war there. 
Over the next few years, their organization evolved into a plan to provide secondary education to 20,000 Southern Sudanese children and to build 20 schools throughout the region. Their first school, The New Sudan School of Health Sciences, opened on May 19, 2008, with an initial class of 75 young women.
NESEI has evolved into an organization that has as its priority the incorporation of sustainable economic and environmental practices at its school campus. To achieve this goal, they have instituted social business practices that include agriculturally-based income generating projects that provide food to the campus and broader community. Additionally, the school plans to replace the generators which currently power the school with solar panels, increasing environmental and economic sustainability.
Future plans.
NESEI's school plans to expand to over 100 students in 2009. NESEI also plans to open an agriculture program within the next year at the same location, which will teach students agricultural practices in an 'interactive classroom' on the school farm. As part of their studies, students will grow and learn about food at the farm, helping to support their campus and the surrounding communities.
NESEI plans to open schools throughout South Sudan. These schools will combine a standard high school curriculum, as well as specialized vocational courses, which will provide training to young Sudanese in specific occupations which are in high demand and low supply throughout South Sudan, including Health Sciences, Agriculture, Computer Technology, and Business.
Philosophical guidelines.
Although NESEI is currently a traditional non-profit organization, and receives most of its funding from private donors, it operates under the belief that a sustainable business model is one which will be most able to create a lasting and scalable impact. It believes that there is much to learn from the social entrepreneur movement, and plans to become a social business in the future, which will no longer have to rely on donations for its funding. It plans to become sustainable through charging a small tuition to its more affluent students, and by utilizing income-generating projects in its schools. The projects will include activities in each school, with examples being small agricultural plots and animal husbandry. This will provide food for the school, teach students valuable skills, and supply the local community with reasonably priced and fresh products.

</doc>
<doc id="19063981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063981" title="Boogami">
Boogami

Boogami is a search engine that was developed by James Wildish, a sixteen-year-old college student from Kent in United Kingdom. Prior to launch James, gained a partnership with Yahoo, to reduce server loads by using their search feed, as the operational costs of running his own web spider were too high.
With the media attention and Boogami at its peak, on the first day of launch Boogami sold £5000 worth of advertising and was growing fast. 
On launch James appeared on BBC, ITV, Local Radio and Press articles. However due to media attention and the surge of traffic, the servers crashed for a couple of hours. Now every search term returns: "Your Search produced No Results". On asking why the website was no longer operational, James said 'He had gained great experience from the project however wanted to move on to bigger brighter things in the years ahead'.
Boogami Life.
In November 2008, James launched Boogami Life, a social networking site with a number of unique features. Businesses would be able to promote themselves by messaging all members of Boogami Life, providing an extremely powerful marketing tool. Boogami Life would actively participate and raise money for good causes and people could make direct appeals to all members to help find missing persons. Members would also be provided with opportunities to make money through a number of income streams as membership grows.

</doc>
<doc id="19063992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063992" title="Tennessee marble">
Tennessee marble

Tennessee marble is a type of crystalline limestone found primarily in East Tennessee, in the southeastern United States. Long esteemed by architects and builders for its pinkish-gray color and the ease with which it is polished, this stone has been used in the construction of numerous notable buildings and monuments throughout the United States and Canada, including the National Gallery of Art and the National Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C., as well as parts of the United States Capitol in Washington, Grand Central Terminal in New York, and Union Station in Toronto. Tennessee marble achieved such popularity in the late-19th century that Knoxville, the stone's primary finishing and distribution center, became known as "The Marble City."
While Tennessee marble is not true marble, its crystalline nature lends it a strong resemblance to marble, especially when polished. The stone occurs in belts of Ordovician-period rocks known as the Holston Formation, and is quarried primarily in Knox, Blount, Loudon, Union, and Hawkins counties. While pink is the most well-known Tennessee marble color, the stone also occurs in gray, dark brown ("cedar"), and variegated shades.
The use of Tennessee marble declined after World War II, when cheaper building materials became widely available. There are currently only six active Tennessee marble quarries, all operated by the Tennessee Marble Company. The stone has most recently been used in the floor of the United States Capitol Visitor Center, and for the 170-ton "First Amendment" tablet that adorns the facade of Washington's Newseum.
Geology.
Occurrence.
Tennessee marble is found in the Appalachian Ridge-and-Valley Province, a series of alternating elongate ridges and valleys that lie between the Blue Ridge Mountains and the Cumberland Plateau. The Holston Formation, in which Tennessee marble is found, occurs in a series of belts that follow the natural folds and faults of the Ridges-and-Valleys. While these belts can be up to long, they are rarely more than a few miles wide. In 1911, the Tennessee State Geological Survey identified six primary Holston Formation belts containing Tennessee marble: the Luttrell, Black Oak, Concord, Knoxville, Bays Mountain, and French Broad belts. A seventh belt, the Galbraith in Hawkins County, is considered an extension of the Black Oak. 
The Luttrell belt, the westernmost of the Holston Formation belts, stretches along Copper Ridge from Beaver Creek in Fountain City northeast to Galbraith Springs (about west of Rogersville) in Hawkins County. The Black Oak belt stretches along Black Oak Ridge from Monroe County to the Corryton area in north Knox County. The Concord belt, one of the most heavily quarried, stretches from Sweetwater through Knox County to Strawberry Plains. The Knoxville belt, also heavily quarried, stretches from southeast of Sweetwater to Ruggles Ferry (east of Knoxville) in Knox. The Bays Mountain belt is found along the southwestern end of Bays Mountain in south Knox County, and stretches into northern Blount County. The French Broad belt is a u-shaped belt found at the confluence of the French Broad and Holston rivers ("Forks-of-the-River").
Lithology.
While true marble is metamorphic, Tennessee marble is sedimentary, and is therefore classified as limestone. Tennessee marble was formed from the accumulation of bryozoan and other primordial marine lifeforms 460 million years ago, during the Ordovician period. Even when polished, Tennessee marble retains a fossiliferous texture, with bryozoan and crinoid fossils being among the most commonly found. A noticeable feature of Tennessee marble is the presence of jagged horizontal gray or black lines, or "stylolites." Known as "crowfeet" by quarrymen, these form from residual insoluble materials left over from the natural limestone dissolution processes.
The most well-known shades of Tennessee marble are pink, gray, and cedar, but it also is found in blue, yellow, and cream shades. Along with its aesthetic colors, builders preferred the stone for its durability, the ease with which it is polished, and the fact that the stone is virtually impervious to stains. Tennessee marble is also easily converted into lime, and mid-20th century lime companies occasionally erected kilns near defunct quarries for this purpose.
Quarrying and production history.
The first major Tennessee marble quarrying operations took place in Hawkins County in 1838, when blocks were cut for use in the United States Capitol in Washington. While there was demand for Tennessee marble, the industry was slow to develop due to difficulty in transporting the blocks from the remote quarry locations. The construction of railroads in East Tennessee during the 1850s provided a convenient mode of shipping the quarried blocks out of the region, but the outbreak of the Civil War again halted the industry's development. 
After the war, Knoxville's economic promoters consistently extolled the qualities of Tennessee marble. In his 1862 work, "Parson Brownlow's Book", Knoxville newspaper editor William G. Brownlow mentioned the "beautiful varieties of marble" found in East Tennessee. In an 1869 speech before the Knoxville Industrial Association, attorney Oliver Perry Temple argued that marble "lies all around Knoxville," and could provide wealth "sufficient to pay our State debt." During the following decade, the Baltimore-based W.H. Evans Company and the locally-headquartered John J. Craig Company established thriving quarrying operations in the region. 
By 1882, eleven quarries were in operation in Knox County alone. By 1890, twenty-two quarries and three finishing mills were in operation in Knox County, including the massive Evans mill near what is now Lonsdale. In 1892, the Tennessee marble industry generated more than one million dollars in corporate profits, and employed over a thousand workers. By the early 20th century, East Tennessee was second only to Vermont as the nation's leading marble-producing region. While best known for its use in building and monument construction, nearly 80% of the Tennessee marble quarried during this period was used in furniture and interior decoration.
The Great Depression in the 1930s brought about a collapse in the demand for Tennessee marble, and numerous producers were forced into bankruptcy. Companies that survived shifted away from quarrying and focused more and more on fabricating imported marble. As of 2010, only one company, the Tennessee Marble Company, was conducting major Tennessee marble quarrying operations. 
Notable Tennessee marble producers.
The following companies, most of which operated in the late-19th and early-20th centuries, were involved in the production of Tennessee marble. Some focused solely on quarrying, some focused solely on carving and finishing, and some were involved in both. Most of the finishing companies used both Tennessee marble and marble imported from Europe and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="19063994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063994" title="Zalig Zijn De Armen Van Geest">
Zalig Zijn De Armen Van Geest

Zalig Zijn De Armen Van Geest is an album by Dutch band at the close of every day.

</doc>
<doc id="19063996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063996" title="Gharid Ghrouf">
Gharid Ghrouf

Ghadir Ghrouf (, (born September 12, 1990 in Jericho) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Palestine.
Ghrouf represented Palestine at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed seventh in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 13.07 seconds.
She was born handicapped with a deformation of the ankles which made it difficult for her to walk; this was not corrected until she was ten years old. Soon thereafter, she took an interest in sprinting, and began regular training. Between 2003 and 2007, she became Palestine's national champion for her age category in the women's 100m, 200m and 400m sprints. In 2006, she was the youngest competitor at the indoor athletics championships in Moscow.
She is of distant African immigrant descent.

</doc>
<doc id="19064014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064014" title="A Man Named John">
A Man Named John

A Man Named John () is a 1965 drama film directed by Ermanno Olmi and starring Rod Steiger.

</doc>
<doc id="19064051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064051" title="Bounkou Camara">
Bounkou Camara

Bounkou Camara (born February 6, 1988) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Mauritania.
Camara represented Mauritania at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed 9th in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 13.69 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19064079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064079" title="Bobby Hanson">
Bobby Hanson

Bobby Hanson (b. February 26, 1977) is a former college and professional ice hockey player who played the role of Dave Silk in the 2004 Disney movie "Miracle", which was based on the true story of when, in 1980, the United States Ice Hockey team's coach, Herb Brooks, brought a U.S. hockey team up against the legendary juggernaut from the Soviet Union at the 1980 Olympic Games. The movie starred Kurt Russell (Herb Brooks), Patricia Clarkson (Patty Brooks), Noah Emmerich (Craig Patrick), and Sean McCann (Walter Bush). Bobby Hanson played his college hockey at Boston University (NCAA Division I) and professionally in Germany and the United States. His hockey playing career was cut short due to knee surgeries. He also served as a scout for the United States National Development Hockey Program in Ann Arbor, Michigan between 2002-2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19064100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064100" title="Gaspar de Quiroga y Vela">
Gaspar de Quiroga y Vela

Gaspar de Quiroga y Vela (Madrigal de las Altas Torres, Ávila, 13 January 1512 - 20 November 1595) was a prominent Catholic official who rose to become General Inquisitor of Spain, from 1573 to 1595, and Archbishop of Toledo from 1577 to 1595. He was named a Cardinal by Pope Gregory X in 1578. He was the nephew of the 1st Bishop of Michoacán, Mexico, Vasco de Quiroga, (1470 - 1565).
Biography.
He was educated as a Doctor in Theology and Law at the University of Salamanca. He was sent by King Philip II as an envoy to Rome and to the Spanish-administered territories in the Italian peninsula. 
He served as a member of the Spanish High Council of Justice since 1563 and as Bishop of Cuenca, (1561–1577), being then promoted to Archbishop of Toledo, to replace former Imperial diplomat Archbishop of Toledo, Navarrese from the Dominican Order Bartolomé de Carranza,(Miranda de Arga, Navarra, 1503 – Rome, Italy, 2 May 1576) in prison in Rome for some further 9 years, while defended there in front of Pope Pius V, deceased May 1572, by Navarrese Martín de Azpilizcueta y Jaureguizar, ( Barásoain, Navarra, 13 December 1492 - Rome, Italy, 21 June 1586) to take him out of the clutches of Inquisitor Fernando de Valdés Salas, (1483 - 1567), who had detained him previously for the period August 1559 - April 1567, some 8 years. 
He was a patron in Toledo of the Greek-Spanish painter Doménikos Theotokópoulos, usually known as El Greco, (1541 - resident in Toledo, Spain, since 1577 - Toledo, Spain, 1614). 
It is claimed that Quiroga portrait is found in the face of Saint Augustine in the famous Greco painting "The Burial of the Count of Orgaz".
Quiroga liberated from the Inquisition's prisons the mystical poet Fray Luis de León, (1527 - 1591) who had been imprisoned for over 4 years at Valladolid, from March 1572 until December 1576, for publishing, amongst other things, a Spanish translation of the "Song of Solomon", both of his parents having Jewish ancestry albeit being himself an Augustinian monk expert in Greek, Latin and Hebrew.
Around 1584, Quiroga built at the other side of the River Tagus, in the area known as the "Cigarrales", a summer house now occupied by a hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="19064111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064111" title="Le lourd passé de Lagaffe">
Le lourd passé de Lagaffe

Le lourd passé de Lagaffe, written and drawn by Franquin and Jidéhem, is an album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series, numbered R5. It is made up of 46 pages and was published by Dupuis. It consists of a series of one-strip gags.
Story.
This album is made up of all the gags and illustrations that had not been previously published in album.
Background.
This album was definitely the last album numbered "R", but another album of re-publication would follow latter, the Gaston Lagaffe #0.
Inventions

</doc>
<doc id="19064113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064113" title="752 Squadron (Portugal)">
752 Squadron (Portugal)

The 752 Squadron "Pumas" ("Esquadra 572") was a helicopter Search and Rescue squadron of the Portuguese Air Force.
History.
Activated on November 30, 1977, along with its sister 751 Squadron, the 752 Sqn. was the direct successor of the 42 Squadron, which had been activated in the beginning of that year and was later disbanded leading to the creation of the 752 Squadron.
In October 1993, the 752 Squadron was disbanded after the creation of the "Puma" Flight in the recently formed 711 Squadron.
In 2008, the entry in service of the AgustaWestland EH101 with the PoAF lead to changes in the operational structure of the branch in Azores. With this the Helicopter Flight of the 711 Squadron was deactivated and a detachment of the 751 Squadron replaced this flight in the Search and Rescue mission in Azores. However, due to complications in the logistical support provided by the manufacturer of the EH 101, the choice was made to reintroduce the SA 330 Puma into the medical evacuation operations to complement the 751 Squadron's detachment.
On September 24, 2008, the 752 Squadron is reactivated, at Lajes Air Base, to operate the Aérospatiale SA 330, beginning its operational mission on October 1. With this the 751 Sqn. will provide transport, medical evacuation, and search and rescue operations together with the EH 101 Merlin helicopters of the 751 Sqn, which will guarantee the long-range search and rescue.[http://www.acorianooriental.pt/noticias/view/174946] The 752 Squadron was disbanded April 5, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19064114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064114" title="En direct de la gaffe">
En direct de la gaffe

En direct de la gaffe, written and drawn by Franquin and Delporte, is an album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series, numbered R4. It is made up of 44 pages and was published by Dupuis. It consists of a series of one-strip gags.
Story.
This album is made up of small-sized strip and article relating Gaston' blunders. All the gags and articles, entitled "En direct de la rédaction", wrote by Yvan Delporte for the Gaston Lagaffe series are grouped in this album. It is also constituted of Spirou covers.Many new characters are introduced, such as Jules Soutier, Bertrand Labévue, Beaucoudeau and Mélanie Molaire. The Gaffophone also appear for the first time.
Background.
This album was expected to be the last album of reprinting. The album reprinted were numbered with a "R" indicate it was a re-publication. It is explained in the first page of the album that any "Gaston Lagaffe" album #5 nor R5 would never exist, because an album #6 had previously been published, and the re-publications were said to be finished. However, this announcement was wrong, for much later, in 1986, an album R5 was published, consisting of strips previously unpublished in albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19064116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064116" title="Gare aux gaffes du gars gonflé">
Gare aux gaffes du gars gonflé

Gare aux gaffes du gars gonflé, written and drawn by Franquin and Jidéhem, is an album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series, numbered R3. It is made up of 52 pages and was published by Dupuis. It consists of a series of one-strip gags.
Story.
Longtarin appears for the first time and watch over Gaston very carefully, all the more as he Gaston have acquired a strange automobile. Gaston signs a contract with De Mesmaeker.
Background.
This album is made up of the gags previously published in the small-sized albums "Gare aux Gaffes" and "Les Gaffes d'un Gars Gonflé", numbered #1 and #5. It was first published in 1966 in a small format under the title "Gare aux gaffes". It was re-edited in 1973 in a casual format. This is the first album of the series which contains full page strips.

</doc>
<doc id="19064118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064118" title="Le bureau des gaffes en gros">
Le bureau des gaffes en gros

Le bureau des gaffes en gros, written and drawn by Franquin and Jidéhem, is an album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series, numbered R2. It is made up of 52 pages and was published by Dupuis. It consists of a series of one-strip gags.
Story.
Gaston invents a robot and strange appeaux. Mademoiselle Jeanne appear for the first time.
Background.
This album was first published in the Italian format in 1965, under the title "Gaffes en gros".
He was published at the casual format in 1972. It is made up of the gags first published in the album #4, plus gags previously unpublished in albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19064121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064121" title="Gala de gaffes à gogo">
Gala de gaffes à gogo

Gala de gaffes à gogo, written and drawn by Franquin and Jidéhem, is an album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series, numbered R1. It is made up of 59 pages and was published by Dupuis. It consists of a series of one-strip gags.
Story.
Monsieur De Mesmeaker appear for the first time and try to sign contracts, in vain. The Gaston-Latex also appear, causing running gags. Finally, Prunelle and Lebrac appear at the end of the album, but they do not play an important role as yet, and most strips feature only Fantasio and Gaston.
Inventions.
s
Background.
This album was first published in the Italian format. As these albums were sold out, Dupuis decided to reprint it at the common Franco-Belgian album format. This album is made up of the original albums numbered 2 and 3. It was numbered R1 to distinguish it from the album #1, "R" being a French abbreviation for "réédition" ("re-publication").

</doc>
<doc id="19064135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064135" title="Valentina Nazarova">
Valentina Nazarova

Valentina Nazarova (born September 29, 1984 in Ashgabat) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Turkmenistan.
Nazarova represented Turkmenistan at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed sixth in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 11.94 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19064153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064153" title="Michael Stapleton">
Michael Stapleton

Michael Stapleton (born Dublin, Ireland, in 1747, died 8 August 1801, in Dublin) is regarded as having been the most skilled stuccodore working in the neoclassical or "Adam" style that dominated Dublin interior decoration in the final decades of the 18th century.
Life.
Stapleton was born in Dublin, the son of George Stapleton, who may have been a plasterer by trade. He married Frances Todderick, the daughter of a Dublin timber merchant, in 1774. They lived for a few years in No. 59 Camden Street, until about 1781. Being a Catholic, he was not allowed become a member of a Guild (this law was relaxed in 1793). In 1784 he was working in Trinity College where some of the exceptional contributions he has made to stucco work are to be seen. The Stapletons had four children: Robert who died young; George took over the family business when his father died; Margaret married a stone-cutter called John Taylor; and Mary married into a family of paper-stainers and house painters.
The family moved to Mecklenburg Street, then associated with those in the building trade. Stapleton associated with the master-builder, Robert West, the progenitor of the Dublin School of plasterwork of the 1760s. When West died Stapleton was his executor. He inherited his pattern books and both modelled himself on, and refined the style of, this central figure in the shaping of architecture and design in Dublin and in the country.
He died in 1801 and is buried at Malahide Abbey, just outside Dublin City. After his death his son George continued his work, a famous example being the Chapel Royal in Dublin Castle. Two of his grandchildren married members of the Conlan brewing family of Dublin.
Plaster work.
Stapleton's name has become synonymous with the elegant ornamental plasterwork of the late 18th-century townhouse. His collection of decorative designs was presented to the National Library of Ireland in 1940 by the Friends of the National Collections of Ireland, which enabled previously unknown works by him to be identified. In connection with prominent Dublin buildings he was recorded by the Georgian Society Records (Dublin 1909–1913), and was credited with "much of the fine work in Dublin at this period". Sacheverell Sitwell commented that: "...the Dublin artisans (of the period) were second to none in Europe, and the reader need only glance through the volumes of the Georgian Society to feel certain of this." The first studies specifically devoted to Stapleton were published in articles by C. P. Curran in 1939–40, who added significantly to the canon of Stapleton's executed works.
The most publicly available example of Stapleton's work is in Powerscourt House, South William Street, Dublin, and can be seen by every shopper who visits there. Countless generations of schoolboys at Belvedere College in Dublin have also gazed upon his work. Among other buildings that he decorated are:
And there are many others.
House-building.
Stapleton built a number of houses in Dublin. The only house to have survived the "vicissitudes of time and site redevelopment" (Lucey) is the present No. 9 Harcourt Street, built around 1785. He built two further houses on Harcourt Street, corresponding to Nos. 3 and 4 (the latter the birthplace of Edward Carson). He was among the first leaseholders in Luke Gardiner's development on Mountjoy Square. The houses he built and decorated to the highest standard corresponded to Nos. 43, 44 and 45 Mountjoy Square. These houses became part of the struggle in the 1970s between the Georgian Society, who wanted the houses restored, but had not the resources to do so, and developers led by Matt Gallagher, of the Gallagher Group, who wanted to demolish the houses to build offices. Without security or mainenance the houses fell into a state of decay and for safety reasons Dublin Corporation had to demolish them.
He spent the last years of his life in a house he had built at No. 1 Mountjoy Place. This house was illegally demolished by the Jesuit owners of Belvedere College, although it was under a preservation order, on 26 April 1968. The carved ceilings and other works of Stapleton were destroyed. After protests by the Dublin Civic Group and others, Dublin Corporation immediately called a halt to the demolition work, but by then it was too late.
Stapleton's will (proved in 1801) listed his profession as "builder", suggesting that house-building had become an important part of his career. He would have co-operated with his brother-in-law, Thomas Todderick, with whom he had qualified, and the plasterer Andrew Callnan in various developments.

</doc>
<doc id="19064165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064165" title="Slalom (film)">
Slalom (film)

Slalom is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce and starring Vittorio Gassman.
Plot.
Lucio and Riccardo, a pair of married pals, take their wives on a ski vacation but get distracted by the beautiful and seductive Nadia and Helen, who lure them into unexpected adventure and danger.

</doc>
<doc id="19064194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064194" title="Tit Linda Sou">
Tit Linda Sou

Tit Linda Sou (born August 21, 1989 in Phnom Penh) is a female track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Cambodia.
Sou represented Cambodia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed seventh in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 12.98 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19064195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064195" title="Mexico at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Mexico at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Mexico sent a delegation to compete at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="19064199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064199" title="Shafran">
Shafran

Shafran is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19064213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064213" title="John Harvard Library (series)">
John Harvard Library (series)

The John Harvard Library is a series of books published since 1959 by the Belknap Press of Harvard University Press. The series consists of reprints of historically significant American writings, including historic documents, fiction, poetry, memoirs, and criticism. 
History.
Founded in 1959, the series bears the name of the first major benefactor of Harvard University. John Harvard (1607-1638) bequeathed half of his estate and his personal library of about 400 books to "New College," which was later named Harvard College in his honor.
During the 1960s and 1970s, the John Harvard Library consisted mainly of authoritative reprints of documents from the colonial era of American history. Among the most noted of these are Bernard Bailyn's edition of "Pamphlets of the American Revolution, 1750-1776"; Anne Bradstreet's collected works; and the "Life of George Washington" by Mason L. Weems. Editorial contributors to the series included historians John Hope Franklin and C. Vann Woodward, and poet Adrienne Rich. 
The John Harvard Library series was dormant during the 1980s. Beginning in the late 1990s, the series began publishing works from the late 19th century as well as earlier eras. 
With the fiftieth anniversary of the series in 2009, Harvard University Press released new paperback editions of four 19th-century works: "The Red Badge of Courage", by Stephen Crane; "Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass"; "The Common Law," by Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.; and "Uncle Tom's Cabin", by Harriet Beecher Stowe. The new editions had a uniform paperback design.

</doc>
<doc id="19064217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064217" title="Winston-Salem Storm">
Winston-Salem Storm

The Winston-Salem Storm was an American Basketball Association (ABA) 2008–09 expansion team based in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
The Triad Community chose the name through the “Name Your Team” contest that began last fall and concluded in January 2008. The owl, a native North Carolina species, is a fierce hunter that "storms" its prey.
The team began playing in the fall of 2008. In the 2008–09 season they planned to play 15 home games and 15 away games spanning the period of November 16, 2008 – March 14, 2009. The team is owned by Wes Mason, and its general manager is Bryan Short. The Storm's first home game this season was November 21 against the Nashville Broncs.
The Storm attended Winston-Salem's downtown event "Rock the Block" in October, as well as making appearances at local schools and performing book drives to help encourage local youth to succeed in their studies.
On December 2, 2008, the Storm announced they had ceased operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19064229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064229" title="St. James Episcopal Church (Sonora)">
St. James Episcopal Church (Sonora)

St. James Episcopal Church, also known as the Red Church, is an historic Episcopal church building, formerly Anglican, located at 42 Snell Street, in Sonora, California. Built in 1859 in the Carpenter Gothic style, its board and batten exterior walls are of California redwood and are painted red. It was consecrated in 1870 by the Rt, Rev. William Ingraham Kip, first bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of California. Reportedly the seventh Episcopal parish as well as the oldest Episcopal church building in California, it has been designated California Historical Landmark No. 139.
St. James took place in the Anglican realignment in the United States, leaving the Episcopal Church and adopting the name of St. James Anglican Church, then a parish of the Anglican Diocese of San Joaquin and of the Anglican Church in North America. Its previous rector was the Rev. Fr. Wofgang E. Krismanits, who died in a car crash, with his wife, on 27 November 2012.
A schism occurred over various theological issues and a number of the churches in the diocese dissolved their affiliation with The Episcopal Church. They accepted oversight by the Province of the Southern Cone, in South America. 
A number of Episcopalians wished to remain with the Church. These faithful, with the assistance of the governing bodies of The Episcopal Church, reorganized the diocese. On March 29, 2008, a Special Convention was held, led by the Presiding Bishop of The Episcopal Church, The Most Rev. Katharine Jefferts Schori. The Rt. Rev. Jerry Lamb became the first provisional bishop. 
After much time, litigation, and negotiation, St. James, popularly known as “The Red Church” returned to the Episcopal Church. The first service as St. James Episcopal Church was held on July 7, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. 

</doc>
<doc id="19064230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064230" title="Social interventionism">
Social interventionism

Social interventionism is an action which involves the intervention of a government or an organization in social affairs. Such policies can include provision of charity or social welfare as a means to alleviate social and economic problems of people facing financial difficulties; provision of health care; provision of education; provision of safety regulations for employment and products; delivery of food aid or recovery missions to regions or countries negatively affected by an event; adoption programs; etc.
Some social interventionist policies have been labelled by critics as social authoritarianism due to views that the policies violate individual freedom or human rights. Such policies include conscription; state-forced abortions like in the People's Republic of China's One child policy or bans on abortion and birth control; bans on associations and organizations; forced sterilization programs; mandatory institutionalization of people with mental or physical disabilities; prohibition of substances or items; bans on homosexual relationships; segregation policies; state-sponsored discrimination or persecution of people based on age, cultural identity, ethnicity, gender, people with mental or physical disabilities, race, social position, political affiliation, religion, and/or sexual orientation. This criticism also arises from the use of social interventionism by authoritarian or totalitarian governments such as in the Soviet Union, Fascist Italy,
Academic research of Social Interventions occurs in many public policy schools around the world. Some University's also have dedicated research centres or clusters covering Social Intervention, for example the Department of Social Policy and Intervention, University of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="19064240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064240" title="Zahmatabad">
Zahmatabad

Zahmatabad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19064248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064248" title="Canadiana (horse)">
Canadiana (horse)

Canadiana (1950–1971) was the first Canadian-bred racehorse to earn more than $100,000 Canadian. She was bred by E. P. Taylor at his National Stud near Oshawa, Ontario. Sired by Taylor's stallion, Chop Chop who would go on to sire three more Queen's Plate winners, her dam Iribelle was also owned by Taylor. Canadiana's British-born damsire Osiris was the Leading sire in Canada in 1938, 1940, 1942, and 1947.
Horse of the Year.
Trained by Gordon J. "Pete" McCann, at age two Canadiana was not only the dominant horse of her age group, female or male, she was the dominant horse irrespective of age. She won the top races for her age group in Canada and set a new track record for 5½ furlongs in winning a stakes race event at Randall Park Race Track in North Randall, Ohio. She was voted 1952 Canadian Horse of the Year honors.
At age three, Canadiana ran fourth in the Plate Trial Stakes but returned to form to beat male horses again, scoring a five-length victory under future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame jockey Eddie Arcaro in Canada's most prestigious race, the Queen's Plate. She went on to win against fillies in the Test Stakes at Saratoga Race Course in Saratoga Springs, New York.
As a four-year-old, Canadiana raced against some of the top fillies in the United States. Her best results were a win of the 1954 Vagrancy Handicap at Aqueduct Racetrack in Queens, New York and seconds in the Gazelle and Diana Handicaps. Canadiana raced as a five-year-old, winning the Highlander and Jacques Cartier Stakes at Woodbine.
Retired to broodmare duty at Windfields Farm, Canadiana produced six foals but only one became a stakes-race winner.
On her death in 1971, Canadiana was given a place of honor next to the great Northern Dancer in the Windfields Farm equine cemetery.
In 1978, Canadiana was inducted in the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19064255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064255" title="Musabekov">
Musabekov

Musabekov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19064258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064258" title="Albert Miller Lea">
Albert Miller Lea

Albert Miller Lea (July 23, 1808 – January 16, 1891) was an American engineer, soldier, and topographer with the United States Dragoons who surveyed southern Minnesota and northern Iowa in 1835.
Biography.
Lea was born in Richland, Tennessee, a small village not far from Knoxville. He attended the United States Military Academy. He graduated fifth of 33 cadets in the Class of 1831. Due to his high class ranking, he was assigned to the engineers and posted to Fort Des Moines in the Iowa Territory, serving until his resignation in May 1836. In 1837, despite his youth, he became the Chief Engineer for the state of Tennessee. He then worked for the Federal government determining the boundary between Iowa and Missouri. From 1839 to 1840, he was an assistant engineer on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. He became a brigadier general in the Iowa militia and then the chief clerk for the U.S. War Department.
In 1844, he earned his master's degree in engineering from East Tennessee University in Knoxville and joined the faculty as an instructor. From 1849 to 1854, was the city engineer for Knoxville, as well as managing a local glass manufacturing company. He moved to East Texas in 1855.
During the American Civil War, Lea was an engineering officer in the Confederate States Army with the rank of major (later, lieutenant colonel). During the Battle of Galveston on New Year's Day 1863, his 25-year-old son, Lt. Commander Edward Lea of the Union Navy, was mortally wounded while serving on the USRC Harriet Lane. Lea himself was among the Confederate officers who boarded the captured ship, and found his son shortly before his death. 
After the war, Lea lived in Galveston for several years. He moved in 1874 to Corsicana, Texas, where he purchased a farm. He died of heart failure in 1891 and was buried in Oakwood Cemetery in Corsicana.
The city of Albert Lea, Minnesota, is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19064282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064282" title="Management of depression">
Management of depression

This article addresses the management of the psychiatric syndrome known as major depressive disorder or often called simply "depression". This syndrome is being diagnosed more frequently in developed countries, where up to 20% of the population is affected at some stage of their lives. Over-diagnosis of depression may be common, because while the prevalence of major depressive disorder has remained unchanged, its diagnosis has doubled in 20 years. Depression is more likely over-diagnosed than under-diagnosed in primary care, resulting in patients without evidence of major depressive disorder being prescribed medications. The elderly may be at more risk of over-diagnosis. Patients are usually assessed and managed as outpatients, and only admitted to an inpatient mental health unit if they are considered a risk to themselves or others.
Though psychiatric medication is the most frequently prescribed therapy for major depression, psychotherapy may be effective, either alone or in combination with medication. Antidepressant medications fail to consistently demonstrate superiority over placebo pills, or their benefit is small. Likewise, psychotherapy has been unable to demonstrate substantial superiority over no-treatment. Combining psychotherapy and antidepressants may provide a "slight advantage", but antidepressants alone or psychotherapy alone are not significantly different from other treatments, or "active intervention controls". Given an accurate diagnosis of major depressive disorder, in general the type of treatment (psychotherapy and/or antidepressants, alternate or other treatments, or active intervention) is "less important than getting depressed patients involved in an active therapeutic program."
Psychotherapy is the treatment of choice in those under the age of 18, with medication offered only in conjunction with the former and generally not as a first line agent. The possibility of depression, substance misuse or other mental health problems in the parents should be considered and, if present and if it may help the child, the parent should be treated in parallel with the child.
Psychotherapy.
There are a number of different psychotherapies for depression which are provided to individuals or groups by psychotherapists, psychiatrists, psychologists, clinical social workers, counselors or psychiatric nurses. With more chronic forms of depression, the most effective treatment is often considered to be a combination of medication and psychotherapy. Psychotherapy is the treatment of choice in people under 18.
The most studied form of psychotherapy for depression is "cognitive behavioral therapy" (CBT), thought to work by teaching clients to learn a set of cognitive and behavioral skills, which they can employ on their own. Earlier research suggested that cognitive behavioral therapy was not as effective as antidepressant medication in the treatment of depression; however, more recent research suggests that it can perform as well as antidepressants in treating patients with moderate to severe depression.
A systematic review of data comparing low-intensity CBT (such as guided self-help by means of written materials and limited professional support, and website-based interventions) with usual care found that patients who initially had more severe depression benefited from low-intensity interventions at least as much as less-depressed patients. One of the websites included in the study is MoodGym.
For the treatment of adolescent depression, one published study found that CBT without medication performed no better than a placebo, and significantly worse than the antidepressant fluoxetine. However, the same article reported that CBT and fluoxetine outperformed treatment with only fluoxetine. Combining fluoxetine with CBT appeared to bring no additional benefit in two different studies or, at the most, only marginal benefit, in a fourth study.
Behavior therapy for depression is sometimes referred to as behavioral activation. Studies exist showing behavioral activation to be superior to CBT. In addition, behavioral activation appears to take less time and lead to longer lasting change.
Acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT), a mindfulness form of CBT, which has its roots in behavior analysis, also demonstrates that it is effective in treating depression, and can be more helpful than traditional CBT, especially where depression is accompanied by anxiety and where it is resistant to traditional CBT.
A review of four studies on the effectiveness of mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT), a recently developed class-based program designed to prevent relapse, suggests that MBCT may have an additive effect when provided with the usual care in patients who have had three or more depressive episodes, although the usual care did not include antidepressant treatment or any psychotherapy, and the improvement observed may have reflected non-specific or placebo effects.
"Interpersonal psychotherapy" focuses on the social and interpersonal triggers that may cause depression. There is evidence that it is an effective treatment for depression. Here, the therapy takes a structured course with a set number of weekly sessions (often 12) as in the case of CBT; however, the focus is on relationships with others. Therapy can be used to help a person develop or improve interpersonal skills in order to allow him or her to communicate more effectively and reduce stress.
"Psychoanalysis", a school of thought founded by Sigmund Freud that emphasizes the resolution of unconscious mental conflicts, is used by its practitioners to treat clients presenting with major depression. A more widely practiced technique, called "psychodynamic psychotherapy", is loosely based on psychoanalysis and has an additional social and interpersonal focus. In a meta-analysis of three controlled trials, psychodynamic psychotherapy was found to be as effective as medication for mild to moderate depression.
Pharmaceutical drug treatment.
To find the most effective pharmaceutical drug treatment, the dosages of medications must often be adjusted, different combinations of antidepressants tried, or antidepressants changed. Response rates to the first agent administered may be as low as 50%. It may take anywhere from three to eight weeks after the start of medication before its therapeutic effects can be fully discovered. Patients are generally advised not to stop taking an antidepressant suddenly and to continue its use for at least four months to prevent the chance of recurrence.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), such as sertraline (Zoloft, Lustral), escitalopram (Lexapro, Cipralex), fluoxetine (Prozac), paroxetine (Seroxat), and citalopram, are the primary medications considered, due to their relatively mild side effects and broad effect on the symptoms of depression and anxiety, as well as reduced risk in overdose, compared to their older tricyclic alternatives. Those who do not respond to the first SSRI tried can be switched to another. If sexual dysfunction is present prior to the onset of depression, SSRIs should be avoided. Another popular option is to switch to the atypical antidepressant bupropion (Wellbutrin) or to add bupropion to the existing therapy; this strategy is possibly more effective. It is not uncommon for SSRIs to cause or worsen insomnia; the sedating noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) antidepressant mirtazapine (Zispin, Remeron) can be used in such cases. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Insomnia can also help to alleviate the insomnia without additional medication. Venlafaxine (Effexor) may be moderately more effective than SSRIs; however, it is not recommended as a first-line treatment because of the higher rate of side effects, and its use is specifically discouraged in children and adolescents. Fluoxetine is the only antidepressant recommended for people under the age of 18, though, if a child or adolescent patient is intolerant to fluoxetine, another SSRI may be considered. Evidence of effectiveness of SSRIs in those with depression complicated by dementia is lacking.
Tricyclic antidepressants have more side effects than SSRIs (but less sexual dysfunctions) and are usually reserved for the treatment of inpatients, for whom the tricyclic antidepressant amitriptyline, in particular, appears to be more effective. A different class of antidepressants, the monoamine oxidase inhibitors, have historically been plagued by questionable efficacy and life-threatening adverse effects. They are still used only rarely, although newer agents of this class (RIMA), with a better side effect profile, have been developed.
Augmentation.
Stephen M. Stahl, renowned academician in psychopharmacology, has stated resorting to a dynamic psychostimulant, in particular, d-amphetamine is the ""classical augmentation strategy" for treatment-refractory depression" 
Physicians often add a medication with a different mode of action to bolster the effect of an antidepressant in cases of treatment resistance; a 2002 large community study of 244,859 depressed Veterans Administration patients found that 22% had received a second agent, most commonly a second antidepressant. Lithium has been used to augment antidepressant therapy in those who have failed to respond to antidepressants alone. Furthermore, lithium dramatically decreases the suicide risk in recurrent depression. Addition of atypical antipsychotics when the patient has not responded to an antidepressant is also known to increase the effectiveness of antidepressant drugs, albeit at the cost of more frequent and potentially serious side effects. There is some evidence for the addition of a thyroid hormone, triiodothyronine, in patients with normal thyroid function.
Table 1: Regulatory Status of, Efficacy and Tolerability of Adjunctive treatments in Major Depressive Disorder.
ND - No data available
An important note with the data in the above table is that most of the data for lithium is for when it is combined with tricyclic antidepressants.
† (Odds Ratio) and 95% CI (bracketed)<br>
‡ (Mean difference) and 95% CI (bracketed)
Efficacy of medication and psychotherapy.
Antidepressants are statistically superior to placebo but their overall effect is low-to-moderate. In that respect they often did not exceed the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence criteria for a "clinically significant" effect. In particular, the effect size was very small for moderate depression but increased with severity, reaching "clinical significance" for very severe depression. These results were consistent with the earlier clinical studies in which only patients with severe depression benefited from either psychotherapy or treatment with an antidepressant, imipramine, more than from the placebo treatment. Despite obtaining similar results, the authors argued about their interpretation. One author concluded that there "seems little evidence to support the prescription of antidepressant medication to any but the most severely depressed patients, unless alternative treatments have failed to provide benefit." The other author agreed that "antidepressant 'glass' is far from full" but disagreed "that it is completely empty". He pointed out that the first-line alternative to medication is psychotherapy, which does not have superior efficacy.
Antidepressants in general are as effective as psychotherapy for major depression, and this conclusion holds true for both severe and mild forms of MDD. In contrast, medication gives better results for dysthymia. The subgroup of SSRIs may be slightly more efficacious than psychotherapy. On the other hand, significantly more patients drop off from the antidepressant treatment than from psychotherapy, likely because of the side effects of antidepressants. Successful psychotherapy appears to prevent the recurrence of depression even after it has been terminated or replaced by occasional "booster" sessions. The same degree of prevention can be achieved by continuing antidepressant treatment.
Two studies suggest that the combination of psychotherapy and medication is the most effective way to treat depression in adolescents. Both TADS (Treatment of Adolescents with Depression Study) and TORDIA (Treatment of Resistant Depression in Adolescents) showed very similar results. TADS resulted in 71% of their teen subjects having "much" or "very much" improvement in mood over the 60.6% with medication alone and the 43.2% with CBT alone. Similarly, TORDIA showed a 54.8% improvement with CBT and drugs verses a 40.5% with drug therapy alone.
SAMe.
S-Adenosyl methionine (SAMe) is available as a prescription antidepressant in Europe and an over-the-counter dietary supplement in the US. Evidence from 16 clinical trials with a small number of subjects, reviewed in 1994 and 1996 suggested it to be more effective than placebo and as effective as standard antidepressant medication for the treatment of major depression.
Experimental treatments.
Ketamine.
Research on the antidepressant effects of ketamine infusions at subanaesthetic doses has consistently shown rapid (4 to 72 hours) responses from single doses, with substantial improvement in mood in the majority of patients and remission in some. However, these effects are often short-lived, and attempts to prolong the antidepressant effect with repeated doses and extended ("maintenance") treatment have resulted in only modest success.
Creatine.
The amino acid creatine, commonly used as a supplement to improve the performance of bodybuilders, has been studied for its potential antidepressant properties. In an open study of 8 volunteers taking several grams of creatine a day, six improved, and two bipolar patients developed hypomania or mania. More recently, a double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial focusing on women found that creatine, when used along with an antidepressant, exerted a powerful and rapid antidepressant effect. Studies on mice have found that the antidepressant effects of creatine can be blocked by drugs that act against dopamine receptors, suggesting that the drug acts on dopamine pathways.
L-Acetylcarnitine.
The dietary supplement L-Acetylcarnitine has been shown to exert an antidepressant effect in mice. The effect was very rapid- occurring within a few days- and persisted several weeks after the drug was withdrawn. Unusually, the mechanism of action appears to be epigenetic- the compound modifies the way DNA is expressed, with the effect of increasing the expression of genes for glutamate receptors and brain-derived neurotrophic factor. No human studies have yet been conducted.
Medical devices.
A variety of medical devices are in use or under consideration for treatment of depression including devices which offer electroconvulsive therapy, vagus nerve stimulation, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, and cranial electrotherapy stimulation. Use of such devices in the United States requires approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) after field trials. In 2010 a FDA advisory panel considered the question of how such field trials should be managed. Factors considered were whether drugs had been effective, how many different drugs had been tried, and what tolerance for suicides should be in field trials.
Electroconvulsive therapy.
Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), formerly known as electroshock, is a standard psychiatric treatment in which seizures are electrically induced in patients to provide relief from psychiatric illnesses. ECT is usually used as a last line of intervention for major depressive disorder, schizophrenia, mania and catatonia. A usual course of ECT involves multiple administrations across weeks, months and years. It was first introduced in 1938 by Italian neuropsychiatrists Ugo Cerletti and Lucio Bini, and gained widespread popularity among psychiatrists as a form of treatment in the 1940s and 1950s.
In western fiction, it is usually depicted as a painful procedure, but in western countries ECT is usually administered under anesthetic with a muscle relaxant.
About 70 percent of ECT patients are women, since they are at twice the risk of depression as men. Although a large amount of research has been carried out, the exact mechanism of action of ECT remains elusive, and ECT on its own does not usually have a sustained benefit. Administration is most commonly bilateral, in which the electrical current is passed across the whole brain, and which seems to have greater efficacy but greater risk of memory loss, or less commonly, unilateral, which has less efficacy but also reduced risk of memory loss. The World Health Organization (2005) advises that it should only be used with the informed consent of the patient or their proxy, only with adequate analgesia and muscle relaxants, and never on children. Psychiatrists and other mental health professionals differ on when and if ECT should be used as a first-line treatment or if it should be reserved for patients who have not responded to other interventions such as medication and psychotherapy. ECT is considered one of the least harmful treatment options available for severely depressed pregnant women.
Electroconvulsive therapy can differ in its application in three ways: electrode placement, frequency of treatments, and the electrical waveform of the stimulus. These three forms of application have significant differences in both adverse side effects and symptom remission. After treatment, drug therapy is usually continued, and some patients receive maintenance ECT. In the United Kingdom and Ireland, drug therapy usually is continued during ECT.
Deep brain stimulation.
The support for the use of deep brain stimulation in treatment-resistant depression comes from a handful of case studies, and this treatment is still in a very early investigational stage. In this technique electrodes are implanted in a specific region of the brain, which is then continuously stimulated. A March 2010 systematic review found that "about half the patients did show dramatic improvement" and that adverse events were "generally trivial" given the younger psychiatric patient population than with movements disorders. Deep brain stimulation is available on an experimental basis only; no systems are approved by the FDA for this use.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) use in treatment-resistant depression is supported by multiple controlled studies, and it has been approved for this indication in Europe, Canada, Australia, and the US. A 2008 meta-analysis based on 32 trials found a robust effect of this method on depression, and it appeared similarly effective for both uncomplicated depression and depression that is resistant to medication. However, it was inferior to ECT in a side-by-side randomized trial.
Vagus nerve stimulation.
Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) uses an implanted electrode and generator to deliver electrical pulses to the vagus nerve, one of the primary nerves emanating from the brain. It is an approved therapy for treatment-resistant depression in the EU and US and is sometimes used as an adjunct to existing antidepressant treatment. The support for this method comes mainly from open-label trials, which indicate that several months may be required to see a benefit. The only large double-blind trial conducted lasted only 10 weeks and yielded inconclusive results; VNS failed to show superiority over a sham treatment on the primary efficacy outcome, but the results were more favorable for one of the secondary outcomes. The authors concluded "This study did not yield definitive evidence of short-term efficacy for adjunctive VNS in treatment-resistant depression."
Cranial electrotherapy stimulation.
Cranial electrotherapy stimulation (CES, electrosleep) devices currently on the market have been granted marketing authorization by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) because a sufficiently similar device had been marketed before 1976, when new regulations requiring controlled testing were introduced. The FDA considers them to be class III devices—"devices for which insufficient information exists to ... provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness" The effects of CES on depression were inconclusive or negative in multiple double-blind studies of psychiatric patients. In one of them, four out of six clinically depressed patients dropped out of the study because of the massive worsening of depressive symptoms, with two of them becoming actively suicidal. One of the authors of the latter study cautioned that CES "should not be used as a treatment of choice" for patients with a primary diagnosis of depression, "and should be used with caution if this diagnosis is suspected."
Other treatments.
Bright light therapy.
A meta-analysis of bright light therapy commissioned by the American Psychiatric Association found a significant reduction in depression symptom severity associated with bright light treatment. Benefit was found for both seasonal affective disorder and for nonseasonal depression, with effect sizes similar to those for conventional antidepressants. For non-seasonal depression, adding light therapy to the standard antidepressant treatment was not effective. A meta-analysis of light therapy for non-seasonal depression conducted by Cochrane Collaboration, studied a different set of trials, where light was used mostly in combination with antidepressants or wake therapy. A moderate statistically significant effect of light therapy was found, with response significantly better than control treatment in high-quality studies, in studies that applied morning light treatment, and with patients who respond to total or partial sleep deprivation. Both analyses noted poor quality of most studies and their small size, and urged caution in the interpretation of their results. The short 1–2 weeks duration of most trials makes it unclear whether the effect of light therapy could be sustained in the longer term.
Exercise.
Clinical trials involving subjects with major depressive disorder suggest a modest short-term improvement in mood from exercise. Several studies have shown that exercise is equally effective as medication and more effective than a placebo, though medication provides more immediate relief from severe depression. The evidence for any long-term improvement in major depression is poor.
Meditation.
Mindfulness meditation programs may improve symptoms of depression.
Music Therapy.
A 2009 review by Gold and colleagues found a significant dose effect of music therapy on depressive symptoms, with small improvement after 3 to 10 sessions and greater improvement after 16 to 51 sessions.
St John's wort.
A 2008 Cochrane Collaboration meta-analysis concluded that "The available evidence suggests that the hypericum extracts tested in the included trials a) are superior to placebo in patients with major depression; b) are similarly effective as standard antidepressants; c) and have fewer side effects than standard antidepressants. The association of country of origin and precision with effects sizes complicates the interpretation." The United States National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine advice is that "St. John’s wort may help some types of depression, similar to treatment with standard prescription antidepressants, but the evidence is not definitive." and warns that "Combining St. John’s wort with certain antidepressants can lead to a potentially life-threatening increase of serotonin, a brain chemical targeted by antidepressants. St. John’s wort can also limit the effectiveness of many prescription medicines."
Sleep.
Depression is sometimes associated with insomnia - (difficulty in falling asleep, early waking, and waking in the middle of the night). The combination of these two results, depression and insomnia will only worsen the situation. Hence, good sleep hygiene is important to help break this vicious circle. This would include measures such as regular sleep routines, avoidance of stimulants such as caffeine and management of sleeping disorders such as sleep apnea.
Total/Partial Sleep Deprivation.
Sleep deprivation (skipping a nights sleep) has been found to improve symptoms of depression in 40% - 60% of patients. Partial sleep deprivation in the second half of the night may be as effective as an all night sleep deprivation session. Improvement may last for weeks, though the majority (50-80%) relapse after recovery sleep. Shifting or reduction of sleep time, light therapy, antidepressant drugs, and lithium have been found to potentially stabilize sleep deprivation treatment effects.
Smoking Cessation.
Stopping smoking cigarettes is associated with reduced depression and anxiety, with the effect "equal or larger than" those of antidepressant treatments.

</doc>
<doc id="19064284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064284" title="John Harvard Library">
John Harvard Library

John Harvard Library is a public lending library on Borough High Street in Southwark, London. The Southwark Local History Library is adjacent.
The library bears the name of Southwark clergyman John Harvard (1607–1638), who emigrated to Massachusetts and bequeathed most of his estate, including hundreds of books, to the college now known as Harvard University. 

</doc>
<doc id="19064301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064301" title="Malloquete">
Malloquete

Malloquete was Mapuche toqui that led an army of Moluche from the region north of the Bio Bio River against Pedro de Valdivia in the 1546 Battle of Quilacura.

</doc>
<doc id="19064311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064311" title="AC/DC receiver design">
AC/DC receiver design

AC/DC receiver design discusses a development in the power supply section of vacuum tube based radio and television receivers eliminating the bulky and expensive mains transformer. An unintentional feature of the design was that the receiver was able to operate from a DC supply as well as an AC supply and consequently they were known as "AC/DC receivers".
Applicability to early radio and television.
In the early days of radio, mains electricity was supplied at different voltages in different places, and either direct or alternating current was supplied. There are three ways of powering electronic equipment. AC-only equipment would rely on a transformer to provide the voltages for heater and plate circuits. AC/DC equipment would connect all the tube heaters in series to match the supply voltage; a rectifier would convert AC to the unidirectional current required for operation. When connected to a DC supply, the rectifier stage of the power supply performed no active function. DC-only equipment would only run from a DC supply and included no rectifier stage. DC is no longer used for mains distribution. 
Different radio set models were required for AC, DC mains, and battery operation. For example a 1933 Murphy radio with essentially the same circuit had different models for AC supply, DC supply, and battery operation. The introduction of AC/DC circuitry allowed a single model to be used on either AC or DC mains as a selling point, and some such models added "Universal" to their name (such sets usually had user-settable voltage tapping arrangements to cater for the wide range of voltages.)
The first ever AC/DC design of radio was the All American Five. The sole aim of the design was to eliminate the mains transformer. The lower cost of transformerless designs remained popular with manufacturers long after DC power distribution had disappeared. Several models were produced which dispensed with the power transformer, but had circuit features which only allowed operation from AC. Some early models were available in both AC-only and AC/DC versions, with the AC/DC versions sometimes slightly more expensive.
Series tube heaters.
Vacuum tube equipment used a number of tubes, each with a heater requiring a certain amount of electrical power. In AC/DC equipment, the heaters of all the tubes are connected in series. All the tubes are rated at the same current (typically 100, 150, 300, or 450 mA) but at different voltages, according to their heating power requirements. If necessary, resistance (which can be a ballast tube (barretter), a power resistor or a resistive mains lead are added so that, when the mains voltage is applied across the chain, the specified heating current flows. Some types of ballast resistors were built into an envelope like a tube that was easily replaceable. With mains voltages of around 220 V, the power dissipated by the additional resistance and the voltage drop across it could be quite high, and it was common to use a resistive power cable (mains cord) of defined resistance, running warm, rather than putting a hot resistor inside the case. If a resistive power cable was used, an inexperienced repairer might replace it with a standard cable, or use the wrong length, damaging the equipment and risking a fire.
Transformer.
AC/DC equipment did not require a transformer, and was consequently cheaper, lighter, and smaller than comparable AC equipment. This type of equipment continued to be produced long after AC became the universal standard due to its cost advantage over AC-only, and was only discontinued when vacuum tubes were replaced by low-voltage solid-state electronics. 
A rectifier and a filter capacitor were connected directly to the mains. If the mains power was AC, the rectifier converted it to DC. If it was DC, the rectifier effectively acted as a conductor. When operating on DC, the voltage available was reduced by the voltage drop across the rectifier. Because an AC waveform has a voltage peak that is higher than the average value produced by the rectifier, the same set operating on the same root mean square AC supply voltage would have a higher effective voltage after the rectifier stage. In areas using 110–120 volt AC, a simple half-wave rectifier limited the maximum plate voltage that could be developed; this was adequate for relatively low-power audio equipment, but television receivers or higher-powered amplifiers required either a more complex voltage doubler rectifier or warranted the use of a power transformer with a conveniently high secondary voltage. Areas with 220–240 volt AC supplies could develop higher plate voltage with a simple rectifier. Transformerless power supplies were feasible for television receivers in 220–240 volt areas. Additionally, the use of a transformer allowed multiple independent power supplies from separate transformer windings for different stages.
In an AC/DC design there was no transformer to isolate the equipment from the mains. Much equipment was built on a metal chassis which was connected to one side of the mains. Because no power transformer was used, so-called "hot chassis" construction was required and the equipment power supply was conductively connected to the input power source. Any exposed metal on the device connected to the circuit common was also connected to the power supply. For safety, no exposed metal could be connected to the circuit common. Service personnel working on energized equipment had to use an isolation transformer for safety, or be mindful that the chassis could be live. AC-only vacuum tube equipment used a bulky, heavy, and expensive transformer, but the chassis was not connected to the supply conductors and could be earthed, making for safer operation.
Transformerless "hot chassis" televisions continued to be commonly manufactured long after transistorisation rendered live-chassis design obsolete in radios. By the 1990s, inclusion of audio-video input jacks required elimination of the floating ground as TVs needed to be interconnectable with VCRs, game consoles and video disc players. The widespread replacement of cathode ray tubes with liquid crystal displays after the turn of the millennium resulted in televisions using primarily low voltages, obtained from switching power supplies. The potentially-hazardous "floating chassis" was no more.
Regional variations.
In the past, 110–120 V was not high enough for high-power audio and television applications. Therefore, it was used to operate low-power audio equipment such as radio receivers. Higher-powered 110–120 V tube audio or television equipment needed higher voltages which were obtained using step-up transformer based power supply, or sometimes a voltage doubler, therefore operating off AC only.
Some AC/DC equipment was designed to be switchable to be able to operate off either 110 V AC (possibly with a voltage doubler) or 220–240V AC or DC. Television receivers were produced which could run off 240 V AC or DC. The voltage was not high enough to power some circuits, so energy was recovered during the flyback period from the primary of the line output transformer to provide a boosted HT (high tension) supply. In a typical vacuum tube colour TV set, the line output stage had to boost its own HT supply to between 900 to 1200 volts (depending on screen size and design). Transistor line output stages, although not requiring supply voltages above the rectified mains voltage, nevertheless still developed extra voltage over the normal supply rail to avoid complicating the power supply circuitry. A typical transistor stage would produce between 20 and 50 'extra' volts. Some details of the way in which the nominally 190 volts HT supply was boosted to nearly 500 volts in the 1951 Bush TV22 are described in a technical publication. AC/DC televisions were produced well into the color and semiconductor era (some sets were tube/semiconductor hybrids).
Transistor radios.
With widespread adoption of solid-state design in the 1970s, voltage and power requirements for tabletop portable radio receivers dropped significantly. One common approach was to design a battery-powered radio (typically 6 volts DC from four dry cells) but include a small built-in step down transformer and rectifier to allow mains electricity (120V or 240V AC, depending on region) as an alternative to battery-powered operation.

</doc>
<doc id="19064315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064315" title="Zelimxan">
Zelimxan

Zelimkhan (also spelled Zelim-Khan) (January 1872, Kharachoy, Terek Oblast - 26 September 1913) is a Chechen and Ingush hero, which is viewed today as a version of a Chechen Robin Hood. Today the name is given to Chechen and Ingush children.
Zelimkhan was an abrek, a raider of the Cossacks and Russian colonists. He stole mainly to feed Chechens, and because the Cossacks were living on what the Chechens perceived to be their land, which was extremely fertile. Without control of these fertile lands, the Chechens became impoverished. To solve this problem, abreks, such as Zelimkhan and his Ingush comrade-in-arms Sulom-Beck Sagopshinski, raided the Cossacks, Russian banks, Vladikavkaz mint, Czar's post which was transported on the Georgian military highway, in order to restore the justice and help the poor.
Historical Context.
The Cossacks were serfs who ran away from Russian Czar and found refuge amongst free peoples of the North Caucasus. Initially they lived side by side with the North Caucasians, adopted their uniform - cherkesska, burka, Caucasian dagger, and papakha. When Russian Empire expanded the Russians made a secret pact with the ethnically close to them Cossacks: for betraying the North Caucasians they will be granted land from Czar. The deal was accepted. Many Chechen and Ingush settlements were burned to stake, the populations butchered by Russian armies. The territories were resettled by Russian Cossacks. They settled in the Northern Chechen plains only, because the Caucasian mountains were a natural fortress which allowed a small garrison to defend against larger Russian forces. 
This historical narrative, however, ignores the large amounts of poverty and suffering the Chechens have had to endure during periods where they lack control of the Terek and even Sunzha rivers. In Medieval and Ancient times, the rivers' fertile valleys were necessary to support the populations living in the mountains, meaning that if a foreign people (like the Cossacks) managed to push the Chechens out of the area, it would cause frequent famines. There was, perhaps an option, to allow the population to decrease dramatically and return to a subsistence lifestyle, but not only would this probably result in the extinction of Chechendom, the Chechens had been civilized people for at least 7000 years (much longer than the Russians), as had all their neighbors, so a subsistence lifestyle would be unthinkable. The Chechens would still be dependent on the northern plains for food, but they would require the food by a long cultural established tradition of raiding Cossack stanitsas, and taking all the grain storage as well as other useful supplies, bringing it to the highlands (or to the Sunzha). 
Abreks were avengers and were viewed as great heroes. They delivered justice and killed Russian troops in non-stopping skirmishes. The avengers brought the loot back from their raids: food, gold, weapons. They managed to stand up strong against the perceived oppressor; and most importantly, the survival of the Chechen people was at least partially dependent on them, until the northern plains could be retaken. In reality of course, with the case of the Cossacks, there was no immediate threat to the Chechens' survival because the garrisons of North Caucasian warriors were able to defeat them in many battles, including the one in the plains of Ingushetia where general Ermolov lost 18,000 Cossacks to Ingush clans. However, there was still massive famines, and the Chechens needed to stay strong and healthy to prevent a loss of the Sunzha. 
Despite the desperate position of the Chechen people, abreks were supposed to abide by a system of honor, refraining from killing women and children, etc. The scholar Rebecca Gould argues that the character of the abrek usually takes the form of the lone warrior, the social reject who takes it upon as his role to rescue the society despite its rejection of him. Many of these elements may have increased the popularity of abrek stories, as many people feel at some point of their life that they are rejected by society. 
Zelimkhan was the most celebrated of these abreks, and is largely symbolic of the values of the stories and the memory of the abreks.
Chechen folk song about Zelimxan.
There is a popular folk song about Zelimxan. The lyrics and translation here come from http://www.waynakh.com/eng/2009/05/zelimkhan where one can also find an audio sample of the song.
Araxh mox a darc a da’lça bovduš xilla Zelimxan 
When a storm break suddenly, they had slanging to run away, Zelimkhan 
Lomaxh töpa tata da’lça xhexoš xilla Zelimxan 
When a weapon fires in the mountain, they had crouching down, Zelimkhan 
Stanicera yoj yadiyça oluš xilla Zelimxan 
When a girl runs away from Stanits, they had saying Zelimkhan 
Bere vocuç din c’a beaça bölhuš xilla Zelimxan 
When a horse comes without his rider, they had crying Zelimkhan 
Stanicera yoj yadiyça oluš xilla Zelimxan 
When a girl runs away from Stanits, they had saying Zelimkhan 
Bere vocuç din c’a beaça bölhuš xilla Zelimxan 
When a horse comes without his rider, they had crying Zelimkhan 
Ezar mostagh düxhal valarx šek ca va’lla Zelimxan 
When his a thousand enemy waylayed, Zelimhan hadn’t hesitated 
Masex šaraxh qhiysam lattorax qhar ca vella Zelimxan
During years, he had resisted, never obeyed, Zelimkhan.
Jarzha büysa jarzha verta jarzha gila Zelimxan
Dark night, dark yamchi (woolen), dark studhorse Zelimkhan!
Mayra xilla turpala xilla kade xilla Zelimxan
He had been heroic, agile, strapping young man, Zelimkhan…
Jarzha büysa jarzha verta jarzha gila Zelimxan
Dark night, dark yamchi (woolen), dark studhorse Zelimkhan!
Mayra xilla turpala xilla kade xilla Zelimxan
He had been heroic, agile, strapping young man, Zelimkhan…
Thqha xhöx xhovxa zhima jaxar hunda alla Zelimxan
Then why did say small lamb for you Zelimkhan?
Xhay xalqhana xhay maxkana qie vala Zelimxan
Live a lot for your nation,grow up quick Zelimkhan!
Zelimxanna gotta xillla düne xhuna šorta du
The world is so huge which spannen for Zelimkhan.
Zelimxanna ca kariynaçu irsa da ha ma bu
You have happiness which Zelimkhan couldn’t find.
Zelimxanna gotta xillla düne xhuna šorta du
The world is so huge which spannen for Zelimkhan.
Zelimxanna ca kariynaçu irsa da ha ma bu
You have happiness which Zelimkhan couldn’t find.
Day maxkanna xhay xalqhana qie vala Zelimxan
Come in handy for your homeland, for your nation, Zelimkhan!
Mayra turpal kade xila dottaghça khant Zelimxan
Grow up as heroic, agile, strapping young man, the son of my friend Zelimkhan!
Jarzha büysa jarzha verta jarzha gila Zelimxan
Dark night, dark yamchi (woolen), dark studhorse Zelimkhan!
C’qha a xhuna xhaštmaxilla dog khay xila Zelimxan
You wouldn’t need these things never, be happy, Zelimkhan!
Jarzha büysa jarzha verta jarzha gila Zelimxan
Dark night, dark yamchi (woolen), dark studhorse Zelimkhan!
C’qha a xhuna xhaštmaxilla dog khay xila Zelimxan
You wouldn’t need these things never, be happy, Zelimkhan!
Jarzha büysa jarzha verta jarzha gila Zelimxan
Dark night, dark yamchi (woolen), dark studhorse Zelimkhan!
C’qha a xhuna xhaštmaxilla dog khay xila Zelimxan
You wouldn’t need these things never, be happy, Zelimkhan!

</doc>
<doc id="19064321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064321" title="CASSOA">
CASSOA

CASSOA, the Civil Aviation Safety and Security Oversight Agency, is an administrative agency of the East African Community (EAC). CASSOA's responsibilities include airworthiness inspections of aircraft and airport facilities in the East African area of Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda. Rwanda and Burundi are currently merging their aviation governing bureaucracies with CASSOA.
CASSOA's governing board meets at EAC Headquarters in Arusha, Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="19064324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064324" title="Dominion Academy">
Dominion Academy

Dominion Academy is a private school in Leesburg, Virginia started by with Leesburg Community Church in 1997 as a ministry of the church. The school served the Loudoun County area, offering kindergarten through 8th grade. In its first year of 1997, the school enrolled 77 students and offered kindergarten through sixth grades. During the following two years, seventh and eighth grades were added. It operated in two separate parts: elementary school (K-5) and middle school (6-8). In 2013 the school closed her doors.

</doc>
<doc id="19064334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064334" title="Fathia Ali Bourrale">
Fathia Ali Bourrale

Fathia Ali Bourrale (born October 14, 1987) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Djibouti.
Ali Bourrale represented Djibouti at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed eighth in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 14.29 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19064342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064342" title="Ford L-Series Trucks">
Ford L-Series Trucks

Ford L-Series trucks was a long-running series of heavy-duty trucks built by Ford Motor Company between 1970 and 1998. It was distinctively styled with a bold hexagonal grille at its introduction. It was built in a new plant which was called the Kentucky Truck Plant, but its location near Louisville, Kentucky gave rise to the popular name of Ford Louisville line trucks, as well as the "Louisville Plant" 
These heavy-duty Ford trucks replaced the short conventional N-Series, along with the heavy-duty F-Series trucks (but not the medium-duty F-Series trucks; which have soldiered on through production, and are still being produced to this day), and related tandem-axle T-Series. The Louisville Line encompassed a wide range of models serving the medium-, heavy-, and extra-heavy-duty truck ranks. The line would become one of the most popular series of trucks Ford ever produced. No models with set-back axles would be made after 1996 either. However; production of models with set-back axles eventually resumed after the entire heavy-duty truck division was sold to Freightliner, and the trucks were rebadged as Sterling Trucks.
LTL-9000.
In 1976 Ford added the LTL-9000, a truck marketed toward cross-country truck drivers. Two years later, the LTL-9000 would have its own grille and headlight arrangement. The same year Ford introduced the CLT-Cabovers which had identical grilles with the LTL-9000.
Aeromax.
In 1988, the basic L-Series truck design was repackaged into the AeroMax. This truck introduced new innovations in class-8 aerodynamics. A setback front axle made possible swept-back front fenders and a smoother form-fitting front bumper. It also had wraparound headlights, tank skirts and an available "Aero Bullet" sleeper unit.<ref name="auto.howstuffworks.com/1990-1999-ford-trucks7.htm"/> The first models were known as the Aeromax 9000. Later in 1992, when the Aeromax 120 was introduced, the Aeromax 9000 was renamed the Aeromax 106 (for the BBC (Bumper to Back of Cab)). In 1996, they were joined by the Aeromax 9500 which was based on the new cab of the Louisville Line.
The year-span of these newer versions would be short-lived, though. In the late 1996 Ford sold its entire heavy-duty truck division to Freightliner Trucks. The trucks were rebadged as Sterling, a former division of White Motor Company in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19064348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064348" title="Morgan W. Walker, Sr.">
Morgan W. Walker, Sr.

Morgan Wailes Walker, Sr. (August 20, 1893 – February 20, 1983), was a businessman from Alexandria, Louisiana, who was involved in dairying, farming, bus transportation, hotels, banking, and education. He was a director of the Trans-Continental Bus system, which operated in time in more than forty states. Walker introduced Guernsey cattle into Louisiana and founded Cloverland Dairies. He was a past president and founder of Roemer Dairy Processing. He was chairman of the former Guaranty Bank and Trust Company of Alexandria. Walker served on the Louisiana State Mineral Board during the administration of Governor Jimmie Davis.
Background.
Walker was born in Dodson in Winn Parish to Ezriah Walker and the former Frances Marian Stovall. When he was nine years of age, young Morgan stepped on a thorn, which resulted in persistent pain in a lower leg. At the age of eighteen, he had the leg amputated at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, but the problem persisted as "phantom pain", later believed to have been caused by a pinched nerve. Walker swore that he would not allow his disability hold him back from success in life.
He graduated from both Dodson High School and Louisiana Tech University in Ruston, where he procured a degree in business. He was a classmate of future Governor Earl Kemp Long of Winnfield though he was part of the anti-Long faction in Louisiana's then all-encompassing Democratic politics.
Business success.
In 1916, Walker moved to McNary in Rapides Parish to work at a large lumber company. Thereafter, he moved north to Alexandria, the seat of Rapides Parish and the largest city in Central Louisiana, where during World War I, he organized a taxi service to transport soldiers from Camp Beauregard in Pineville to Alexandria. He later obtained a bus and founded the Interurban Transportation Company. Walker hired as his bookkeeper Joe D. Smith, Sr., a native of East Texas who had moved to Grant Parish. Smith's son, Joe D. Smith, Jr., later married into the family which owned the "Alexandria Daily Town Talk", and through his role as publisher and chief executive officer of the newspaper, Smith, Jr., worked to promote the development of downtown Alexandria.
Walker met his wife, the former Genevieve James (September 19, 1900—March 8, 1960), when she was a passenger on one of his bus routes. Genevieve was the youngest of twelve children born to William Calvit James and the former Ella Elizabeth Robinson (died 1922). The Jameses lived in the house called "Eagle's Nest" in Boyce in northern Rapides Parish.
Thereafter, Walker merged a group of bus companies into Southern Bus Lines. He became a director of the renamed Trans-Continental Bus system, which operated in time in more than forty states. It was a forerunner of Continental Trailways, later absorbed by Greyhound Lines.
In the 1930s, Walker and his wife launched a dairy with one cow. They first sold milk in their neighborhood. Walker introduced Guernseys into Louisiana and founded Cloverland Dairies. He was a past president and founder of Roemer Dairy Processing. Walker Farms were dissolved in 1978, but the family retained an interest in Walker-Roemer Dairies in New Orleans. Genevieve Walker, meanwhile, like son Morgan W. Walker, Jr., became an expert at horsemanship. The Walkers lived in a plantation house off Horseshoe Drive near the South Traffic Circle in Alexandria.
Walker was the director of TCO Industries, a subsidiary of Holiday Inn. He was chairman of the board from 1970 to 1978 of the former Guaranty Bank and Trust Company of Alexandria, which was located on Third Street across from City Hall in the tallest building in Alexandria. Guaranty eventually became part of Capital One.
Community interests.
Walker's main community interests were in public education and the Boy Scouts of America. He was a member and for a time the president of the elected Rapides Parish School Board. He was called "the father of Scouting in Louisiana" because of his work during the 1930s in reorganizing the group. His older son, Morgan, Jr., was an Eagle Scout. Walker was a past president of the Alexandria Chamber of Commerce, and he held membership in the American Dairy Science Association, the Masonic lodge, and the Shriners.
Walker died at Rapides General Hospital in Alexandria. Services were held on February 22, 1983, at St. James Episcopal Church in Alexandria. Interment was at Greenwood Memorial Park in Pineville. Walker was survived by a second son, Edgar Walker, two daughters, twenty-six grandchildren, and twenty-two great-grandchildren. He was predeceased by his wife and two other daughters.
He was also survived by a nephew, Dr. J. Paul Peters of Winnfield. Among his cousins was the retired United States Army Lieutenant Colonel William Stewart Walker, also of Winnfield, who was a pioneer in the development of the Republican Party in Louisiana. Stewart Walker made a strong but losing race in 1964 for the former Eighth Congressional District seat in the United States House of Representatives. He was defeated by the Democratic nominee, former State Senator Speedy O. Long of La Salle Parish. Still another cousin, George T. Walker, was from 1958 to 1976 the president of the University of Louisiana at Monroe.
Walker is commemorated through the naming of the Morgan W. Walker Scholarship in the field of dairy science at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge. The student center at Louisiana College in Pineville, now the Hixson Center, was formerly named in Walker's honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19064373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064373" title="Refugee health">
Refugee health

Refugees are often disproportionally affected by infectious disease mainly because of their geographic origin, ethnicity, conditions at a refugee camp, as well as personal, physical, and psychological conditions, either pre-existing or acquired while they fled their homeland and made way to a camp. The Federal Refugee Act of 1980 recommends that all new refugees arriving in the United States receive a comprehensive health assessment. The Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) housed in the Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) is charged with funding and oversight of this effort. Three medical interventions are either required or recommended in order to contain infectious disease and reduce the medical burdens that may be associated with refugee resettlement. First is a mandatory overseas screening for all refugees and immigrants, then a recommended domestic screening for refugees, and finally a required medical component to the Adjustment of Status (Green Card) process.
Overseas screening.
The US Public Health Service requires a health screening for all immigrants and refugees prior to departure from their country of origin. Here, refugees undergo the most thorough screening. These medical exams are performed by approximately 400 physicians Panel Physicians selected by the US Department of State (DOS) consular officials. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's (CDC) Division of Global Migration and Quarantine (DGMQ) provide the technical instructions and guidance to the physicians conducting the overseas exams. The screening is primarily aimed at detecting infectious diseases of public health concern. The overseas exam includes a medical history inquiry, physical exam, chest x-ray for persons older than 14 years of age (Southeast Asian refugees older than 2 years of age), and specific lab tests. Testing routinely includes screening for syphilis and HIV in people over 15 years of age.
Laws.
The CDC's Division of Global Migration and Quarantine is responsible for providing the US Department of State and the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) with medical screening guidelines. The guidelines are developed in accordance with Section 212(a)(1)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), which outlines the reasons an alien is ineligible for a visa or admission to the United States, specifically based on health grounds. "The health-related grounds include those aliens who have a communicable disease of public health significance, who fail to present documentation of having received vaccination against vaccine-preventable diseases, who have or have had a physical or mental disorder with associated harmful behavior, and who are drug abusers or addicts." Medical conditions recognized in refugees are categorized as Class A or Class B and are described below. If a refugee is found to have an inadmissible health-related condition, a waiver is required for the applicant to come to the US.
Class conditions.
The health-related grounds for exclusion of refugees and immigrants set forth in the law are implemented by a regulation, "Medical Examination of Aliens" (42 CFR, Part 34). The regulation lists certain disorders that, if identified during the overseas medical examination, are grounds for exclusion (Class A condition) or represent such significant health problems (Class B condition) that they must be brought to the attention of consular authorities.
The purpose of the medical examination is to determine whether an alien has 1) a physical or mental disorder (including a communicable disease of public health significance or drug abuse/addiction) that renders him or her ineligible for admission or adjustment of status (Class A condition); or 2) a physical or mental disorder that, although not constituting a specific excludable condition, represents a departure from normal health or well-being that is significant enough to possibly interfere with the person's ability to care for himself or herself, or to attend school or work, or that may require extensive medical treatment or institutionalization in the future (Class B condition).
"Class A conditions".
Class A conditions are those that preclude a refugee from entering the US. They include communicable diseases of public health significance, mental illnesses associated with violent behavior, and drug addiction. Refugees must undergo treatment for these conditions if indicated. They could also request a waiver that would permit them to enter the US. Class A conditions include:
"Class B conditions".
Class B conditions are conditions that are identified as amounting to a substantial departure from normal well-being. A refugee identified as having a Class B condition will most likely receive treatment before departing for the United States and must seek follow-up soon after arrival in the US. Class B conditions include:
Domestic screening.
When refugees enter the United States, they must enter through one of five authorized ports of entry that have Quarantine Stations: John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Newark Liberty International Airport, Miami International Airport, O'Hare International Airport in Chicago and Los Angeles International Airport. At these locations, US Public Health Service personnel review refugees' medical documents and perform limited inspections to look for obvious signs of illness. Through an electronic notification system maintained by the CDC, state health officials in the destination state are notified and sent copies of the overseas medical exam.
Upon arrival in the US, it is recommended that refugees complete a domestic health screening that seeks to reduce health-related barriers to successful resettlement and protect the health of the US population. Domestic health exams focus on infectious disease screening, but can also offer diagnosis and treatment for other health conditions identified. The parameters of the screening are based upon the 1995 Office of Refugee Resettlement Medical Screening Protocol, but new guidance is forthcoming.
Laws.
The Refugee Act of 1980, which amended the Immigration and Nationality Act to establish a domestic refugee resettlement program, has outlined several public health activities with regards to refugee resettlement. First, all state or local health officials are to be notified of each refugee's arrival so that they can provide timely treatment for health conditions of public health significance identified overseas. The Director of ORR has the authority to make grants to state or local health agencies to help them meet the costs of providing medical screening and initial medical treatment to refugees. In this way, states can provide domestic health assessment services with federal refugee funding support. To qualify for this funding, the state health assessments need to be in accordance with ORR requirements and approved by the ORR director. It is recommended that a refugee receive a health screening within 90 days of entering the United States. The screening protocols are left to state health officials with the approval of ORR.
Recommended components of the domestic health assessment.
A Medical Screening Protocol for Newly Arriving Refugees was developed by ORR in collaboration with CDC in 1995. Many states have added requirements in addition to the ORR protocol. DHHS is now drafting guidance for an expanded domestic protocol for screening refugees. The scope of the domestic health exam includes:
Special considerations.
"Cultural competence".
When doctors or other health professionals work with refugee populations, it is necessary to strive for cultural competence. Refugees most often come from war-torn situations combined with prolonged time in refugee camps. Some of the educated among them may speak some English and may have knowledge of Western culture. However, some refugees from rural areas may speak only a local dialect and have very little if any knowledge of the Western world. Health care providers seeing refugees for their domestic screening are often the refugee's first experience with Western style medical care. Physicians, nurses and other health care providers would do well to learn about the cultural background of their refugee patients and ensure that a professional bi-lingual/bi-cultural medical interpreter is present for their encounters. Interpreters should not be a relative or friend of the refugee.
When seeing a patient, it is important to understand that it isn't just the patient's culture that is at play, but one's own culture, as well as the culture of medicine. All three of these cultures interact in ways we need to be sensitive to and aware of, as they influence the outcome of the encounter. To understand patients who are culturally different from ourselves, it is first necessary to recognize our own cultural beliefs, values, and behaviors as well as how our life experiences influence the way we think about health care, and how it shapes the way we make clinical decisions.
"Trauma".
Prior to World War II, immigrants were often driven from their countries by forces such as unemployment, famine and poverty, often combined with various forms of prejudice and oppression. In other words, war and ethnopolitical conflict were not the primary causes for emigration. Beginning with World War II, however, civilians were increasingly targeted as a strategy of warfare. Since WWII, most newcomers (especially refugees) to the US have been victimized by war and/or political repression. Like previous immigrants, these recent arrivals have known social oppression, including inadequate education, lack of job opportunities, inability to practice their faith or marry whom they wished, and inability to live where they want. However, unlike most previous immigrants, many of them have also experienced or witnessed government-sponsored torture and/or terror. That said, refugees are survivors who possess amazing resiliency, strength and resourcefulness. An assessment of mental health may be included in a refugee's domestic health screening.
Common health concerns in refugees.
Refugees may be at a higher risk for contracting certain diseases or having other health problems due to factors such as poor nutrition, poor sanitation and lack of adequate medical care. The most common health concerns are listed below.
Immunizations.
Refugees tend to arrive in the United States with a variety of immunization needs. They may have had vaccinations in their country of origin, but due to the often unplanned nature of their departure are unlikely to have vaccination documentation. Some may have received immunizations as part of their overseas exam, and some may have received no immunizations. Unlike persons with immigrant status, US-bound refugees are not required to have vaccinations in order to enter the US. However, it is mandated that at the time of applying for adjustment of status from legal temporary resident to legal permanent resident, a refugee must be fully vaccinated in accordance with recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP). Recommendations by the World Health Organization's (WHO) Expanded Program on Immunizations (EPI) are generally followed by countries worldwide with minor variations in vaccine schedules, spacing of vaccine doses, and documentation. The majority of vaccines used worldwide are from reliable local or international manufacturers, and no potency problems have been detected, with the occasional exception of tetanus toxoid and the oral polio vaccine (OPV). A list of required vaccines in the US can be found on the vaccine schedule page.
Tuberculosis.
"An estimated one third of the world's population is infected with Mycobacterium tuberculosis." This high incidence necessitates that those conducting the overseas exam (Panel Physicians) screen all refugees for TB and further test anyone suspected of having active TB. Screening for tuberculosis generally involves a tuberculin skin test, followed by a chest X-ray when necessary, and laboratory testing depending on those results. Anyone between the ages of 2 and 14, living in a country with a tuberculosis incidence rate of 20 or more cases per 100,000 people (as identified by the WHO), is required to have a tuberculin skin test. Those aged 15 and older must have a chest x-ray. Those individuals identified as having active tuberculosis must complete treatment before being permitted to enter the US. Upon arriving in the US, the CDC recommends that all refugees be screened for tuberculosis using a tuberculin skin test. A follow-up chest x-ray is required if the tuberculin skin test is positive, or if the refugee was identified as having TB (either Class A or Class B) in their overseas exam, or if they are infected with HIV.
Sexually transmitted infections.
All refugees aged 15 years and older are screened for syphilis and HIV during the overseas exam. STIs are a significant health risk and testing is often included in the domestic health screening based on need, as identified by the doctor conducting the screening. Refugees can be at a higher risk for contracting sexually transmitted infections because of a lack of access to protection and/or treatment, as well as the circumstances of war and flight, making them subject to higher incidences of rape and sexual abuse. Domestic screening often includes tests for syphilis, gonorrhea, chlamydia, and HIV infection as indicated by history and symptoms.
HIV.
All refugees aged 15 years and older are screened for HIV as part of the overseas examination. It is not a routine part of the recommended domestic screening exam in the US unless deemed necessary by the provider conducting the exam based on risk factors or symptoms of the disease.
Hepatitis B.
Hepatitis B infection is endemic in Africa, Southeast Asia, East Asia, Northern Asia, and most of the Pacific Islands. According to the CDC, the rate of chronic infection among persons emigrating to the US from these areas is between 5% and 15%. Many states require or recommend that all refugees be screened for hepatitis B, and proceed with immunizations for all who are susceptible to this infection.
Lead poisoning.
Lead poisoning is an important health issue for children all around the world. The prevalence of elevated blood lead levels (i.e., BLLs ≥ 10 µg/dL) among newly resettled refugee children is substantially higher than the 2.2% prevalence for US children. A 2001 Massachusetts study found as many as 27% of newly arrived refugee children with elevated BLLs, making refugees one of the highest risk groups. Refugees may be exposed to lead from a number of sources which can include: leaded gasoline, herbal remedies, cosmetics, spices that contain lead, cottage industries that use lead in an unsafe manner, and limited regulation of emissions from larger industries. The detrimental effects of lead on children may occur with no overt symptoms and blood lead testing is the only way to determine exposure or poisoning. The CDC recommends lead testing for newly arrived refugee children younger than 16 years of age. Guidelines for testing vary among states, ranging from testing children younger than six years of age to the CDC age limits of testing those younger than 16 years of age.
Parasitic infections.
Intestinal parasites are a major health problem for many groups, including refugees, and the presence of pathogenic parasites requires medical attention. "Over one billion persons worldwide are estimated to be carriers of Ascaris. Approximately 480 million people are infected with Entamoeba histolytica. At least 500 million carry Trichuris. At present, 200 to 300 million people are infected with one or more of the Schistosoma species and it is estimated that more than 20 million persons throughout the world are infected with Hymenolepsis nana". Consequences of parasitic infection can include anemia due to blood loss and iron deficiency, malnutrition, growth retardation, invasive disease, and death. Refugees are particularly at risk given the likelihood of poor or contaminated water and poor hygienic conditions in camps. Since 1999, the CDC has recommended that US-bound refugee populations from Africa and Southeast Asia undergo presumptive treatment for parasitic infections prior to departure. The US Protocol includes a single dose of albendazole. In many states, the domestic health screening exam recommends that all refugees be screened for parasitic infections whether or not they appear symptomatic. Screening often includes two stool specimens obtained more than 24 hours apart and/or a CBC with differential for evaluation of eosinophilia.
Malaria.
Malaria is considered endemic in the Americas from as far north as Mexico to as far south as Argentina, in Africa from Egypt to South Africa, in Asia from Turkey to Indonesia, and in the islands of Oceania. It is estimated that 300 to 500 million people are infected each year with malaria, and over one million people die every year from the disease, predominantly in sub-Saharan Africa. Based on the high prevalence of asymptomatic malaria in sub-Saharan Africa, the CDC recommends that US-bound refugee populations from this region undergo presumptive treatment prior to departure to the US. For those refugee arrivals from sub-Saharan Africa with no pre-departure treatment documentation, the CDC recommends either they receive presumptive treatment on arrival (preferred) or have laboratory screening to detect Plasmodium infection. For refugees from other areas of the world where asymptomatic malaria is not prevalent, the CDC recommends that any refugee with signs or symptoms of malaria should receive diagnostic testing for Plasmodium, and subsequent treatment for confirmed infections, but not presumptive treatment.
Anemia.
Anemia is a common blood disorder worldwide. The WHO estimates the number of people affected at close to 2 billion. Acquired causes of anemia in refugees and other immigrants include iron deficiency, malaria, parasitic infection, tuberculosis, HIV, and anemia of chronic diseases. There are also several genetically based red blood cell disorders related to geographic distribution that should be considered when assessing an anemic condition, including α and β-thalassemia, hemoglobin E, sickle cell disease, hemoglobin C, G6PD deficiency and red blood cell membrane defects.
Mental health.
Refugee mental health and integration into a new society are exquisitely interwoven. Traumatic experiences that occurred in the home country or during the resulting flight from that country are common. These experiences, in addition to the stresses of resettling in the US, increase the chances of a less successful adjustment to American society. The influence of these traumatic and stressful events may be temporary and manageable with straightforward solutions or may be disabling and enduring. 
High rates of mental health concerns have been documented in various refugee populations. Most studies reveal high rates of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), anxiety, depression, and somatization among newly arrived refugees. Variations reported in the prevalence of PTSD and depression may be ascribed to a number of factors, including prior life in their homeland, the experience of flight from that homeland, life in refugee camps, and stressors during and after resettlement in a third country. More specifically, socioeconomic status, educational background, and gender all affect levels of mental illness. 
It is critical that mental health issues be addressed in the screening process. Leaving behind all that is familiar and starting a new life in a new country with a different language and culture in addition to previous trauma and dislocation produces an immediate challenge that can have long-term effects. This is true whether an individual is coming from Europe, sub-Saharan Africa, Central America, or elsewhere in the world. Many refugees will not share a Western perspective or vocabulary, so questions will need to be explained through specific examples or re-framed in culturally congruent terms with the assistance of an interpreter or bicultural worker. One option is to administer an efficient and valid screener for emotional distress, such as the Refugee Health Screener - 15, in the context of the overall health screening.
Methods of treatment for refugees with mental health issues must also be culturally congruent. Western psychiatric methods may not applicable to individuals who do not conceive of the body and mind in the same way as people in the United States. For example, studies of Tibetan refugees have shown how important the Tibetan religion of Buddhism is in helping the refugees cope with their situation. The religion provides them with an explanation for their situation and hope for a better future. In some cases, indigenous methods of coping and psychological therapy can be integrated with Western methods of therapy to provide a wide spectrum of mental help to refugees. Social support can also be very helpful in preventing mental health issues and coping with living in a new land, so refugees from the same areas should be able to live close to each other.
Adjustment of status exam.
Refugees are eligible to apply for adjustment of status after one year in the US. While most immigrants are required to have a full medical exam at the time of applying for adjustment of status, refugees are an exception. Refugees who arrived without a Class A condition (see Section 2.2.1) only require vaccinations with their adjustment of status; the full medical examination is not required. A full medical exam is only required for refugees if a Class A condition existed prior to arrival in the US. This full medical exam is performed by a Civil Surgeon. Civil Surgeons are designated by the District Director of the US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). Immigration regulations state that each civil surgeon selected shall be a licensed physician with no less than 4 years of professional experience. If only the vaccination assessment is necessary for refugees, this may be performed by either a Civil Surgeon or local public health.
Sample state programs.
Because each state is responsible for coordinating refugee health screenings, protocols vary by state. A sampling of information about various state Refugee Health Programs are listed below:
Bibliography.
Hollifield M, Verbillis-Kolp S, Farmer B, Toolson EC, Woldehaimanot T, Yamazaki J, Holland A, St Clair J, SooHoo J. The Refugee Health Screener-15 (RHS-15): development and validation of an instrument for anxiety, depression, and PTSD in refugees.Gen Hosp Psychiatry 2013; 35:202-209, pmid=23347455.
External links.
Federal Policy
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Refugee Health Provider Guide
Refugee Mental Health
Cultural Competence

</doc>
<doc id="19064376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064376" title="En El Idioma del Amor">
En El Idioma del Amor

En El Idioma del Amor (Eng.: "In the Language of Love"') is the title of a studio album released by romantic music ensemble Grupo Bryndis. This album became their second number-one hit on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart.
Tracklisting.
This information from Billboard.com

</doc>
<doc id="19064378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064378" title="Spiloxene">
Spiloxene

Spiloxene (Cape Star) is a genus of about 25 plant species belonging to the Hypoxidaceae family. Most "Spiloxene" species are native to South Africa, with four native to Australia and New Zealand. The rootstock is a corm, leaves are linear to ovate, and flowers are star or funnel shaped.
References.
Manning, Goldblatt & Snijman. The Color Encyclopedia of Cape Bulbs. Timber Press 2002. SB425 .M335 2002

</doc>
<doc id="19064380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064380" title="World Customs Journal">
World Customs Journal

The World Customs Journal () is a peer-reviewed academic journal that is published twice a year. It was launched at the World Customs Organization's second annual PICARD conference, held in Brussels on 27-28 March 2007.
The "World Customs Journal" covers all aspects of the roles and responsibilities of customs. Special issues have covered the topics of supply chain security and trade facilitation.
The journal is published by the University of Canberra, Australia, and the University of Münster, Germany, on behalf of the International Network of Customs Universities (INCU).

</doc>
<doc id="19064391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064391" title="2008 Aerobic Gymnastics World Championships">
2008 Aerobic Gymnastics World Championships

10th Aerobic Gymnastics World Championships were held in Ulm, Germany from April 25 to April 27, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19064394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064394" title="Oleksandr Zotov">
Oleksandr Zotov

Oleksandr Zotov (; born 23 February 1975 in Yenakiieve, Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine) was a professional Ukrainian football midfielder playing in the professional Ukrainian Premier League club Metalurh Donetsk. He joined Metalurh Donetsk at the beginning of the 2008–09 from Chornomorets Odessa during the summer transfer season.

</doc>
<doc id="19064396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064396" title="Immaculata Regional High School">
Immaculata Regional High School

Immaculata Regional High School is a Roman Catholic high school situated in Kelowna, B.C. Canada. It was under the direction of the Kelowna Catholic Independent School Council.
The school is co-educational, offering academic, fine arts, and business programs, as well as athletic, performing arts, and other extracurricular programs, for students from grades 8 to 12.
The school participates in sporting events under the name of the "Mustangs", with the team colours of Green & Yellow.
History.
In 1860, Father Pandosy is credited with the Catholic education in Central Okanagan. 
In 1938, the Sisters of Charity of Halifax began formal instruction. By September 1950, St. Joseph's Elementary School officially opened for instruction of grades K-7. With the completion of Immaculata High School in 1960.
In September 1995, through the perseverance of Bishop Peter Mallon a new High School, renamed Immaculata Regional High School, was opened. The new facility can house 350 students.
Independent school status.
Immaculata Regional High School is classified as a Group 1 school under British Columbia's Independent School Act. It receives 50% funding from the Ministry of Education. The school receives no funding for capital costs. It is under charge of the Kelowna Catholic Independent School Council.
Academic performance.
Immaculata Regional High School is ranked by the Fraser Institute. In 2007, it's ranked 15th out of 298 BC secondary schools. 
Athletic performance.
Both the Varsity Boys & Girls basketball teams participate in the BC Catholic Basketball Championship, one of the largest tournaments in the province of BC.
Immaculata's Sr. Girls Soccer team has captured its second straight "A" Provincial Championship in 2007/08 season
Immaculata's Sr. Girls Basketball team has captured Provincial "A" Championships in 2005/06 & 2006/07 seasons
Immaculata's Sr. Golf team captured the Provincial "A" Championships in the 2009/10 season and defended there position in the 2010/11 season.
Artistic performance.
Immaculata Regional High School provides students with a variety of performing & non-performing arts.
Notes.
Immaculata Regional High School is one of two Okanagan, Catholic high schools; 
the other being St. Ann's Academy Kamloop's.

</doc>
<doc id="19064406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064406" title="Jonas Platt Goodsell">
Jonas Platt Goodsell

Jonas Platt Goodsell (1819 Utica, Oneida County, New York - November 22, 1869 Durhamville, Oneida County, New York) was an American civil engineer and politician from New York. He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1866 to 1867.
Life.
He was the son of Dr. Thomas Goodsell (1775-1864) and Susan (Livingston) Goodsell (ca. 1797-1864). He was educated at the Utica Academy. 
He began work on the survey for the enlargement of the Erie Canal in 1840, and continued there until 1842. Then he removed to Mobile, Alabama, to improve his health, and staid there until 1844. On November 27, 1845, he married Lavinia Maria Smith at Durhamville.
he was appointed Second Assistant Engineer of the State Canals in 1846, and from 1850 to 1853 was Resident Engineer at Albany, New York. From 1853 to 1856, he was Chief Engineer of the Cape Fear and Deep River Railroad in North Carolina. From 1856 to 1860, he was Division Engineer of the Eastern Division, and from 1862 to 1866 of the Middle Division of the New York State Canals. In 1863 and 1864, he was Supervisor of the Town of Utica. He was State Engineer and Surveyor from 1866 to 1867, elected in 1865 on the Republican ticket, defeating Democrat Sylvanus H. Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="19064431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064431" title="Jim Tetlow">
Jim Tetlow

William James Tetlow (born August 21, 1955) is a theatre consultant, television and theatrical lighting designer based in San Diego, California. He has been the recipient of an Emmy Award, won in 1990 for Sesame Street, and two other nominations. He has been referred to as the guru of entertainment systems design for his work on 29 ships for various brands of the Carnival Corporation cruise ship fleet.
Biography.
Born in 1955 Tetlow is a 1977 graduate of Carnegie Mellon with a BFA in Drama. After working for several years as a free-lance lighting designer, he was hired in 1981 by the renowned Imero Fiorentino Associates (IFA) in New York City. During his ten years at IFA he worked primarily in television including designing the lighting for specials for all of the major television networks. He also designed lighting for corporate projects and exhibits including the Spruce Goose airplane exhibit in Long Beach, California. and the AT&T exhibit at Epcot at Walt Disney World.
Tetlow graduated from Lakewood (Ohio) High School in 1973 and is a member of the LHS Distinguished Alumni Hall of Fame.
In 1990, he left IFA and formed his own company, The Tetlow Company Inc., which provided lighting design for television, live shows, and special events. After expanding into the design of entertainment facilities, the name was changed to Nautilus Entertainment Design in 2000.
Associations.
He is a member of the American Society of Theatre Consultants, the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences, International Photographers Guild#659, The Illuminating Engineering Society, The International Association of Lighting Designers and the American Society of Lighting Designers.
Awards.
His awards include a 1990 Emmy Award for the lighting of "Sesame Street"; a 1987 Monitor Award for "Courting", an original studio drama; and a 1985 Monitor Award for a music video with Jim Henson's Muppets. Additionally, he has received two other Emmy Award nominations and three other Monitor Award Nominations.
Credits.
Theatre consultant.
Tetlow has consulted on the theatres, lounges, and dance clubs for over 29 of the Carnival Cruise Lines ships. Included in his responsibilities are the designs for all audio and communications systems, show lighting systems, automated rigging and mechanical equipment including full-height fly lofts and integrated control systems in each ship’s showroom. Ships that have been part of the consulting services have include the HMS Queen Mary, the largest of the Cunard Fleet, P&O Cruises’ Ventura, the largest cruise ship built for Britain, and the Carnival Splendor, the largest of all the Carnival Cruise Lines' ships.
Lighting design and direction.
Live television credits include the 1992 Democratic National Convention; the 1984, 1988 and 1996 Republican National Conventions, the "Daytime Emmy Awards", the NBC Olympic Broadcast Center "Olympics on NBC" in Barcelona, Spain, the Miss America Pageant and seven years of the Miss Universe Pageant from locations around the world. Other television credits include such diverse productions as "The Tonight Show"; "Sesame Street at the Metropolitan Museum of Art"; the "Radio City Christmas Spectacular"; "Life Magazine's 50th Anniversary Special"; and the world premiere of Andrew Lloyd Webber's "Requiem", for the BBC and several Barbara Walters specials.
Live special events include the Hong Kong Handover Ceremony (Transfer of sovereignty of Hong Kong) and the Macau Handover Ceremonies (Transfer of sovereignty of Macau), numerous Presidential Inaugural Balls, the 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012 United States presidential election debates, the World University Games and the Singapore 25th Jubilee Spectacular”.
Tetlow has also worked extensively as a lighting designer on corporate videos and live theatrical productions for such clients as General Motors, Hewlett-Packard, Daimler-Chrysler, Mercedes Benz, Nissan, Porsche, Michelin, Polaroid, IBM, and an interactive live/video presentation with Mummenschanz for AT&T.
In Las Vegas, he has designed the lighting for "Night Dreams" at the Dunes Hotel, relighting of selected scenes in the “Folies Bergere”, and the 10 year run of "Enter the Night" at the Stardust Hotel. Similar projects include the production of “Beyond Belief” in Sun City, South Africa, and numerous productions onboard various ships for Carnival Cruise Lines.
Exhibit lighting designs include the entire General Motors exhibit at the 2007 and 2008 Detroit Auto Shows or NAIAS as well as the 2005 media event, Hewlett Packard exhibits at CES and at ITU, IBM and Apple exhibits at COMDEX, an AT&T exhibit at Epcot, and temporary exhibits for Porsche, Universal Pictures and Sony HDTV.
Production facility lighting.
In 1993 and 1994, Tetlow consulted for Singapore Broadcasting Corporation, providing lighting training and design services for new studios and upgrading current facilities. For the United States Capitol, combined projects include feasibility studies for the redesign of both the architectural and television lighting of the United States Senate Chamber and the United States House of Representatives Chamber, and lighting consultation for the restoration and video upgrade for two Senate Hearing Rooms.
Architectural lighting.
Architectural lighting design projects include both the interior and exterior lighting of the Silver Star Hotel & Casino in Philadelphia, Missouri, special architectural feature lighting on board the Holland America ship MS Rotterdam; and the Fountain of Angels in Carthage, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="19064440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064440" title="Hemsön">
Hemsön

Hemsön is an island in the Bothnian Sea, northeast of Härnösand, at the mouth of the Ångerman River. The area is 54 km² and the population is 140 (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="19064443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064443" title="Vivary Park">
Vivary Park

Vivary Park is a public open space in Taunton, Somerset, England.
The Sherford Stream, a tributary of the River Tone, flows through the park, which is located near the centre of the town. It contains two main wide open spaces, as well as a war memorial dating from 1922, a miniature golf course, tennis courts, two children's playgrounds, a model railway track which was added in 1979, and an 18-hole, , par-63 golf course. The park includes trees, rose beds and herbaceous borders, with around 56,000 spring and summer bedding plants being used each year. The rose garden includes the Royal National Rose Society Provincial Trial Ground.
The park is a garden of the European Garden Heritage Network.
History.
The park stands on land that was formerly a medieval fish farm, or "vivarium", for Taunton Priory and Taunton Castle. Although nothing remains above ground of these lakes, they are the origin of the name Vivary. Entries in pipe rolls of the 13th and 14th centuries show that bream, pike, and eels were supplied from the "vivarium" to the Castle and sometimes to the royal household. These sources identify two ponds, the "magnum vivarium", or great pond, which probably occupied the low-lying area of the present-day golf-course, and the "parvum vivarium" or little pond, within what is now the park proper. When a trench for a new sewer was cut through the park and its golf course during the 1970s, archaeologists were able to identify the deposits of silt left behind by the medieval fish ponds. 
In 1810 a Mr William Kinglake of Taunton, a lawyer who was also a partner in a local bank, bought the park from the estate of John Hamnett, together with a twenty-roomed house called Wilton House, built in 1705, which is still standing. The gates of the house were at the end of the town's High Street, while its parkland stretched away from the town towards the Blackdown Hills, with chestnut trees and a stream. Kinglake was the father of the writer Alexander William Kinglake, who grew up at Vivary. The Kinglake family called the property 'The Vivary'.
Long before the park was publicly owned, it was known as Vivary Park and was used for some public events. It was lent by William Kinglake to provide the site of the West of England Show of 1852. He was also sympathetic to the Bristol and Somerset Total Abstinence Association and allowed the park to be used for its Public Tea Meeting and Demonstration on 17 August 1852. The first exhibition of the Vale of Taunton Deane Horticultural and Floricultural Society was held in the park on 21 and 22 June, 1855, and in 1883 a ten-day 'Temperance mission' was held in the park, at which "as many as 1,500 new pledges" of abstinence from alcohol were made. 
In the mid 19th century, the park contained a Crimean War cannon known as the 'Sebastopol Gun', which was fired on great occasions.
In 1875, a local author wrote with real foresight – 
Two decades later, Vivary Park was still owned by the Kinglake family, but in 1894 they sold it to the Municipal Borough of Taunton for £3,659 (equal to around £230,000 in 2010), to encourage healthier lifestyles and to provide recreational opportunity for the urban working class, as set out in the Public Health Act of 1875. 
The arrangement of the park is still very much as was when first laid out in 1895. It is entered through a pair of cast iron gates, dating from 1895, made by the Saracen Foundry of Glasgow, who also made the Queen Victoria Memorial Fountain of 1907. Since 2000 the fountain has been restored, with funding from the Heritage Lottery Fund, and the park was re-opened by Queen Elizabeth II in May 2002. The bandstand also dates from 1895, while two huge oak trees were planted in 1902 to mark the coronation of King Edward VII. Just within the main gates, the war memorial was erected in 1922.
Taunton Flower Show has been held annually in the park since the 19th century. It has been described as "The Chelsea of the West", and attracts around 24,000 visitors over its two days. 
In 1974, Frederick Jago, a man of 38, broke the world record for non-stop walking by covering a distance of 304.26 miles within the park. This took him 116 hours, 34 minutes, between 27 September and 2 October.
The current lake was created during the 1980s. Originally constructed as a stormwater measure, it is now home to several species of water birds, including mallards, moorhens, ruddy and laysan ducks, Chinese geese, and kingfishers.

</doc>
<doc id="19064449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064449" title="Demandware">
Demandware

Demandware is a public eCommerce merchant based out of Boston, MA. Founded in 2004 by Stephan Schambach, Demandware develops eCommerce software technology for online retailers across the world. Demandware has branch offices in France and Germany. They are known for their on-demand commerce platform for eCommerce merchants. Their products include merchandising and catalog management tools that allow merchants to configure their own sites without requiring additional development efforts. Included with their products are online instructor classes, on site classes, hands on training, and a 24/7 knowledge support base. There are two ways to deploy Demandware: Create and launch the website yourself, or use a Demandware partner to facilitate the launch.
Clients.
Demandware currently serves over 100 clients including VineyardVines, Life is Good, BootBarn, Guthy-Renker, Playmobil, Sanrio, Nine West, Jewelry Television, Sally Beauty Supply, Zabar's, Bare Escentuals, House of Fraser, Compact Appliance, Dutch Gardens, and Gardener’s Supply Company. 
In 2006, Sanrio announced the launch of their new eCommerce site with Demandware.
Also in 2006, Bare Escentuals launched bareminerals.com with the Demandware platform.
Early in 2007, Demandware launched Playboy’s new eCommerce sites: shopthebunny.com and playboystore.com.
Also in 2007, Demandware launched 10 country sites for toy manufacturer Playmobil.
Later in 2007, Demandware launched Sally Beauty Supply’s new eCommerce site.
Most recently in 2008, PFSweb announced the launch of an end-to-end solution for Roots Canada Ltd. that features the Demandware eCommerce Platform and integration.
Recognition.
In May 2010, Panasonic selected Demandware to power European eCommerce Initiative. Demandware was also positioned in Challenger Quadrant in Leading Industry Analyst Firm’s E-Commerce Magic Quadrant.
In June 2010, Demandware was listed as one of the Lead411's Hottest Boston Companies.

</doc>
<doc id="19064453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064453" title="Roxanne Swentzell">
Roxanne Swentzell

Roxanne Swentzell (born 1962, Taos, New Mexico) is a renowned Santa Clara Pueblo ceramic sculptor. Swentzell is known for her rounded figures of indigenous people, primarily women. Her mother, Rina Swentzell is a noted Native Americana artist, author and scholar.
Roxanne Swentzell loved art from an early age. As a child, Swentzell struggled with a speech impediment that prevented her from communicating. Unable to articulate her emotions through words she began to make miniature figures in clay to convey her feelings. The sculptures she created as a means to express herself to others continues to be her primary artistic medium to date. 
While still in high school, Swentzell attended the Institute for American Indian Arts in Santa Fe, New Mexico. In 1979, the young artist left home for the Portland Museum Art School Art School because of its emphasis on the human figure. At the Portland Museum Art School she progressively grew unhappy. After one year in Portland, the homesick Swentzell returned to Santa Clara Pueblo. Back in her native soil she began to build her family and home while her creativity flourished.
Swentzell’s clay sculptures have moved and delighted audiences around the world. Her artistic endeavors have won Swentzell numerous awards since her early twenties.
Swentzell’s first display of her work was at the annual Indian Market in Santa Fe in 1984; two years later she won a total of eight awards for her sculpture and pottery at the same event. In 1994, Swentzell also won the Market’s Creative Excellence in Sculpture award. Swentzell’s work has a contemporary twist while still being grounded in her Native American history with reflects a deep respect for the earth, family, and tradition. Her sculptures have showcased at the White House in Washington, D.C. and in galleries and museums worldwide. Some of her permanent installations are at the Smithsonian’s National Museum of the American Indian, Cartier in Paris, the Santa Fe Convention Center, and the Museum of Wellington in New Zealand.
Biography.
Early Life 
Roxanne Swentzell was born on December 9, 1962 in Taos, New Mexico, a Pueblo located in a tributary valley off the Rio Grande. Her parents Ralph and Rina Swentzell nurtured and facilitated Swentzell’s interest in art early on in her life. Her father was a philosophy professor of German descent at St. John’s College. Her mother, Rina Swentzell, is a distinguished activist, scholar, and architect who came from a Santa Clara Pueblo family of artists. Roxanne’s uncle, Tito Naranjo, is a scholar and artist. Michael Naranjo, another uncle, is a well-recognized sculptor who was blinded in the Vietnam War. Two of Swentzell’s aunts, Jody Folwell and Nora Naranjo-Morse, are admired potters in the art community. 
As a young child Swentzell began to experiment with clay, creating tiny figures to convey her feelings. Roxanne found it exceedingly difficult to communicate through speech because of a speech impediment. The desperate need to express her feelings provoked her to collect scraps of clay from her mother, a potter, to create figures to illustrate her feelings. When she was in first grade, Swentzell molded a small clay school desk with sad, weeping little girl slouched in it. The sculpture was meant to explain her unhappiness at school to her mother. Sculpting became Swentzell’s primary means of communication: an emotional outlet and safe haven to express her feelings. Swentzell’s teachers were amazed by her clay figures and took a special interest in developing her talents as a young sculptor. 
The descendant of a long line of the talented potters of the Santa Clara Pueblo, Swentzell was no stranger to the traditional methods of pottery making. She grew up watching her mother make pots in the traditional Pueblo technique of hand-coiling and learned from an early age how to dig, mix and process her own clay. 
Education
The initial difficulties that Swentzell encountered in grade school continued throughout her formal education. Discontented, Swentzell exhausted every art opportunity at her high school. In 1978, Swentzell’s parents enrolled her in the Institute of American Indian Arts (IAIA) in Santa Fe. It was here that Swentzell gave her first art show in the school’s museum. Following her two years at IAIA, Swentzell attended Portland’s Museum Art School in 1980. However, Swentzell soon grew homesick after one year of study. Swentzell’s homesickness stemmed from her growing dissatisfaction and disillusionment with Portland’s art scene. She found that artists in Portland separated art from their everyday lives and their art did not thus reflect what surrounded them. This was especially disheartening to Swentzell, as her art had always been inspired by her own life experiences. 
While Swentzell’s formal education ended with her departure from The Portland Museum Art School, Swentzell does not consider that the end of her education. Swentzell has said that “Everyday is an amazing new book, a test in every discipline, a chance to advance myself, and great times on the playground.” This philosophy is reflected in her decision to home school her two children. Of this experience, Swentzell has commented that raising and home schooling her children was an education for her as well. 
Personal life
Swentzell’s ability to balance her family obligations and art has resulted in a dual prosperity for her family and her artistic endeavors. Swentzell’s children, Rose Bean Simpson and Porter Swentzell, followed in the family tradition of making art. Rose Bean Simpson is a graduate of the Rhode Island School of Design and is an up-and-coming mixed media artist and singer. Porter Swentzell is a performer of traditional ceremonial dances and a singer. Swentzell home-schooled both her children and the children of several neighbors. Remembering how much trouble she had in school, Swentzell was happy to have provided a nurturing education for her own children and others.
Furthermore, Swentzell’s deep relationship with nature has given birth to an oasis of trees and gardens in the high desert landscape of Santa Clara Pueblo that she calls home. Swentzell lives in a solar-powered adobe house that she built herself. Here, she partakes in the pueblos ceremonial dances and feast. 
In addition to her art, Swentzell farms her own land to provide self-sustenance. Swentzell is the Co-Founder and President of the nonprofit Flowering Tree Permaculture Institute created in 1987 at the Santa Clara Pueblo. Flowering Tree is an organization that is based on the theory of ecological design which seeks to build sustainable human living and agriculture. The Institute provides lessons on different techniques and methods for healthy living. Some classes taught at the Flowering Tree Permaculture Institute include: how to farm, how to farm in a high desert climate with low water use, how to take care of animals, adobe construction, and solar energy. Swentzell’s work with Flowering Tree Permaculture Institute reflects her dedication to nurturing the Earth and sustaining its resources. To further her work with the Institute, and to her own personal philosophy, Swentzell looks to her Native American ancestors as examples of preservers and protectors of the earth. Her concerns extend not only to preserving the earth,but to preserving the traditional Native American approach of conservation.
Work.
Swentzell demonstrates her remarkable and versatile talent in her diverse collection of work. Her sculptures are emotional portrayals of her own personal experiences. Though deeply personal, her art is also intensely rooted in her Santa Clara Pueblos traditions. The subjects of her work are predominantly female and focus on issues such as gender roles, identity, politics, family, and the past.
Like in traditional Pueblo pottery, Swentzell crafts her clay figures from coils of clay. Swentzell, however, differs from other Pueblo potters who dig, sift, clean, and process their own clay by choosing to use store bought clay. Swentzell has stated that she is not overly concerned that her clay is store bought, as clay, no matter where it comes from, comes from the earth. 
Once Swentzell has her clay, she squeezes the clay into thick coils and then joins the coils together to build the walls of her figure. During the two- to four-day process of coiling, Swentzell keeps the clay moist. and uses a knife or stone to smooth over the ridges of the coils. While Swentzell’s figures are hollow, the toes and fingers of each figure is solid. Swentzell leaves vacant space at the core of her figures in order to reduce the chance the figure will explode in the burner while baking. The final figure Swentzell produces is often painted and can include painted details of eyes, hair or clothing on the figure.
Swentzell’s Santa Clara heritage can especially be seen in her Clown figures. A clown, or Kosha in the Pueblo belief, is a sacred being that often teaches through its actions. Swenztell’s Despairing Clown figure is a comment on the loss of one’s identity. The sculpture itself is a clown who looks down sadly as he peels of his stripes and seeks to convey the struggle of finding oneself again. Emergence of the Clowns (1989), symbolizes the surfacing of the Pueblo people into this world. Three of the figures in Emergence are partial human forms which progressively lead to concluding figure who is complete. Each partial form is meant to capture the emotion of amazement, knowledge, and awe. The stages of ascendancy in Emergence, shown in each figure’s development, further accentuates the Pueblo’s collective journey upward.
Pinup (2000) and In Crisis (1999) address what Swentzell’s believes to be the unrealistic physical expectations placed by popular culture on young women and the resulting struggle by women with self-image and identity. In Pinup, the Native American woman’s unemotional face is painted white, like that of a Geisha. The figure covers her nude form behind a headless poster of a thin,bikini-wearing model (similar to the graphic posters of Playboy pin-ups from the late 1970s by Patrick Nagel). The figure struggles to fit into societie’s preconceived image for her, hiding behind the mask of an unobtainable picture, both in color and shape. The burden of the “perfect” body and face weighs heavily on the figure, that the figure is reduced to a slouched, defeated posture; the figure’s fingers and toes are unadorned by make-up and the poster, and expose the figure’s genuine beautiful nature. 
Swentzell’s In Crisis, seeks to explore the media’s influence on beauty and identity. The figure in this piece is conscious of the effect the media and pop culture is having on her. The figure struggles to fight off these projected ideals of beauty and identity by clawing her own hand. Yet, the figure’s own brightly painted red fingernails symbolize the danger the media poses to her. 
Swentzell’s likens her artwork to a personal journal that is shared with all who are interested. Swentzell continues to sculpt her story as it unfolds and her art represents the path that Swentzell has crafted for herself: one that is led by her emotions, experiences, and creation of art.

</doc>
<doc id="19064458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064458" title="R v Betts and Ridley">
R v Betts and Ridley

R v Betts and Ridley (1930) 22 Cr App R 148 is a landmark case in English criminal law from 1930, which established that to be convicted of a crime under the doctrine of Common purpose, it was not necessary for an accessory to actually be present when the offence was carried out.
Facts.
Victor Betts and Herbert Ridley agreed to rob a man, William Thomas Andrews, as he was on his way to the bank. Their plan was that Betts would push the individual to the ground and snatch his bag. Meanwhile Ridley would be waiting around the corner in a getaway car. However, Betts struck Andrews with such force that he died as a result of the blow.
Judgment.
Both were subsequently convicted of murder and sentenced to death. An appeal against the murder conviction by both men was dismissed. How the Home Secretary advise the king to respite the capital sentence in the case of Ridley to penal servitude for life.
Despite a petition with 12,000 signatures, Betts was hanged at Birmingham Prison on 3 January 1931 by Thomas Pierrepoint. A crowd of several hundred people gathered as a nearby factory sounded its whistle to mark the fateful hour.

</doc>
<doc id="19064476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064476" title="Vadym Sapay">
Vadym Sapay

Vadym Sapay (born 7 February 1986 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder playing in the professional Ukrainian Premier League with club Vorskla Poltava. He joined Vorskla Poltava in the summer transfer season of 2012 from Obolon Kyiv.

</doc>
<doc id="19064482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064482" title="Texas Severe Storms Association">
Texas Severe Storms Association

The Texas Severe Storms Association (TESSA) is a national non-profit organization founded in 1993 by storm chaser Martin Lisius. Lisius currently serves as chairperson. The organization’s mission is to bring together both professional meteorologists and weather enthusiasts in an attempt to better understand dangerous storms through the collection and diffusion of knowledge. It's scope is national but focuses on Texas.
TESSA hosts the "National Storm Conference" every March in North Texas. One of the conference highlights is the "Super Storm Spotter" Training Session, which the organization bills as the most advanced storm spotter training available in the nation. The event attracts storm spotters, storm chasers, forecasters, researchers, educators, and emergency managers from across the United States. 
In 1995, TESSA, in partnership with the National Weather Service, produced the "StormWatch" spotter training video, which is used nationally. "StormWatch" was written and directed by Martin Lisius and co-produced by meteorologists Alan Moller and Gary Woodall.

</doc>
<doc id="19064499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064499" title="Capital Scotland">
Capital Scotland

Capital Scotland (formerly known as Beat 106, XFM Scotland as part of the XFM franchise and then as Galaxy Scotland) is a regional radio station broadcasting to Scotland's Central Belt, an area surrounding the two cities of Glasgow and Edinburgh, and the kingdom of Fife. The station launched as part of the Galaxy network on Friday 7 November 2008. It is owned by Communicorp and operates under the nine-station Capital network from 3 January 2011.
History.
Beat 106.
The station originally began on 19 November 1999 as Beat 106, a new rock and dance station. The first presenter on-air, at 1:06 pm on launch day, was Matt Finlay, who stayed at the station until late 2005. His first words were "Is this thing on?". The first song on the station was 'Revolution No.9' by The Beatles followed by Fatboy Slim's 'Right Here, Right Now'. Other presenters at launch included George Bowie, Gina McKie, Graham Stewart and Jim Gellatly. Beat 106 closed on 1 January 2006, playing a countdown of the top 1000 tracks voted for by visitors to its website, entitled ""The X-List"".
Beat 106 was originally established by the Big Beat Group, headed up by a group of nightclub promoters from Glasgow. However, just a few months into its existence, in July 2000, it was bought by the Capital Radio Group who turned the focus more towards dance music (later changing it back to more of a rock/dance format). In 2005, Capital Radio merged with the GWR Group to form GCap Media, creating the UK's largest commercial radio group.
XFM Scotland.
The rebranding of Beat 106 to XFM was one of a number of measures announced by GCap to improve their corporate performance following the merger. The original XFM station was XFM London and the rebranding in Scotland occurred four months before the expected launch of XFM Manchester.
XFM Scotland programmes were launched by breakfast presenter Dominik Diamond on 4 January 2006 with 'Loaded' by Primal Scream as the first song played on the relaunched station. A major marketing campaign was launched a year later in a bid to try to regain lost listeners since the rebrand. By September 2007, the station was only reaching audience shares of 2.6% in the West and 4.1% in the East.
On 11 February 2008 GCap Media announced that they would be selling the analogue licence for the station. GCap later became part of Global Radio and it was decided to keep the licence.
On 28 August 2008, Jim Gellatly announced that his last show would be broadcast that day and he would be leaving the station together with a number of colleagues. By the time of XFM's rebrand as Galaxy, station audience shares had fallen further to 2.4% in the West and 2.6% in the East.
Galaxy Scotland.
On 27 August 2008 new owners Global Radio announced they would re-brand XFM Scotland as Galaxy Scotland. The rebrand was part of Global Radio’s major strategy to expand the brand across outside of Scotland and into parts of England. Local programming on the station consisted of daily breakfast, weekday drivetime and specialist shows with networked programming broadcast from Leeds.
Galaxy Scotland joined the Galaxy Network on 7 November 2008. XFM finished on air at approximately 3.30 pm that day, followed immediately by a 15-minute launch sequence for Galaxy. Galaxy programming started by 4 pm the same afternoon, with Gary Spence from the former Vibe 105-108 FM first to open the mic live on-air on the newly launched Galaxy. Networked programming from the Galaxy network went out as normal that evening, although Dave Kelly presented his show from Glasgow on this occasion instead of from the usual Leeds studios at Galaxy 105 Yorkshire. However, the live show he did on this occasion went out on Scotland only, with the remainder of the network taking a pre-recorded show.
Since launching in November 2008, Galaxy Scotland gained 429,000 listeners providing almost 3.2 million listening hours per week. In the 12 months up to May 2010, the station doubled its number of listeners. As of Monday 12 July 2010, Galaxy Scotland changed their tagline from "Love Music" to "Scotland's No 1 Hit Music Station" in line with the other Galaxy stations across the UK.
105–106 Capital.
The station was re-branded as 105–106 Capital on 3 January 2011 as part of a merger of Global Radio's Galaxy and Hit Music networks to form the nine-station Capital radio network. Local breakfast and drivetime output was retained with most networked programming now broadcast from the network's London studios.
Galaxy Scotland breakfast presenters Des Clarke and Jennie Cook, drivetime presenter Garry Spence and weekend breakfast presenter Ryan Morrison all retained their jobs with the relaunched station. Former Clyde 1 breakfast presenter/producer Adele Cunningham replaced Morrison as the station's Saturday morning presenter from 2 July 2011 and took over the Sunday morning slot in January 2012 following the departure of Dave Connor.
In addition to local output, Capital Scotland also produced a networked dance music show on Saturday overnights, which was networked across the Capital network until July 2012.
On 1 July 2011, Global Radio requested to change the formats of Capital Birmingham and Capital Scotland which have obligations from previous owners – this is to enable all nine Capital FM stations to be inline. On 17 November 2011 it was announced Ofcom approved two format change requests.
On 6 February 2014, Global Radio announced it would be selling Capital Scotland to Communicorp. Capital's network programming and brand name will remain and be used under contract.

</doc>
<doc id="19064510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064510" title="Pennsylvania Mutiny of 1783">
Pennsylvania Mutiny of 1783

The Pennsylvania Mutiny of 1783 (also known as the Philadelphia Mutiny) was an anti-government protest by nearly 400 soldiers of the Continental Army in June 1783. The mutiny, and the refusal of the Executive Council of Pennsylvania to stop it, ultimately resulted in Congress vacating Philadelphia and the creation of a federal district to serve as the national capital.
Background.
From March 1781, the Congress of the Confederation and the Supreme Executive Council of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania were situated at the Pennsylvania State House (now known as Independence Hall) in Philadelphia. Under the authority of the Articles of Confederation, the national government did not have direct control over the military, except in times of war, and was largely reliant on the use of state militias to enforce laws and keep order.
On June 17, 1783, Congress received a message from soldiers of the Continental Army stationed in Philadelphia, which demanded payment for their service during the American Revolutionary War. The soldiers threatened to take action that day if their complaints were not addressed. Congress ignored their message, but the soldiers did not act on their threat. Two days later, however, the Congress received word that a group of about 80 soldiers had left their post at Lancaster, Pennsylvania, approximately west of Philadelphia, and had joined with the soldiers stationed at the city barracks. The group of approximately 500 men had effective control over the weapons stores and munition depot.
Protests.
The next morning on June 20, the State House was mobbed by as many as 400 soldiers demanding payment. The soldiers blocked the door and initially refused to allow the delegates to leave. Alexander Hamilton, then a delegate from New York, persuaded the soldiers to allow Congress to meet later to address their concerns. The soldiers did allow the members of Congress to peacefully adjourn that afternoon. That evening, a small Congressional committee, headed by Hamilton, met in secret to draft a message to the Pennsylvania Council, asking them to protect Congress from the mutineers. The letter threatened that Congress would be forced to move elsewhere if the Council did not act.
On June 21, the Congressional committee met again at the State House with members of the Pennsylvania Executive Council, including its president, John Dickinson. The members of Congress asked the council to do more to protect the federal government. Dickinson and the council agreed to consult with the militia commanders and reply to Congress the next day. The following morning, the Pennsylvania Council again refused Congress' request. Lacking sufficient assurances that the state would be willing to protect Congress, the members left Philadelphia that day for Princeton, New Jersey.
Effect.
There are three reasons put forth as to why Dickinson and the Pennsylvania Council did not act. The Council's official reasoning was that they were unsure that the local militiamen would actually protect Congress from their fellow soldiers. Further, the council may have thought that the conflict was not as serious as Congress believed and that the mutiny could be resolved peacefully. The second theory put forth is that Dickinson, having been an officer in the militia, was sympathetic to the soldiers' grievances. The third theory is that the Council refused to allow Pennsylvania, a sovereign state, to be subjugated by the demands of a few members of Congress.
After Congress completed its business at Princeton in early November 1783, the capital was moved later that month to Annapolis, Maryland, then to Trenton, New Jersey in November 1784, and finally to New York City in January 1785. It was not until the Constitutional Convention in 1787 that delegates decided to meet again in Philadelphia. Pennsylvania's failure to protect the institutions of the national government, however, was a primary reason why the framers of the Constitution decided to create a federal district, distinct from the states, where Congress could provide for its own security. The delegates therefore agreed in Article One, Section 8, of the United States Constitution to give the Congress the power "to exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by cession of particular states, and the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the government of the United States".
Following the ratification of the United States Constitution by the state of New York in 1788, the delegates agreed to keep New York City as the temporary federal capital. In 1790, Congress passed the Residence Act, which created the District of Columbia, located on the banks Potomac River between the states of Maryland and Virginia, to serve as the new federal capital. Robert Morris, a representative from Pennsylvania, convinced Congress to return to Philadelphia while the new permanent capital was being built. As a result, the Residence Act also declared Philadelphia to be the temporary capital for a period of 10 years. In a final attempt to convince Congress to keep the capital in Philadelphia, the city began construction on a new Presidential palace and an expansion to Congress Hall. However, their efforts failed, and the national government relocated from Philadelphia for the final time on May 14, 1800.

</doc>
<doc id="19064519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064519" title="Sophia (journal)">
Sophia (journal)

Sophia is an academic journal devoted to philosophy of religion and philosophical theology, founded in 1962. From 2001 Sophia was published by Ashgate Publishing in collaboration with the Australasian Society for Philosophy of Religion. The journal has now moved to Springer. The editors in chief are Purushottama Bilimoria, Patrick Hutchings, and Jay Garfield. 
Together with the Australasian Journal of Philosophy, it is one of the most prominent Australian journals on philosophy of religion and related topics. It prides itself in its cross-cultural approach, which is reflected in the international composition of its editorial board and the diverse philosophical traditions in which its contributors work, ranging from analytic, continental to Asian and indigenous.

</doc>
<doc id="19064529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064529" title="TradeArt">
TradeArt

TradeArt is an underground art magazine first published by TradeArt Incorporated in March 1999. TradeArt began in the Maryland suburbs of Washington, DC just as artists were demanding more arts coverage in mainstream newspapers. With The Washington Star out of publication, a public not yet won over by The Washington Times, and USA Today offering mainly snippets of national news, The Washington Post was the area's leading news source. Artists had to compete for limited coverage of the arts and cultural events.
Free creative expression.
TradeArt allowed artists to design their own news source. It was based on sourcebook advertising, a tool of the trade for commercial illustrators, photographers and designers offering creative services to advertising agencies, design studios, and publishing companies. Unlike sourcebooks, TradeArt mainly targeted classically trained artists. Poets, painters, sculptors, dancers, musicians and actors were encouraged to express their arts ideas without the judgment of art critics and without censorship. 
With its barter ads allowing artists with limited financial resources to acquire products without exchanging money, its no holds barred editorial content, and its free diffusion in public spaces, it was an irreverent voice in the conservative political capital. The Washington Post quickly hailed it as a "chance for artists to showcase and barter their work." News about the bimonthly art magazine spread across the nation. The Fort Wayne-The Journal Gazette noted that ""TradeArt" opens doors for artists." Other newspapers focused their headlines on "TradeArt's" barter ads, which allowed artists to trade art for professional services.
From underground to overseas.
In 2000, TradeArt's publisher reorganized as a national nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization. Publication was interrupted between 2001 and 2004, when the public charitable organization led artists on an international solidarity project with children.
In 2005, TradeArt Incorporated transferred the publication rights to TradeArt Abroad, an international association established in France in 2004. TradeArt Abroad aimed to extend TradeArt to artists in countries where poverty is an issue. The international recreated "TradeArt", The voice of the international artist community" as a bilingual quarterly. The bilingual version, edited in English and French, was published in Paris in January 2007. With a seed grant from the European Commission, its first objective was to open doors for artists affected by the persistent socioeconomic crises in France.
Association TradeArt Abroad relinquished the publication rights to TradeArt Incorporated in 2008.
TradeArt
ISSN 1523-4347
Founded: 1999
Format: 7 x 10.75"
Colors: Black and white
Circulation: 2000 bimonthly
Publisher: TradeArt Incorporated

</doc>
<doc id="19064544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064544" title="Mike Strickland">
Mike Strickland

Mike Strickland (born August 11, 1951) was a Canadian Football League running back for the BC Lions from 1975 through 1977, and for the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1978 and 1979. He was an All-Star in 1976 and won the Eddie James Memorial Trophy that same season.

</doc>
<doc id="19064558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064558" title="Joseph Cole">
Joseph Cole

Joseph Cole is an American film cinematographer and producer. He was raised on Mercer Island, where he met his lifelong friend and film collaborator, Bjorn Anderson. Soon after Joseph had graduated from the New York Film Academy, Bjorn had pitched the idea for their first feature film together, "Warrior's End". They worked together again on the horror movie, "Eyes in the Dark".

</doc>
<doc id="19064560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064560" title="First Federal Bank of the Midwest">
First Federal Bank of the Midwest

First Federal Bank of the Midwest, is an Ohio based savings association based in Defiance, Ohio. The bank is the largest subsidiary of First Defiance Financial Corporation. It currently operates 28 full service banking offices and 35 ATMs in Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="19064567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064567" title="Conniver">
Conniver

Conniver (1944–1970) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was voted the 1948 American Champion Older Female Horse. Bred by Alfred G. Vanderbilt II, she was purchase as a yearling by New York City businessman and sculptor, Harry La Montagne.
When her racing days were over, Conniver was used as a broodmare. Of her six foals, Clandestine and Plotter won important American Graded stakes races.

</doc>
<doc id="19064575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064575" title="Volodymyr Romanenko">
Volodymyr Romanenko

Volodymyr Romanenko (born 8 June 1985 in Sumy, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder. He joined FC Banants in the summer transfer season of 2009 from FC Metalurh Donetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="19064616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064616" title="List of atheists (surnames N to Q)">
List of atheists (surnames N to Q)

Atheists with surnames starting N, O, P and Q, sortable by the field for which they are mainly known and nationality.

</doc>
<doc id="19064624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064624" title="Ryan Christenson">
Ryan Christenson

Ryan Alan Christenson (born March 28, 1974 in Redlands, California) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He batted and threw right-handed. He attended college at Pepperdine University and was drafted by the Oakland Athletics in the 10th round of the 1995 Major League Baseball Draft. He played 6 seasons in Major League Baseball with the Oakland Athletics (-), was traded to the Arizona Diamondbacks for the finish of the 2001 season, and one season each with the Milwaukee Brewers in and the Texas Rangers in . Christenson played in 452 games in his career, with 222 hits in 998 at-bats (a .222 batting average). He had 16 home runs, 16 stolen bases, and 102 RBI.
Christenson signed with the Long Island Ducks for the 2006 season after 3 years away from baseball. he hit .269 with 13 home runs and 51 rbi. He signed with the Niagara falls Bison for the 2007 season the team reportedly paid him 85,000 dollars for the season. He batted .273 with 30 home runs and 86 rbi, leading the waterfall league in both home runs and rbi.
In 2013, Christenson was a manager in the Oakland Athletics minor league farm system for the Beloit Snappers of the Midwest League. At the end of the year, the Athletics announced that Christenson would become the manager for the Stockton Ports of the California League for the 2014 season. 

</doc>
<doc id="19064625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064625" title="Judgement Day (album)">
Judgement Day (album)

Judgement Day is the second studio album by Esham. On June 6, 2006, a "Judgement Day" box set was released, containing both original volumes and previously unreleased material.
Production.
Reel Life Productions founder and Esham's brother James Smith decided that Esham should record a double album following the release of Prince's "Love Symbol Album". Smith thought that if an R&B artist could record a double album, a rapper should record a double album. However, it is not the first double album in hip hop, as previously DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince released "He's the DJ, I'm the Rapper", which was a double album in its original vinyl configuration.
Music.
While the lyrical content of "Judgement Day" is similar to that of Esham's debut, "Boomin' Words from Hell", the music features a heavier use of rock samples. The album's rock-based sound influenced rap rock artists such as Kid Rock.
Release history.
"Judgement Day" was released separately in two volumes, "Day" and "Night", on April 9, 1992. On June 6, 2006, a "Judgement Day" box set was released, featuring both original volumes remastered, two volumes of previously unreleased material, the exclusive album "Martyr City", an illustrated booklet with a short autobiography written by Esham detailing the days of the original "Judgement Day" release as well as a background story for "Martyr City", a live concert DVD, deluxe packaging and a Certificate of Authenticity.
Reception.
Allmusic's Jason Birchmeier wrote that "Judgement Day, Vol. 1" "may not be his most well-crafted work, but it certainly stands as his most inspired work of the '90s", while "Vol. 2" "isn't quite as strong as the first volume, suffering mostly from a number of weak tracks [...] the first volume doesn't rely quite so much on cheap shock, instead focusing on evocative horror motifs, making "Judgement Day, Vol. 2" the less important of the two."

</doc>
<doc id="19064642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064642" title="Clifford Ivory">
Clifford Ivory

Clifford Ivory (born October 8, 1975 in Thomasville, Georgia) is a former cornerback in the Canadian Football League with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and the Toronto Argonauts. He once shared the Argonauts' record for most interceptions returned for touchdowns with 5 along with Ed Berry and Adrion Smith, before Byron Parker broke the record with his 6th interception return for a touchdown in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19064644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064644" title="711 Squadron (Portugal)">
711 Squadron (Portugal)

The 711 Squadron ""Albatrozes"" ("Esquadra 711") was a flying squadron of the Portuguese Air Force. Its primary mission was Search and Rescue and it had has secondary missions tactical air transport and general air transport in the Azores archipelago. During the time it was active it was the only operational squadron in the Portuguese military to operate both rotary- and fixed-wing aircraft.
History.
The origin of 711 Squadron dates back to the first search and rescue squadron (41 Squadron) of the Portuguese Air Force based at Lajes Air Base (, BA6), in Azores, which operated SB-17G Flying Fortress, C-54 Skymaster, Grumman HU-16 Albatross, and Sikorsky H-19. In 1976 two new squadrons were created to replace 41 Squadron: 503 Squadron ""Golfinhos"", designated then has Maritime Patrol and Transport Squadron (), equipped with CASA C-212-100 Aviocar aircraft, and No. 42 Search and Rescue Squadron (), later renamed 752 Squadron ""Pumas"", operating Aérospatiale SA 330 Puma helicopters. On October 19, 1993, with the merger of these two squadrons, 711 Squadron was activated.
In addition to its primary search and rescue mission, the squadron executed transport and medical evacuations between the islands of the archipelago. This missions resulted in 13,300 flights, 34,000 transported passengers, 700 tons of cargo and 2,759 lives saved in search and rescue operations, 20,095 medical evacuations during 24,038 flying hours. Since 1994, the squadron also supported the medical evacuation of pregnant women from islands without proper medical facilities to the archipelago's hospitals, which marked during its operational history 6 births aboard the Aviocar and 12 births aboard the Puma.
With a reorganization in the operation structure of the Air Force in Azores, the helicopter flight of the squadron was deactivated on November 30, 2006, and was replaced by a detachment of 752 Squadron. Later, on April 11, 2007, the whole squadron was temporarily deactivated and the missions executed by its fixed-wing aircraft were taken over by a detachment of 502 Squadron. This temporary deactivation was due to the entry in service of the AgustaWestland EH-101 and EADS CASA C-295 that were to replace the SA 330 Puma and C-212 Aviocar, respectively. Its objective was for two years to gain experience and test through the squadrons' detachments new concepts in maintenance for the aircraft to enter service.
In 2008 the deactivation was made final and the squadron was disbanded and the 502 and 751 Squadrons detachments, part of the Azores Air Detachment (, DAA) were made permanent.

</doc>
<doc id="19064646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064646" title="Robert L. Chapman">
Robert L. Chapman

Robert Lundquist Chapman (December 28, 1920–January 27, 2002, age 81) was an American professor of English literature who edited several dictionaries and thesauri.
Chapman was born in Huntington, West Virginia to Curtis W. Chapman, a typewriter mechanic, and Cecelia Lundquist Chapman, a homemaker. Chapman graduated from Detroit Cooley High School in 1939. As a young man, he worked in factories and drove a truck, then enrolled at the University of Michigan to study English literature. One of his teachers at Michigan was the poet W.H. Auden. Chapman's college career was interrupted by World War II, when he served in Europe with the United States Army. He returned to Michigan afterwards and received his bachelor's, master's and doctorate degrees.
Over the years, Chapman taught English at Cornell University, Oswego State Teachers College, Wilkes College, and Drew University, with whom he became a professor emeritus in 1986. He specialized in medieval literature, and was jokingly said to resemble Geoffrey Chaucer in appearance. Between his teaching jobs, Chapman held various full-time editing positions. From 1960 to 1964, he worked for Funk & Wagnalls, where he served as a supervising editor for "Funk & Wagnalls Standard College Dictionary". He also had a brief stint with Holt, Rinehart & Winston, for whom he helped edit the 1966 release of the "Holt Intermediate Dictionary of American English".
Chapman is arguably best remembered for editing the fourth and fifth editions of "Roget's Thesaurus", published by Harper Collins in 1977 and 1992. Chapman chose to retain Roget's original system of numbered categories rather than use an alphabetical system, which he found "jejune". To the fifth edition, he added thirty new categories and over 50,000 new words, such as "ecosystem" and "yuppie". Chapman also edited Harper Collins' "New Dictionary of American Slang" (1986), the "Thesaurus of American Slang" (1989), and "Roget A to Z" (1994). Barbara Ann Kipfer, who edited the sixth edition of "Roget's Thesaurus", noted that Chapman was one of the first lexicographers to regularly use computer databases to study words as used in the popular press.
Chapman lived in Madison, New Jersey, and died in nearby Morristown in 2002 after battling a long illness. He was survived by his wife and three sons. In an obituary, Paul Farhi of "The Washington Post" wrote, "On behalf of blocked writers everywhere, we salute Mr. Chapman. We also doff our caps, raise a toast, sing his praises, acclaim, commend and laud him."

</doc>
<doc id="19064655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064655" title="Vazhenkada">
Vazhenkada

Vazhenkada is a village, known for its Kathakali heritage, on the banks of the river Thootha in Malappuram district of Kerala in southern India. The nearest small towns are Cherpulassery (in Palakkad district) to its south and Perintalmanna to its north, both eight kilometres away.
Vazhenkada's place on the cultural map owes largely to having been the native place of eminent Kathakali artiste, Padma Shri Vazhenkada Kunchu Nair, a frontline disciple of the legendary Pattikkamthodi Ravunni Menon. Kunchu Nair's son, Vazhenkada Vijayan, is a Kathakali artiste of repute, having retired from Kerala Kalamandalam, where his father too had worked as a teacher for long. Another of Kunchu Nair's son, P.V. Sreevalsan, is a Kathakali aesthete and author of a Malayalam novel called "Keshabharam".
Kunchu Nair lived close to the Narasimhamoorthy temple in Vazhenkada but there is no one living in his house now. It wears a dilapidated look.
Other famous Kathakali artistes hailing from Vazhenkada include Kalamandalam Balaraman and Kalamandalam Krishnadas (chenda), Kottakkal Devadas (actor-dancer) and Vazhenkada Anandan (Kathakali musician), besides the late Vazhenkada Govinda Warrier (Kathakali make-up), Vazhenkada Kunjunni Nair, Kalamandalam Rajagopal, Vazhenkada Krishna Warrier and Vazhenkada Rama Warrier.

</doc>
<doc id="19064656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064656" title="Farm Credit of New Mexico">
Farm Credit of New Mexico

Farm Credit of New Mexico is a financial services provider that is part of the U.S. Farm Credit System. It is the largest agricultural lender serving New Mexico. 
Headquartered in Albuquerque, the company provides New Mexico's farmers, ranchers, agricultural business, farm co-operatives and homeowners in rural communities with loans and banking services related to commercial and consumer needs.
In recent years, Farm Credit of New Mexico has placed increased emphasis on expanding lending opportunities to the state's younger farmers and ranchers. In 2006, the institution launched a $250,000 scholarship program based at New Mexico State University. This program provides a $2,000 annual scholarship the children and grandchildren of Farm Credit of New Mexico members' enrolled as undergraduates at the university.

</doc>
<doc id="19064658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064658" title="Miša Anastasijević">
Miša Anastasijević

Miša Anastasijević (; February 24, 1803 – January 27, 1885) was the second richest man in Serbia in the 19th century, through his successful salt export from Wallachia and Moldavia and business partnership with the richest, Miloš Obrenović I, Prince of Serbia. He was also the "Captain of Danube", and acquired significant benefits from Prince Miloš. He was the first public benefactor in Serbia and organizer of various balls for the Belgrade bourgeoisie.
Life.
He was born in Poreč, modern Donji Milanovac, Serbia. His father, Anastas, was a landowner and petty businessman. His mother, Ruža, was a homemaker. His stepmother Milja took care of him after his father's death. Miša and Milja twice crossed the Danube into Austria during the First Serbian Uprising of the Serbian Revolution. At 11 years, he was a teacher in his hometown, because he could read and write.
He was a business partner of Miloš Obrenović I, Prince of Serbia, notably the richest. At the age of thirty he received the military title of Danube Captain and at the same time has acquired significant commercial benefits from Prince Miloš. His company soon gained control over salt exports from Wallachia and Moldavia. At the top of his career, Miša Anastasijević employed circa 10,000 workers and had a fleet of 80 ships. He was the first public benefactor in Serbia and organizer of various balls for the Belgrade bourgeoisie.
Anastasijević was called the “Prince of Danube” or “Danube Rothschild” for his wealth and business skills. Captain Miša Anastasijević married his daughter to a Prince from the ruling Karađorđević family and built the most impressive building in the city (Captain Miša’s Mansion), which was supposed to be the new court, although this plan failed. The building hosted almost every important educational and cultural institutions of the Principality of Serbia - Ministry of Education, the Belgrade Higher School, which became the University of Belgrade, First Belgrade Gymnasium, National Museum, Art Gallery and Library. Occasionally, its gala hall has been used for the meetings of the National Assembly (1864–1875) and Senate (1901–1903). Today, there is the Rectorate of the University of Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="19064662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064662" title="Huftarøy">
Huftarøy

Huftarøy is the largest island in the island municipality of Austevoll in Hordaland county, Norway. The area is 50.4 km². The main settlement is Storebø with a population of 1,053 (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="19064673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064673" title="Legacy Good Samaritan Medical Center">
Legacy Good Samaritan Medical Center

Legacy Good Samaritan Medical Center, commonly known informally as Good Samaritan Hospital, is a hospital in northwest Portland, Oregon, United States. Founded in 1875 by the Episcopal Diocese of Oregon, it is a part of the Legacy Health. It has centers for breast health, cancer, and stroke, and is home to the Devers Eye Institute, the Legacy Obesity and Diabetes Institute, the Legacy Diabetes and Endocrinology Center, the Legacy Rehabilitation Clinic of Oregon, and the Linfield-Good Samaritan School of Nursing. The hospital is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations (JCAHO) and the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities (CARF).

</doc>
<doc id="19064684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064684" title="Jannat Jalil">
Jannat Jalil

Jannat Jalil is a newsreader on Sky News.
She gained an honours degree in English and European literature from Warwick University.
She was previously a presenter and reporter for BBC News. She presented weekends on BBC World News. Jalil was a newsreader & reporter for BBC World News, Breakfast & BBC News 24 before joining Sky News in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19064688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064688" title="Joseph Will">
Joseph Will

Joseph Will is an American actor.
Will attended Point Park University graduating with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater, and later pursued his Master's degree in Acting from the Florida State University Conservatory of Actor Training, in Sarasota, Florida.
Will began his television career in a comic role on the Emmy award winning sitcom "Frasier", opposite Kelsey Grammer and Patti Lupone. He has been featured in a number of prime time television shows, including NYPD Blue, ', "Will & Grace", "Studio 60 On The Sunset Strip", "Without A Trace", "Shark", "Life With Bonnie", and "Eli Stone". His two most high profile roles were on ' where he played Crewman Michael Rostov and "Star Trek Voyager", where he played the Bronze Age alien, Kelis the poet, in episode "Muse" opposite Roxann Dawson and Kellie Waymire. He also had a little-known guest starring role, in the same Star Trek series, as a security officer in the acclaimed two part episode "Workforce."
Will began his career in theater in New York city appearing in numerous Off-Broadway productions, most notably, "Blue Man Group": Tubes. He has also appeared in several feature and independent films such as the Kevin Costner thriller "Dragonfly" and a title role in, Cecile Cinco's short film "Angel Face".

</doc>
<doc id="19064689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064689" title="Ihor Tymchenko">
Ihor Tymchenko

Ihor Tymchenko (born 16 January 1986 in Poltava, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for FC Poltava in the Ukrainian First League. 
Career.
Throughout his career, he played in such teams as Elektron Romny, Uholyok Dymytrov, Lokomotiv Moscow (reserves), Obolon Kyiv, Spartak Sumy, Stal Alchevsk, Metalurh Donetsk, Zakarpattia Uzhhorod, Vorskla Poltava, Chornomorets Odesa and Krymteplytsia Molodizhne.

</doc>
<doc id="19064702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064702" title="Ivan Parejo">
Ivan Parejo

Ivan Parejo (1987) is a Catalan Spanish aerobic gymnast who finished 1st in the Men's Individual event at the 10th Aerobic Gymnastics World Championships held in Ulm

</doc>
<doc id="19064707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064707" title="Delta Community Credit Union">
Delta Community Credit Union

Delta Community Credit Union is Georgia’s largest credit union and serves metro Atlanta residents, including individuals, families and employees of organizations such as Delta Air Lines, Chick-fil-A, PetSmart, Aaron's and Nestlé. As a not-for-profit, it gives back its earnings to its customers and their local communities. It is a state-chartered credit union organized under the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance and federally insured by the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund.
History.
In February 1940, Delta Employees Credit Union was organized by eight Delta Air Lines employees in Atlanta, Georgia with a stake of only $45 in share capital. On March 8, 1940, Delta Employees Credit Union received a charter entitling it to 20 years of operation. Within a month after its charter was granted, the first Board of Directors was composed. The board voted that membership was open to all Delta employees. By the end of 1940 assets had grown to approximately $2,000.
In 1960, the board was granted a renewal of the credit union's charter. By 1983, assets exceeded $200 million, a first for any credit union in Georgia. Delta Employees Credit Union has been the largest credit union in the state of Georgia since then.
On March 8, 1990, Delta Employees Credit Union celebrated its 50th Anniversary. As part of the celebration, a $50 Savings Bond was presented to each member in good standing.
In July 1994, the credit union adopted a policy of "Once a member, always a member," thus eliminating the stipulation that an individual had to be an active Delta employee to enjoy the benefits offered by the credit union. Membership was also extended to the parents of active and former Delta employees in good standing.,
1995 brought about a couple of milestones for Delta Employees Credit Union. The total number of members eclipsed the 100,000 mark. Membership privileges were extended to include children, grandparents, grandchildren, brothers and sisters of the member and their spouse in good standing. In 2001, domestic partners of members were added to the field of membership.
In October 2005, Delta Employees Credit Union became Delta Community Credit Union to signify its new focus on the community while keeping its Delta Air Lines connection.
In 2008, the field of membership broadened to include residents of specific counties and employees of various companies. Assets exceeded $2.8 billion and membership had grown to over 181,000. In 2010, with over 200,000 members and more than $3.0 billion in assets, Delta Community's mission is to provide quality, fairly priced financial services.
Today Delta Community Credit Union has assets exceeding $4 billion, and membership has swelled to over 275,000.
Membership.
Any resident of Cherokee, Clayton, Cobb, Coweta, DeKalb, Fayette, Forsyth, Fulton, Gwinnett, Hall or Henry Counties in the state of Georgia is eligible for membership. Membership is also extended to current, former or retired employees of various companies throughout the US.
Services.
Personal Products.
Car Loans
Home Loans
Personal Loans
Checking and Savings Accounts
Online Banking and Bill Pay
Online Deposits
CDs
Visa Credit and Debit Cards
Investments & Insurance
Youth Accounts
Health Savings Accounts
Money Market Accounts
IRAs
Business Products.
Dividend-earning Business Checking Accounts
Online Banking
Business Loans
Visa Credit and Debit Cards
Business Savings Accounts
Business Money Market Accounts
Merchant Services
Community involvement.
Delta Community Credit Union participates in national and local fundraisers including sponsorships of Children's Miracle Network 
through Credit Unions for Kids in the communities it serves. Credit Union staff members volunteer their time to ensure the success of these fundraisers.
Delta Community Credit Union is an active sponsor of several Chambers of Commerce. They are also proactive in reaching young savers through their Partners in Education program.

</doc>
<doc id="19064717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064717" title="22 Park Circus, Glasgow">
22 Park Circus, Glasgow

22 Park Circus is a 19th-century townhouse in the West End of Glasgow, Scotland. Originally a family home, it was later a club and an Italian consulate. From 1994 to 2013 the building housed the city's register office.
Construction.
The house forms part of Park Circus, the focal point of the high-end area known as the Park district of the West End of the city. Built to the designs of architect Charles Wilson in the mid-nineteenth century, the area sits atop Woodlands Hill and is named for its proximity to Kelvingrove Park, which it overlooks. Park Circus itself sits on the very top of the hill and is split into four curved terraces around a private garden, and Number 22 sits at the end of the southwest terrace, on the corner with Park Street South. Although Park Circus was constructed between 1857–58, work on Number 22 did not begin until 1872, completed in 1874.
History.
The house was originally built for Walter Macfarlane, a wealthy Glasgow industrialist and founder of the Saracen Foundry. After his death in 1885, the house was taken over by his nephew, Walter Macfarlane II, who employed Glasgow style architects James Salmon and J Gaff Gillespie to modernise the building. Their refurbishments, between 1897–99, included a cast iron conservatory, as well as an Art Nouveau billiards room with glass-domed anteroom. Macfarlane also employed noted sculptors Francis Derwent Wood, Albert Hodge and Johan Keller to make wood carvings for the house, including the new front door.
In 1934, the building was acquired as an Italian social club, known as Casa D'Italia, and after the Second World War was utilised as a regional Italian consulate. In 1990, the building was acquired by developers, who, in co-operation with Historic Scotland, began a programme of restoration. The renovation work undertaken by the owners meant that all rooms retained their period features, including fireplaces.
In 1994 it was leased to Glasgow City Council, which operated the building as the city's register office for civil marriages. 22 Park Circus was opened as Marriage Suites by James Robison JP. The building offered five marriage suites:
Behind the conservatory is the former turkish bath, where private ceremonies were held without guests. 
In July 2013 the Council's lease expired and the register office closed.
Together with the rest of Park Circus, no.22 has been protected as a category A listed building since 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19064726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064726" title="The Ideological Origins of the American Revolution">
The Ideological Origins of the American Revolution

The Ideological Origins of the American Revolution is a Pulitzer Prize-winning book of history by Bernard Bailyn. It is considered one of the most influential studies of the American Revolution published during the 20th century. 
The book grew out of Bailyn's introduction to the first volume of "Pamphlets of the American Revolution", a series of documents of the Revolutionary era which he edited for the John Harvard Library. In the process of reading hundreds of pamphlets published between 1750 and 1776, Bailyn detected a pattern of similarities in argument, language, and invocation of certain figures including Cato the Younger and radical Whig heroes Algernon Sidney and John Wilkes. Bailyn analyzes the content of these popular pamphlets as clues to "the 'great hinterland' of belief" in the English North American colonies, "notions which men often saw little need to explain because they were so obvious." In lyrical prose that channels the radical Whig impulse, Bailyn explains the great hinterland of libertarianism for them.
The book argued against the interpretation, identified with historian Charles A. Beard, that the Revolution had been primarily class warfare between competing social classes. Bailyn found that pamphlet writers sounded the same themes in their private writing as in public, and that their expressed fears of "slavery," "corruption," and a "conspiracy" against radical libertarianism were genuine.

</doc>
<doc id="19064732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064732" title="Mya Rose">
Mya Rose

Mya Rose Gill (stage name "Mya Rose", formerly "Mya Rose Wilkins") is an indie folk-alternative artist, born September 4, 1979 . She has spent the last 13 years gigging around the world from huge stages to street corners, from Korea to England, California to North Carolina. Her music is described as 'soulful vocals backed by rockin' folk with a hint of country'.
Musical career.
At 18 she co-created the indie rock group Slappin Patties and was the bands lead vocalist, songwriter and acoustic guitarist. While Mya was with Slappin Patties they released the album 'Take Me Home'. After the group disbanded in 2002 Mya played solo until creating a new band: Mya Rose & the Flux band. After breaking away from the Flux band in 2006 Mya continued her solo act. Also in 2006, Mya Rose wrote, recorded, & produced her first solo album: 'breaking free.' Half of this CD was recorded on her 30' O'day sloop, "Risky Business". In 2008 she completed her second solo album 'Sailin' South' aboard her boat studio "Burnett Trilogy", a 30' Pearson sloop in the harbor of Ocracoke, North Carolina while living out on the hook in the O'day.
Major Performances.
Beaufort Music Festival,
Ocrafolk Festival,
Hoke County Ho Down,
WOVV fundraiser concert,
Fort Bragg Fair (with Slappin' Patties),
99.1 'the sound' Acoustic Lunch,
Creater and host of Mango Loco and Dirty Dick's Open Mic Nights
Critical Acclaim.
Mya Rose's music is generally well liked by most critics. Marlene Palumbo from Indienink Music described Mya's solo debut album as "Her accomplished deep sultry vocals adeptly wrap around the lyrics, to pull you right in... This is one that will be in my player many times...". Darryl Gregory from Indie-Music.com described the same album as "...The voice is great, the songs are good. I look forward to hearing the next one." Other notable positive reviews came from Rob Lucey at Carolina Currents Magazine who said "...she found a niche in the island's music scene playing her folk rock with a country tinge..." and Jamie Tunnell of the Ocracoke Observer who said "The Mya Rose Band has soulful vocals backed by rockin' folk with bluesy harmonica and vibrant sax. She sings and plays guitar from deep within her soul..."

</doc>
<doc id="19064735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064735" title="Gary Davies (disambiguation)">
Gary Davies (disambiguation)

Gary Davies or Gary Davis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19064739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064739" title="Morgan W. Walker, Jr.">
Morgan W. Walker, Jr.

Morgan Wailes Walker, Jr. (November 5, 1928 – August 12, 2008) was a prominent businessman invested in farming, cattle ranching, catfish production, restaurant management, and banking, originally from Alexandria, the seat of Rapides Parish and the largest city in Central Louisiana. 
Walker was one of six children born to Morgan W. Walker, Sr. (1893–1983), a native of Dodson in Winn Parish. Walker's mother, the former Genevieve James (1900–1960), was the youngest of fourteen children born to Mr. and Mrs. William Calvit James, originally from Boyce in northern Rapides Parish. The senior Walker, who graduated with a business degree from Louisiana Tech University in Ruston, owned Walker Cloverland Dairy, which subsequently became Walker-Roemer Dairy. Beginning with a taxi service, the senior Walker also established Trans-Continental Bus Lines, the forerunner of Continental Trailways. For a time, Walker, Sr., was also the president of the Rapides Parish School Board and, from 1970 to 1978, was chairman of the board of former Guaranty Bank and Trust Company.
Walker, Jr., grew up on the family plantation off Horseshoe Drive in Alexandria. In his teens, he delivered milk for the family dairy. Like his mother, he became accomplished at horsemanship. He was an Eagle Scout. He graduated in 1947 after four years of study at the defunct Sewanee Military Academy in Chattanooga, Tennessee. He soon left Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge to work in farming and ranching in Louisiana. In the early 1950s, during the Korean War, Walker joined the Seabees Reserve and was honorably discharged in 1954 from the United States Navy.
In 1970, Walker converted his cattle ranch located off Louisiana Highway 28 West in Alexandria into catfish ponds. He became a pioneer in the raising and sale of catfish for consumption. He redesigned a small farmhouse on the ranch into the former Grand Maw's House, a catfish restaurant. In 1985, Walker was elected to the board of Guaranty Bank, which occupied the tallest building in Alexandria, located across Third Street from the Alexandria City Hall. The Guaranty building is now anchored about Capital One. Walker learned to fly and used his Cessna to reach family farming operations near Ferriday, a town in Concordia Parish in eastern Louisiana. He also piloted state and national politicians around the country.
In 1979, Walker acquired the Washington, D.C., franchise for Popeyes Chicken and Biscuits, based in Atlanta, Georgia. He moved his family to the D.C. area for a time and was named to Popeye's Hall of Fame. He sold his last franchise in that area in March 2007. In 1993, Walker purchased a horse farm in Clarke County in northern Virginia and raised registered American Quarter Horses. He was invited to ride with the Blue Ridge Hunt, named for the Blue Ridge Mountains, and became accomplished at foxhunting. His obituary describes him as "at heart a cowboy." In 2003, he retired to the North Shore of Lake Pontchartrain, where he taught disabled children how to ride horses. He was a volunteer in Habitat for Humanity.
Walker died at his home in Covington, the seat of suburban St. Tammany Parish near New Orleans. Survivors included his wife, the former Sue Field; three sons, Morgan Walker, III (born 1958), an associate professor of painting at the Pacific Northwest College of Art in Portland, Oregon, and his wife, Laura Smith-Walker; Donald Hancock Walker, a financial consultant on films in Venice, California, and John Luke Walker (born 1960), an assistant U.S. Attorney and wife Sarah in Lafayette; five grandchildren; a brother, Edgar E. Walker, Sr. He was preceded in death by four sisters. Services were held on August 19 at St. James Episcopal Church in Alexandria. Burial was at Greenwood Memorial Park in Pineville.

</doc>
<doc id="19064768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064768" title="Jim Thompson (rugby union)">
Jim Thompson (rugby union)

Jim Thompson (born 5 November 1984 in Catterick, North Yorkshire, England) is a Scottish rugby union player. He currently plays at Fullback and Centre for London Scottish who compete in the RFU Championship.
Jim is the son of Channel 4 Racing presenter Derek Thompson and the grandson of the 'Voice of Rugby', former commentator Bill McLaren. He is the cousin of current Scotland international Scrum-half Rory Lawson and the nephew of former international Scrum-half Alan Lawson.
In his early life he was educated at Dollar Academy in Clackmannanshire, there he showed passion for rugby.
He went to school at Stewart's Melville College in Edinburgh and Dollar Academy in Clackmannanshire before graduating with a degree in Sport and Exercise Science from Napier University.
Thompson was a member of Scottish Rugby's Senior National Academy.
Club Rugby.
Thompson played his first match for Edinburgh Rugby while an academy player as a replacement against Leinster in the opening fixture of the 2007–08 Celtic League season. He signed a professional contract with Edinburgh in May 2008.
He joined Scottish Premier One side Heriot's in 2003 and was in the side who reached the final of the 2006 Melrose Sevens tournament.
In the draft of all players from the Scottish pro-teams (Edinburgh and Glasgow Warriors) to the Scottish Premier One rugby clubs in June 2008, Thompson was selected by Heriot's and will be available to play for them during the 2008–09 season when not required by Edinburgh or any of the national teams.
His appearances at fullback were restricted at Edinburgh due to the return of Chris Paterson to the Edinburgh team in 2008, with whom he competed for the 15 jersey for until Paterson retired in May 2012.
At the end of the 2011-12 season his contract with Edinburgh Rugby expired and he left the club to join London Scottish, where he has been playing since the beginning of the 2012-13 season.
International Rugby.
In 2007, Thompson was part of the Scotland Club XV side who beat Ireland in a club international fixture shadowing the Six Nations match between the two countries' full international sides.
During the 2007–08 season, Thompson represented Scotland in every round of the IRB Sevens World Series. In his debut tournament in Dubai he scored tries against both France and the Arabian Gulf rugby union team. This was followed up with further tries in the USA and Hong Kong events.
At the 2008 Churchill Cup, Thompson made a try scoring Scotland A debut against Argentina and took part in the final against England Saxons. Also in 2008, Thompson was part of the Scottish Thistles side (selected from the Scotland Sevens squad) which won the 125th Melrose Sevens tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19064772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064772" title="Handbuck Eyot">
Handbuck Eyot

Handbuck Eyot or Handbuck Ait is an island in the River Thames in England near the villages of Shiplake, Oxfordshire and Wargrave, Berkshire. It is on the reach above Marsh Lock.
The island is wooded and inaccessible except by boat, but has been included in the property of the large houses on the Shiplake bank. 

</doc>
<doc id="19064795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064795" title="Gimsøya">
Gimsøya

Gimsøya is an island in Vågan municipality in Nordland county, Norway. Gimsøya is situated between the islands of Austvågøya and Vestvågøya in the Lofoten archipelago. The island has a population (2001) of 207.
The European route E10 highway passes through Gimsøya linking the island to Austvågøya by the Gimsøystraumen Bridge and to the island of Vestvågøya by the Sundklakkstraumen Bridge. The main population centres on Gimsøya include Vinje (where Gimsøy Elementary school is located), Hov (where the golf course is located), Hovsund (where the marina and the abandoned fish factory is located), Barstrand (where some fishing industry is located), Gimsøysand (where Gimsøy Church is located), and Årrstranda.
Geography.
The southern and eastern part of Gimsøya is mountainous. The highest point is the tall Bardstrandfjellet. In the north and west, the island is flat and marshy, with the exception of the tall Hoven mountain. There are large protected areas in Gimsøya related to fauna and bird life. "Gimsøy marshes nature reserve" ("Gimsøymyrene naturreservat") is located on the island.

</doc>
<doc id="19064802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064802" title="Nacho Martínez">
Nacho Martínez

Nacho Martinez (July 8, 1952 – July 24, 1996), born "Ignacio Martinez Navia-Osorio" in Asturias, Spain, was a Spanish actor.
Born in Mieres, Asturias in 1952, he began his film career as Tasio's brother in the movie "Tasio" directed by Montxo Armendariz in 1984. However, the character for which he will be most remembered for is the bullfighter in the film "Matador", Pedro Almodóvar, where he co-starred with a very young Antonio Banderas.
From Almodóvar he also did "The Law of Desire" (1987) as well as "High Heels" (1991).
Candidate in 1986 for "Fotogramas de Plata" as best actor, coincided with Angela Molina in "La Mitad del Cielo", by Manuel Gutierrez Aragon, and had a small role in the cult movie "Viaje a Ninguna Parte", Fernando Fernan Gomez.
Along with his film career, he had a long career as a voice actor in dubbing, film and cartoons.
He died after a long illness (suffering from lung cancer) at the very young age of 44 years, which certainly cut short the career of one of the most influential Spanish actors of the 1980s.
The year 2006 he was remembered in the twentieth edition of the Goya Awards. The International Film Festival Gijon granted a National Film Award named after Nacho Martinez, this prize was awarded in 2005 to actress Assumpta Serna, who co-starred with him in "Matador".
Filmography: "Mi Nombre es Sombra" 1996, "High Heels" 1991, "La Viuda del Capitan Estrada' 1991, "El Anonimo" 1990, "La Mitad del Cielo" 1988, "Viaje a Ninguna Parte" 1986, "The Law of Desire" 1986, "Matador" 1986, "Adios, Pequena" 1986, "Caso Cerrado" 1985, "Extramuros" 1985, Tasio 1984
National Film Award Nacho Martinez Granted under the International Film Festival Gijon, falls annually on prominent figures of Spanish cinema:
2007, Marisa Paredes 
2006, Maribel Verdú 
2005, Assumpta Serna 
2004, Eusebio Poncela 
2003, Gonzalo Suarez 
2002, Juan Echanove

</doc>
<doc id="19064806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064806" title="Cristina Simona Nedelcu">
Cristina Simona Nedelcu

Cristina Simona Nedelcu (b. February 28, in Bucharest, Romania) is a Romanian aerobic gymnast who won the silver medal in the women's individual event at the 2008 Aerobic Gymnastics World Championships in Ulm. During her career she won four world championships medals (one silver and three bronze) and four European championships medals (two gold and two bronze).

</doc>
<doc id="19064809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064809" title="Gajendra Pal Singh Raghava">
Gajendra Pal Singh Raghava

Gajendra Pal Singh Raghava is an Indian bio-informatician and head of the Bioinformatics Centre at the Institute of Microbial Technology (IMTECH).
Personal.
Early years and education.
Raghava was born in village Nagla Karan, Buland Shahr (UP), India in 1963. He did his BSc/MSc from N.A.S. College, Meerut, UP in 1982. His major subjects were Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics. He did his MSc in Physics with specialisation in electronics from N.A.S. College, Meerut, UP in 1984. He did his MTech from Indian Institute of Technology (I.I.T.), New Delhi in 1986. In 1996 he received a doctorate in bioinformatics from Institute of Microbial Technology and Panjab University, Chandigarh. His thesis was on "Computer Aided Prediction of Protein Conformation from Amino Acid Sequences of Biotechnological Relevance".
Career and higher studies.
Raghava joined the Institute of Microbial Technology, Chandigarh in 1986 as a computer scientist and developer. He became head of the Bioinformatics Centre in 1994. He is also coordinator of the distributed information centre supported by DBT under the BTISNET programme, where his primary duty is to build and maintain infrastructure required for protein modelling and engineering.
He worked as a postdoctoral fellow at Oxford university as well as at the European Bioinformatics Institute (EBI) at Cambridge for two years (1996–98). During this period he learned and developed a number of web servers for application in computational biology, particularly in protein modelling.
Research interests.
Raghava developed a method for calculating concentration of antibodies and antigens from ELISA data, and he a prediction method for protein secondary structure prediction. In 1999 he established his research group at IMTECH with emphasis on protein structure prediction and genome annotation. In 2001, his group also focused on "Computer aided vaccine design" with emphasis on subunit vaccine design. Since 2006, his group is trying to integrate bioinformatics, chemoinformatics, pharmaco-informatics and clinical informatics in order to develop a single plate form for designing drugs in silico.
Web services and software.
Raghava is an adherent of public domain software or open source software, and his group both uses and develops free software for academic use. Recently his group have initiated a web portal Computational Resource for Drug Discovery (CRDD) under Open Source Drug Discovery. Services provided from his group can be broadly classified in the following categories.

</doc>
<doc id="19064811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064811" title="Herby Nowe railway station">
Herby Nowe railway station

Herby Nowe is a major Polish rail junction, located north of the Upper Silesian Industrial Area, along the Polish Coal Trunk-Line, in the Lubliniec County of the Silesian Voivodeship. By the station, which was opened in 1926, there is a whole district of condominiums and houses, built for the workers of the Polish State Railways and their families. Less than 2 kilometers southwest lies its twin station Herby Stare, located along the Częstochowa - Lubliniec line. Both stations are connected with each other, due to a big line, built in 1926. 

</doc>
<doc id="19064819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064819" title="Manga Bible">
Manga Bible

Manga Bible may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19064881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064881" title="Herby Stare railway station">
Herby Stare railway station

Herby Stare is a Polish rail junction, located north of the Upper Silesian Industrial Area, along the major Częstochowa - Lubliniec line, in the Lubliniec County of the Silesian Voivodeship. Less than 2 northeast lies its twin station Herby Nowe, located along the Polish Coal Trunk-Line line. Both stations are connected with each other, due to a line, built in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="19064923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064923" title="Boeing AH-6">
Boeing AH-6

The Boeing AH-6 is a series of light helicopter gunships based on the MH-6 Little Bird and MD 500 family. Developed by Boeing Rotorcraft Systems, these include the Unmanned Little Bird (ULB) demonstrator, the A/MH-6X Mission Enhanced Little Bird (MELB), and the proposed AH-6I and AH-6S.
Design and development.
The Unmanned Little Bird demonstrator, which Boeing built from a civilian MD 530F, first flew on September 8, 2004, and made its first autonomous flight (with safety pilot) on October 16, 2004.
In April 2006, Boeing used the ULB to demonstrate the ability of another helicopter, in this case an AH-64 Apache to remotely control the ULB's weapons payload as a part of Boeing's Airborne Manned/Unmanned System Technology Demonstration (AMUST-D) program. For the initial test, the Apache Longbow was on the ground, while the ULB was airborne several miles away and Hellfire missiles were fired from the ULB by a tester sitting at the co-pilot's station in the Apache. Both aircraft are equipped with tactical common data link equipment and technologies manufactured by L-3 Communications.
The ULB Demonstrator first flew in the unmanned mode on June 30, 2006 from the United States Army's Yuma Proving Ground, flying a pre-programmed 20-minute armed intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance mission around the facility. All previous flights during the 450 flight hour engineering development phase had a safety pilot on board, although the aircraft was typically flown remotely from the ground.
With the successes of the ULB, Boeing incorporated its technologies into an A/MH-6, designating it the A/MH-6X. On September 20, 2006, the first A/MH-6X lifted off on its maiden flight from Boeing Rotorcraft Systems' Mesa, Arizona facility with a pilot on board. While the ULB Demonstrator had a payload of 2,400 pounds, the MELB has an additional 1,000 pounds payload capacity. The A/MH-6X is similar to the A/MH-6M, but includes a prototype glass cockpit and a number of upgrades to the electronics and avionics. The A/MH-6X is an optionally manned or unmanned aircraft which is a hybrid of the ULB demonstrator and the A/MH-6M mission-enhanced Little Bird which is used by US Army Special Operations Command. 
Boeing funded the development program itself; it intends to market the aircraft for both military and homeland security roles within the U.S. and internationally. The aircraft is estimated to cost US$2 million. The systems related to the unmanned flight capabilities have also been designed to be able to be installed in any other helicopter as well, including the Apache. An Unmanned Little Bird performed a fully autonomous flight in June 2010, including avoiding obstacles using LIDAR.
In 2009, it was reported that Boeing was working on the "AH-6S Phoenix" for the US Army's restarted ARH program, named Armed Aerial Scout. The AH-6S design is stretched by to allow room for other ARH crew shot down in combat to be recovered. The aircraft also would feature an extended aerodynamic nose to house avionics hardware. AH-6S cockpit and main rotor composite blades are to be based the AH-64D Block III. The AH-6S will have an improved tail rotor and more powerful Rolls-Royce 250-CE30 engine. The Little Bird has an endurance of 12 hours and carries a maximum mission payload of .
The AH-6i is the export version of the AH-6S. The AH-6i first flew on September 16, 2009. Jordan has expressed interest in ordering the AH-6i in May 2010. In October 2010 Saudi Arabia requested 36 AH-6i aircraft with related equipment and weapons from the United States through a Foreign Military Sale. Kaman Corporation is developing a retrofittable graphite epoxy rotorblade for the AH-6.
In summer 2011, an H-6U performed autonomous landings on a moving truck bed for French companies Thales and DCNS for France's General Directorate for Armament, in preparation for sea trials on a French frigate in 2012. 
In October 2012, the AH-6i completed a flight demonstration for the U.S. Army in anticipation of the Armed Aerial Scout program. While the AH-6i is aimed at international customers, Boeing intends to offer it for the program. The Army ended the AAS program in late 2013.
In December 2012, Boeing demonstrated the Unmanned Little Bird version of the AH-6 to the South Korean Army. The aircraft flew autonomously for 25 minutes to demonstrate the unmanned system's capabilities that can be integrated into Army MD 500 Defender helicopters.
In September 2013, Aurora Flight Sciences and Boeing offered the H-6U Little Bird for the U.S. Marine Corps unmanned lift/ISR capability competition. Boeing, working as a subcontractor, is flying the Little Bird without human input near Manassas, Virginia, but with a pilot on board to comply with Federal Aviation Administration regulations. The H-6U is competing against the unmanned Kaman K-MAX, which has a usable external payload of and has been used in theater to resupply Marines. Evaluations are to begin in February 2014 at Marine Corps Base Quantico.

</doc>
<doc id="19064949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064949" title="Kim Herzinger">
Kim Herzinger

Kim Herzinger is a critic, a Pushcart Prize-winning writer of fiction, and the editor of three Donald Barthelme collections. He taught at the University of Southern Mississippi and now owns and operates Left Bank Books in New York City.
Was recently filmed as a random "contestant" on the popular Discovery Channel show "Cash Cab" . On the episode airing July 23, 2010, he missed the first three questions, and was kicked out of the cab.

</doc>
<doc id="19064970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064970" title="Evansville Braves">
Evansville Braves

The Evansville Braves were a professional minor league baseball team based in Evansville, Indiana. They played from 1946 to 1957 in the Illinois-Indiana-Iowa League (the "Three-I" League). They played home games at Bosse Field, which is currently the third oldest baseball stadium in regular use in the United States. The Braves were affiliated with the Boston Braves from 1946–1952 and then the Milwaukee Braves from 1953-1957.

</doc>
<doc id="19064994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19064994" title="1971–72 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team">
1971–72 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team

The 1971–72 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team won the National Collegiate Champion on March 25, 1972 in the Los Angeles Sports Arena with an 81–76 victory over Florida State. It became the eighth championship in nine years under head coach John Wooden, who was coaching his 25th year at UCLA. The 1971–72 UCLA basketball team had a record of 30–0, in the process winning its games by an average margin of more than 30 points. The season was also part of UCLA's NCAA record 88-game winning streak. The UCLA streak contributed to a personal winning streak that lasted almost five years. It began "The Walton Years" for Coach Wooden.
Season Summary.
Sophomore Bill Walton lived up to his advance billing, leading the Bruins to a 30-0 record and the National Championship while averaging a double-double (21.1 PPG, 15.5 RPG). Greg Lee and Henry Bibby formed a solid back court, and forwards Keith Wilkes and Larry Farmer were double-digit scorers. Walton’s backup, 7-1 Swen Nater, could have been a star at other schools.

</doc>
<doc id="19065014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065014" title="Eliezer Shostak">
Eliezer Shostak

Eliezer Shostak (, born 16 December 1911, died 20 August 2001) was an Israeli politician who served as Minister of Health from 1977 until 1984 and as a member of the Knesset from 1951 until 1988.
Biography.
Born in Volodymyrets in the Russian Empire (today in Ukraine), Shostak joined the Betar movement in 1930 and made aliyah to Mandatory Palestine in 1935. He joined the Betar work battalion in Herzliya, and in 1936 was elected secretary of the National Workers Labour Federation. He became a member of the central committee of Hatzohar and sat on the movement's national executive, before leaving to join Menachem Begin's Herut movement.
He was placed ninth on Herut's list for the 1951 elections, but missed out on a seat when the party won only eight seats. However, he entered the Knesset as a replacement for Ya'akov Meridor in November 1951. He was re-elected in 1955, 1959, 1961 and 1965. During the Herut convention in 1966 he and Shmuel Tamir constituted the major opposition to Begin's leadership of the party, and the following year he and three other Herut MKs left the party to form the Free Centre. He was re-elected again in 1969, and in 1973 the Free Centre allied with Herut and the Liberal Party to form Likud, for whom he was elected to the Knesset in the elections that year. In 1975 the Free Centre split and Shostak became chairman of the Independent Centre faction.
He was re-elected again in 1977, and was appointed Minister of Health in Begin's government. He retained the role following the 1981 elections, but was left out of the cabinet after the 1984 elections, but was appointed Deputy Speaker of the Knesset. He finally lost his seat in 1988, having served in the Knesset for just over 37 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19065020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065020" title="Ali Kryeziu">
Ali Kryeziu

Ali Kryeziu is the first and current diplomatic charge-de-affairs of the Republic of Kosovo in the United Nations. He was recently proposed by the Government and accredited by the President of Kosovo. Kryeziu has a Western-affiliated, central-right-wing political ideology, with a strong commitment for the family, education and ethics. He considers diplomacy an art-matter, while uses it for material functions. He is married to Fadile Kryeziu, and they have two sons. They live in Pristina and New York. His sense of duty in New York was to get the UN membership for the country that he diplomatically represents. But the entire Kosovar delegation was forbidden to enter the UN Building and as a result Kryeziu was unable to speak to any of the 194 UN representatives. Thus he was forbidden to take up his post at the United Nations.
History.
Kryeziu was born in 1950 in Yugoslavia, and is a successor of an aristocratic Albanian family, with a political dimension from the epoch of the Ottoman Empire. Kryeziu was educated in the light of western political affiliations since he was a child, and due to that, he became a deeply furnished dedicated scholar westerly motivated. His primary political ideas were with reference to the modernisation and transformations in the regime of his country. 
Kryeziu took a law degree in 1974, while he was making his first intellectual and diplomatic steps towards his career. Just after that he started to specialise in the international law scholarship. Being suitable to that dedication he was immediately after his studies employed as a legal consular in the Government of Kosovo in 1975, and in the meantime he got equipped for entering the ambassadorial troop of the country. 
In 1978, Kryeziu became an essential part of the Diplomatic Mission of the Former Yugoslav Republic in the United Nations. He exercised this duty until 1981. During the diplomatic service in New York, as a diplomat of good feature, he started to influence westerly the Yugoslav mission, and began to oppose the socialist ruling in Yugoslavia. 
Very soon after that, immediately after getting back in his country, he was persecuted by the socialist regime, under the cause for influencing and spreading a western democratic ideology over the segments of policy-making institutions in the former Yugoslavia. Due to that he was accused and found guilty for helping the Albania national issue, and linking it with the western diplomatic bases. He was held in prison for five years, as part of the Intellectuals Group, who altogether were convicted about their intentions for opening the fatherland to the west.
After being held in a socialist regime top-security prison, Kryeziu continued his years without being involved in the public life. Presently after that he became an Attorney-at-law, and a member of the bar. He started to concentrate in international insurance law, and due to that became the Vice President of the International Claims Company for the SEE region, whilst, after some considerable time, he was appointed the CEO of the Adriatic Insurance Group, a position that he held until the end of 2002. From 2002, Kryeziu was appointed a sole legal barrister for the AIG International Group in South Eastern Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19065021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065021" title="Ruth Cohen">
Ruth Cohen

Ruth Cohen (January 28, 1930 – August 23, 2008) was an American character actress. She was born in The Bronx, New York.
She is notable for appearing in more episodes of the NBC sitcom "Seinfeld" than any other actor, with the exception of the four main stars, Jerry Seinfeld, Jason Alexander, Michael Richards and Julia Louis-Dreyfus. Cohen played the role of the cashier in Monk's Cafe in almost every episode, mainly as an extra. The character was eventually named "Ruthie Cohen" after her.
Cohen died of a heart attack at the age of 78 in Panorama City, California. Her memorial service and burial was held at the Mount Sinai Memorial Park Cemetery in Hollywood Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="19065034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065034" title="Convention bounce">
Convention bounce

A convention bounce or convention bump refers to a surge of support that U.S. presidential candidates in the Republican or Democratic party typically enjoy after the televised national convention of their party. A presumptive nominee for president may also be said to experience a "VP bounce" after announcing his pick for vice president prior to the convention. The size and impact of convention bumps vary, but presidential candidates usually see at least a small uptick in their polling numbers coming out of their conventions.
History of convention bounces.
Bill Clinton benefited from one of the largest bumps in history after the Democratic National Convention in 1992, climbing by as many as 30 points in the polls, though that was due in part to independent candidate Ross Perot's decision to drop out and endorse Clinton during the convention. Then-President George H.W. Bush's convention bounce was weak by comparison, some party leaders blaming former primary challenger Pat Buchanan's fiery and divisive speech, which aired in primetime due to a scheduling delay. Four years later, Bob Dole got a big bounce after the Republican convention, but quickly fizzled. However, Al Gore's 2000 bounce endured for weeks. Prior to the Democratic convention, Gore was behind Texas Gov. George W. Bush by as many as 16 points, but was in a statistical tie with the Republican the weekend after his acceptance speech. To the bafflement of political pundits, Democratic candidate John Kerry did not get a convention bounce in 2004, despite the unpopularity of incumbent George W. Bush.
Polls indicated a small bounce for 2008 Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama after his party's convention in August, but as expected, much of it evaporated during and after the Republican convention the week following, yielding GOP candidate John McCain a small lead in several polls. Nielsen ratings revealed that year's party conventions to be the most-watched ever, with the Republican convention narrowly trumping the Democrats'.
The RealClearPolitics polling index revealed the 2012 convention bounces for President Obama and GOP challenger Mitt Romney to be comparably smaller than in past elections. Though Romney pulled even with Obama during that year's Republican convention at the end of August, Obama opened up a three- or four-point lead during the Democratic convention the week after.

</doc>
<doc id="19065045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065045" title="Abel Thomas">
Abel Thomas

Abel Thomas (1848 – 23 July 1912) was a Welsh Liberal politician and lawyer.
Family.
Thomas was the son of a Baptist Minister, the Reverend T E Thomas JP of Trehale in Pembrokeshire. In 1875 he married Bessie Polak. They had a son and two daughters before his wife died in 1890.
Education and law career.
Thomas was educated at Clifton College and the University of London where he gained his BA degree. He went into the law and was called to the Bar at the Middle Temple in 1873. He took silk in 1891 and became a Bencher of the Middle Temple in 1900. He was later elected Chairman of the Pembrokeshire Quarter Sessions. He also served for many years as a Justice of the Peace in Pembrokeshire.
Politics.
Thomas entered the House of Commons at a by-election for the seat of Carmarthenshire East in 1890 on the death of the sitting Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) David Pugh. He held the seat with comfortable majorities at each succeeding election, except in the 1906 general election when he was returned unopposed. At the by-election caused by Thomas’ death on 22 August 1912, the Rev. Josiah Towyn Jones held the seat for the Liberals albeit with a reduced majority. Thomas apparently made little impact in Parliament. While the historian K O Morgan described him as one of the relatively young, Welsh born, nonconformist Liberal candidates who were responsible for changing the character of the Welsh parliamentary party in the 1880s and 1890s from the one dominated by traditional, Gladstonian, Anglican members. By the time he died in 1912, Morgan’s judgment of him was summed up in his description of Thomas as ‘elderly and silent’.
Death.
Thomas died suddenly of heart failure on 23 July 1912 in his hotel at Swansea where he had gone for the Glamorgan Assizes.

</doc>
<doc id="19065069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065069" title="Boris Johnson">
Boris Johnson

Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson (born 19 June 1964) is a British Conservative Party politician, who has served as Mayor of London since 2008. Initially coming to public attention as a journalist, he became editor of "The Spectator" in 1999, then later served as the Member of Parliament for Henley from the 2001 general election until 2008.
Born in New York City, Johnson was educated at the European School of Brussels, Ashdown House School, Eton College, and Balliol College, Oxford, where he read Classics. Beginning his career in journalism with "The Times" and then "The Daily Telegraph", he became Assistant Editor from 1994 to 1999 before taking editorship of "The Spectator", a position he held until 2005. Joining the Conservatives, he was elected MP for Henley in 2001. During his period in the House of Commons, Johnson became one of the most conspicuous politicians in the country, authoring books and making regular television appearances. Under Conservative leaders Michael Howard and David Cameron, Johnson served on the opposition front bench, first as Shadow Minister for Culture, Communications and Creative Industries and then for Higher Education.
Selected as Conservative candidate for the 2008 London mayoral election, Johnson defeated Labour incumbent Ken Livingstone to become Mayor, resigning his seat in parliament. During his first term, he banned alcohol on public transport and oversaw the 2012 London Olympic Games. In 2012, he was re-elected as Mayor, again defeating Livingstone.
Parental origins, education and marriages.
Johnson is the eldest of the four children of Stanley Johnson, a former Conservative Member of the European Parliament and employee of the European Commission and World Bank, and the painter Charlotte Johnson Wahl (née Fawcett), the daughter of Sir James Fawcett, a barrister and president of the European Commission of Human Rights. His younger siblings are Rachel Johnson, a writer and journalist; Leo Johnson, a partner in PricewaterhouseCoopers specialising in Sustainability.; and Jo Johnson, Assistant Government Whip and Conservative MP for Orpington. His stepfather was the American academic Nicholas Wahl.
Johnson's maternal great-grandparents were palaeographer Elias Avery Lowe and translator H. T. Lowe-Porter. On his father's side, Johnson is a great-grandson of Ali Kemal Bey, a liberal Turkish journalist and the Interior Minister in the government of Damat Ferid Pasha, Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire, who was killed during the Turkish War of Independence in 1922. During World War I, Johnson's paternal grandfather and great-aunt were recognised as British subjects and took their grandmother's maiden name of Johnson. He has a grandmother who was born in Versailles, close to Paris. Johnson speaks French and has been interviewed in that language. In reference to his cosmopolitan ancestry, Johnson has described himself as a "one-man melting pot"—with a combination of Muslims, Jews, and Christians comprising his great-grandparentage. His father's maternal grandmother, Marie Louise de Pfeffel, was a granddaughter of Prince Paul of Württemberg, through his relationship with a German actress. Through Prince Paul, Johnson is a descendant of King George II and, through George's great-great-great grandfather James I/VI, a descendant of all of the previous British royal houses. Johnson is an 8th cousin of David Cameron.
Johnson was born in New York City, but his family returned to Britain soon afterwards, as his mother had yet to take her Oxford University final exams. Johnson's sister Rachel was born a year later. As a child, Johnson suffered from severe deafness and had to undergo several operations to have grommets inserted in his ears. He was reported to have been rather quiet as a child. He was educated at the European School in Brussels, at Ashdown House School and at Eton College, where he was a King's Scholar.
He read Classics at Oxford as a Brackenbury scholar, and was elected President of the Oxford Union at his second attempt. Frank Luntz and Radosław Sikorski have claimed Johnson touted himself as a supporter of the Social Democratic Party, then a dominant faction in the university, as a strategy to win the Union presidency, although Johnson denies that he was more than the SDP's preferred candidate. Along with David Cameron, George Osborne and Radosław Sikorski, he was a member of Oxford's Bullingdon Club, a student dining society known for destroying restaurant dining rooms and paying for the repairs afterwards. He graduated from Balliol College with a 2:1.
In 1987, he married Allegra Mostyn-Owen; the marriage was dissolved in 1993. Later that year, he married Marina Wheeler, a barrister and daughter of journalist and broadcaster Sir Charles Wheeler and his wife, Dip Singh. The Wheeler and Johnson families have known each other for decades, and Marina Wheeler was at the European School in Brussels at the same time as her future husband. They have two daughters—Lara Lettice (born 1993) and Cassia Peaches (born 1997)—and two sons—Milo Arthur (born 1995) and Theodore Apollo (born 1999). Johnson and his family live in Islington, North London. Johnson's stepmother, Jenny, the second wife of his father Stanley, is the stepdaughter of Teddy Sieff, the former chairman of Marks & Spencer.
Journalism and history.
Upon graduating from Oxford, he spent only a week as a management consultant at L.E.K. Consulting. He later gave the following reason for his short tenure there: "Try as I might I could not look at an overhead projection of a growth-profit matrix and stay conscious".
He then became a trainee reporter for "The Times". Within a year, he was sacked for falsifying a quotation from his godfather, Colin Lucas, later Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University. Years later, in a television interview, he admitted: "I mildly sandpapered something somebody said".
After a short time as a writer for the Wolverhampton "Express & Star", he joined "The Daily Telegraph" (1987) as leader and feature writer and was the paper's European Community correspondent (1989–94). He served as Assistant Editor (1994–99). In 1995, a recording of a telephone conversation was made public revealing a plot by a friend to physically assault a "News of the World" journalist. Johnson retained his position at the "Daily Telegraph" as there was no evidence that he intended to provide information that would facilitate the assault of the journalist, even though he promised under pressure to provide this information. His association with "The Spectator" began as political columnist (1994–95); and, in 1999, he became the editor, where he stayed until December 2005 upon being appointed Shadow Minister for Higher Education.
He wrote an autobiographical account of his experience of the 2001 election campaign "Friends, Voters, Countrymen: Jottings on the Stump". He is also author of three collections of journalism, "Johnson's Column", "Lend Me Your Ears" and "Have I Got Views For You". His comic first novel "Seventy-Two Virgins" was published in 2004, and his next book has been claimed to be "The New British Revolution". He was nominated in 2004 for a British Academy Television Award and has attracted several unofficial fan clubs and sites. His official website and blog started in September 2004.
Johnson is a popular historian; and his first documentary series, based on his book "The Dream of Rome", comparing the Roman Empire and the modern-day European Union, was broadcast in 2006.
After being elected mayor, he announced that he would be resuming his weekly column for "The Daily Telegraph". "The Guardian" reported that he had agreed to a £250,000 annual salary for doing so. It added that he would donate £25,000 each towards two scholarships: one for students of Journalism, and the other for the teaching of Classics.
Political career.
After having been defeated in Clwyd South in the 1997 general election, Johnson was elected MP for Henley, succeeding Michael Heseltine, in the 2001 general election. He described this election in his 2002 book, "Friends, Voters, Countrymen". In 2004 he was appointed to the front bench as Shadow Minister for the Arts in a small reshuffle resulting from the resignation of the Shadow Home Affairs Spokesman, Nick Hawkins. He was also from November 2003 vice-chairman of the Conservative Party, with an emphasis on campaigning.
Johnson was dismissed from these high-profile posts in November 2004 over accusations that he lied to Michael Howard about a four-year extramarital affair with Petronella Wyatt, "The Spectator'"s New York correspondent and former deputy editor. Johnson derided these allegations as "an inverted pyramid of piffle", but Howard sacked Johnson because he believed press reports showed Johnson had lied, rather than for the affair itself. In a 2013 television interview, Johnson, according to "Guardian" Political Editor Patrick Wintour, he "failed to deny he lied to party leader at the time".
Of late, Boris Johnson has been the subject of numerous rumours as to the future of his political career, and the possibility that Johnson would stand to be the head of the Conservative Party. In 2012 Grant Shapps claimed that Boris Johnson lacks many of the skills that are needed as the leader of a political party and prime minister.
Johnson explained his political philosophy in 2010, linking it to the One nation conservatism of Disraeli:
Higher education.
He was appointed Shadow Minister for Higher Education on 9 December 2005 by new Conservative Leader David Cameron, and resigned as editor of "The Spectator" soon afterwards. In April 2006 it was alleged in the "News of the World" that Johnson had had another extramarital affair, this time with "Times Higher Education Supplement" journalist Anna Fazackerley. A report in "The Times" stated that Cameron regarded the possible affair as a private matter, and that Johnson would not lose his job over it.
Johnson stood for the February 2006 election of Rector of the University of Edinburgh, after receiving seven times more nominations than needed to stand. His presence as candidate caused an unprecedented turn-out and sparked an "Anyone but Boris" campaign. Protests included having drinks thrown over him at his first of two visits to the student body. Johnson eventually polled third of four, with 2,123 votes, behind 3,052 votes for journalist Magnus Linklater and 3,597 for Green Party MSP Mark Ballard. Johnson was quoted as having been pleased to mobilise the student body, but disappointed at the personal campaign against him as an "English top-up fee merchant".
In September 2006, his image was used in 'Boris needs you' and 'I Love Boris' material to promote the Conservative Party's image during Freshers' Week in universities.
2008 London Mayoral election.
After several days of speculation, Johnson announced he was a potential Conservative candidate for the London mayoral election in 2008 on 16 July 2007.
He resigned as Shadow Minister for Higher Education. He was confirmed as the Conservative candidate on 27 September 2007 after gaining 75% of the vote in a public London-wide primary.
The Conservative Party hired Australian election strategist Lynton Crosby to run Johnson's campaign. Aware of Johnson's propensity for committing gaffes, Crosby prevented him from holding interviews with the print and broadcast media in favour of radio talk shows and daytime television which asked "easier" questions. Crosby also made Johnson tell fewer jokes and have a simpler haircut to help make him appear more serious. The campaign targeted Conservative-leaning suburbs in outer London to capitalise on a sense of being overlooked by the Livingstone administration which had paid most attention to inner London areas.
His campaign was launched in Edmonton in March 2008 when David Cameron, introducing Johnson, commented "I don't always agree with him, but I respect the fact that he's absolutely his own man."
Johnson's candidature received opposition from across the political spectrum. Right-wing journalists Simon Heffer and Peregrine Worsthorne described Johnson as not being serious enough to hold the role of Mayor of London, Worsthorne noting that the "harder he tried be serious, the more insincere, incoherent, evasive and even puerile he looked and sounded". Ken Livingstone described Johnson as "a joke". Left-of-centre commentators claimed that Johnson was not suited to be Mayor of such an ethnically diverse city because he had previously made comments which they interpreted as racist, a situation exacerbated when the British National Party urged its supporters to give their second preference votes to Johnson. Johnson denied allegations of racism and stated that he did not want any BNP supporters to vote for him.
Johnson's candidacy was the subject of international interest. Germany's "Der Spiegel" and America's National Public Radio reported the race, both quoting Johnson as saying "if you vote for the Conservatives, your wife will get bigger breasts, and your chances of driving a BMW M3 will increase", without however giving a source for this; the BBC has quoted the same statement by him from his 2004 campaign trail.
Though most pollsters—with the exception of YouGov which accurately forecast the final result—predicted either a close result or narrow win for Livingstone, it was announced on 2 May 2008 Johnson had garnered a total of 1,168,738 first and second preference votes to Livingstone's 1,028,966. Johnson benefited from a large voter turnout in Conservative strongholds, in particular Bexley and Bromley where he amassed a majority of over 80,000 over Livingstone. Following his victory, he praised Livingstone as a "very considerable public servant" and added that he hoped to "discover a way in which the mayoralty can continue to benefit from your transparent love of London". He also announced that, as a result of his victory, he would resign as Member of Parliament for Henley.
As Mayor of London.
Staff appointments.
Johnson assumed control at City Hall on 4 May 2008. He appointed Richard Barnes as his Deputy Mayor on 6 May 2008, as well as appointing the following to newly devolved offices; Ian Clement as Deputy Mayor for Government Relations, Kit Malthouse as Deputy Mayor for Policing and Ray Lewis as Deputy Mayor for Young People.
The Mayor also appointed Munira Mirza as his cultural adviser and Nick Boles, the founder of Policy Exchange, as Chief of Staff. Sir Simon Milton became Deputy Mayor for Policy and Planning, as well as Chief of Staff. He appointed Anthony Browne as Policy Director. Kulveer Ranger was appointed to Advisor for Transport and Isabel Dedring to Advisor for the Environment.
Political opponents questioned Johnson's judgement when Ray Lewis resigned on 4 July 2008, shortly after taking up his post, following allegations of financial misconduct during his prior career as a Church of England priest and inappropriate behaviour in respect of a false claim to have been appointed as a magistrate. Hazel Blears, the UK Communities Secretary, said that "People across the country will note that after just two months, the new Tory administration in London is in complete disarray. Londoners need to know what Boris knew and why the situation has changed." Kit Malthouse, London's Deputy Mayor for Policing, defended Lewis and said that he had "dedicated himself to saving young lives in London", regarding his policies on tackling knife crime, and called the Labour Party "ungracious" and accused them of "dancing on his political grave". Johnson himself said that he was "misled" by Lewis. On 22 June 2009, Ian Clement resigned after breaking rules by paying for personal items using a corporate credit card.
Public transport ticketing.
At the beginning of his tenure as Mayor, Johnson announced plans to introduce Oystercard across the entire rail network in London.
One of the pledges in Johnson's election manifesto was to retain Tube ticket offices, in opposition to Livingstone's proposal to close up to 40 London Underground ticket offices. On 2 July 2008 the Mayor's office announced that the closure plan was to be abandoned and that offices would remain open. On 21 November 2013, Transport for London announced that all London Underground ticket offices would close by 2015.
Ban on use of alcohol on public transport.
On 7 May 2008, Johnson announced plans to ban the consumption of alcohol on the London transport network, effective from 1 June, a policy described by Jeroen Weimar, Transport for London's director of transport policing and enforcement, as reasonable, saying people should be more considerate on the trains. The ban initially applied on the London Underground, Buses, DLR and Croydon Trams. The London Overground was added later in June 2008. Press releases said that the ban would apply to "stations across the capital", but did not specify whether this included National Rail stations – especially those stations not served by the TfL lines on which alcohol is banned.
On the final evening on which alcohol was to be permitted on London transport, thousands of drinkers descended on the Underground system to mark the event. Six London Underground stations were closed as trouble began, and some staff and police were assaulted. Police made 17 arrests as several trains were damaged and withdrawn from service.
Forensic Audit Panel.
The formation of the Forensic Audit Panel was announced on 8 May 2008. The Panel is tasked with monitoring and investigating financial management at the London Development Agency and the Greater London Authority. It is headed by Patience Wheatcroft, former editor of "The Sunday Telegraph". Previously the GLA investigated allegations of financial mismanagement itself.
Johnson's announcement was criticised by Labour for the perceived politicisation of this nominally independent panel, who asked if the appointment of these key Johnson allies to the panel – "to dig dirt on Ken Livingstone" – was "an appropriate use of public funds". Wheatcroft is married to a Conservative councillor and three of the four remaining panel members also have close links to the Conservatives: Stephen Greenhalgh (Conservative Leader of Hammersmith and Fulham Council), Patrick Frederick (Chairman of Conservative Business Relations for South East England and Southern London) and Edward Lister (Conservative Leader of Wandsworth Council).
The panel reported in July 2008. Its findings included that it had "identified failings in the LDA's leadership, governance and basic controls which have led to our overall conclusion that the former LDA board was ineffective" and also raised a number of concerns about the value for money achieved on projects that the LDA had funded. However, on the central allegations that the previous administration had misused their powers, the Panel found "their attempts to influence LDA project decisions did not breach any rules or protocols".
2008 Olympics.
Johnson was present at the closing ceremony of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing as London's representative to receive the Olympic flag from Guo Jinlong, the Mayor of Beijing in order to announce formally London as Olympic host city. At the subsequent handover party held at London House in Beijing, he gave a speech in which he declared 'ping pong is coming home'.
2012 Olympics.
London was successful in its bid to host the 2012 Summer Olympics while Ken Livingstone was still Mayor in 2005. Johnson's role in the proceedings was to be the co-chair of an Olympic board which oversaw the Games. Two of the actions subsequent to taking on this role were to improve the transport around London by making more tickets available and laying on more buses around the capital during the busy period as thousands of spectators were temporary visitors in London, and also to allow shops and supermarkets to have longer hours on Sundays.
US presidential election.
In August 2008, Johnson broke from the traditional procedure of those in public office not publicly commenting on other nations' elections when he openly endorsed then-Senator Barack Obama for the presidency of the United States. He later wrote a comment piece in "The Daily Telegraph" explaining his decision.
New Routemaster Bus.
As part of his mayoral election campaign in 2008, Johnson pledged to introduce a replacement for the popular Routemaster bus, an icon of the city. Following a design competition and awarding of the contract to the Wrightbus company, the new bus entered service in February 2012, with the first full route run by the bus launched in the summer of 2013. He has pledged to order as many as 600 of the buses for the city.
Resignation of Ian Blair.
In October 2008, Johnson forced the resignation of the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Ian Blair, hours after taking control of London's police authority. Those in support of this measure claimed that Blair's handling of certain events, such as the death of Jean Charles de Menezes, bonus payments and bias in favour of a piece of Government legislation left his position untenable, but critics have argued that the forced resignation makes the role of the commissioner more political.
Expenses controversy.
Several expense claims for very short taxi journeys were submitted by the Mayor, many of which included charges for taxis to wait several hours for the Mayor to use them with the meter running (for example, a return journey from City Hall to Elephant and Castle – a journey of 3 miles/5 km – which cost £99.50).
There are questions about whether some of this expenditure was allowed under GLA rules, which state taxis should be used only when there is no feasible public transport alternative and which ban paying taxis to wait more than 20 minutes.
Mugging intervention.
On 2 November 2009, Johnson intervened in the attempted mugging of a London resident as she was walking home. The victim, documentary film maker and Ken Livingstone supporter Franny Armstrong, was pushed against a car by a "group of young girls", one wielding an iron bar. Johnson was cycling past when he responded to Armstrong's call for help. Johnson "picked up the iron bar, called after the girls and cycled after them." He also reportedly called the girls "oiks". Johnson then returned to Armstrong and walked her home. Armstrong described Johnson as her "knight on a shining bicycle". The Mayor's office, however, declined to comment on the incident.
Youth reoffending statistics disputed.
In 2011, Johnson gave evidence to the Home Affairs Select Committee, comparing a 19% re-offending rate among those released from the Feltham Young Offenders' Institution to the then national average of around 78%. The chair of the UK Statistics Authority Sir Michael Scholar, who served as private secretary to former Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in the early 1980s, wrote to the committee's chair Keith Vaz MP to tell him the figures Johnson had quoted to a panel of MPs "do not appear to stand up to scrutiny". When Joanne McCartney, a Labour member of the London Assembly, questioned Johnson's use of the statistic, Johnson replied: "There's this guy Scholar writing me letters who sounds ... like some sort of Labour stooge." Johnson later admitted that his officials told him of "caveats" around the data, but pointed out that the revised re-offending rate for the institution of 39% was still substantially lower than the national average.
Ejection from London Assembly Meeting.
In February 2013, during a London Assembly meeting following the publication of the 2014 budget for London, Johnson was ejected from the meeting following a vote and on the grounds that his Deputy Victoria Borwick had left the chamber. Upon realising that the vote meant that he would not be questioned on the budget, Johnson referred to his political opponents as 'great supine protoplasmic invertebrate jellies.'
Cycling.
Johnson is a keen cyclist and made great political capital out of supporting cycling in London since coming to office in 2008. After heavy criticism, much from bloggers, that his policies were not going far enough and that London was still an extremely dangerous place to cycle, Johnson in March 2013 announced a change in his plans and declared an intention to "de-lycrafy" cycling through nearly £1,000 million of investment in a variety of cycle infrastructure over the next few years including a "Crossrail for bikes" of 15 miles/24 km of segregated cycle track running east-west through London.
On 4 August 2013, Johnson took part in the inaugural Ride London event, a 100 mile/160 km cycle ride from the Olympic Park in Stratford, passing through the Surrey Hills and finishing on the Mall in central London.
"Guardian" journalist Peter Walker has questioned Johnson's "true commitment" to cycling, after journalist Andrew Gilligan was appointed as London's Cycling Commissioner with few apparent qualifications in January 2013, but later that year praised Johnson for "daring to think big about cycling".
The Barclays Cycle Hire bicycles are commonly known as 'Boris Bikes', as Johnson was Mayor at the time of their introduction, and has subsequently expanded the scheme while in office. In September 2013 on LBC radio, Johnson vowed to change his name by deed poll to "Barclays Johnson" if the bank were to give a further £100 million towards the scheme.
24-hour Tube.
On 21 November 2013 Johnson announced major changes to the operation of London Underground, including the extension of Tube operating hours to run through the night at weekends. The announcement also revealed that all staffed Underground ticket offices would be closed with the aim of saving over £40 million a year, with automated ticketing systems provided instead.
Personal life.
Johnson is one of the most recognisable figures in British politics – partly attributable to his trademark unruly hairstyle (one exception to this trademark was during the 2008 Olympics). He is one of few British politicians identifiable by his first name alone. Reportedly, fearing that this familiarity made him more likeable and was helping his chances during the London Mayoral Campaign, Labour MP Tessa Jowell set up a 'swearbox' where any campaign member referring to him as 'Boris' would pay a fine. Jowell herself denied these claims. Johnson has since attracted a variety of irreverent names, including "BoJo" (a portmanteau of his forename and surname).
Johnson has been a frequent target for satirists. The magazine "Private Eye" pictured him on the front cover of issues 1120 (26 November 2004), 1156 (14 April 2006), and 1214 (11 July 2008). He has featured frequently in its cartoon strip (currently called "Dave Snooty and his Pals") as "Boris the Menace" (cf. "Dennis the Menace").
He has shown himself to be outspoken on issues which are treated by some as belonging to the realms of political correctness. In "Friends, Voters, Countrymen" (2001), Johnson wrote that "if gay marriage were OK – and I was uncertain on the issue – then I saw no reason in principle why a union should not be consecrated between three men, as well as two men, or indeed three men and a dog." In recent years Johnson has played down his previous support for the anti-gay law known as Section 28. and has expressed more moderate views on the issue. In 2006 and 2008 he took part in the London Gay Pride celebrations. Three weeks before the London mayoral election, 2012, he prevented London buses from carrying advertising for a Christian campaign which aimed to preach that homosexuality could be "cured." The campaign was to advertise the phrase, "Not gay! Ex-gay, post-gay and proud. Get over it!" Johnson told "The Guardian" that he regarded London as "one of the most tolerant cities in the world and intolerant of intolerance". He said, "It is clearly offensive to suggest that being gay is an illness that someone recovers from and I am not prepared to have that suggestion driven around London on our buses".
Shortly after the 7 July bombings in 2005, Johnson made the following comments:
Three years after the bombing, Johnson told "The Guardian" the following:
He has made appearances on television explaining his article on the 7/7 attacks, saying he now believes, after having researched the Qu'ran more in depth, that it is a "religion of peace".
Johnson is known for his love of cycling and regularly cycles to work. He has been the victim of several bike thefts and has expressed his desire to plant "decoy bicycles throughout Islington and send Navy SEALs in through the windows of thieves". He unveiled a bicycle sharing system modelled on Velib in London in July 2010, though the concept was due to his predecessor. Since becoming Mayor of London he has cut £10m off the budget for new cycle lanes in the capital; a spokesman said that the overall investment in cycling in London was increased to a record £55m in 2008, up from £36m in the previous year.
Johnson has stated that he is in favour of legalising medical marijuana. He has also stated that in the past he has "often smoked cannabis".
Johnson is a lover of Latin.
Controversies.
Stuart Collier.
Johnson was criticised in 1995, when a recording of a telephone conversation made in 1990 was made public, in which he is heard agreeing under pressure to supply to a former schoolmate, Darius Guppy, the private address and telephone number of the "News of the World" journalist Stuart Collier. There is no evidence that Johnson supplied the requested information, even though he promised under duress that he would. Guppy wished to have Collier beaten up for attempting to smear members of his family. Collier was not attacked, but Johnson did not alert the police and the incident became public knowledge only when a transcript of the conversation was published in the "Mail on Sunday". Johnson retained his job at the "Telegraph" but was reprimanded by its editor Max Hastings.
'Theft' of cigar case.
Johnson has been investigated by the police for the 'theft', in 2003, of a cigar case belonging to Tariq Aziz, an associate of Saddam Hussein, which Johnson had found in the rubble of Aziz's house in Baghdad. Aziz is currently in prison in Iraq, having been convicted of ordering the summary execution of 42 merchants. He faces other charges in relation to the brutal suppression of the Shia Muslim uprising after the first 1991 Gulf War. At the time, Johnson wrote an article in the "Daily Telegraph", stating he had taken the cigar case and would return it to its owner upon request. Despite this admission in 2003, Johnson received no indication from the police that he was being investigated for theft until 2008, leading supporters of Johnson to express suspicion that the investigation coincided with his candidacy for the position of London Mayor. "This is a monumental waste of time", said Johnson. On 24 June 2008, Johnson was forced to hand the cigar case over to police while they carried out enquiries into whether the Iraq (UN Sanctions) Order 2003 had been breached.
People of Liverpool.
On 16 October 2004, "The Spectator" carried an unsigned editorial comment criticising a perceived trend to mawkish sentimentality by the public. Using British hostage Kenneth Bigley as an example, the editorial claimed the inhabitants of Bigley's home city of Liverpool were wallowing in a "vicarious victimhood"; that many Liverpudlians had a "deeply unattractive psyche"; and that they refused to accept responsibility for "drunken fans at the back of the crowd who mindlessly tried to fight their way into the ground" during the Hillsborough disaster, a contention at odds with the findings of the Taylor Report. The editorial closed with: "In our maturity as a civilisation, we should accept that we can cut out the cancer of ignorant sentimentality without diminishing, as in this case, our utter disgust at a foul and barbaric act of murder."
Although Johnson had not written the piece (journalist Simon Heffer later said he "had a hand" in it), he accepted responsibility for its publication. The Conservative leader at the time, Michael Howard (a supporter of Liverpool FC), condemned the editorial, saying "I think what was said in "The Spectator" was nonsense from beginning to end", and sent Johnson on a tour of contrition to the city. There, in numerous interviews and public appearances, Johnson defended the editorial's thesis (that the deaths of figures such as Bigley and Diana, Princess of Wales, were over-sentimentalised); but he apologised for the article's wording and for using Liverpool and Bigley's death as examples, saying "I think the article was too trenchantly expressed but we were trying to make a point about sentimentality". Michael Howard resisted calls to dismiss Johnson over the Bigley affair, but dismissed him the next month over the Wyatt revelations.
Petronella Wyatt affair.
In 2004, British newspapers reported that Johnson had had a four-year affair with Petronella Wyatt. The affair, which had been well hinted at in UK newspaper gossip columns, included passionate London taxi cab rides around St John's Wood during which they would ask the cab driver to insert cassette tapes of Wyatt singing Puccini. Although Johnson had promised to leave his wife, after a break-up, they had rekindled their relationship during which Wyatt had become pregnant and then had an abortion. This resulted in her mother discovering the affair and reporting it to the press. Johnson was sacked from his shadow cabinet post by Michael Howard, not because of the affair but because he had lied about it.
Damian Green arrest.
Johnson was informed in advance of the arrest of Conservative MP Damian Green and told acting Metropolitan Police Commissioner Paul Stephenson that he did not regard the arrest as 'common sense policing'. A spokesman for Johnson says he told Stephenson he would need to see "convincing evidence that this action was necessary and proportionate," and that it would be better for police to spend their time preventing gun and knife crimes. As chair of the Metropolitan Police Authority, Johnson's position means he is not permitted to be involved in operational matters. Additionally Johnson is prohibited by Section 3, Paragraph 2(d) of the London Assembly Code of Conduct from doing anything that compromises the impartiality of a police officer. Andy Hayman, former Metropolitan Police assistant commissioner, commented that Johnson "was informed of the Green arrest in his position as chairman of the police authority but chose to react in the role of prominent Tory politician" and called Johnson's actions "political interference in operational policing."
A formal complaint against Johnson was filed on 6 December by Len Duvall, alleging that Johnson "is guilty of four 'clear and serious' code of conduct breaches by speaking to Green, an arrested suspect in an ongoing criminal investigation, and publicly prejudging the outcome of the police inquiry following a private briefing by senior officers" and that Johnson has brought the office of Mayor "into disrepute". Johnson admitted to telephoning Green after he had been bailed, an action which Duvall, a former Metropolitan Police Authority chairman, described as "absolutely astonishing and inappropriate," while Stephenson said it would be "entirely inappropriate" to prejudge an inquiry. Johnson had stated that he "had a 'hunch'" that Green would not be charged. The formal complaint gave investigators ten days to decide whether to submit Johnson to formal inquiry by the Standards Board for England, where a guilty verdict could have seen him suspended or removed as Mayor of London, or banned from public office for up to five years.
On 7 January 2009, several sources reported that the Greater London Authority and the Metropolitan Police Authority had decided to pursue a formal investigation of Johnson in-house. The GLA could have imposed a maximum penalty of three months' suspension from office if it had found Johnson guilty. However, on 24 February 2009 the GLA announced that Johnson had been found not guilty on all counts. However, despite clearing Johnson of any charges, investigator Jonathan Goolden said Johnson had been "extraordinary and unwise" in his actions and should be more careful in the future.
On 16 April 2009, the Crown Prosecution Service announced that it was not going to bring a case against either Damian Green or Galley, the Home Office civil servant who passed data to Mr Green, as there was "insufficient evidence" for either to face charges. This followed the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee criticising Home Office civil servants for prompting the investigation by using "exaggerated" claims about the implications for national security that the leaks held.
"Chicken feed" remark.
In a July 2009 interview with Stephen Sackur on the BBC programme "HARDtalk", Johnson referred to the £250,000 per annum income he receives from his side job as a columnist for "The Daily Telegraph" as "chicken feed," suggesting that he wrote the columns "as a way of relaxation ... on a Sunday morning," and that he wrote "very fast" so the columns did not take time away from his duties as Mayor. These comments were widely criticised, since the UK was at the time in economic recession and £250,000 is roughly 10 times the current average yearly wage for a worker in the UK.
Responding to these comments, and in reaction to an upcoming restructuring exercise in which more than 100 jobs were expected to be eliminated at City Hall, the trade union UNISON, which represents 350 GLA staff, staged a protest featuring a "penned-up chicken man" being pelted with chicken feed by a Johnson lookalike in a pig mask.
Veronica Wadley.
In October 2009, it was alleged that Johnson had selected former "Evening Standard" editor Veronica Wadley as head of the Arts Council For London because of her support for his candidacy during his 2008 mayoral campaign. Wadley was described by Liz Forgan, head of the Arts Council, as being "manifestly less qualified than three of her competitors", adding that she had "almost no arts credibility" and that she had been rejected in the first round of interviews by both Forgan and David Durie, being favoured only by Johnson's Cultural Advisor Munira Mirza. Johnson wrote to Culture Secretary Ben Bradshaw that he felt Wadley's "fundraising skills and views on music education made her the obvious candidate."
Helen Macintyre.
Johnson committed a "minor technical breach of the code of conduct" in failing "to formally disclose his relationship with unpaid City Hall adviser Helen Macintyre", the standards panel of the Greater London Authority found on 15 December 2010.
The mayor's office insisted that Macintyre's appointment was part of a "thorough, transparent process", and the standards panel deemed it an "oversight" not so serious as to require censure. Johnson fathered a child with Macintyre in 2009. It emerged on 21 May 2013 that Macintyre had lost an appeal against a July 2012 High Court ruling rejecting an application for a privacy injunction. The Court of Appeal reaffirmed that it was in the "public interest" for the paternity of their daughter to be openly known.
St Patrick's Day celebrations.
In an interview for the "New Statesman" in February 2012 he criticised London's St Patrick's Day gala dinner celebrations. Linking them to Sinn Féin, he branded the event as 'Lefty crap'. He subsequently apologised for the remarks.
Remarks about women in Malaysian universities.
Boris Johnson was present at the launch of the World Islamic Economic Forum in London in July 2013, where he answered questions alongside Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak and other public figures. Responding to a question about women in the Islamic world, Razak said, "Before coming here, my officials have told me that the latest university intake in Malaysia, a Muslim country, 68% will be women entering our universities." Johnson then interrupted and said, "They've got to find men to marry." The remark elicited laughter and groans, and was later criticised by women who attended the event and others who were offended. Pippa Crerar, political correspondent for the "London Evening Standard", was at the event and wrote that it was "a stupid comment" but "clearly a joke and was met with the groans it deserved".
After controversy erupted, Johnson issued a statement: "Some people seem to have misconstrued something I said at a press conference 5 days ago, about relative male underachievement in university entrance. It is utterly ludicrous and infuriating to suggest that I think women go to University to find a husband. I was merely pointing out something that I've said several times before — that with a graduate cohort 68 per cent female you intensify the phenomenon sociologists identify as assortative mating." A source at City Hall described the comment as "off the cuff and completely light-hearted".
Charitable activity.
Johnson is a supporter of many causes, particularly the teaching of Classics in inner city schools, and is a patron of The Iris Project. He has promised to donate £25,000 of his income from his "Daily Telegraph" column to such activities.
Johnson has also supported Book Aid International amongst other charities.
In 2006, he took part in a charity football match between England and Germany, consisting of celebrities and former players. He came on as a substitute for England in the 85th minute and infamously rugby-tackled former German international Maurizio Gaudino, in an attempt to win the ball.
Ancestry.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="19065070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065070" title="Mt. Shasta Brewing Company">
Mt. Shasta Brewing Company

Mt. Shasta Brewing Company is a microbrewery based in Weed, California, the makers of Weed Ales & Lagers. Owners Vaune and Barbara Dillmann began commercial production in 2003. Mount Shasta Brewing Company is licensed to distribute its beers in the states of California, Oregon, and Washington. The brewery has won awards for its beers, for local community involvement and for its marketing success with the slogan "Try Legal Weed".
History.
Oakland Police officer Vaune V. Dillmann left Oakland in 1974 with his new bride, Barbara. The newlyweds settled near Mount Shasta; her family had earlier ties to land in the area. Vaune Dillmann purchased the Black Butte Saloon in central Weed and operated it for 25 years. During this time Dillmann helped sponsor the rebuilding of a large sign welcoming visitors to Weed, the sign arching over the town's main street leading to the saloon. Barbara M. Dillmann served for a time as Siskiyou County Superintendent of Schools.
Dillmann long wished to brew beer in the tradition of his German ancestors who settled in Milwaukee. In 1992, he bought the Medo-Bel Creamery building in Weed three days before it was to be auctioned off. In renovating the 1952 building into a brewery, serious gasoline soil contamination was discovered, traced to leaking gasoline tanks and pump facilities used for decades to fuel Medo-Bel's fleet of trucks. Dillmann was granted $995,000 in state funds intended to remove contaminants from underground storage tanks, and the property was finally pronounced clean in May 1999.
The building took further improvements before beer could be made. Skylights were cut in the roof and the interior ceiling was clad in insulated plastic. Brewing equipment was brought from St. Paul, Minnesota—a 1938 24-barrel (740 gal, 2,800 L) brew kitchen outgrown by Summit Brewing Company—and from Davis, California, where Dillmann bought a modern 15-barrel (465 gal, 1,755 L) PUB system. The first commercial keg beer was brewed by Mt. Shasta Brewing in 2003: Weed Golden Ale. In 2005, the first batch of bottled beer was produced. In 2007, the brewery's Shastafarian Porter placed first in the Porter category in Sacramento at the California Brewers Festival. The next year at the Festival, the brewery's Mountain High IPA scored top India Pale Ale honors (edging out Bear Republic's highly regarded Racer 5 IPA), and their sour cherry-infused summer seasonal brew, Mt. Shasta Kriek Ale, came in third in the Fruit Beers category. Also in 2009, Mt. Shasta Brewing Company was named "Business of the Year" by the Weed Chamber of Commerce.
In 2003 two months before Mt. Shasta Brewing Company released its first product, Butte Creek Brewery in Chico, California, came out with a brew they patented as Mt. Shasta Pale Ale. Butte Creek sued for control of the trademark of Mt. Shasta Brewing Company, but Dillmann won the suit after a significant effort in proving his claim.
The brewery distributes its bottled beers to retailers and also serves beer in its tasting room and restaurant. The tasting room features an oak bar saved from Rosie's Saloon in nearby Fort Jones. Occasional specialty brews such as Strawberry Porter and Stout of Jefferson are only available at the tasting room. Being near the College of the Siskiyous is a boost to business, according to Dillmann, as is being near Interstate 5.
Mt. Shasta Brewing is one of three breweries in Siskiyou County, California. The other two are Dunsmuir Brewery Works and Etna Brewing Company.
Slogan controversy.
Dillmann says he freely uses the town's name in his marketing by permission of the descendants of lumber baron Abner Weed, the town's founder and a state senator. Mt. Shasta Brewing Company's website domain is www.weedales.com, and "Weed Ales" is trademarked. Dillmann says the brewery relies on tourists for 92% of its business, and he uses the Weed name in double entendre, playfully, to promote the brand. Some of the company slogans are "Try Legal Weed", "A Friend in Weed Is a Friend Indeed" and "Weed – a flavor yet to be discovered."
The slogan "Try Legal Weed" has appeared on the bottle caps of each product in the brewery's line since 2008. In April 2008, the company was ordered to remove the slogan by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (ATTTB) because of the perceived endorsement of an illegal drug. The Dillmanns argued that they should be allowed to exercise their freedom of speech, and that the slogan refers to the town of Weed and advertises a legal product. Dillmann said he has never in his life tried marijuana (also known as "weed"). Dillmann was invited to speak about the issue on regional and national television programs, local radio shows, and he was interviewed by reporters from many countries. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) expressed their intention to challenge the ruling on the basis of the First Amendment guaranteeing freedom of speech, but in October 2008 ATTTB reversed their decision after additional review. 
Upon hearing the news, Dillmann said, "Weed fought the law, and Weed won." The following year, the Dillmanns were honored by the United States Commerce Association's Best of Local Business Award Program for positive contributions to the local community and their marketing success in the battle to retain the slogan.

</doc>
<doc id="19065071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065071" title="Northwest Junior Pipe Band">
Northwest Junior Pipe Band

The Northwest Junior Pipe Band (NWJPB) is a Novice/Grade 4 and Grade 5 youth bagpipe band based in the North Seattle/Shoreline area of the Pacific Northwest in Washington. Founded in 1995 by Charlie McNeill, a Scottish emigrant with a deep love for the bagpipes and for teaching youth, the band has grown rapidly beginning in 2005 to its peak of 50+ members during the 2007/2008 season. The 2008 Juvenile Pipe Major was Matthew Maier and Drum Sergeant Joseph Young. 
The band director and piping instructor is Kevin Auld, midsection instructor is Marcie MacRae, snare drumming instructor Scott Parker (who joined the band in 2010), replacing Steve Roy who was drum Director from 2005 through 2009. It is the only youth competition pipe band in Washington.
The band won the Washington State Championships in 2008, and traveled to Scotland to compete in the World Pipe Band Championships. While in Scotland with 30 members aged 9 to 18, they were featured performers at the opening of the Piping Live! Festival in George Square, and the international parade of bands sponsored by the Royal Scottish Pipe Band Association on Friday before the Championships. The band competed in a field of 24 pipe bands in Grade 4 at the Perth Highland Games, winning against the 2008 British, European, and World Champions in Grade 4B and many other youth and adult bands from around the world. The band won 1st place of 11 pipe bands at the Crieff Highland Games, and placed in the top six at the Championships in Glasgow on August 16, 2008, winning third place in the Novice Juvenile qualifier round and ultimately placing 5th in the world; the top position of any North American youth bagpipe band who competed at the 2008 World Pipe Band Championships.
A non-profit organization, the band keeps the cost of membership in the organization as low as possible, provides scholarship opportunities to low-income members to pay for private or group instruction, and started a low-cost group lesson program for beginners called "Pipe Band School" in 2007. In 2007/8, less than 15% of the band's budget came from membership dues. The band relies on the generous support of the community to support the large yearly cost of fielding a successful and growing youth bagpipe band. Uniforms alone run nearly $1,000 per member, but the band also provides drums and bagpipe reeds and chanters to its members. Community support is essential to provide youth with the necessary tools for their success.
Alumni students of Northwest Junior Pipe Band have gone on to perform and compete with some of the top bagpipe bands in the world including Simon Fraser University Pipe Band, Dowco Triumph Street Pipe Band, Robert Malcolm Memorial Pipe Band, Boghall and Bathgate Caledonia Pipe Band, and more. The band finished the 2008 and 2009 seasons in the British Columbia Pipers Association ranked 2nd of 11 pipe bands in Grade 4. The band won the Washington State Grade 3 Pipe Band and the Washington State Grade 4 Pipe Band Championships in 2010, and finished its 15th anniversary season winning its first British Columbia Pipers' Association Grade 4 Pipe Band Grand Aggregate Championship.
The band announced a unique joint project with White Spot Pipe Band from Vancouver, BC, Canada for the 2010/2011 season. The two bands combined their top pipers and drummers and competed in Grade 3 for the 2011 season, traveling together to Glasgow, Scotland for the World Pipe Band Championships 
The Northwest/White Spot United Pipe Band placed 1st in piping and 2nd overall in Grade 3 at the Bridge of Allan Highland Games, placing ahead of the 2011 European, British, and Scottish Juvenile champions. 
They competed at the North Berwick Highland games, receiving two 2nds in piping, tying for 2nd and placing 3rd in Juvenile on Ensemble results
The unique one year juvenile project finished the season and the band's one year history placing 5th overall (tie for 4th broken on ensemble preference) at the World Pipe Band Championships in Juvenile.

</doc>
<doc id="19065082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065082" title="Grant v The Australian Knitting Mills">
Grant v The Australian Knitting Mills

Grant v The Australian Knitting Mills ( A.C. 562) is a landmark case in consumer law from 1936. It is often used as a benchmark in legal cases, and as an example for students studying law.
The case.
Dr. Grant, the plaintiff, contracted dermatitis as a result of wearing woolen underpants which had been manufactured by the defendants (Australian Knitting Mills Ltd). The garment in question contained an excess of sulphite. Upon purchase, he wore them for one entire week without washing them beforehand. The Privy Council held that the defendants were liable to the plaintiff.

</doc>
<doc id="19065083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065083" title="1970–71 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team">
1970–71 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team

The 1970–71 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team won the National Collegiate Champion again on March 13, 1971 in the Astrodome Houston, Texas. It became the seventh championship in eight years under head coach John Wooden. UCLA defeated Villanova, 68-62. Villanova's second place was vacated later by NCAA.
Smith Barrier, Executive Sports Editor, The Greensboro Daily News and Record wrote: "Mister John Wooden has a watch factory out in Los Angeles. It's a bit different from most Swiss works. They don't make watches, they win 'em."
UCLA averaged 83.5 points per game, while allowed 71.1 points per game to the opponents. Seniors Sidney Wicks and Curtis Rowe were selected to the consensus All-America team.
The Bruins won in the NCAA West Regional in Salt Lake City, UT, over BYU (91–73) and Long Beach State (57–55) to advance to the Final Four, where they defeated Kansas (68–60) in the semi-final game.
Schedule and results.
Note: * = "Start of the 88-game winning streak"

</doc>
<doc id="19065084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065084" title="Hess Tower">
Hess Tower

Hess Tower is a 29-story building located adjacent to Discovery Green park in downtown Houston, Texas. It was formerly called Discovery Tower until Hess Corporation leased the entire tower in January 2009.
The global architectural firm Gensler designed the building. The building was a project of Trammell Crow Company, a real estate development and investment firm.
The building was originally designed to house a number of wind turbines, but the turbines were removed in December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19065091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065091" title="Zephaniah Platt (Michigan Attorney General)">
Zephaniah Platt (Michigan Attorney General)

Zephaniah Platt (March 31, 1796 Pleasant Valley, Dutchess County, New York - April 20, 1871 Aiken, Aiken County, South Carolina) was an American lawyer and politician from Michigan. He was Michigan Attorney General from 1841 to 1843.
Life.
He was the son of New York Supreme Court Justice Jonas Platt and Helena (Livingston) Platt (1767-1859), and was baptized at the Presbyterian Church in Pleasant Valley, N.Y. On September 30, 1818, he married Cornelia Jenkins (d. 1890), and they had seven children.
He removed to the Michigan Territory and practiced law at Jackson, Michigan. He was Attorney General of the State of Michigan from 1841 to 1843.
He attended the 1842 Ojibwe treaty negotiations with the "Lake Superior Chippewa" at LaPointe and signed the treaty as a witness. Subsequently Platt acted as representative for some of the American Fur Company's Ojibwe traders seeking recompense for past Indian debts.
After the end of the American Civil War, he removed to South Carolina, and was Judge of the 2nd Circuit Court from 1868 until his death.
He was a grandson of Zephaniah Platt, and a nephew of Charles Z. Platt and of John Henry Livingston.

</doc>
<doc id="19065094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065094" title="Muhamedin Kullashi">
Muhamedin Kullashi

Muhamedin Kullashi () is an Albanian philosopher and Professor in a French University in Paris and politician. He is the Republic of Kosovo's ambassador to France.

</doc>
<doc id="19065100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065100" title="Marillion discography">
Marillion discography

This is the complete discography of the neo-progressive rock band Marillion.
Singles.
D — "The Damage (Live)" was released as a download-only single in 2004, when download-only releases weren't yet eligible to chart on the UK Singles Chart. Therefore, the number indicates the position on UK Official Download Chart.
Live albums.
The table above only lists live albums which were released to retail on a major label. In addition, there have been many live releases on the band's own Racket Records label, which are detailed separately in the relevant section below.
Compilation albums.
The table above only lists the compilations whose release was approved by the band. There have also been several unofficial compilations, generally issued on budget labels without the band's consent or approval over track list, artwork etc.
Racket Records releases.
Racket Records is Marillion's own label - Racket releases are only available direct from Marillion's online shop. Some of the early releases are now out of print as CDs and DVDs, but most are available as audio downloads.
Audio releases.
Racket have also released a small number of titles by artists other than Marillion (usually band members' side projects), which are not listed in the table above:
Video releases.
1 Racket 39, which is in the sequence used for CD releases, was used for the "M-Tube" DVD and subsequently reused for a CD release.
2 Racket 106 has been used for two different releases.
The letter suffix to the catalogue number denotes video format:
Racket 91 was released on PAL and NTSC VHS - the P and N suffixes for this release denote the VHS versions.
Racket 99 has no suffix, and is NTSC-only.
Fan Club Christmas discs.
Free issue to Fan Club members only, very limited runs. CDs were released from 1998 to 2008; DVDs were released from 2009 onwards. All titles now out of print, although are available for purchase as download only when taking out or renewing Fan Club membership. Most contain a Christmas message from the band members, one new Christmas-themed song, and an assortment of other tracks.
Front Row Club releases.
The Front Row Club was a subscription-only service by which CDs of raw concert recordings, originally made by the band for their own reference, were released. Members paid for a subscription (initially lasting six releases; later reduced to four releases), and as the shows were released, they were automatically mailed to members. There were also occasional optional releases, which were only mailed on request - these were generally reissues of previously released material. The only FRC issue which was available to non-subscribers was the "Curtain Call" box set - this was the only FRC release of material before Steve Hogarth joined the band, and was sold via both Marillion and Fish's online stores, as well as being an optional FRC release.
After the release of FRC-040 in January 2008, the FRC changed to a download-only digital distribution format. This lasted for a further three issues - after FRC-043, the FRC was closed. (Starting with the "Happiness On The Road" tour, Marillion moved to publishing the majority of their live performances from desk recordings as digital downloads, rendering the FRC redundant.)
Only a limited number of copies were manufactured for each FRC release (believed to be no more than 3,000) and were not re-issued once sold out. Most of the FRC releases are now out of print on CD, but are still available from the band's website as downloads.
External links.
Jacqueline Chekroun, "Marillion, l'ère du Poisson", France 1994. JC éditions, 99 Vallon des Vaux 06 800 Cagnes-sur-mer, France

</doc>
<doc id="19065104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065104" title="James Alexander Porterfield Rynd">
James Alexander Porterfield Rynd

James Alexander Porterfield Rynd (1846–1917) was Dublin born chess player and lawyer.
He was born on 6 April 1846 the son of Dublin solicitor James William Goodlatte Rynd and Isabella Susannah Stephens Rynd. Porterfield Rynd's uncle(his fathers half brother) was Dr. Francis Rynd the inventor of the hallow needle syringe.
He won the Irish Chess Championship competition in 1865 was run under the auspices of the "Hibernia Chess Association" a forerunner of the Irish Chess Union. This Tournament was run alongside an international chess tournament in Dublin.
Porterfield Rynd's birth date is often listed incorrectly as 1855 this has led some books to cast doubt on his claim to the Irish championship in 1865, such as "The Guinness Book of Chess Records" by Ken Whyld. But further articles and his obituaries discount this and state he was born in 1846 and died aged 71 in 1917.
He was accepted as the Irish Chess Champion until 1885 when a tournament was hosted by the Irish Chess Association to find an Irish Champion, Rynd did not play in this tournament. Rynd won the title again in 1892.
Porterfield Rynd held an LLB, in 1869 he entered the King's Inns, Dublin, and was called to the Bar in 1874. On 7 September 1869 he married Anna Cranwill and on 9 October 1873 his first child was born: Kenneth Arly Rynd.
"Easily the most colorful personage in the place was Porterfield Rynd, one of the ablest members of the Dublin bar--a man who, if he had been half as devoted to the drudgery of work as he was to the allurement of play, could easily have attained the highest honors in the judiciary."
He was a member of Clontarf Tennis and Chess Club, and played many sports in his youth. Rynd was a member of Dublin Chess Club and played in the first ever Armstrong Cup, the oldest Irish league competition.
Porterfield Rynd was a Unionist and produced pamphlet of his thoughts on the subject in 1906 for the Irish Unionist Association.
A letter of Rynd's outlining support for the unionist cause are contained in letters to Bonar Law.
In the 1890s Porterfield Rynd edited a chess column which regularly appeared on the back page of the Saturday issue of Dublin's Evening Herald. He was not burdened with modesty and the title "Irish Champion" appears beside his column.
He died in Dublin on 17 March 1917, his obituary was in the Irish Times of Monday 19 March 1917, "RYND - March 17, 1917 JAMES ALEXANDER PORTERFIELD RYND, Barrister-at-Law, in his 71st year", and there was also an obituary in the Belfast Newsletter 22 March 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="19065175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065175" title="Arp 276">
Arp 276

Arp 276 is a pair of interacting galaxies NGC 935 and IC 1801 within the Aries constellation. NGC 935 is the northern member of the pair and IC 1801 is the southern.

</doc>
<doc id="19065176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065176" title="Chisato Fukushima">
Chisato Fukushima

Chisato Fukushima (福島 千里,born June 27, 1988 in Hokkaido) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Japan. She is the Japanese record holder in the women's 100 metres and 200 metres.
She began her career with appearances in the sprints at the 2005 World Youth Championships in Athletics and the 2006 World Junior Championships in Athletics. Fukushima represented Japan at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, and the 2012 Summer Games in London. She competed at the 100 m sprint and placed fifth in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 11.74 seconds.
In 2009, she broke Sakie Nobuoka's 200 m Japanese national record of 23.33 seconds in Hiroshima, recording 23.14 seconds. Soon after, she broke the national record in the 100 m for the first time, registering 11.28, then 11.24 seconds. She also broke the 200 metres Japanese record again with a run of 23.14 seconds. Fukushima improved upon this in June at the Japanese national championships, winning the race in 23 seconds flat. In addition, this achieved the A standard, and qualification, for the 2009 World Championships in Athletics. However, at the championships she finished fourth in the 200 m heats and was eliminated. She managed to reach the quarter-finals of the 100 m however.
In November of the same year, she won her first Asian title in 100 m with 11.27 seconds into a negative wind of −1.0 m/s, at the 2009 Asian Championships in Athletics in Guangzhou, China. Three days later, she secured her second gold medal of the same meet together with her teammates in the women's 4 x 100 m relay final. She came third for the 2009 Japanese Athlete of the Year award by voting of an expert panel from "Track and Field Magazine of Japan".
She began 2010 with a new record in the 100 m at the Mikio Oda Memorial International Amateur Athletic Game, recording a time of 11.21 seconds. She won the 100 m at the Japanese championships, beating Momoko Takahashi in a time of 11.39 seconds, but finished as runner-up behind her rival in the 200 m race. On November 22, She won her first gold medal in 100 m at the 2010 Asian Games, again in Guangzhou, thus ending Japan's 44-year-long medal drought in the sprint event.
At the 2011 Seiko Golden Grand Prix Fukushima set a new national relay record of 43.39 seconds alongside Saori Kitakaze, Takahashi and Kana Ichikawa.
On June 26, 2011, Chisato Fukushima ran a 100m time of 11.16 with ＋3.4 m/s wind in Tottori city, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19065186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065186" title="James McSparran">
James McSparran

James McSparran QC (1 May 1892 - 15 April 1970), was an Irish nationalist politician.
McSparran was born in Glasgow to an Irish family He studied at St Mungo's Academy, Glasgow, then St Malachy's College in Belfast, Queen's University of Belfast, and the National University of Ireland.
McSparran was appointed to the Irish Bar in 1916, and later became a King's Counsel. He also had interests in the "Irish News".
At the Northern Ireland general election, 1945, McSparran was elected for the Nationalist Party in Mourne. He immediately became the Chairman of the Nationalist Party at Stormont, and was the founding Chairman of the Anti-Partition of Ireland League. In 1953, he became instead the President of the League, and in 1958, he stood down from Parliament and his position as Chairman of the Nationalist Party.
McSparran remained active as a barrister and supported the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19065187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065187" title="Bektas Abubakirov">
Bektas Abubakirov

Bektas Abubakirov (; born December 12, 1972) is a retired boxer from Kazakhstan, who competed for his native country in the Men's Bantamweight (– 54 kg) at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. There he was defeated in the first round by France's Rachid Bouaita.

</doc>
<doc id="19065194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065194" title="Albania–United Kingdom relations">
Albania–United Kingdom relations

Albania – United Kingdom relations are the international relations between Albania and United Kingdom.
Embassies and consulates.
There is a British Embassy on Rruga Skenderbeg in Tirana with Mr Nicholas Cannon OBE as the ambassador.
Diplomatic visits.
On the 12 February 2008 Albanian Minister of Foreign Affairs Lulzim Basha met the British Foreign Secretary David Miliband

</doc>
<doc id="19065198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065198" title="Trevor Plouffe">
Trevor Plouffe

Trevor Patrick Plouffe (born June 15, 1986) is a professional baseball third baseman with the Minnesota Twins of Major League Baseball.
Professional career.
Minor leagues.
After being named a 2004 "Collegiate Baseball News" High School All-American, Plouffe was drafted by the Minnesota Twins with the 20th overall pick in the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft. After signing for $1.5 million, Plouffe spent the 2004 season with the Rookie-level Elizabethton Twins. He batted .283 and was named the league's sixth best prospect by "Baseball America". Plouffe spent 2005 with the Midwest League's Beloit Snappers, where he was again recognized as one of the league's top prospects, this time ranking 12th overall.
In 2006, Plouffe played for the Fort Myers Miracle of the Florida State League. During the season, he played third base in 25 games, the first time he had played a position other than shortstop as a professional.
In 2007, Plouffe was promoted to the Double-A New Britain Rock Cats. He was chosen as the Twins' Minor League Player of the Week (April 27-May 3), Eastern League Player of the Week (May 28-June 3) and an Arizona Fall League Rising Star.
Plouffe split the 2008 season between the Rock Cats and Triple-A Rochester Red Wings, where he hit a combined .262 with nine home runs and sixty RBIs. With the Red Wings, he was used at second base as well as third base and shortstop. After the season, on November 20, Plouffe was added to the Twins' 40-man roster. 
In 2009, Plouffe spent the entire year in Rochester. He also returned to playing shortstop full-time while batting .260 in 118 games.
Major league debut.
After starting the 2010 season with Rochester, he was called up to the Twins on May 20, replacing pitcher Jeff Manship on the 25-man roster. He started his first major league game for the Twins on May 21 against the Milwaukee Brewers, singling and driving in a run in his first big league at bat. Plouffe remained with the club through June 19, batting .130 in seven games over his time with the club. Plouffe was recalled again on July 30, after an injury to Twins infielder Nick Punto.
2011.
Plouffe returned to the Red Wings at the start of the 2011 season. After a fast start in which he batted .282 with 6 home runs in 21 games, Plouffe was called up on May 6. That day, he started at shortstop against the Boston Red Sox, and in his first at bat hit a home run over the Green Monster off of Tim Wakefield.
2012.
After starting the season poorly, Plouffe embarked on a power surge at mid-season, hitting 11 home runs in the month of June. He has become the Twins' everyday third baseman after Danny Valencia was demoted to Triple-A Rochester in early May.

</doc>
<doc id="19065215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065215" title="Mark de Bretton Platts">
Mark de Bretton Platts

Mark de Bretton Platts (born 1947) is a philosopher at the Instituto de Investigaciones Filosóficas de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (Institute for Philosophical Investigation, National Autonomous University of Mexico). He is well known for criticizing the Humean theory of motivation, especially in his book "Ways of Meaning" (1979/1997).
Life.
Platts was born in England in 1947. He studied philosophy at University College, Oxford, where he received his B.Phil. in 1972. He has won several prizes for his academic work, such as the Henry Wilde Prize (in 1969) and the John Locke Prize (in 1971) from Oxford University.
Platts was a lecturer at Birkbeck College, University of London, for a period in the 1970s and 1980s, where he lectured on philosophical logic and the philosophy of language and also on Descartes and Locke. His colleagues included Roger Scruton, Ian McFetridge, and Samuel Guttenplan. 
Platts was a strong believer in the tutorial system at Birkbeck.
Work.
Some of Platts's work has been highly influential. He is well known for his criticisms of the Humean theory of motivation and is considered an "Anti-Humean" (along with philosophers like John McDowell). This issue has generated a large body of research in the late 20th century. For example, Michael Smith discusses Platts's Anti-Humeanism at length in his influential book "The Moral Problem" (1994), which won the Book Prize of the American Philosophical Association in 2000. 
Platts's book, "Ways of Meaning" (1979/1997) has been cited by many prominent philosophers, such as Simon Blackburn, Philip Pettit, William Lycan, Christopher Peacocke, and Ernest Lepore---to name a few. A prominent philosopher, Peter Ludlow, writes of Platts's (1979/1997) book: 
This is the book that turned on a generation of philosophers of language—turned them on to the Davidsonian program, that is ... More than that, he surveyed a number of natural language constructions, showing how they could be handled in such a framework, and thereby mapping out the landscape of what has since become a full-blown philosophical research program.
Publications.
The following is a partial list of publications by Platts.

</doc>
<doc id="19065216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065216" title="Avni Spahiu">
Avni Spahiu

Avni Spahiu (Serbo-Croat: "Avni Spahiju") was born on 12 March 1953 in Kosovska Mitrovica, Yugoslavia - in present day Kosovo. He is a Kosovar politician and the head of Radio Kosovo. He is the Republic of Kosovo's ambassador to the United States. The Embassy in Washington is yet to become fully operational. 
History.
Avni Spahiu graduated from University of Pristina in 1986, with a degree in Literature. From 1999 to 2000, he was Editor in Chief of Radio Television of Kosovo (RTK). Then from 2002 till 2003, he was Director of RTK.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19065222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065222" title="Sonia Williams">
Sonia Williams

Sonia Olivia Williams (born May 28, 1979) is a female track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Antigua and Barbuda.
__TOC__
Career.
Williams represented Antigua and Barbuda at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed sixth in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 12.04 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19065223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065223" title="Richard Marx songwriting and production discography">
Richard Marx songwriting and production discography

This is a list of Richard Marx's collaborative work as a producer and songwriter for various artists. 
1980s.
1984<br>
Kenny Rogers - What About Me
Fee Waybill - Read My Lips
1985<br>
St. Elmo's Fire soundtrack
1986<br>
David Foster - David Foster
1987<br>
Richard Carpenter - Time
1988<br>
Vixen - Vixen
Tequila Sunrise soundtrack
1989<br>
Cliff Richard - Stronger
Sing soundtrack
Now That's What I Call Music 16 (U.K. series)
Steve Lukather - Lukather
1990s.
1990<br>
John Farnham - Chain Reaction
1991<br>
Kiri Te Kanawa - The Kiri Selection
1992<br>
Now That's What I Call Music! 22 (U.K. series)
Now That's What I Call Music! 23 (U.K. series)
1993<br>
John Farnham - Then Again
1994<br>
Lara Fabian - Carpe Diem
Now That's What I Call Music! 27 (U.K. series)
1995<br>
Luther Vandross - This Is Christmas
1996<br>
Bruce Gaitsch - A Lyre In A Windstorm
Amy Sky - Cool Rain
The Tubes - Genius of America
Roch Voisine - Kissing Rain
For Our Children, Too compilation
One Voice: The Songs Of Chage & Aska
The Mirror Has Two Faces soundtrack
1997<br>
Bruce Gaitsch - Asphasia
Fee Waybill - Don't Be Scared By These Hands
1998<br>
Sarah Brightman - Eden
Luther Vandross - I Know
Body Talk: Great Love Songs 1965-1995: Disc 1
1999<br>
Shane Minor - Shane Minor
Monica - The Boy Is Mine
SheDaisy - The Whole SheBang
Barbra Streisand - A Love Like Ours
2000s.
2000<br>
98 Degrees - Revelation
Natalie Cole - Greatest Hits-Volume 1
Countdown - Who Let The Boys Out
H.O.T - 99 Live In Seoul
N Sync - No Strings Attached
Kenny Rogers - There You Go Again
SheDaisy - Brand New Year
2001<br>
Natalie Cole - Love Songs
Meredith Edwards - Reach
Josh Groban - Josh Groban
Cliff Richard - Wanted
The Tubes - Extended Versions
2002<br>
Michael Bolton - Only A Woman Like You
Chris Botti - December
Emerson Drive - Emerson Drive
Marie Sisters - Marie Sisters
Olivia Newton-John - (2)
SheDaisy - Knock On The Sky
Barbra Streisand - Duets
Bonnie Tyler - Heart Strings
John Tesh - The Power Of Love
2003<br>
Chicago - The Box
Billy Ray Cyrus - The Other Side
Vince Gill - Next Big Thing
Kenny Loggins - It's About Time
Sister Hazel - Chasing Daylight
Kristy Starling - Kristy Starling
Luther Vandross - Dance With My Father
Smooth Sax Tribute To Luther Vandross
2004<br>
Kellie Coffey - A Little More Me
Emerson Drive - What If
William Hung - 
Kimberly Locke - One Love
Donny Osmond - What I Meant To Say
Kenny Rogers - 42 Ultimate Hits
Sissel - My Heart
Sister Hazel - Lift
Keith Urban - Be Here
Sounds Of The Seasons
Ultimate '80's
2005<br>
N Sync - Greatest Hits
Matt Tyler - Love Songs
Ronan Tynan - Ronan
Disney's Happiest Celebration On Earth: 50 Years
Golden Slumbers: A Father's Love
2006<br>
Clay Aiken - A Thousand Different Ways
Toni Braxton - Libra
Julio Iglesias - Romantic Classics
Ronan Keating - Bring You Home
Sister Hazel - Absolutely
Keith Urban - Love, Pain, And The Whole Crazy Thing
Luther Vandross - The Ultimate Luther Vandross
Country Dance Kings - A Tribute To Keith Urban
2007<br>
Graham Colton - Here Right Now
Kipper - This Is Different
Kenny Loggins - How About Now
Cliff Richard - Love... The Album
Travis Tritt - The Storm
Keith Urban - 
Casey Kasem Presents The Long Distance Dedications
New Music From An Old Friend
2008<br>
George Canyon - What I Do
Hawk Nelson - Hawk Nelson Is My Friend
Barry Manilow - The Greatest Songs Of The Eighties
Alexander O'Neal - Alex Loves
Sister Hazel - Before The Amplifiers, Live Acoustic
Now That's What I Call Country!
Now That's What I Call Music 27
2009<br>
Daughtry - Leave This Town
Default - Comes And Goes
Katherine Jenkins - Believe
Red - Innocence & Instinct
Vertical Horizon - Burning The Days
2010s.
2010<br>
First Signal - First Signal
Lifehouse - Smoke & Mirrors
Philip Sayce - Innerevolution
Ringo Starr - Y Not
Keith Urban - Get Closer
2011
Classic (Joe McElderry album) - Joe McElderry
2012
Eli Tellor - Eli Tellor
2013
The Afters - Life Is Beautiful
Vertical Horizon - Echoes From The Underground
2014
Jennifer Nettles - That Girl

</doc>
<doc id="19065228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065228" title="Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Choreography">
Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Choreography


</doc>
<doc id="19065234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065234" title="Bakhtiyar Tyleganov">
Bakhtiyar Tyleganov

Bakhtiyar Tyleganov (Бахтияр Тйлеганов; born January 5, 1976) is a retired boxer from Kazakhstan, who competed for his native country in the Men's Featherweight (– 57 kg) division at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. There he was defeated in the first round by USA's eventual bronze medalist Floyd Mayweather Jr..

</doc>
<doc id="19065247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065247" title="Krystyna Kurczab-Redlich">
Krystyna Kurczab-Redlich

Krystyna Kurczab-Redlich (born 1954) is a Polish journalist and author.
As a correspondent in Russia for the Polish media, she has written documentary films on Chechnya investigating alleged human rights abuses by the Russian army. In 2000 she published "Pandrioszka", an account of life in contemporary Russia. Her 2007 book "Głową o mur Kremla" ("Banging one's head against the wall of the Kremlin"), a history of Russia from the 1980s to the present, earned her the nickname "the Polish Politkovskaya" ("Polska Politkowska").
Kurczab-Redlich received the Kazimierz Dziewanowski Award for her work as a foreign correspondent and the Melchior Wańkowicz Award for her reports from Chechnya. In 2005 the Chechen organization Echo of War, along with Amnesty International and the Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights, nominated her for the Nobel Peace Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19065259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065259" title="Filmmakers Alliance">
Filmmakers Alliance

Filmmakers Alliance is a nonprofit organization based in Los Angeles. It was founded by Jacques Thelemaque and Diane Gaidry. Its over 300 members provide a support system through which members share time, energy, expertise, equipment and creative support for one another's film projects from concept through distribution.
It is best known for Visionfest, its yearly gala held every August at Directors Guild of America. The Vision Award, presented by Filmmakers Alliance at this event, has been given to such filmmakers as Terry Gilliam, Wim Wenders, and Alexander Payne. 
Also presented at Visionfest is The Los Angeles Short Filmmaking Grant, which provides the winning short screenplay with 35mm film from Kodak, a camera package from Panavision, film processing and production support from Filmmakers Alliance. Past winners of this grant include Elyse Couvillion and Sean Hood.
External links.
www.shutterspeedfilms.com

</doc>
<doc id="19065266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065266" title="Vandenbrink GTO">
Vandenbrink GTO

The Vandenbrink GTO is a limited re-bodied version of the Ferrari 599 GTB Fiorano. This means an entirely new coachwork, designed by Michiel van den Brink of Vandenbrink Design, is fitted on the stripped chassis and drivetrain of a Ferrari 599 GTB production car. The car's styling is inspired by the 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO as a tribute. 
The new coachworks are handcrafted in aluminium by Dutch classic car restoration specialist and coachbuilder Alwin Hietbrink. Optional interior upholstery is hand-stitched by the Dutch Henk van Lith.
In cooperation with race engineer EDO Competition four versions are offered:
Only 5 GTO's will be built.

</doc>
<doc id="19065280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065280" title="Mark Platts (footballer)">
Mark Platts (footballer)

Mark Platts (born 23 May 1979) is an English football midfielder. He represented England as a schoolboy.
Platts began his career as a trainee with Sheffield Wednesday, making his league debut, while still a trainee, on 10 February 1996 as a late substitute for Chris Waddle in Wednesday's 2-1 win against Wimbledon. At the time this made him the youngest ever outfield player to appear for Wednesday, and the third youngest in all behind goalkeepers Peter Fox and Gary Scothern. Two weeks later he came on in the second half for Lee Briscoe in the 1-0 defeat away to Tottenham Hotspur.
He turned professional on 16 October 1996, but failed to appear in the Wednesday first team whilst a professional. He joined Torquay United in March 1999, making his Torquay debut in a goalless draw away to local rivals Plymouth Argyle on 8 March. He played 41 first team games for Torquay, but became increasingly homesick and was released by Torquay in October 2000, when he joined Worksop Town and played alongside Chris Waddle again.

</doc>
<doc id="19065281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065281" title="Cora Alicto">
Cora Alicto

Cora Alicto (Low)
(born August 2, 1980) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Guam.
Alicto represented Guam at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed seventh in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 13.31 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19065283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065283" title="Megabus">
Megabus

Megabus can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19065285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065285" title="University of Pittsburgh Law Review">
University of Pittsburgh Law Review

The University of Pittsburgh Law Review is a journal of legal scholarship published by an independent student group at University of Pittsburgh School of Law. The Review is published quarterly, with recent issues available online. It is one of the 40 most-cited law reviews in the country.
The "University of Pittsburgh Law Review" was founded in 1934, with a staff of nine. The first volume was published in March 1935, and by that fall, the staff had doubled and publication increased to four times per year. The Review occasionally sponsors a symposium at the law school, featuring speakers reflecting on topics including the 50th anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education and "Lawyers and Disability."

</doc>
<doc id="19065305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065305" title="Nurzhan Smanov">
Nurzhan Smanov

Nurzhan Smanov (Нуржан Сманов; born February 17, 1972) is a retired boxer from Kazakhstan, who competed for his native country in the Men's Welterweight (– 67 kg) division at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. There he was defeated in the qaurterfinals by Cuba's eventual silver medalist Juan Hernández Sierra.

</doc>
<doc id="19065314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065314" title="Marlow Heights Shopping Center">
Marlow Heights Shopping Center

The Marlow Heights Shopping Center is an open air shopping complex located in Marlow Heights, Maryland, on Branch Avenue (Maryland Route 5) at St. Barnabas Road (Maryland Route 414), and is positioned just south of Iverson Mall. 
History.
The Giant Food store opened at the $10 million shopping center on with of store space, on September 16, 1957. At the time it opened it was the largest and most expensive shopping center in the Washington, D.C. area.
On August 29, 1960, Maryland Gov J. Millard Tawes opened the Hecht Company's new $4.5 million, store. This was the fifth Hecht Company store to open in the Washington, D.C. area. This addition to the original center expanded the site to . Smaller shops included a Bond Stores outlet.
The Hot Shoppes restaurant at Marlow Heights was the final location in the chain to close (on December 2, 1999).

</doc>
<doc id="19065324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065324" title="Mercury Theatre, Auckland">
Mercury Theatre, Auckland

The Mercury Theatre is a theatre in Auckland, New Zealand, located on Mercury Lane, off Karangahape Road. It was built in 1910 by the architect Edward Bartley and is the oldest surviving theatre in Auckland. Built in the English Baroque style, it was initially known as the Kings Theatre. On being converted into a cinema in 1926, a new entrance was built on Karangahape Road – this is now the Norman Ng Building.
From 1968 to 1991 it was the premises of the Mercury Theatre Company. In 1966 the Auckland Theatre Trust was established by Professor John C Reid. It raised finance to open the building as a professional theatre in 1968. The first production initiated by the theatre was "The Admirable Crichton" by J.M. Barrie. At least 12 productions were put on annually after this period ranging from children's pantomimes to serious tragedy-dramas including those by Shakespeare and Chekhov. Notable actors who performed at the theatre during their careers include Pam Ferris, Lee Grant, Roy Billing, George Henare, Michael Hurst and Ian Mune. Raymond Hawthorne joined the theatre in 1971 and worked as an actor, director and a tutor and became artistic director of the theatre in 1985 until its closure in 1992.
Although the theatre steadily attracted visitors, the extravagance of the theatre productions and running costs forced the Mercury Theatre as it was to close in 1992.
In November 2009 the Equippers Church, who have been using and currently own the theatre, put the building up for sale for 'upwards of' two million dollars. The church withdrew the Theatre from the Market in 2012 with a view to reopening it as a theatre and have undertaken considerable work to this end. As from the 31 January 2014 the theatre will be available for theatrical performances and shows. <Equippers Church 2013> 
Production history.
The Admirable Crichton,
Dark of the Moon,
Alfie,
Fings Ain't What They Used To Be,
The Merchant of Venice,
A Flea in her Ear,
Wait Until Dark,
Caucasian Chalk Circle,
There's a Girl in my Soup,
Lock Up Your Daughters,
Winnie the Pooh
An Evening of Mime with Francis Batten,
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead,
Under Milk Wood,
Toad of Toad Hall,
The Crucible,
Teahouse of the August Moon,
Lysistrata,
Hamlet,
A Farewell Performance by Francis Batten,
Semi-Detached,
Marat/Sade,
Virtue in Danger,
Irma la Douce,
The Sun Rises in the West
Hadrian,
Earth and Sky,
Alice in Wonderland,
The Price,
I Do! I Do!,
Dames at Sea,
The Ruling Class,
The Birthday Party,
Othello,
Henry IV,
Zorba,
The National Health,
Narrow Road to the Deep North
The Hostage,
The Lark,
Prospect from the Park,
The Magistrate,
Tiki and Things That Go Bump in the Night,
Peer Gynt,
Oh What a Lovely War,
As You Like It,
Forget-Me-Not Lane,
Sergeant Musgrave's Dance,
The Country Wife,
Canterbury Tales
MacRune's Guevara,
Conduct Unbecoming,
Charley's Aunt,
Kean,
A Man for All Seasons,
The Skin of our Teeth,
Love's Laour's Lost,
Threepenny Opera,
Tom-Tom and the Happy Army,
You Never Can Tell,
There's a Leek in Your Hat,
Lulu,
Guys and Dolls
Jumpers,
Hay Fever,
The Lady's Not For Burning,
The Rocking Cave,
The Owl and the Pussy Cat,
Mister King Hongi,
Butley,
The Misanthrope,
Macbeth,
Lear,
Annie Get Your Gun
You Can't Take It with You,
Macbett,
A Little Night Music,
Saturday, Sunday, Monday,
Heroes and Butterflies,
Three Sisters,
Jacques Brel,
Absurd Person Singular,
The Wizard of Oz,
King Lear,
Equus,
Ground Level,
The Sea Horse,
Cabaret,
An Evening with Katherine Mansfield
Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat,
Elephant,
London Assurance,
Pinocchio's Travelling Circus,
The Taming of the Shrew,
A Marvellous Party,
Travesties,
The Mouse Man,
Kiss Me Kate,
Marieken
Tarantara! Tarantara!,
Happy Arcadia,
Savages,
Agincourt,
Toad of Toad Hall,
A Little Night Music,
Otherwise Engaged,
From Berlin to Broadway,
The Duchess of Malfi,
Chermin de fer,
More Canterbury Tales
Trumpets and Drums,
Well Hung,
The Last of the Knucklmen,
Diary of a Madman,
Cupid in Transit,
Man of La Mancha,
A Stretch of the Imagination,
Blithe Spirit,
Super Peg,
Hello and Goodbye,
Lost in the Stars,
Mrs Kiwi Arthur,
Glide Time,
Julius Caesar,
When You Comin' Back Red Ryder,
The World of Good,
Arsenic and Old Lace,
Alpha Beta,
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum
Royal Hunt of the Sun,
Mrs Kiwi Arthur Present,
The White Cliffs,
Rattle of a Simple Man,
Cole,
Bullshot Crummond,
The Cat and the Canary,
The Merchant of Venice,
Dirty Linen,
New Found Land,
Middle Age Spread,
The Rivals,
Ashes,
Habeas Corpus,
State of Revolution,
Private Lives,
The Good Doctor,
Tomorrow will be a Lovely Day
Cinderella,
Something's Afoot,
Henry IV Part I,
Same Time Next Year,
State of the Play,
Old Kind Cole,
Just Between Ourselves,
Man Friday,
The Naval Officer,
Abigal's Party,
The Club,
Don Juan Comes Back from the War,
Privates on Parade,
Spider's Web,
Writer's Cramp,
The School for Scandal,
Staircase,
Home
The Adventures of Robin Hood,
Mime over Matter,
Bedroom Farce,
P and O - 1930,
Uncle Vanya,
Prisoners of Mother England,
Mothers and Fathers,
Godspell,
A Midsummer Night's Dream,
Comedians,
Once a Catholic,
Gershwin,
A Life in the Theatre,
Whose Life is it Anyway?,
Just One Last Dance,
The Boy Friend
You're a Good Man Charlie Brown,
Moby Dick Rehearsed,
The Importance of Being Earnest,
Stage Struck,
Father's Day,
50/50,
Bremen Coffee,
Too Darn Hot,
Brecht Songs,
The Puny Little Life Show,
The Taming of the Shrew,
Potiphar's Wife,
Between Night and Morning,
Hancock's Last Half Hour,
Flight of the Godwit,
An Enemy of the People,
Barbarians,
Prisoners of Mother England,
Middle Age Spread,
Hosanna,
Sauce for the Gander,
The Immortalist,
Glide Time,
Bodies,
Oliver
Aladdin,
The Great Kiwi Concert Party,
Noel and Cole,
Blood of the Lamb,
The Silver Screen Blues,
Sooty,
She Stoops to Conquer,
St Mark's Gospel,
The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant,
Once on Chunuk Bair,
The Matchmaker,
Einstein,
Dracula,
Secrets,
Tomfoolery,
Hot Water,
Fresh Recovering Pleasures,
Amadeus,
Setting the Table,
Foreskin's Lament,
Cloud Nine,
Snoopy,
Jesus Christ Superstar,
Ladies, Love and Life
Armageddon Revisited,
A Victorian Music Hall,
Pygmallion,
Demolition Job,
The King and I,
Pass the Butler,
Objection Overruled,
Madama Butterfly,
Virginia,
King of Hearts,
L'elisir d'amore,
On Our Selection,
What's Entertainment,
The Morning Tiger,
Chicago,
Tooth and Claw,
Not About Heroes,
Sister Mary Ignatius Explains It All For You,
On the Razzle,
Engaged,
L'Italiana in Algeri,
Fallen Angels
Steaming,
Insignificance,
Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?,
'night Mother,
The Real Thing,
Summer,
Rigoletto,
Multiple Choice,
Summit Conference,
Masterpieces,
Manon Lescaut,
Footrot Flats,
Noises Off,
Pack of Women,
Sweet Charity,
Down an Alley Filled with Cats
The Pirates of Penzance,
Loving Women,
Ballad of Jonas Bones
Hay Fever,
A Stretch of the Imagination,
Death of a Salesman,
When the Wind Blows,
The Rink,
Ordinary Nights in Ward 10,
Carmen,
Out to Lunch,
Agnes of God,
Caravan,
The Gospel according to Taane,
Wild Honey,
Coaltown Blues,
Sweeney Todd,
The Widowing of Mrs Holroyd,
Change of Heart,
Tosca,
Side by Side,
Camille,
Say Thank-you to the Lady
Major Barbara,
Stepping Out
The Normal Heart,
La Traviata,
Bert and Maisie
Dream of Sussex Downs,
The Song is You,
West Side Story,
Siamese Twins,
School for Clowns,
Tales of Hoffman,
The Winslow Boy,
Conversations with a Fainthearted Feminist,
Peter Pan: The Musical
A Streetcar named Desire,
Romeo and Juliet,
Breaking the Code,
The Mikado,
The Sound of Music,
Squatter,
I'm Not Rappoport,
Les liaisons dangereuses,
Gershwin by George,
Oedipus Rex,
Ladies Night,
Gypsy,
The Kiss of the Spider Woman
The Share Club,
The Rivers of China,
Bloodknot,
Twelfth Night,
Lucia di Lammermoor,
The Homecoming,
South Pacific,
Burn This,
Beauty and the Beast,
Brighton Beach Memoirs,
The Irving Berlin Show,
Madam Butterfly,
Nana,
Rodgers and Hart,
Frankie and Johnnie in the Clair de Lune,
The Three Musketeers,
Yerma,
Ladies Night
A View from the Bridge,
The Cherry Orchard,
Judy,
Faust,
Fiddler on the Roof,
Courting Blackbird,
A Doll's House,
Mrs Klein,
Our Country's Good,
Don Giovanni,
The Secret Rapture,
The Rover,
After the Crash,
A Marvellous Party,
La serva padrona and The impresario
Hamlet,
Oracles and Miracles,
Shirley Valentine,
The Sex Fiend,
Turnadot,
Carousel,
This Joint is Jumpin',
Cat on a Hot Tin Roof,
Slice of Saturday Night,
Single Spies,
Ladies Night
Amadeus,
Beckett
Conjugal Rights,
The Crucible,
The Curse of the Wedgecombes,
Jekyll and Hyde,
M. Butterfly,
The Merchant of Venice,
A Pack of Girls,
Porgy and Bess,
Let's Do It,
Private Lives,
Rick's Bar in Casablanca,
The Sex Fiend,
Weed,
Shadowlands,
Via Satellite
The Rose Tattoo,
Glorious Ruins

</doc>
<doc id="19065327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065327" title="Megabus (North America)">
Megabus (North America)

Megabus, branded on buses as megabus.com, is an intercity bus service of Coach USA/Coach Canada and DATTCO (a non-Stagecoach company, under contract) providing discount travel services since 2006, operating throughout the eastern and western United States and in the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec. Megabus is notable for using curbside bus stops instead of traditional stations, low fares starting at $1 and in recent years, operating a point-to-point network of routes with buses making few stops en route to their destination.
History.
An established brand for no-frills service in the United Kingdom since 2003, Stagecoach Group, through subsidiary Coach USA, introduced the Megabus brand in March 2006. On March 22, 2006, Megabus started taking bookings for new routes in the United States (service began on April 10, 2006), with a network of services based in Chicago with daily routes to Milwaukee, Indianapolis, Cincinnati, Cleveland, St. Louis, Ann Arbor, Columbus, Louisville, Toledo, Detroit, Kansas City, Minneapolis, and State College, Pennsylvania.
On August 8, 2007, Megabus introduced service to the San Francisco Bay Area, Los Angeles, San Diego, and Tempe, Arizona, using Coach America as a contractor. In its first foray into California, ridership was sluggish and Megabus started to discontinue services from the Los Angeles hub in early 2008. Service to the Phoenix area was discontinued in January 2008, followed by services in San Diego and San Ysidro in March 2008. In May 2008, Megabus made the decision to shut down its Los Angeles hub and discontinue all related services, stating that "(I)n this case, the ridership trends aren't growing fast enough." The final day for services from Los Angeles was June 22, 2008. Megabus would re-enter the market in 2012, after reacquiring some of the assets of Coach America (Coach America had been part of Coach USA prior to a major divestiture in 2003).
While Megabus withdrew from California, it expanded in the Northeast in late May 2008, when Megabus began service from a hub in New York City, with service to Albany, Atlantic City, Baltimore, Boston, Buffalo, Philadelphia, Toronto, and Washington, D.C.. Further expansions included service to Syracuse, Rochester, Hartford and Niagara Falls, Ontario (Niagara Falls and Hartford were later withdrawn). In Spring 2009, while Eastern Shuttle was under Coach USA ownership, runs were added to Megabus under the Eastern Shuttle name, after Coach USA purchased two Chinatown bus companies in late 2008 and early 2009, significantly increasing capacity. Later in 2009, the Megabus concept was expanded to Toronto and Montreal, and the Chinatown bus companies acquired by Coach USA were sold to independent interests. Megabus expanded deeper into Pennsylvania and the Southeast in 2009 and 2010.
Since 2010 Megabus has focused on transitioning from a traditional spoke-and-hub system, to a point-to-point network of routes with buses making few stops en route to their destination and operating only a few hubs.
Megabus returned to the west coast on December 12, 2012 initially serving San Francisco, Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Reno, Riverside, and Los Angeles. On its west coast routes, Megabus operates almost exclusively from either commuter rail stations or transfer stations for local transit buses.
Service overview.
Megabus fares start from 1.00 USD or CAD, with a booking fee of 0.50 USD or CAD on the internet. Megabus follows the yield management model, typically used by airlines, where the lowest fares are offered to those who book early (normally, only two seats are sold for 1.00 per schedule), so the less popular schedules tend to be less expensive. In order to keep costs down, Megabus has no waiting rooms and no bus terminals and picks up at curbside on public streets, or in parking lots. Stops may be outside railroad stations or transportation centers in major cities, or on college campuses or at shopping centers in other cities.
Tickets must be purchased in advance via the website or by telephone (in Canada, through the website only). Upon purchase, passengers are given a reservation number which they show the bus operator when they board. In the United States, tickets are not available from the bus operator. In Canada, owing to franchise regulations, tickets are sold at stops at a fixed price (generally higher than purchasing the ticket through the website).
Fleet.
The Megabus fleet can be identified by the megabus.com name on the front and sides in yellow against a blue base, and the Megabus logo on the left side of the coach (facing forward) and rear of the bus. The DATTCO fleet used for Megabus service is also decaled with Megabus logos (but with a DATTCO logo instead of a Coach USA logo).
Upon its introduction, Megabus service began with used MCI 102EL3 Renaissance coaches, often transferred from other Coach USA operations, with some services utilizing Chicago- and Milwaukee-based Coach USA buses. In 2007, Coach USA updated its Chicago-based Megabus fleet with new MCI J4500 single-deck and Van Hool TD925 double-deck motorcoaches.
In May 2008, Megabus expanded to the Northeast market, with a fleet of mostly brand-new MCI D4505 coaches, a number of new Van Hool TD925-double decker buses, and some buses purchased secondhand or transferred from the Chicago fleet. This expansion came as Megabus exited from the West Coast market. Further expansion in the Northeast came in the fall and winter of 2008-2009, when additional double-decker buses were delivered, resulting in much of the single-deck buses being transferred to sister operation Eastern Shuttle, pushing many of the EL3s to retirement. The fleet transferred to Eastern Shuttle was eventually returned to mainline Coach USA duty following divestiture a few months later.
All Megabus coaches branded as such in the United States are equipped with Wi-Fi and electrical outlets.
In accordance with ADA regulations, wheelchair-accessible service is available on all lines with 48 hours advance notice (although most service is operated with true-low-floor double-deck coaches). This can now be done online or by phone.
The Canadian Megabus fleet consists of 15 2009 TD925 buses and are operated by Trentway-Wagar. All of the Canada fleet is equipped with electrical outlets and Wi-Fi. The Canadian buses are pooled with the US fleet for NYC-Toronto or Philadelphia-Toronto runs, with drivers swapping at Buffalo to stay within their certified country. Note that on these runs the buses will typically only have WiFi service available in the home country for the bus being used; i.e. Canadian buses will turn off their WiFi at the US border and American buses will turn off WiFi upon entering Canada. This is to avoid incurring roaming charges from the cellular carriers that provide the internet service.
Hubs.
Megabus service in the United States and Canada operates primarily as a hub-and-spoke model in the Midwest and as a network of point-to-point routes along the East and West Coasts. Northeastern service uses New York City, Philadelphia and Washington, D.C. as hub cities. There is a separate hub in Chicago, and a hub in Pittsburgh that allows connection from the Chicago routes to the east-coast routes by changing buses. A new hub opened in Atlanta in November 2011.
Atlanta hub.
Megabus announced the creation of their first southeastern United States hub, in Atlanta, on October 25, 2011. In November 16, 2011, Megabus began operations out of its Atlanta hub, located at the Civic Center MARTA Station in Downtown Atlanta.
Initially, Megabus began service from Atlanta to Chattanooga, Nashville, Knoxville, Montgomery, Jacksonville, Gainesville, Orlando, Memphis, Birmingham, Charlotte, Durham, Mobile, Richmond and Washington, D.C. Megabus now also serves Athens and New Orleans. In addition, passengers are able to link to northeastern US Megabus service through Knoxville and Charlotte, and link to Midwestern Megabus services through Memphis and Nashville.
Megabus also has a bus line linking Memphis, Nashville and Knoxville together, started on March 14, 2012 
Chicago hub.
Megabus in the U.S. began operations on April 10, 2006 with routes between Chicago and Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus, Detroit, Indianapolis, Milwaukee, Minneapolis and St. Louis, from a hub on the curb next to Chicago Union Station. (Megabus passengers are prohibited from waiting in the station unless they are using other companies' services.) Services also began between Indianapolis and Cincinnati. A service that was initially offered between Indianapolis and Columbus was later withdrawn due to low ridership, but has since been reinstated and currently operates.
On September 11, 2006, a stop in Toledo was added on the route operating between Chicago and Cleveland. Additional services were added on April 2, 2007: a stop in Ann Arbor along the Chicago-Detroit route for travel to and from Chicago, new service between Minneapolis and Milwaukee, an extension of the Chicago-Toledo-Cleveland route into Pittsburgh (since withdrawn on the Midwest network, but later re-entered on the Northeast network), an extension of the Chicago-St. Louis route into Kansas City, reactivation of the Chicago-Indianapolis-Columbus route, new service between Cincinnati and Columbus, and new service between Chicago and Louisville via Indianapolis (since withdrawn).
On March 13, 2008 a stop was added in Madison, Wisconsin on the twice daily Chicago-Minneapolis route. The Chicago-Minneapolis route operating via Milwaukee service gained a second daily bus. Also, Columbia, Missouri was added with one stop daily in each direction on the Chicago-St. Louis-Kansas City route. On March 27, 2008, a new route was added, Chicago-Champaign-Memphis, offering 2 daily trips in each direction. In early 2010, Champaign/Memphis route was cut to one daily round-trip due to poor ridership, but the second round trip has since been restored.
Later in 2008, Megabus expanded service to Minneapolis to four daily departures, but also announced the cancellation of overnight schedules mid-week on routes to Ohio and Memphis. Early in 2009, these midweek overnight schedules were restored, only to be pulled again in summer 2009.
On May 4, 2010, a new route from Chicago to Des Moines via Iowa City began operating.
On August 17, 2011, Megabus started service to Omaha via Des Moines and Iowa City; twice-daily departures and arrivals from Omaha and an increase to four daily departures and arrivals from Des Moines and Iowa City.
On March 14, 2012, Megabus started service from Chicago to Nashville via Indianapolis and Louisville.
In June 2012 Megabus announced service from Chicago to Detroit via Grand Rapids and East Lansing beginning July 12.
Dallas hub.
On May 31, 2012, Megabus announced new service to be effective June 19, 2012, entering into a new hub in Grand Prairie, Texas to serve the Dallas-Ft. Worth Metroplex. From Dallas, passengers had options to travel to Houston, Austin, San Antonio, Little Rock, Memphis, Norman, Oklahoma City, Springfield, and St. Louis. Passengers also have the option to connect to other Megabus routes in Memphis, from Dallas; and to New Orleans, from Houston. On November 18, 2012, it is was announced that customers would also be able to be served in Dallas downtown area as well as the Grand Prairie location. They received the necessary permissions in order to start on the Monday following. On April 4, 2013, service was discontinued for the Oklahoma state and Missouri state stops via Dallas. Dallas-to-St. Louis is now only accessible via routing through Memphis.
New York hub.
On May 30, 2008 Megabus began East Coast operations with service to and from Atlantic City (operated by Academy Bus), Washington, D.C., Boston, Philadelphia, and Buffalo and Toronto. Service to Baltimore was added after negotiations over the usage of the White Marsh Park & Ride were concluded. On June 6, a once-daily service was added to Binghamton for travel to and from Buffalo and Toronto.
On all routes except for the Atlantic City route, Megabus competes directly with various discount bus operators, including Greyhound and Peter Pan's BoltBus service, Washington Deluxe, Vamoose Bus, other Chinatown bus lines, and the NeOn service offered by Greyhound Canada and Adirondack Trailways.
During fall 2008, the New York City-Washington, DC line was expanded to 14 northbound and 13 southbound trips, with all service now stopping in Baltimore. Additional departures were also added on Fridays and Sundays to and from Boston.
In December 2008, service to Binghamton, which had been operating only to Buffalo and Toronto, was dropped in favor of service to Syracuse, Rochester, and Niagara Falls (Ontario). A new route also began service to and from Albany. Both revised services offer four trips daily (up from two on the Toronto line), with a fifth Buffalo-Toronto express overnight trip also offered. All services were moved from the Royal York Hotel to the Toronto Coach terminal. Hartford was also added on the M22 route in December 2008, with service to Boston or New York available.
In spring 2009, following the purchase of two Chinatown bus operators (Eastern Shuttle and Today's Bus) in late 2008 and early 2009 and subsequent merger of their operations (with the Eastern brand retained), the M21 route expanded to hourly (or less) departures during the day, with the M23 route expanding to over 20 departures in each direction on weekdays, and over 15 departures in each direction on weekends. As a result, Megabus would briefly enter the Chinatown bus market in the Northeast, a market that it would exit in August 2009.
For summer 2009, the Philadelphia schedule was streamlined to provide 18 daily trips in each direction (evenly split between Megabus and Eastern, but eventually transferred to Megabus when Eastern was sold), and the M24 route saw its two AM departures from either end of the route combined into a single departure. In addition, service to Rochester was reduced to once daily in each direction. Layover time at Syracuse was increased from 20 minutes to 30 minutes to account for the rest stop that used to occur between Syracuse and Rochester.
For winter 2009, service to and from Hartford and to Niagara Falls, Ontario were dropped due to low ridership.
On May 4, 2010, a new route from New York to Pittsburgh via State College began operating; Pittsburgh had previously been served by a route to and from Chicago earlier.
In Spring 2010, Philadelphia was established as a second hub with originating buses to several additional destinations. In summer 2010, Providence to New York was added as an additional destination. On September 8, 2010, Service was stopped between Philadelphia and Atlantic City due to low ridership.
On December 15, 2010, Service was added to Hartford and Amherst due to public outcry in Greater Hartford.
Beginning August 1, 2012, the New York stop moved to 34th St. between 11th and 12th Ave., across the street from the Javits Convention Center.
Toronto hub.
Similar to the Megabus model in the United States, in June 2008, Coach Canada began offering tickets from C$1 on their route between Toronto and Montreal, using the same yield management model. As of summer 2009, this route has been converted to a Megabus route as marketed on the Coach Canada website, with double-deckers branded for Megabus replacing single-deck Coach Canada buses on the route, except for over-booked trips in which case the Toronto-to-Kingston leg of the trip reverts to a single-deck Coach Canada bus and the Megabus does not stop in Kingston en route to Montreal. Like services in the United States, Wi-Fi is available on the Toronto-Montreal service. Unlike services in the USA, however, all service is normally accessible for those with mobility impairments; a 48-hour reservation in advance is still required because the number of seats per trip is affected.
Pittsburgh hub.
On March 29, 2011, Megabus announced the Pittsburgh hub, operating service out of the David L. Lawrence Convention Center underpass. Megabus routes from Pittsburgh included Pittsburgh-State College-NYC, Pittsburgh-Washington, Pittsburgh-Harrisburg-Philadelphia-Camden, Pittsburgh-Erie-Buffalo-Toronto, Pittsburgh-Columbus-Cincinnati, Pittsburgh-Akron-Cleveland (a restoration of an earlier cut), and Pittsburgh-Toledo-Detroit. Megabus had also announced a route between Pittsburgh and Ann Arbor later, starting March 14, 2012.
On March 13, 2012, Megabus removed under-performing services from Pittsburgh, including Pittsburgh-Erie-Buffalo-Toronto and Pittsburgh-Columbus-Cincinnati and Pittsburgh-Akron, leaving Pittsburgh-State College-NYC, Pittsburgh-Washington, Pittsburgh-Harrisburg-Philadelphia, and Pittsburgh-Cleveland -Toledo-Detroit-Ann Arbor as their remaining services.
Philadelphia hub.
Starting July 21, 2010, Megabus began operating service out of a hub near 30th Street Station in Philadelphia. Service operates to the Pennsylvania cities of Harrisburg, State College and Pittsburgh, as well as to Baltimore, Boston, Buffalo, Toronto, and Washington, D.C..
In 2013 Megabus added service to and from Newark, Delaware from Philadelphia on route to Washington, D.C.
Washington D.C. hub.
Originally a destination from either New York or the Philadelphia hubs, Megabus began operating south of Washington D.C., using Washington as a new hub, on December 15, 2010. In November 2011, Megabus began operating from the bus deck above the top level of the Amtrak station at Washington's Union Station.
California/Nevada network.
Megabus re-entered California on December 12, 2012, serving San Francisco, Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Reno, Riverside, and Los Angeles. Service runs on four routes (LA-San Jose-SF, LA-Oakland-SF, SF-Sacramento-Reno and LA-Riverside-Las Vegas). Unlike the East coast and Midwest networks, Megabus does not operate any hubs on the west coast with all buses operating on point-to-point routes. Megabus also operates almost exclusively from either commuter rail stations or transfer stations for local transit buses. In Los Angeles, the buses utilize Union Station's Patsaouras Transit Plaza. In Las Vegas, buses utilize RTC's South Strip Transfer Terminal.
Incidents and accidents.
Below is a list of notable incidents and accidents involving Megabus vehicles (not counting Megabus vehicles operated by DATTCO or Concord Coach Lines on services to and from Boston, and services on the M25, which are operated separately).
According to federal records, since August 2007, Chicago hub drivers have been cited 54 times by police: 21 times for not maintaining driver logs, 20 times for speeding, three times for following too closely, 2 times for improper lane changes, and 2 for windshield violations. There were 6 other violations of local laws. Also, New York hub drivers have been cited 29 times by police: 14 times for speeding, five times for not maintaining driver logs, two times for failing to obey a traffic control device, two times for defects (windshield cracked and other), and 1 time for falsifying a log book. There were 5 other violations of local laws. There have been four other accidents involving Megabus vehicles.
The safety of curbside bus services came under scrutiny after a 2011 crash in New York caused 14 fatalities. The National Transportation Safety Board conducted a six-month study and found that while bus travel was considerably safer than by car, curbside buses had seven times the fatality rates of traditional bus lines.

</doc>
<doc id="19065332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065332" title="Viktor Goncharenko">
Viktor Goncharenko

Viktar Mihailavich Hancharenka, (Belarusian: Віктар Міхайлавіч Ганчарэнка; born 10 June 1977 in Khoiniki, Belarus), is a Belarusian football manager and the current manager of Kuban Krasnodar in the Russian Premier League. He is the youngest ever manager to lead a team in the final group stage of the UEFA Champions League. He set this record on September 17, 2008, in a match against Real Madrid, at the age of 31.
Early life and career.
Formative years and education.
Viktar Mihailavich Hancharenka was born in 1977 to a middle-class family in Khoiniki, Belarus. He is the son of Mikhail Hancharenka, a Belarussian engineer who died in 1993 in the wake of the infamous Chernobyl disaster and who was a big football fan. His mother was the manager of a small shop in Belarus. Viktor joined a football school at the young age of 9 years old where his parents encouraged him to do his best to be as successful as possible.
Football was a major part of his life and his father was very impressed with his knowledge of the sport. In 1995, after his father's death, Viktor became a student at the Republic College of Olympic Reserve in Minsk, Belarus. In the RCOR, Viktor got most of his footballing knowledge. He also met other famous Belarussian footballers Alexander Hleb, Vitali Kutuzov and Yuri Zhevnov.
In 1998, Viktor joined BATE Borisov
Playing career.
Hancharenka's playing career began in 1998, when he made his debut as a defender aged 21. Playing BATE Borisov Viktar became a champion of Belarusian Premier League in 1999, 2002, silver prize winner in 1998, 2000 and bronze prize winner in 2001. At the age of 25 Hancharenka was forced to retire through injury.
Coaching career.
Before he became head manager of FC BATE, Hancharenka was assistant manager at FC BATE under coaches Yuri Puntus and Igor Kriushenko. In 2007 Viktar become a head manager of FC BATE and won the national championship (2008, 2009, 2010). Under Hancharenka's leadership, FC BATE in 2008 became the first club from Belarus to qualify for the lucrative group stages of the UEFA Champions League and in 2009-2010 of the UEFA Europa League.
In 2011 Hancharenka and his FC BATE defeated AZ 4-1 in the group stage of the UEFA Europa League and lead the team in 1/16 stage of UEFA Europa League Cup.
In August 2011 Hancharenka led his club into the group stage of the Champions League again.
Honours.
Managerial.
In three seasons of club management, Hancharenka has led his club to win its domestic league.
Personal life.
Hancharenka has a son and a wife Margarita.

</doc>
<doc id="19065340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065340" title="Bill Burtenshaw">
Bill Burtenshaw

William Frederick "Bill" Burtenshaw (13 December 1925 – March 2010) was an English professional footballer. He played amateur football in Sussex, including for Southwick, and then went on to play professionally for Luton Town and Gillingham between 1948 and 1952, and in total made 40 appearances in the Football League, scoring eight goals. He played alongside his brother, Charlie Burtenshaw, at both Luton and Gillingham, and they played together for Kentish non-league clubs Snowdon Colliery and Canterbury City.
Burtenshaw was born in 1925 in Portslade and died in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19065342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065342" title="Nirinaharifidy Ramilijaona">
Nirinaharifidy Ramilijaona

Nirinaharifidy Ramilijaona (born November 26, 1982) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Madagascar.
Ramilijaona represented Madagascar at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed fifth in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 12.07 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19065351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065351" title="2006 Aerobic Gymnastics World Championships">
2006 Aerobic Gymnastics World Championships

9th Aerobic Gymnastics World Championships were held in Nanjing, China from June 1 to June 3, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19065354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065354" title="UGC 2140">
UGC 2140

UGC 2140 is interacting galaxies.

</doc>
<doc id="19065371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065371" title="Ulbo de Sitter">
Ulbo de Sitter

Lamoraal Ulbo de Sitter (March 6, 1902, Groningen – May 12, 1980, Nistelrode) was a Dutch geologist at Leiden University, where he was the founder of the school of structural geology. De Sitter was known for his research on the geology of the Alps and Pyrenees. His father was the astronomer Willem de Sitter (1872-1934).
Biography.
De Sitter studied geology in Switzerland and later at Leiden, where he was a pupil of geologists Karl Martin (1851-1942) and Berend George Escher (1885-1967). He finished his dissertation in 1925 and then got a job at the Bataafsche Petroleum Maatschappij.
After some years he returned to Leiden to become Eschers assistant. De Sitters task was to supervise fieldwork and research in the Bergamo Alps (northern Italy). Except from mapping geological structures De Sitter also did experimental research on the development and origin of geologic structures like faults or ffolds. He worked together on these experiments with Philip Henry Kuenen, an old friend from his student days who would later become a professor at Groningen.
The Second World War made research outside the Netherlands impossible for Dutch geologists. De Sitter and mining engineer W.A.J.M. van Waterschoot van der Gracht organised field studies of the subsurface of the southeastern part of the Netherlands. The students who participated where in this way excluded from forced labour for the nazi authorities.
De Sitter started a geologic research program in the Pyrenees and Cantabria (both northern Spain) after the war. The geological surveys by the Leiden students are in some cases still used by the Spanish geologic survey. De Sitter became professor in 1948. His further research was mainly on similarities and relations between different small scale geologic structures (such as boudins, shistocities or parasitary folds) and large scale structures (such as folds and thrusts up unto the scale of mountain ranges). His book "Structural Geology" was translated into many languages and used worldwide. In his later years at Leiden his health prevented him from doing more field research, reducing his motivation. His method of putting all geologic observations in one big framework would be characteristic for the Leiden school of structural geology, which was continued under Henk Zwart after De Sitters retirement in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19065379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065379" title="Mikhail Yurchenko">
Mikhail Yurchenko

Mikhail Yurchenko (; born 20 June 1970) is a retired boxer from Kazakhstan, who competed for his native country in the Men's Super Heavyweight (+ 91 kg) division at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. There he was defeated in the second round by Russia's eventual bronze medalist Alexei Lezin.

</doc>
<doc id="19065394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065394" title="David Stocks">
David Stocks

David Henry Stocks (born Dulwich, 20 April 1943) is an English former professional association football player. He played professionally for Charlton Athletic, Gillingham, AFC Bournemouth and Torquay United between 1961 and 1977, and in total made 461 appearances in the Football League, scoring five goals.
Following the end of his playing days, he has enjoyed a second career as a financial adviser in the Bournemouth area.

</doc>
<doc id="19065433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065433" title="Hjalmar Sundén">
Hjalmar Sundén

Hjalmar Sundén (1908–1993) was a Swedish psychologist, known for his contributions to the psychology of religion and for his development of "role theory".
Biography.
Sundén studied in Paris, where he interviewed the French philosopher Henri Bergson. Bergson's philosophy of religion was to become the subject of Sunden's doctorate, after he had studied theology at the University of Uppsala (he received his doctorate in 1940). After receiving his doctorate, Sundén, unable to obtain a university post for some time, taught psychology and religion at various schools in the Stockholm region.
In 1959, Sunden published details of his role theory in "Religionen och rollen". This book helped Sundén to obtain a university chair. He was the first person to occupy a Chair in the Psychology of Religion at the University of Uppsala and first person to hold such a post in any Nordic country. This chair was later held by Owe Wikström.
Role theory.
Sundén's role theory states that as people learn from sacred texts, they identify with certain roles in these texts, so that they may begin to ordinary experience as a religious experience. 
Sundén's role theory may be considered a social constructivist approach to religious experience. His approach stands in contrast to essentialist approaches such as the perennial psychology of Robert K.C. Forman.
Influence.
Sundén's role theory has been influential in the psychology of religion as taught by the Dutch psychologist Jan van der Lans. His student Nicolette Hijweege used Sundén's role theory for PhD-research on conversion among Dutch reformed Christians.
In 1987, the "Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion" launched a special issue on Sundén's role theory. An account of his work in the English language was prepared by his Finnish supporters, Holm and Belzen (1995). 
Sundén's role theory as applied to mystical experience is discussed by Wulff (2000). Wulff notes a study by Lars (1987), in which people were undergoing Zen training were more likely to report a mystical experience if they had a religious frame of reference. Wulff also notes criticisms of Sunden's role theory, noting how it fails to explain how mystical experience arises in the first place. 
Spilka e.a. mention Sundén's role theory as a promising approach for the psychology of religion.

</doc>
<doc id="19065438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065438" title="Te Voy a Enamorar">
Te Voy a Enamorar

Te Voy a Enamorar (Eng.: "I'm Going to Make You Love Me'") is the title of a studio album released by romantic music ensemble Los Ángeles de Charly. This album became their first number-one hit on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart.
Tracklisting.
This information from Billboard.com
Credits.
This information from Allmusic.
Personnel
Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="19065450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065450" title="John V, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst">
John V, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst

John V of Anhalt-Zerbst (Dessau, 4 September 1504 – Zerbst, 4 February 1551), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Dessau. From 1544, he assumed rule of the re-created principality of Anhalt-Zerbst.
John was the second (but eldest surviving) son of Ernest I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, by his wife Margarete, daughter of Henry I, Duke of Münsterberg-Oels, and granddaughter of George of Poděbrady, King of Bohemia.
Life.
Upon the death of his father in 1516, John and his brothers George III and Joachim I inherited Anhalt-Dessau as co-rulers according to the family law of the House of Ascania. During their first years of rule, their mother Margarete served as regent.
The brothers shared the government of the principality for almost twenty-eight years, until 1544, when they decided to divide up their territories. John received Zerbst, thereby reviving the old principality of Anhalt-Zerbst that became extinct in 1396 with the creation of Anhalt-Dessau and Anhalt-Köthen.
Marriage and issue.
In Dessau on 15 February 1534, John married Margarete (b. 29 September 1511 - d. aft. 3 December 1577), daughter of Joachim I Nestor, Elector of Brandenburg, and widow of George I, Duke of Pomerania. Margarete's stepson, the new Duke of Pomerania, Philip I, had to pay her a lifetime annuity of 1200 guilders from his personal treasure in order to cover the cost of her dowry.
From her marriage to George I, Margarete had a posthumous daughter, Georgia, who followed her mother to Anhalt; however, was decided that when she reached her eighth birthday (in 1539) she must be returned to Pomerania under the custody of her half-brother Philip I. Despite this, Margaret was able to kept her daughter with her until May 1543, when she was finally send to her homeland.
The union with the widowed daughter of the Elector of Brandenburg was a high honor for John, and he decided to celebrate the wedding with great pomp. But by that time, he was in poor health; finally, in 1544, he suffered a stroke. His relations with Margarete worsened during the following years; in 1550 John ordered the temporary arrest of his wife, but she fled.
John and Margarete had six children:

</doc>
<doc id="19065453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065453" title="1993 Australian FAI IndyCar Grand Prix">
1993 Australian FAI IndyCar Grand Prix

The 1993 Australian FAI IndyCar Grand Prix was the opening round of the 1993 CART World Series season, held on 21 March 1993 on the Surfers Paradise Street Circuit, Australia. The race was won by series débutant Nigel Mansell, the reigning Formula One World Champion from . Mansell also became the first person to win their first IndyCar race since Graham Hill had won the 1966 Indianapolis 500.
Due to the appearance of reigning World Drivers' Champion Nigel Mansell in the CART World Series, over 800 press passes were given out by the race organisers. This was second only in number for the series to the amount of press at the Indianapolis 500.

</doc>
<doc id="19065454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065454" title="Paul Lucas (footballer)">
Paul Lucas (footballer)

Paul Lucas (27 April 1936 – July 1992) was an English professional footballer. After an unsuccessful spell with Aston Villa he went on to play professionally for Gillingham between 1956 and 1958, and in total made 44 appearances in the Football League, scoring seven goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19065459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065459" title="Montserrat Pujol (sprinter)">
Montserrat Pujol (sprinter)

Montserrat Pujol Joval (born April 27, 1979 in Andorra la Vella) is a former track and field athlete who competed internationally for Andorra.
Pujol represented Andorra at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed seventh in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 12.73 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19065467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065467" title="Alfred Körte">
Alfred Körte

Alfred Körte (September 5, 1866 - September 6, 1946) was a German classical philologist who was a native of Berlin. He was a younger brother to surgeon Werner Körte (1853-1937) and archaeologist Gustav Körte (1852-1917). In 1896 he married Frieda Gropius, the daughter of the architect Martin Gropius (1824-1880).
In 1890 he earned his doctorate from the University of Bonn, where he was a student of Hermann Usener (1834-1905). In 1899 he became a full professor at the University of Greifswald, and in 1903 was successor to Erich Bethe (1863-1940) at the University of Basel. Successively, he was a professor at the Universities of Giessen (from 1906), Freiburg (from 1914) and Leipzig (from 1917), where he remained until his retirement in 1934. Körte was a member of the Saxon Academy of Sciences and the German Archaeological Institute.
Alfred Körte was a leading expert in the study of Greek comedies, being remembered for his editorial and translational work involving papyrus fragments left by the dramatist Menander. He also specialized in the field of Hellenistic poetry. 
In 1900 he assisted his brother, Gustav, with initial excavation of the ancient city of Gordion in Asia Minor, subsequently being the co-author of "Gordion: Ergebnisse der Ausgrabung im Jahre 1900" (1904). 
Beginning in 1923, with philologist Richard Heinze (1867-1929), he was publisher of the magazine "Hermes". He also contributed numerous articles to the "Pauly-Wissowa", a renowned German encyclopedia of classical scholarship.

</doc>
<doc id="19065477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065477" title="IC 167">
IC 167

IC 167 is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation of Aries. It was first reported by Bigourdan in 1891 and included in Dreyer's first "Index Catalogue".
Galaxy group information.
IC 167 is a member of the NGC 697 group. There is some evidence that IC 167 is interacting with nearby NGC 694 as they seem to share HI regions. The tidal warping of IC 167 also is indicative of an interaction with another galaxy. How long the interaction between these two galaxies has been occurring is the subject of current research.

</doc>
<doc id="19065485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065485" title="Allan Gauden">
Allan Gauden

Allan Gauden (born 20 November 1944) is an English former professional footballer. He played professionally for Sunderland, Darlington, Grimsby Town, Hartlepool United and Gillingham between 1962 and 1976, and in total made 331 appearances in the Football League, scoring 75 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19065496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065496" title="Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Turkey will be represented in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 by the song "Düm Tek Tek" performed by Hadise. The Turkish broadcaster Türkiye Radyo ve Televizyon Kurumu (TRT), chose Belgian-Turk Hadise in October 2008 and she prepared three songs which she submitted to TRT. "Düm Tek Tek" was chosen and was sung at the 2009 Contest.
Selection process.
TRT announced an open call for ideas for Turkey's representative for 2009. Instead of choosing the act solely through an internal process, the people of Turkey could submit their ideas about who should represent them in Moscow. After weeks of public input, it was revealed that either Hadise or Şebnem Ferah would be representing Turkey. TRT stated that it was considering Ferah as it thought her rock music would be better in the competition, but it also felt that Hadise was a likeable artist and would appeal to the European countries. 
In late October it was announced that Hadise had been chosen by TRT to represent Turkey in the 2009 contest in Moscow. It has been revealed that she will have total control of the entry for the contest, choosing the lyricist, composer, arranger and language of the song. Hadise has revealed that she will be personally working on the lyrics, as well as possibly collaborating with songwriters in Belgium. She will be spending a lot of time flying between Belgium and Turkey as she prepares for Eurovision, as well as hosting the Belgian version of the talent show 'The X Factor'.
Hadise presented three songs to TRT, who then selected the final song. The selection was revealed live during a New Year's Eve special on TRT. As such, Turkey was one of the first countries in Eurovision to have had its song and performer selected, and only the second to do so before the end of 2008 (after Albania).
At Eurovision.
Turkey had compete in one of the two semi-finals after Mor ve Ötesi came 7th in the 2008 contest. It finished 2nd in the first semi-final, ensuring qualification to the grand final where in finish 4th.

</doc>
<doc id="19065502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065502" title="Jessica Aguilera">
Jessica Aguilera

Jéssica Carolina Aguilera Aguilera (born June 26, 1985 in Somoto, Madriz) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Nicaragua.
Olympics.
Aguilera represented Nicaragua at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed eighth in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 13.15 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19065516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065516" title="1997 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 100 metres">
1997 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 100 metres

These are the results of the women's 100 metres event at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics in Athens, Greece.
Results.
First round.
2 August
Second round.
2 August
Semifinals.
3 August
Final.
3 August

</doc>
<doc id="19065524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065524" title="Peter Shearing">
Peter Shearing

Peter Fraser Shearing (born Uxbridge, 26 August 1938) is an English former professional association football player. He played professionally for West Ham United, Portsmouth, Exeter City, Plymouth Argyle, Bristol Rovers and Gillingham between 1960 and 1973, and in total made 245 appearances in the Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19065529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065529" title="Ian Napa">
Ian Napa

Ian Napa (born 14 March 1978) is a British boxer originally from Zimbabwe but now living in London. He is the former European bantamweight champion and is a former two time holder of the British bantamweight title.
Early professional career.
Napa's early career started brightly enough when he won his first eight bouts in a row. That run was to end in November 2000, when he fought Jason Booth, who at the time was the British and Commonwealth flyweight Champion. The step up in class was too much and Napa lost a points decision. It was not the first time that Napa was to be disappointed when competing for the big prizes, two fights later he found himself competing for the WBU flyweight title losing this time on points to Peter Culshaw.
After that it seemed that every time Napa stepped up in class he would come out on the wrong side of a points defeat. Since the Culshaw loss in June 2001 Napa fought and lost against Marc Callaghan (Southern Area super bantamweight title), Martin Power (British Bantamweight title), Damaen Kelly and Simone Maludrottu (European Bantamweight title).
The British title and the Lonsdale belt.
Napa won the British title in July 2006, when he boxed a return against former conqueror Jason Booth. The fight took place at the Robin Park Center, Wigan and ended with a points victory over 12 rounds for Napa. He has defended the title there times against Lee Haskins, Martin Power and Colin Moffett. The third defence was voluntary and allowed Napa to pick up the prestigious Lonsdale belt for keeps.
European champion.
Having proved himself at domestic level, Napa set his sights at another shot for the European belt against reigning champion Carmelo Ballone. Speaking before the fight Napa said ""This is my second chance with home advantage for the Euro crown and I'll get it right. I've seen a couple tapes of Ballone and I think I'm too slick...Losing is something I cannot think about. There are some good British fighters, but I now believe I am above domestic level."" Napa was as good as his word winning in October 2008, a majority decision verdict over the Belgian after coming on strong in the latter part of the fight and putting Ballone down in the 10th round. Speaking after the fight Napa said ""I've put so much hard work in and I thank my team for this victory...I deserve this, all my hard work has finally paid off. Words cannot explain how I feel."" Unfortunately for Napa his hold on the title was to prove short lived when in March 2009 he lost a unanimous decision in his first defence against Frenchman Malik Bouziane.
Two time British champion.
Napa returned immediately to championship action in his next fight, travelling to Liverpool to fight for his old British title against St Helens Gary Davies. Davies had won the vacant belt after it had been vacated by Napa prior to fighting for the European title. The fight on 23 October 2009, resulted in Napa regaining the title with a majority decision. On 22 January 2010, Napa defended the title against Jamie McDonnell only to lose a split decision verdict to the man from Doncaster. McDonnell would go on to win the European title in his next fight and so chose to vacate the belt. This meant that Napa was able to fight for the vacant British title on 4 June 2010 only to end up retiring at the end of the eighth round against roofer Stuart Hall, a man contesting only his ninth professional fight. Despite coming on strong in the eighth round and being ahead on all the judges scorecards Napa claimed that the heat in the hall had affected him and that he'd struggled to make the bantamweight limit.

</doc>
<doc id="19065539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065539" title="Mazgani">
Mazgani

Mazgani is an Iranian-Portuguese singer-songwriter. He was born in Iran. In 1979, when the revolution takes place in Iran, he and his family emigrate to Portugal.
In 2005, Mazgani was considered by the French magazine "Les Inrockuptibles" as one of the best 20 new European artists. His debut album, "Song of the New Heart", released in 2007, contains 13 songs sung in English. 
In 2009, netlabel OptimusDiscos1 in Portugal released the "Tell the People EP", produced by Pedro Gonçalves of Dead Combo. Also in 2009, Mazgani came third in the International Songwriting Competition, AAA category, with the song "Somewhere Beneath This Sky"3; the competition judges included Tom Waits, Robert Smith, and other alternative music notables.
At the end of 2009, he released his first international disc, "Ladies and Gentlemen introducing Mazgani", through the Fading Ways Finland record label2. It was released for the BeNeLux and Scandinavian markets. The record is also available digitally worldwide via Finetunes.
In January 2010, Mazgani performed at the Eurosonic festival in the Netherlands, after also playing the Super Bock em Stock festival in Lisbon the month before. He also performed at Europavox 2010 in Clermont-Ferrand, France.
His second full-length album, Song of Distance, was released in Portugal in April 2010 and that release was followed by a digital UK release via AWAL in October. It was produced by Dead Combo's Pedro V. Goncalves and Helder Nelson. The record hit no. 17 on the Portuguese charts.
His new record was released in April 2013, was produced by John Parish - with the collaboration of Mick Harvey (Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds), and was recorded and mixed in Bristol. The first single, "Distant Gardens" was released in January 2013.
Influences.
Mazgani has mentioned in interviews the following musical influences:

</doc>
<doc id="19065541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065541" title="John Stanhope, 1st Baron Stanhope">
John Stanhope, 1st Baron Stanhope

John Stanhope, 1st Baron Stanhope (1549? – 9 March 1621) was an English courtier, politician and peer.
Life.
He was the third son of Sir Michael Stanhope, born in Yorkshire, but brought up in Nottinghamshire after his father's attainder for treason in 1552. His father's end did not apparently hinder his own career, and he is probably the John Stanhope who was Member of Parliament (MP) for Marlborough in the Parliament of 1572-1581, for Truro in 1586 and for Rochester in 1588.
At some point during his early career, Stanhope attached himself to the coat-tails of Sir Robert Cecil, and subsequently proved a reliable ally, receiving in return a series of appointments. He was Custos Rotulorum of the North Riding for many years and a member of the Council of the North, and in 1590 was appointed Master of the King's Posts. In 1596, he was knighted, and appointed as Treasurer of the Chamber.
In 1597, Stanhope stood for election to Parliament as Member for Yorkshire, presumably assuming that with his own standing and Cecil's backing he would be certain of success, but they had not reckoned with the independence of the large electorate - Stanhope spent most of his time at court and no longer lived in Yorkshire, and despite his local roots they may have considered him an outsider. According to Stanhope's supporters his principal opponent, Sir John Savile, was backed by only "eight other gentlemen of any reckoning, but with a great number of clothiers and artificers"; but he was local and strongly connected with the clothing industry that provided many of the voters with their livelihood. Stanhope was defeated in a tumultuous election. After the Archbishop of York and other members of the Council of the North reported to the Privy Council that Savile had shown contempt for their authority the Council had him arrested, but they could not overturn the election result and were forced to release him in time to take his seat.
Meanwhile Stanhope was hastily found a seat instead for Preston, a borough Cecil had in his gift as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. He later sat for Northamptonshire in the Parliament of 1601 and for Newtown from 1604 until, on 2 May 1605, he was raised to the peerage as Baron Stanhope, of Harrington.
As one of Cecil's leading followers, it was rumoured in 1600 that Stanhope would soon become Lord Chancellor. Instead, he was provided for by being appointed Vice-Chamberlain of the Household. In 1603 he was appointed one of the "Commissioners to treat of a Union between England and Scotland", to settle the arrangements for the inheritance of the English throne by the King of Scotland James VI, and in 1609, he became a member of the council of the Virginia Company.
He resigned the Treasurership of the Chamber and retired from his other posts in 1616, and died in 1621. He was succeeded in his peerage (and as Master of the King's Posts) by his son, Charles Stanhope.
Family.
Stanhope was twice married: first to Joan, daughter of William Knollys, by whom he had no issue; and secondly, on 6 May 1589, to Margaret, daughter of Henry MacWilliams, one of the queen's gentlemen pensioners. By her he had issue
and two daughters:
The later peers of the Stanhope family descend from the first baron's brother, Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="19065548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065548" title="Christopher St. John">
Christopher St. John

Christopher St. John (sometimes credited at Chris St. John) is an African-American film and television actor. He is also a film producer, film director and screenwriter. He also played a minor role in a television series titled "Remington Steele".
Career.
A life member of The Actors Studio from the mid-1960s, St. John is best known for playing the role of Ben Buford in the blaxploitation film, "Shaft", in 1971. Between 1968 and 1988, he appeared in eight film and television productions.
In addition to appearing as George Lattimer in "Top of the Heap" (1972), he also wrote, directed and produced the film. The film was entered into the 22nd Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19065554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065554" title="Stig Harder">
Stig Harder

Stig Harder (born April 5, 1969) is the founder of Fashion Net and of Lumière, an online magazine. Harder was born in Flekkefjord, Norway, and graduated from Art Center College of Design, Pasadena, California, in 1991.
Internet.
Harder launched Fashion Net in Paris in January 1995, when he was 25 years old. It was the first fashion site on the Internet. In October of the same year, he launched Lumière.
Harder is a member of the International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences and the International Academy of the Visual Arts. He has been a judge for the Site of the Year awards of the FWA.

</doc>
<doc id="19065564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065564" title="I Scream Ice Cream">
I Scream Ice Cream

I Scream Ice Cream is the side project of Jesper Mortensen, best known as a member of the duo Junior Senior. The French record label Kitsune Music released a 12 inch with the songs "Trust Tissue" and "Closing Time Closing In" on June 2, 2008. The tracks on the Kitsune release are shorter edits of the original longer tracks that are available on the full length album "Me Too" available on Tigerspring records. The album consists of only three tracks, each 25, 35, and 45 minutes in length – and, respectively, 105, 130, and 125 beats per minute.

</doc>
<doc id="19065567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065567" title="Rachid Bouaita">
Rachid Bouaita

Rachid Bouaita (born September 20, 1974 in Maubeuge, Nord) is a retired boxer from France, who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996. His best result was finishing in fifth place after being defeated by Cuba's eventual silver medalist Arnaldo Mesa.

</doc>
<doc id="19065571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065571" title="Die Brücke (disambiguation)">
Die Brücke (disambiguation)

Die Brücke () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19065579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065579" title="Larry Gage">
Larry Gage

Laurence Albert "Larry" Gage (10 September 1922 – May 1996) was an English professional association football player. He played professionally for Aldershot, Leyton Orient, Fulham and Gillingham between 1945 and 1951, and in total made 81 appearances in the Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19065580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065580" title="Pauline Kwalea">
Pauline Kwalea

Pauline Kwalea (born February 29, 1988 in Honiara) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for the Solomon Islands.
Kwalea represented the Solomon Islands at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed 9th in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 13.28 seconds.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she set a new personal best time of 12.90 although she did not advance to the quarterfinals in the Women's 100m event.

</doc>
<doc id="19065598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065598" title="Jon Goodwin">
Jon Goodwin

Jon Goodwin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19065604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065604" title="Peter Smith (footballer born 1935)">
Peter Smith (footballer born 1935)

Peter John Smith (born Balham, 27 May 1935) is an English former professional association football player. He played professionally for Gillingham between 1958 and 1960, and in total made 39 appearances in the Football League, scoring two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19065605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065605" title="Jicamarca Radio Observatory">
Jicamarca Radio Observatory

The Jicamarca Radio Observatory (JRO) is the equatorial anchor of the Western Hemisphere chain of Incoherent Scatter Radar (ISR) observatories extending from Lima, Peru to Søndre Strømfjord, Greenland. JRO is the premier scientific facility in the world for studying the equatorial ionosphere. The Observatory is about half an hour drive inland (east) from Lima and 10 km from the Central Highway (, 520 meters ASL). The magnetic dip angle is about 1°, and varies slightly with altitude and year. The radar can accurately determine the direction of the Earth's magnetic field (B) and can be pointed perpendicular to B at altitudes throughout the ionosphere. The study of the equatorial ionosphere is rapidly becoming a mature field due, in large part, to the contributions made by JRO in radio science.
JRO’s main antenna is the largest of all the incoherent scatter radars in the world. The main antenna consists of a 300m x 300m square array composed of 18,432 cross-polarized dipoles. The main research areas of the observatories are: the stable equatorial ionosphere, ionospheric field aligned irregularities, the dynamics of the equatorial neutral atmosphere and meteor physics.
The Observatory is a facility of the Instituto Geofísico del Perú operated with support from the US National Science Foundation Cooperative Agreements through Cornell University.
History.
The Jicamarca Radio Observatory was built in 1960-61 by the Central Radio Propagation Laboratory (CRPL) of the National Bureau of Standards (NBS). This lab later became part of the Environmental Science Service Administration (ESSA) and then the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). The project was led by Dr. Kenneth L. Bowles, who is known as the “father of JRO”.
Although the last dipole was installed on April 27, 1962, the first incoherent scatter measurements at Jicamarca were made in early August 1961, using part of the total area projected and without the transmitter's final stage. In 1969 ESSA turned the Observatory over to the Instituto Geofísico del Perú (IGP), which had been cooperating with CRPL during the International Geophysical Year (IGY) in 1957-58 and had been intimately involved with all aspects of the construction and operation of Jicamarca. ESSA and then NOAA continued to provide some support to the operations for several years after 1969, in major part due to the efforts of the informal group called “Jicamarca Amigos” led by Prof. William E. Gordon. Prof. Gordon invented the incoherent scatter radar technique in 1958.
A few years later the National Science Foundation began partially supporting the operation of Jicamarca, first through NOAA, and since 1979 through Cornell University via Cooperative Agreements. In 1991, a nonprofit Peruvian organization—called Ciencia Internacional (CI) -- was created to hire most observatory staff members and to provide services and goods to the IGP to run the Observatory.
Since 1969, the great majority of the radar components have been replaced and modernized with “home made” hardware and software, designed and built by Peruvian engineers and technicians. More than 60 Ph.D. students, many from US institutions and 15 from Peru, have done their research in association with Jicamarca.
Facilities.
Main Radar.
JRO’s main instrument is the VHF radar that operates at 50 MHz and is used to study the physics of the equatorial ionosphere and neutral atmosphere. Like any other radar, its main components are: antenna, transmitters, receivers, radar controller, acquisition and processing system. The main distinctive characteristics of JRO’s radar are: (1) the antenna (the largest of all the ISRs in the world) and (2) the powerful transmitters.
Radar Modes of Operation.
The main radar operates in mainly two modes: (1) incoherent scatter radar (ISR) mode, and (2) coherent scatter (CSR) mode. In the ISR mode using the high power transmitter, Jicamarca measures the electron density, electron and ion temperature, ion composition and vertical and zonal electric fields in the equatorial ionosphere. Given its location and frequency of operation, Jicamarca has the unique capability of measuring the absolute electron density via Faraday rotation, and the most precise ionospheric electric fields by pointing the beam perpendicular to the Earth's magnetic field. In the CSR mode the radar measures the echoes that are more than 30 dB stronger than the ISR echoes. These echoes come from equatorial irregularities generated in troposphere, stratosphere, mesosphere, equatorial electrojet, E and F region. Given the strength of the echoes, usually low power transmitters and/or smaller antenna sections are used.
JULIA Radar.
JULIA stands for Jicamarca Unattended Long-term Investigations of the Ionosphere and Atmosphere, a descriptive name for a system designed to observe equatorial plasma irregularities and neutral atmospheric waves for extended periods of time. JULIA is an independent PC-based data acquisition system that makes use of some of the exciter stages of the Jicamarca main radar along with the main antenna array. In many ways, this system duplicates the function of the Jicamarca radar except that it does not use the main high-power transmitters, which are expensive and labor intensive to operate and maintain. It can therefore run unsupervised for long intervals. With its pair of 30 kW peak power pulsed transmitters driving a (300 m)^2 modular antenna array, JULIA is a formidable coherent scatter radar. It is uniquely suited for studying the day-to-day and long-term variability of equatorial irregularities, which until now have only been investigated episodically or in campaign mode.
A large quantity of ionospheric irregularity data have been collected during CEDAR MISETA campaigns beginning in August, 1996, and continuing through the present. Data include daytime observations of the equatorial electrojet, 150 km echoes and nighttime observations of equatorial spread F.
Other Instruments.
Besides the main radar and JULIA, JRO hosts, and/or helps in the operations of, a variety of radars as well as radio and optical instruments to complement their main observations. These instruments are: various ground-based magnetometers distributed through Peru, a digital ionosonde, many GPS receivers in South America, an all-sky specular meteor radar, a bistatic Jicamarca-Paracas CSR for measuring E region electron density profile, scintillation receivers in Ancon, a Fabry–Perot Interferometer in Arequipa, a small prototype of AMISR UHF radar, …
Main Research Areas.
The main research areas of JRO are the studies of: the equatorial stable ionosphere, the equatorial field aligned irregularities, equatorial neutral atmosphere dynamics, and meteor physics.
Here are some examples of the JRO topics
Non-conventional Studies.
Besides the ISR and CSR observations, the main JRO system has been used as radio telescope, a VHF heater, and planetary radar. As radio telescope the main array has been used to study the Sun, radio stars (like Hydra), magnetosphere synchrotron radiation, Jupiter radiation. In the 1960s JRO was used as to study Venus and the surface of the Moon and more recently the Sun. Recently, the equatorial electrojet has been weakly modulated using JRO as a VHF heater to generate VLF waves.

</doc>
<doc id="19065606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065606" title="Arlene Becker">
Arlene Becker

Arlene A. Becker is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 52 since 2002. She earlier served from 1991 through 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19065622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065622" title="Beovizija 2009">
Beovizija 2009

Beovizija 2009 (Беовизија 2009) was the 7th Beovizija music festival, Serbian selection for the Eurovision Song Contest. The semi-finals were held on March 7, 2009 while the finals were held a day later on March 8. The winners of this Beovizija were Marko Kon and Milan Nikolić with the song "Cipela", and they will represent Serbia in the second semi-final of the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest on May 14, 2009, at the Olympic Indoor Arena in Moscow, Russia.
Format.
The same format set by Radio Television of Serbia (RTS) in Beovizija 2008 took place in 2009. The deadline for the submission of songs by artist to the national broadcaster was on January 27, 2009. One of the requirements for entry was that the songs must be performed in Serbian, however, the winning song can be sung in any language at Eurovision. The only main difference to last year's Beovizija was that the winners (both the artists and composers) also received a cash prize.
On January 30, 2009, 20 semi-finalists were selected by a group of RTS judges: Jelena Ilić, Ana Milićević and Jelena Vlahović. The final of Beovizija 2009 was held on March 8, 2009 at the Sava Centar in Belgrade. The winner of Beovizija 2009, selected through a 50/50 split of jury and televoting.
Stage.
Beovizija is known to have one of the best stage designs in the national selection process for Eurovision. This year the stage will symbolise the technological advances in television in the past 50 years in Serbia. This is why a large number of television and LCD display screens is being used. The stage has settings for all new electronic possibilities. The theme of the two nights is largely based around the music from popular local television shows in the past 50 years. The semi-final was based around popular shows produced since the 1970s to the end of the 1990s while the final will be centred around new popular television shows aired on RTS. The stage design was revealed to the public on February 25, 2009.
The stage has also been designed in a way to give a more fulfilling HD experience as it will be the first time Beovizija will be aired in high definition.
Host team.
On February 27, 2009, RTS publicly announced the host couple of Beovizija 2009. It will consist of three people; the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest host Jovana Janković together with actors Milena Vasić and Srđan Timarov who will entertain the audience through song and dance. This marks the return of a 3-part host team for the first time since 2003.
Jury.
In Beovizija the jury has 50% of the vote which is combined with the audience televote. Each person from the three member jury ranks the songs they liked from one to twelve (with the exception of nine and eleven points). Once this is done the votes from the jury are added up and a final score card from one to twelve is produced.
In the semi-final, the three-member jury was
In the final, the jury was
Interval acts.
The 2009 Beovizija semi-finals interval act will include singers Andrea Demirović representing Montenegro, Quartissimo representing Slovenia, Igor Cukrov representing Croatia, Next Time representing Macedonia, and Regina representing Bosnia and Herzegovina.
In the finals interval act the Serbian music industry awards were handed out. Also performing in the interval on the final night will be the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 representatives from Armenia (Sirusho), Israel (Bo'az Ma'uda) and Serbia (Jelena Tomašević). Together they sang ""Time to pray"", composed by Israeli President and Nobel Peace Prize winner Shimon Peres.
Participants and results.
Semi-final.
The semi-final of Beovizija 2009 was held on March 7, 2009 at the Sava Centar in Belgrade starting at 21:00 (CET). Twenty songs competed, with the top 10 songs progressing to the final on 8 March. The draw for the running order of the contest was held on February 26, 2009, which was drawn by last year's Beovizija winner and Serbian Eurovision entry for 2008 Jelena Tomašević.
The semi-final was broadcast live on RTS1 in Serbia, RTS Sat and rts.rs (internet) in Europe and beyond, RTRS in Bosnia and Herzegovina and on Radio Belgrade.
A few hours before the final, RTS published on their website that the televoting results used to determine the qualifiers were taken from only the first five minutes of the ten-minute televoting period. Had the full ten minutes' worth of televotes been used to determine the scores, Ana Nikolić and Ivana Selakov would have qualified for the final in the places of Etar and Sonja Bakić. RTS reinstated both Nikolić and Selakov, raising the total number of finalists from 10 to 12. Nikolić declined to participate, however, so 11 participants competed in the final. The performances highlighted below in orange were announced as finalists during the broadcast of the semi-final. The performances highlighted in red were progressed to the final to correct the error in counting the televotes. In the case of a tie, the performance ranked higher by the jury was given the higher placing.
Final.
The following are songs that have qualified to the final night, held on March 8, 2009 in Sava Centar, aired at 21.00CET on RTS1, RTS SAT, RTRS, rts.rs and Radio Belgrade. "Blagoslov za kraj" won the televote by a landslide, taking in more votes than all ten remaining entries combined. The song received only five points from the jury however, allowing "Ciplela", which the jury ranked first, to win. This marked the first time in Beovizija history that the televoters' favourite was not the overall winner.

</doc>
<doc id="19065623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065623" title="How to Cook Everything">
How to Cook Everything

How To Cook Everything (John Wiley & Sons, 1998, ISBN 0-02-861010-5) is a general cooking reference written by "New York Times" food writer Mark Bittman and aimed at United States home cooks. It is the flagship volume of a series of books that include several narrow-subject books about matters such as convenience cooking and vegetarian cuisine, as well as a second volume, "How To Cook Everything: Vegetarian", published in 2007, and a second edition with a reduced emphasis on professional techniques in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19065628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065628" title="Trampoline World Championships">
Trampoline World Championships

The Trampoline World Championships are the World Championships for trampolining. They were originally held annually from 1964-1968. The frequency was switched to biennially from 1970-1998. The admission of trampolining to the Olympic Games required a switch to holding the World Championship as a qualifier in the year before the Olympics from 1999.
Source: Acrobatic Sports website
All-time medal count.
Source: Gymnastics - World Trampoline Championships

</doc>
<doc id="19065631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065631" title="Batcat">
Batcat

Batcat is the ninth EP by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai. It was released on 8 September 2008 through Wall of Sound, three weeks prior to Mogwai's sixth studio album, "The Hawk Is Howling", which also features the track "Batcat" (this EP version differs slightly, most notably the introduction of the drums). Mogwai worked in coordination with psychedelic singer Roky Erickson on the song Devil Rides, which was the only song on the Batcat EP to include vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="19065640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065640" title="Adjustable-focus eyeglasses">
Adjustable-focus eyeglasses

Adjustable focus eyeglasses are prescription eyeglasses with an adjustable focal length. They compensate for refractive errors (such as presbyopia) by providing variable focusing, allowing users to adjust them for desired distance or prescription, or both.
Current Bifocals and progressive lenses are static, in that the user has to change their eye position to look through the portion of the lens with the focal power corresponding to the distance of the object. This usually means looking through the top of the lens for distant objects and down through the bottom of the lens for near objects. Adjustable focus eyeglasses have one focal length, but it is variable without having to change where one is looking.
Possible uses for such glasses are to provide cheap glasses for 3rd world countries, or to accommodate for presbyopia.
Methods.
There are currently two basic methods to achieve variable focal length: electro-optical and opto-mechanical.
Electro-optical often uses liquid crystals as the active medium.) Applying an electric current to the liquid changes the refraction of the liquid.
Early work on opto-mechanical methods was done by Martin Wright. Opto-mechanical spectacles allow focus control by the wearer via movement of a small slider located on top of the bridge. The user adjusts the lens for optical clarity at the desired distance. They are a combination of rigid and flexible lenses that can change prescription to enable sharp focus at different distances (from infinity up to 13"). The appropriate addition range depends on the user’s level of refractive error. A tiny mechanism, actuated by the slider, simultaneously controls both flexible lenses to assure appropriate near vision tracking in both eyes.
Another type of opto-mechanical lens is the design of Joshua Silver, and uses liquid pressure against a diaphragm to control focus of a lens. Stephen Kurtin also has a product based on what appears to be a related design called Superfocus (originally TruFocals).
Advantages.
Unlike with bifocals, near-vision correction is achieved over the entire field of view, in any direction. Distance vision corrections are made by re-adjusting the lens for distance, instead of by tilting and/or rotating the head to view object through the best part of the lens for the distance. Adjustable focus lenses, like single-focus lenses, also reduce image-jump and spatial distortion in the field of view associated with traditional multi-focal lenses. Additionally, the ideal near-vision correction can be achieved with precision, because the variable lenses emulate the focusing action of the youthful (non-presbyopic) eye.
Disadvantages.
The focal distance is changed by a mechanism located on the glasses, requiring periodic adjustment as the user switches his gaze to nearer or further objects.

</doc>
<doc id="19065641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065641" title="Paul McKnight">
Paul McKnight

Paul McKnight (born 8 February 1977 in Belfast) is a Northern Irish professional footballer currently playing for Ards.
McKnight signed for Rangers in August 1993. He made his debut for the club in a league match against Partick Thistle on 13 May 1995.
McKnight signed for St Mirren in late March 2000, and made his debut against Airdrieonians. The next week he came off the bench to score a late winner against Falkirk. A fortnight later he did the same against Ayr United, his last minute stunner creating a pitch invasion at Somerset Park. He missed all but four Scottish Premier League games through injury, and the following season was injured for large chunks and was released in the summer of 2002.
He returned to Northern Ireland where he signed for Linfield. He played a fair bit of the season there, but still had injuries. In summer 2003, Saints boss John Coughlin brought him back to Paisley. He was again hindered with injuries and made three appearances before being released in late November 2003.
In August 2009 he signed for Championship 1 side Ards, playing a handful of games before slipping into junior football. He returned to Ards in August 2010 as the club's assistant manager, before signing again as a player in September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19065643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065643" title="John Clayton (botanist)">
John Clayton (botanist)

John Clayton (1694–1773) was a Colonial plant collector in Virginia. 
Clayton was born in England, and moved to Virginia with his father in 1715, where he lived in Gloucester County, near the Chesapeake Bay, exploring the region botanically. Clayton sent many specimens, as well as manuscript descriptions, to Dutch botanist Jan Frederik Gronovius in the 1730s. Without Clayton's knowledge, Gronovius used the material in his "Flora Virginica" (1739–1743, 2nd ed. 1762). Many of Clayton’s specimens were also studied by the European botanists Carl Linnaeus and George Clifford. In Clayton’s honor, Linnaeus named a common eastern North American wildflower, the spring beauty, "Claytonia virginica."
He married Elizabeth Whiting, granddaughter of Peter Beverley.

</doc>
<doc id="19065662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065662" title="Joachim I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau">
Joachim I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau

Joachim I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau (Dessau, 7 August 1509 – Dessau, 6 December 1561), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Dessau. After 1544 he served as the first ruler of the re-created Anhalt-Dessau.
He was the fourth (but third surviving) son of Ernest I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, by his wife Margarete, daughter of Henry I, Duke of Münsterberg-Oels and granddaughter of George of Poděbrady, King of Bohemia.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1516, Joachim and his older brothers John V and George III became the new rulers of the Anhalt-Dessau. During the first years of their reign, their mother acted as regent.
In 1544 the brothers agreed to a formal division of the principality. Joachim retained Dessau, this time as sole ruler. The re-created Anhalt-Dessau was much smaller than the earlier principality, however, due to the assignment of many territories to John V and George III.
After his death, unmarried and childless, Joachim was succeeded by his nephews, the rulers of Anhalt-Zerbst.

</doc>
<doc id="19065663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065663" title="Yang Jia">
Yang Jia

Yang Jia (; 27 August 1980 – 26 November 2008) was a Chinese citizen executed for murdering six Shanghai police officers with a knife.
Yang received international media attention for the public sympathy accorded to him in China, where, according to exiled writer Ma Jian, Yang has become "a sort of national hero." Beijing lawyer and blogger Liu Xiaoyuan prominently defended Yang.
Background.
Yang, a jobless 28-year old Beijing resident described as a loner was reported to have been arrested and interrogated by the Shanghai police in October 2007 for riding an unlicensed bicycle.
According to his later testimony in court, he was insulted during the interrogation and beaten after being brought back to the station, leaving bruises on his arms and back. He then sued the police for maltreatment, to no avail.
Stabbings.
According to Chinese authorities and media, Yang Jia ignited eight petrol bombs at the front gate of the police headquarters in Zhabei, a Shanghai suburb, at about 9:40 am, 1 July 2008 – the anniversary of the founding of the Chinese Communist Party. He then stabbed security guard Gu Jianming, who tried to stop Yang, with a knife. Subsequently, Yang charged into the building and randomly stabbed nine unarmed police officers, four in the lobby and duty room and five more while making his way up to the 21st floor, before police managed to subdue him.
Six policemen suffered stab-wounds in their lungs, livers and necks and bled to death. Besides the knife and the molotov cocktails Yang carried with him a hammer, a dust mask and tear-gas spray.
Trial and execution.
Yang's trial was delayed on account of the 2008 Summer Olympics. On 27 August 2008, Yang was tried behind closed doors in a one-hour trial at the Shanghai No. 2 Intermediate People's Court. Four days later, the official news agency Xinhua announced that he had been found guilty of premeditated murder and received a death sentence, as had previously been expected.
The death verdict against Yang was confirmed in an appeal trial, also conducted behind closed doors, on 20 October 2008. The appeals court concluded that Yang was of sound mind.
On 21 November 2008, the Supreme People's Court of China confirmed the death verdict. Yang was executed by lethal injection on 26 November 2008.
Media coverage and public opinion in China.
Yang initially benefited from unusually sympathetic coverage in the state-controlled Chinese press. The "Beijing News" pointed out that Yang's appointed lawyer, Xie Youming, might have had a conflict of interest as he is also a legal adviser for the city district that oversees the police station at issue. "Southern Weekend" published a long, sympathetic front-page story, while other Chinese papers hinted that Yang was wronged and demanded a fair trial. In the week leading up to the trial, though, the Shanghai media fell silent on the case and Chinese authorities increased efforts to censor Chinese internet coverage on the subject.
While there was initial public anger at the killings, Western media noted that discourse on Chinese internet forums and blogs soon became largely sympathetic to Yang, with many expressing suspicions that Yang might not receive a fair trial and that the police might want to cover up wrongdoings of their own. The "Daily Telegraph" quoted one Chinese blogger as praising Yang's "strong sense of the law" and another comparing him to Wu Song, a hero in Chinese literature. A message left on Yang's MySpace account was reported to have read: "You have done what most people want to do, but do not have enough courage to do."
On 13 October 2008, a public protest in support of Yang occurred outside the Shanghai court in which Yang's appeal was heard. According to Agence France-Presse, about a dozen protesters wearing T-shirts with Yang's face showed up and were arrested by police. 
After his execution, Internet tributes to Yang continued to be posted in China. Agence France-Presse reported that very few Internet users expressed the opinion that Yang deserved his fate, reproducing the following contribution by a Chinese forum user as typical of many: "When you hold a knife up to the police, it's doomed to end this way. But Chinese history will remember Yang Jia's name forever."
Musical tribute.
"Pan Gu"(盤古樂隊), an underground Chinese rock band now in exile, released a five-song album named after Yang Jia, "The knife of my home country"(故鄉的刀). One song was named after the well-known quote of Yang's: ""You authorities refuse to give me an explanation, I shall give you my own explanation"".
U.S. 2008 Human Rights report.
The U.S. Department of State's 2008 Human Rights report mentioned Yang Jia:

</doc>
<doc id="19065664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065664" title="Tom Nekrews">
Tom Nekrews

Thomas John "Tom" Nekrews (born Chatham, 20 March 1933) is an English former professional footballer. After an unsuccessful spell with Chelsea he went on to play professionally for Gillingham between 1953 and 1958, and in total made 42 appearances in the Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19065669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065669" title="2008–09 UEFA Women's Cup">
2008–09 UEFA Women's Cup

The UEFA Women's Cup 2008–09 is the eighth edition of the UEFA Women's Cup football club tournament (since rebranded as the UEFA Women's Champions League), the most important trophy in European club football. The first qualifying round started on 4 September 2008 and the final over two legs was held on 16 and 22 May 2009. Duisburg defeated Zvezda Perm 7–1 on aggregate to claim their first UEFA Cup title.
First qualifying round.
Group A1.
Tournament in Šiauliai (Lithuania).
Group A2.
Tournament in Niš (Serbia).
Group A3.
Tournament in Skiponjat (Macedonia)
Group A4.
Tournament in Oslo (Norway). Georgia's champion FC Iveria Khashuri withdrew their team from the competition.
Group A5.
Tournament in Šaľa (Slovakia).
Group A6.
Tournament in Osijek (Croatia).
Group A7.
Tournament in Neulengbach (Austria).
Group A8.
Tournament in Wroclaw (Poland).
Group A9.
Tournament in Sarajevo (Bosnia and Herzegovina).
Second qualifying round.
Group B1.
Tournament in Oslo (Norway).
Group B2.
Tournament in Umeå (Sweden).
Group B3.
Tournament in Lyon (France).
Group B4.
Tournament in Kalush (Ukraine).

</doc>
<doc id="19065683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065683" title="Leonard Auala">
Leonard Auala

Leonard Nangolo Auala (25 September 1908 – 4 December, 1983) was a Namibian Lutheran Church leader. 
Early life.
Auala was born on 25 September, 1908 in Oniipa, Oshikoto Region. He was raised by Lutheran missionaries from Finland. He went to primary school in Oniipa before going to Augustineum in Okahandja and theological training in Elim, Namibia and Port Elizabeth, South Africa.
Career.
He was the first Namibian bishop of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia (ELCIN), a member of the Lutheran World Federation. Auala lived most of his life under South African rule. As a prominent religious leader for both the Ovambo people and other groups across Namibia, Auala met regularly with the South Africans to discuss issues like contract labour and other facets of apartheid. A member of the South West Africa People's Organization, Auala received threats and harassment from the South African occupiers. 

</doc>
<doc id="19065701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065701" title="Tommy Kingsnorth">
Tommy Kingsnorth

Thomas Henry "Tommy" Kingsnorth (16 April 1917 – 2 February 1992) was an English professional association football player. He played professionally for Gillingham between 1946 and 1951, and in total made 28 appearances in the Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19065705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065705" title="Reign of Christ">
Reign of Christ

Reign of Christ can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19065746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065746" title="2008–09 FC Vaslui season">
2008–09 FC Vaslui season

The 2008–09 season is FC Vaslui's 7th season of its existence, and its 4th in a row, in Liga I. Because it finished 7th, FC Vaslui played on UEFA Intertoto Cup in the third round. FC Vaslui passed by Neftchi Baku, and it qualified for the 3rd preliminary round of UEFA Cup. In the play-off, it was eliminated by Slavia Prague, because of the away goal rule, being the only Romanian team, who was eliminated, without losing in UEFA Cup that season. In the championship, they started perfectly, after a 1-0 win against FC Steaua Bucureşti and a 3-1 win against arch rivals Poli Iaşi. But because of the injuries, the team results began to be poor. After a 1-1 draw with Gaz Metan Mediaş, Viorel Hizo was dismissed, and Viorel Moldovan was named the new coach. The team entered in the winter break, on the 9th place. In the winter break, Adrian Porumboiu spent over 3 million €, for new signings, being the only Romanian team, who weren't affected by the Global Economical Crisis. With Moldovan, the team reached the semi-finals of Romanian Cup, but after a 1-4 loss against Gloria Buzău, Moldovan was also sacked, and as a manager, was named the assistant Dulca. With Dulca as a coach, FC Vaslui resurrected, and saved its season, in the last 2 games, after a 1-0 win against FC Rapid Bucureşti, and also a 1-0 win against Universitatea Craiova in front of 25.000 fans on Ion Oblemencu. The team finished 5th, and qualified in the 3rd round of UEFA Europa League.
Transfers.
Overall.
Spending.
Summer: 2,230,000 €
Winter: 3,700,000 €
Total: 5,930,000 €
Income.
Summer: 1,200,000 €
Winter: 0,450,000 €
Total: 1,650,000 €
Outcome.
Summer: 1,030,000 €
Winter: 3,250,000 €
Total: 4,280,000 €

</doc>
<doc id="19065748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065748" title="Dom Fucci">
Dom Fucci

Dominic A. Fucci (September 15, 1928 – June 22, 1987) was an American football defensive back in the National Football League for the Detroit Lions. He played college football at the University of Kentucky and was drafted in the eighteenth round of the 1951 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
